1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2645
the lack of proof. I only know that thousands of
our citizens have suddenly found the ground slip-
ping out from under their feet, and the homes
the'/ had embellished and the towns they had
buiit on land paid for by themselves in good faith,
by this decision no longer theirs.
Mr. RIDDLE. Does not the bill exempt the
lands of towns?
Mr. SARGENT. It only exempts the city of
San Francisco.
Mr. Speaker, these men do not come here beg-
ging land. They do not ask for any donation on
the part of the Government. They do not ask
for the benefit even of the homestead clause to be
extended to them. They ask to be allowed to pay
the minimum price of the Government for the
land. I do not think it would make much differ-
ence with them if they were compelled to pay live
dollars an acre, or twenty-five dollars an acre, in-
stead of 25, except for the poorer lands which
are used for grazing. All they ask is that some
relief may be afforded to them against competition
with those who have nothing invested. To say
that these men, who have devoted their time and
money for years to the improvement of these lands,
shall not have the benefit of a dollar of the money
they have invested, and that any man who has
not expended a cent upon them may come in and
bid against them, is a gross injustice. The Gov-
ernment might make a great deal of money outof
it. It might speculate in the toil of its people, and
wring from these men all they possess to fill its
Treasury, by turning them into the street and sell-
ing their possessions to others; but such a course
is unworthy the Government and unjust to these
people. Will you permit a speculator, because
he will pay ten cents an acre higher at public auc-
tion than the actual settler, to take possession of
the property m which that settler has invested
his all ?
That is the class that it is designed to benefit
by this bill. There is one class not affected by
this bill in any shape. Wherever there is a sus-
picion of fiauU in a grant, wherever there was an
impression that it would not be confirmed, you
could get no man to purchase of the grant-holder.
Settlei s had no use for any such title, and would
not pay for it to the pretended holder. Men would
not purchase under such circumstances. They
took exactly the opposite course; they entered
upon it adversely to the title, fenced in a piece,
and now wait until the claim is rejected by the
United States courts, when being in possession
they have a claim upon the Government under
the preemption or homestead laws. We do not
restrict that right. The bill only applies to men
who have purchased limited quantities of the grant-
holders, and were in actual possession of the land,
undisturbed by the adverse possession of any
other person whatever.
1 want th's distinction to be drawn in the minds
of members, as it is m the fact, and by the oper-
ation of this bill. I have been myself for years
fippost'd to fraudulent grants, and realized their
pernicious effects upon the prosperity of my State.
1 have put my foot upon them; I have spit upon
them; and I shall do so for all time to come; and
I will not willingly see men who have erected their
homes upon land thus fraudulently claimed in-
jured if I can prevent it. This bill does not do
the injustice which gentlemen allege, for it does
not touch that class of eases. They are protected
without further legislation, so far as 1 can see,
and if I discover that they are not, 1 will press
any measure necessary for their relief.
I think (he amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] is excellent
in its character. I am not sure but that it is just
the right idea. I would not object to have the
United States, if it can, make something out of
this beyond the amount of $1 25 per acre. We
do not care very much about the price, except
where the lands are very poor, and not worth much
in the market. Town lots would be worth more
than $1 25 per acre; grazing lands not much, if
any more. If the persons to whom i. have al-
luded, who have honestly purchased their farms,
or house or store lots, and who have actual and
exclusive possession, can be protected in their
improvements and allowed to purchase at$l 25
per acre one hundred and sixty acres of their land,
I think they will not object to a competition for
the balance, because such a system would cover
the. vast majority of cases, and they would not.
be stripped of all the fruits of their labor. I call
the previous question.
Mr. NOELL. I ask the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia to yield to me a moment.
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly. I withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. NOELL. I do not wish to throw obstruc-
tions in the way of the passage of this bill; but
my attention was called to the machinery of this
bill. The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] provides no means for the
ascertainment of this reasonable value, and it
seems to me that under it as much fraud would
be perpetrated against the Government as will be
perpetrated under the original proposition. We
have a precedent upon that subject. In 1832 Con-
gress passed an act for the adjustment of private
land claims in the State of Missouri, and by that
act it was provided, in all cases where claims were
rejected by the board of commissioners, that the
claimant should have the privilege, if he was the
actual resident and was ousted from the land, to
enter other land to an extent not exceeding six
hundred and forty acres, at $1 25 per acre. That
is a precedent established by Congress upon that
subject.
It seems to me that this bill, as presented in the
first instance, covers too large an amountofland,
and thatit does notaffordasufficientguardagainst
fraud- and wrongs which might be perpetrated
upon the Government; and it seems to give no
better protection to settlers than the provisions
of the act of July 9, 1832, for the adjustment of
private land claims in the State of Missouri.
For the information of the House, I propose to
have read an amendment which I desire to offer
hereafter.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all between the word44 act," in the thirteenth
Hue ol the bill, and the word ''provided" m the seven-
teenth line, and insert tin; following:
And who have actually inhabited and occupied the same
prior to the 1st day of March, 1662. shall be entitled to the
prefeicnce in becoming the purchasers of said tract* of
land from the United States, at private sale, at the same
price and on the same term* and conditions in everyiespeet
as aie or maybe provided by law for the sale of other lands
in -.aid estate at puvate sale, not to exceed in quantity, to
anyone purchaser <>r company, or firm of purchasers, six
hundred arid lbity acres : Provided, however,'Vhat tiie lavv.s
and regulations now in force respectingpreemptors upon the
public lands, shall be applicable to all ca*es arising under
or piovided for by this act, except as to quantity, and also.
Mr. NOELL. In connection with that amend-
ment, I will now*read the proviso to the act of
1832, to which 1 have already referred:
Prvva'cil, That actual settlers, being housekeeper,
upon such lands a<aie lejected, claiming to hold under such
rejected claim-, ui such a  may waivw their grant, shall
have the light to piei-mpt ion, hi enter within the linn1 of the
exi-tenei' of tins ael. not exceeding the quantity of theii
elanii. which in no ea-e shall exceed biv hundred and forty
acres, to include their jinpioveinent* ; and shall give notice
and prove their rnrht ol preemption, and in all eases con-
fotm to the regulation-* as have been, or m.iy he, pie-cubed
by the Secretary or the Treasuiy uudei the exiting laws
relative to pieeinption "
Now, I desire that the settlers upon the lands
under consideration shall have the same advant-
ages furnished to them a3 have been extended to
settlers in other States,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. To what lands
did that act of 1832 apply?
Mr. NOELL. 'So possessions claimed by oc-
cupancy in the State of Missouri, under Spanish
grants, at the time of the enactment of that law—
precisely the class of cases to winch this bill ap-
plies. I think this provision would protect the
Government from ail fraud and extend greater
advantages to the settleis upon the public lands.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will suggest to
the gentleman that there is a difference in the con-
dition of things in the two eases. The law from
which the gentleman read was passed at the tune
that the act for adjusting the claim was passed, so
that it gave parties notice at the beginning that
they would be required to hold their possession
according to the Government survey. And then-
improvements, of course, were made in reference
to Government surveys.
Mr. NOELL. The gentleman is slightly mis-
taken. The claimants of some of these lands had
occupied them for forty years prior to the time of
the passage of that act, and by that act they weie
given the right, if their claim was rejected by the
board appointed under it, to enter other lands as
preemptors at the price of $1 SJ5pcracrc. It they
proposed to waive the grant, they could then.come
forward and take ti)e land as preemptors.
As the amendment offered by jthe gentleman
from Ohio provides no machinery by which this
reasonable value can be ascertained, and these
frauds upon the Government prevented, I.cannot
support it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The grants in Up-
per California were grants to Mexican citizens,
and we provided by the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo that all the titles to these grants should be
protected in the same manner as if no change in
the Government had taken place. That was in
conformity with the law of nations. For the pur-
pose of enabling the parties claiming under these
grants to establish their rights, a commission was
established, which held its sessions in the State
of California, and all those claiming under alleged
grants were required to file their petitions within
aspecified time in order thjat the board might miss,
upon their claims and adjudicate their titles. The
decision, of the commissioners was not final. An
appeal laid to the district court of California and
from their decision to the Supreme Court of the
United States, either in behalf of the United States
or of the claimants. These titles have, therefore,
been long since adjudicated, unless there be some
cases now pending on appeal before the Supreme
Court of the United States. Many of these claims
depended upon the same principle;and when once
the Supreme Courtof the United States settled the
principle, the Attorney General of the United
States was authorized by an act of Congress to
dismiss the cases if the judgment below conformed
to the judgment of the Supreme Court. By this
means litigation was much shortened.
The bill under consideration provides that if
any grant has been favorably decided oil by the
board of commissioners or by the district court of
California, then the person settled upon the lands
shall be entitled to enter those lands at $1 25 per
acre, to the extent of one thousand acres. The
gentleman from California admits that there were
forged and fraudulent grants. I know the fact.
This matter has been the subject of discussion
before. It was established then by a special agent
that the seal of the Mexican Government had
been forged, and that paper prepared by the Mex-
ican Government for grants in one year had been
fraudulently used for others.
Mr. LOW. I would ask the gentleman from
Missouri what proportion of the grants have been
proved to be or even suspected of being forgeries*
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot of course
answer that question. You cannot expect me to
tell you how many of the alleged land grants in
California were fraudulent. I deal with the sub-
ject generally, not specially. Does the gentle-
man know himself? Can ho answer his own
question ?
Mr. LOW. I will answer the gentleman from
Missouri by stating that according to my recol-
lection there were some eight hundred land claims
in the State of California.
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri. Oh,more than that.
Mr. LOW. Well, between eight and nine
hundred, and but two of those have been decided
fraudulent.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am not prepared
to say how many have been decided fraudulent
and forgeries, but I do know that there was an
appropriation made for a special agent to go to the
State of California, under the direction of the At-
torney General, to protect the United States against
alleged fraudulent grants. 1 know that we ex-
pended a large sum of money for that purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think my col-
league will find that that special agency was a
oreater job than the one the agent was sent out to
correct.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I differ with my
colleague. 1 think that agent rendered essential
services. Whether he was overpaid, I am not
prepared to sav.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I desire to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Missouri that that spe-
cial agent happened to be connected with the com-
pany"nwning one of the grants which he went
there to litigate, and altogether it was believed in
California to be the blackest operation that ever
took place there.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, X cannot speak
advisedly upon that subject. I presume the gen-
tleman sent there was ail honest man, and that ho
