1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
reports about officers are, in all instances, correct.
He wanted to know from me whether I knew of
the correctness of these reports. He wanted to
know if I was informed, and bow I got the inform-
ation, that there was such a number of men in
the service. When I responded to him that I had
seen the official .statement giving five hundred and
seventy thousand as the number of men employed,
and said that the Secretary of War informed roe
that there were upwards of one hundred thousand
more in the service, the gentleman fell back on his
experience, and said that he had seen many officers
in the streets of this city and elsewhere who were
detached from their regiments and who did not
know where to find their regiments. Now, 1 un-
dertake to say that this manor in regard to the
paymentof troops is so conducted, under the law,
that there can be no possible misapprehension
about it. The reports of our officers, the muster-
rolls, the pay-rolls, which come to the Depart-
ment, are the very best evidences of the existence
of the troops, far better than the casual observa-
tions of the gentleman. The pay-roll is made up
by an officer of each company, an officer who has
no interest in falsifying the pay-roll. Misrepre-
sentation in regard to these matters is punished
with the severest penalties. Then comes the pay-
master. He pays each individual soldier the
money due him by the Government.
A Member. Or to his assignee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. He pays to him-
self. There is no assignee about it. He can only
pay to himself or to his company officer. Thus
we have the pay-roll and the muster-roll to cor-
rect each other. There call be no mistake at all.
The casual observation of a gentleman, no matter
how intelligent, no matter what examination he
may have given the subject, no matter how many
men he may have seen jingling their spurs in the
streets of Washington, ought not to stand against
these evidences. 1 speak with a great deference
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, because 1
know that, oidmarily, he is most coirect in his
statements. But 1 think that in this matter he
ought not to insist that his knowledge or inform-
ation , however gained, is to countervail the reports
of sworn officers of the Government, some of whom
have no interest whatever in misrepresenting the
facts.
No w, I say that under the law company officers
cannot be paid except for a certain number of men.
Companies cannot be received into service unless
they amount to the minimum fixed by law. The
men are inspected by a mustering officer. Every
men comes and shows himself bodily to the mus-
tering officer. The muster-roll is made out, the
officers and men are mustered into service; and
when the paymaster comes round he pays the
money into the hands of the men to whom it is
due.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor.
Mr. COYODE. Let me correct the statement
made by me as to the number of men who are
actually in the service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have but a
few words to say, and I prefer to say them now.
I had no idea when this bill was introduced that
it would give rise to any such discussion as we
have witnessed. And I desire to say to my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that I trust the
select committee, of which he is a member, au-
thorized by the House to investigate Government
contracts, will bring forward without much fur-
ther delay, ill somc'sort of shape, their report for
the action of the House, and not leave the various
questions pertaining to the r investigations to be
eternally thrust forward on every occasion before
the House to be discussed piecemeal, when none
of us are prepared to meet it, in opposition to
whatever appropriation bill may oe before the
House.
Now, here we have a plain proposition; a le-
quest coming from the Secretary of War, show-
ing that there is a deficiency in the appropriations
for paying the men who have been actually en-
listed, mustered into the seivice, and called into
the field. It is a notorious fact, of which no
member of the House could have been ignorant,
that a much larger number of men have been act-
ually employed in service than was estimated for.
It is. therefore, merely a question whether they
shall be paid or fight our battles for nothing and
find themselves.
A nd now I have to say to thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandigham] that if there is a man here
who believes that Secretary Stanton would send
in a request to have this House pass an appro-
priation of $30,000,000 to cover up a defalcation,
lie is certainly the only man who would believe
it. I take it upon myself to say that there is not
another man in this House who believes that Sec-
retary Stanton would be guilty of so foul an act.
Now, in relation to this bill, I trust that the
House will pass it without further discussion, and
let these side issues come up on some other occa-
sion, when there may be an opportunity of a fair
and proper investigation of them.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the sum one half. I do
it for the purpose of saying a few words, not upon
the merits of the appropriation, but in regard to
the allegation of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] as to the legality of calling into
service more than five hundred thousand men. If
the gentleman will examine the two acts of Con-
gress of July last, upon this subject, he will find
that either Congress did not act intelligently,
either they did not understand what they were
doing when they passed the second act, or they
intended to authorize the calling into service of
an additional five hundred thousand men.
The first act, approved July 22, provides:
"Tlmt the Pi evident be, ami lie is hereby, authorized to
accept the services of volunteers, either .is cavalry, in-
fancy, oi artillery, ill such number-*, not exceeding live
bundled thousand, as he may deem necessary foi the pur-
pose of lepctling invasion, suppressing insurrection, en-
forcing the huvs-, and preserving and piotecting the public
propel ty."
The second act, passed on the 25th of the same
month, contains a provision in these words:
•! That the President of the United States he, and he is
lieieby, authoiized to accept the services of volunteers,
cithei as cavalrv, mfantn, oi aiulleiy, in such mmibcis a>-
the cxii'encies of the public ucnce maj, ill his opinion,
demand, to be oieunized as authorized by the act of tho^d
of July. 1SGS : t'rovida!, 'Dial till' mimbei oftioops heieb)
authonzed -h.ill not exceed live handled thousand. "
Thus you see that by the first section of the act
of July 95, there is a distinct authority given to
call out an addiiional five, hundred thousand men.
Each bill gives a distinct authority, and cannot
possibly be construed to refer to the same force as
the other. The Administration, therefore, having
the distinct authority delegated to it by Congress
to call into service a million of men, certainly did
not exceed its authority by accepting the services
of seven hundred thousand men.
Mr. COVODE. I oppose the amendment of
my colleague, simply for the purpose of correcting
the statement made by me. as to the aggregate
number of men in service according to the estimate
of the War Department. I find that I was mis-
taken as to the exact number. I stated at the time
that it was five hundred and seventy-two thou-
sand. Since that time, however, 1 have conversed
with a gentleman who has had the same oppor-
tunity of acquiring infoi mation upon the subject
that i have, and he informs me that the exact
number is five hundred and eighty-six thousand.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in computing the pay of
this excess ovcrfive hundred thousand at $20,000
per month, it will reach the sum of $20,640,000.
But, as I stated when I was up before, there are
other large expenses which must be inclined for
clothing, transportation, &c., which makes up the
amouin of deficiency, not extravagantly stated, to
$30,000,000
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of closing debate
upon this section of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the gentleman will with-
hold that motion for five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will withdraw
it for the piesent.
Mr. McPHERSON. I withdraw ray amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it, and I do it simply
for the purpose of stating that the gentleman fioin
Missouri [Mr. Blair] and the gentleman fiom
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] have entirely misunder-
stood me if they have supposed that I designed to
reflect at all upon the Secretary ofWar in any
way whatever. On the contrary, I rose, in good
faith to get a little information if I could beforei I
voted to authorize the expenditure of $30,000,0UU
more m the shape of a deficiency for the piesent
year. With what success I have accomplished
my object the House will judge for itself. 1 am
entirely satisfied with the luminous exhibition in
the speech just made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania on my right, [Mr. Covode,| of the ex-
act number of men in the 'field, and it is hardly-
necessary for me to pursue the subject further. I
observe, however, that the Secretary of War is
not entirely satisfied as to the exact accuracy of
the information, although the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] says that there is no need
of any mistake in this matter, that the informa-
tion must all come to the Department in an au-
thentic form, even to a single soldier.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Oh, no; that was
not my statement.
Mr. DAWES. I have said that the Secretary
of War has stated that he believes the number to
be about so many. The Secretary is cautious,
more so I suggest than the gentleman from Mis-
souri or the gentleman from Pennsylvania on my
right. If it be true that the pay rolls are here,
and that every man on the pay rolls is a live man,
all the Secretary has got to do when he asks for
an appropriation of $30,000,000 to make up a de-
ficiency, is to add up the list and tell us exactly
how many soldiers we have.
Now, it is a known fact that whjn the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, at the commencement of
this session, was about making his estimates from
the number of men in the field, ho labored a long
time before he could get any sort of an idea from
the War Departmen t about the number of soldiers
in the service; and he did not get within three
hundred thousand of the peal number on the third
effort. I would suggest, therefore, that there may
be some difficulty, not legal, but practical, in ar-
riving at aprecisely accurate result in this matter.
It" the practical operation is exactly as my friend
from Missouri says, that the paymastergoes and
drops the money into the hand of the man to
whom it belongs, and makes no mistake in iden-
tifying him, there would be nodifficulty; buthow
if he happens to drop it into the hands of a shark
instead of a soldier ? If the statement of the gen-
tleman from Missouri be literally true, I ask what
mean the advertisements that I see in the streets
of " pay rolls cashed?" I do not see -what op-
portunity there is of cashing them, if the paymas-
ter only pays the money into the hands of the
soldier who has earned it.
Now, sir, I understand, as well as any member
of this House, how the Secretary ofWar is labor-
ing and how he is struggling to lift the country
out of the slough in which it is floundering just
at this moment. I understand all that. Nobody
appreciates his labors better than I do. _ 1 only
desire, if it be as my friend from Missouri says it
is, that some clerk will spend half a day in adding
up the columns presented on the pay rolls, so that
we may know just how many men there are in the
field. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I object to the with-
drawal of the amendment, for the purpose of en-
abling mo to say, in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that he has misapprehended entire-
ly what I said. The gentleman was good enough
in attempting to state what I said, to state some-
thing that originated in his own mind.
I did not state that the Secretary of War could
ascertain exactly the number of men in the ser-
vice; but I did state that when the muster and pay-
rolls came here lie could ascertain the number of
men upon those rolls. There would be no rea-
sonable doubt in regard to the existence of the
men whose names appear upon those rolls. It
will show those who were mustered into the ser-
vice by a sworn officer of the Government. Each
man has to be sworn in, and each and every man
upon the pay-roll will be paid by a sworn officer.
I undertake to say that the oaths of these sworn
officers are as worthy of credit as the casual ob-
servation of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Those pay-rolls, which are sworn to, will show
those who have been paid.
But the gentleman met that statement by the
question of what was meant by the advertisements:
"Pay-roll cashed here." My remark was ad-
dressed in reference, not to the officers, but the
men of the Army. An officer is not paid like a
private. He is paid upon a certificate which is
assignable, and it is in regard to such certificates
that we see the advertisements to which the gen-
tleman has referred. When an officer wants to
raise money he sells his certificate of pay, often
before it is due, and the purchaser takes the risk
