1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
bill must not pretend to say that its provisions
accord with the principle, the spirit, or the letter
of the Constitution. If they ask us to throw this
issue upon the country as a measure of expedi-
ency, disregarding the provisions of the Consti-
tution, thatisanother question; but they must not
pretend that they are doing a constitutional act in
the emission of bills of credit, bccause [ do not
think that, under the terms of the Constitution,
Congress has power even to emit bills of credit,
much less to make these bills of credit a legal
tender in regard to contracts between private par-
ties, or between the Governmentand the parties
with whom it is dealing.
Under the power of Congress to coin money,
there is certainly no power to emit bills of credit.
Under the terms of the Constitution giving to Con-
gress the powerto regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States, there is cer-
tainly no power to emit bills of credit. And under
the concluding clause of that section, giving to
Congress power to pass all laws that shall be ne-
cessary and proper for carrying into execution the
foregoing powers, it cannot be contained, bccause
the Constitution gives to Congress the power to
do only those things which had been enumerated
in the foregoing sections.
Now, I lay it down as a principle—and in that
1 am sustained by the decision of the Supreme
Court of the country; I am also sustained by the
votes of the framers of the Constitution itself; 1
am sustained by the best legal learning that the
country has, at any time, ever afforded, in the
views of those distinguished gentlemen who have
occupied seats in this and in the coordinate branch
of Congress in times past—I say, I lay down the
principle that we are to conform our action to the
Constitution of the country as it is, and I call upon
gentlemen to show me how, when, where, in what
particular, we have power, under the Constitution,
to make anything, except gold and silver, a legal
tender? I think, Mr. Chairman, it cannot be done.
If it can be done, then courts, members of conven-
tions, and the statesmen who have gone before us,
"have committed an egregious error, and we are
coming now to perform the solemn act of con-
demning their judgment and of setting all their
precedents at defiance.
There may be a time before this rebellion shall
come to a final conclusion when stern necessity
may drive us to the accomplishment of a great
many acts from which we would lecoil at the pres-
ent moment with fear and trepidation; but that
time I do not think exists at this day.
The first section of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means provides for the issue
of $100,000,000 of Treasury notes. The next sec-
tion provides for the issue of §500,000,000 of six
per cent, bonds. This issue of Treasury notes,
according to the terms of the bill, may be funded
in these bonds.
Now, sir, if you or I live to see on irredeema-
ble currency of seven, eight, or nine hundred, or
a thousand millions of dollars, if you please, set
afloat upon the countiy, with no time fixed for
their payment, no place designated—I say, I think,
if we live to see that day, we shall live to see that
currency as much depreciated as was that currency
adopted in the hour of necessity by the Continen-
tal Congress. Why, even at that period of time
they made their bills payable at a certain place,
and payable in Spanish milled dollais. The pro-
vision was contained upon the face of this issue
of Continental money, that it was payable in spe-
cie, even in the stress in which our fathers were
placed at that early period in our history. They
did not venture, they did not presume to do what
we are now asked to do, although there was then
ten thousand times more necessity for it than there
is now, because there is a hundred times, yes, sir,
a thousand times more property subject to taxa-
tion on which levenue may be raised than they
had in that time.
Mr. HORTON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will yield to the gentleman
in two or three minutes, it has been stated in the
course of this debate that the gold and silver m
the country at this moment is from two to three
hundred millions of dollars. It was also stated that
the property assessed in the country for the pur-
poses of taxation amounts to $16,000,000,000.
Now, sir, with this vast amount of property, and
with the undoubted right of Congress to impose
taxation; with all these resources, why is it not
the duty of Congress, in the first place, to look to
the amount of property that we have to sustain
the credit of the country ? If we, instead of that,
look to a thing that exists in imagination, and in
imagination only, my theory is that the object we
seek to accomplish can never be accomplished.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in obedience to my prom-
ise to the gentleman from Ohio, I yield to him the
remainder of my time.
Mr. HORTON. Those members who have
taken any notice of my coursc, will remembei
that I have not often imposed myself upon the in-
dulgence of the House; and I would not on this
occasion were it not for the fact that m my judg-
ment we are about taking a dangerous departure
from the financial system of the country. If this
bill passes, as I hope and pray it will not, this
will be a point from which we shall date a new
financial system in the United States. Old things
will have been done away; al] things will have
become new.
Being a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I have been engaged in working according
to the best of my ability, saying nothing; but I
wish upon this occasion, as the saying is very
commonly uttered here, to "put myself right be-
fore the House and the country." If I am wrong
in my convictions, 1 wish to take the responsi-
bility of the wrong. If I am right, 1 do not wish
the responsibility to attach to my skirts of the
great wrong which I believe to be involved in this
bill.
I do not expect by anything I shall say to con-
vince any man who has already examined this
question; but still 1 wish to utter my voice of warn-
ing against being driven by a supposed and as-
serted imperious necessity into this measure. It
is conceded to be against all the teachings of ex-
perience, against all ourhabits of thinking, against
all our sentiments of right, and against all our
opinions about political wisdom and prudence.
It has been asserted upon this floor, with the
utmost apparent sincerity, that this is a measure
not of choice, but of necessity. But, Mr. Chair-
man, that assertion is only reiterated, not proved.
Where is the proof that it is a matter of neces-
sity? There may be proofs abundant, but they
have not been produced, so far as my knowledge
or observation extends. They may exist outside,
or they may possibly exist here; but they have
not been made apparent so far as I have been able
to discover.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, in the brief period I
shall occupy on this occasion, not to go into the
constitutional questions involved m this bill. They
have been discussed upon one side or the other.
I shall leave them in the same condition in which
I found them; but I shall call the attention of the
committee to some practical views,which itseems
to me are decisive. And I ask those who listen to
me just to keep in mind their own practical knowl-
edge, and their own practical experience in the
ordinary transactions of life; and unless they can
prove to their own«mmds and to their own satis-
faction that there is something applicable to gov-
ernments that is not applicable to individuals in
their own financial affairs, they will have no dif-
ficulty in understanding what I shall say.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I believe all of us will
agree that a tax bill and a loan bill should have
been passed through this House side by side.
The Committee of Ways and Means were con-
vinced of the importance of this, and were desirous
that this should be done. It is from no neglect of
the Cnmmittee.of Ways and Means or of the sub-
committee which has had the preparation of the
tax bill in chaige, if the loan bill and the tax bill
have not been bVoughtfonvard hide by side. This
will be understood readily when the factis sug-
gested that the piepanuion of a tax bill providing
foi the necessary amount, and drawn with the care
requisite to an equitable operation upon all the
subjects to bo taxed, is a work of gieat labor, and
cannot be well done by anybody in a short time.
The members of the sub-committee who have the
tax bill in charge have devoted all the time at their
command in the preparation of the bill. They
have worked night and day; and although we do
not get much credit for being industiious, still
substantial progress has been made.
But the loan bill is brought before us, and the ne-
cessities of the Government compel us to consider
it without waitingfoi the tax bill, which should be
accounted a part of the same measure. There are
two measures before the committee, and I pro-
pose to discuss them. One is the proposition of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Spauldin.g,]
and the other thatof thegentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill.] The proposition of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Spaulding] provides
for the issue of §100,000,000 of Treasury notes,
without interest, payable at the pleasure of the
Government; and with a provision for funding
them in six percent, bonds, having twenty years
to run. It provides further for the disposition in
the market, at par, of six per cent. United States
bonds, having twenty years to run. It proposes
to make this §100,000,000, with the §50,000,000
notes already issued, a legal tender for the pay-
ment of all public and private debts and demands.
Those are m substance the provisions of the pend-
ing bill.
The substitute introduced by the member from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] provides for the issue,
by the Secretary of the Tieasury, of $100,000,000
in Treasury notes, redeemable at the pleasure of
the United States, and bearing interest at the rate
of three and sixty-five hundredths per cent, per
annum. These notes can be used as currency
when additional cuirencyis desired, or laid aside
for the sake of the interest. They arc receivable
for all dues to the Government except imposts,
and aie payable by the Government whenever the
Government creditor chooses to accept them.
These notes, too, are fundable by the holder in
United States bonds having ten years to run, and
bearing interest at the rate of seven and three
tenths per cent, per annum payable half yearly in
coin. It will be seen at a glance that these notes
have all the characteristics for circulation which
the Treasury notes of Mr. Spaulding's bill will
have, (save the legal tender clause,) and have the
important advantage of earning interest, and being
fundable in a more desirable stock for the holder,
because beaung a higher rate of interest, and more
advantageous to the Government; because having
only half the time to run, the Government can
redeem them at an earlier date. By this substi-
tute the $50,000,000 issued in July, called demand
notes, are left to be used by the Secretary of the
Tieasury under the law authorizing their issue.
It was considered that this $50,000,000 demand
notes were as much as the market would bear.
Should there he, however, a further demand, it
could be met from the $100,000,000 bearing a small
interest, which, to say the least, would be as de-
sirable for the purpose of currency as those not
bearing interest.
Mr. Chairman, the substitute provides for the
issue of $200,000,000 United States bonds, having
ten years to run, bearing seven and three tenths
percent, per annum interest, and $300,000,000 six
per cent, bonds, having twenty-five years to run,
interest on both descriptions being payable in
coin, half-yearly. The bill of the member from
NewYoik does not provide for the payment of
the interest m coin. That of the member from
Vermont recognizes throughout the obligation of
the Government to pay all its debts in coin. There
are other provisions which are common to both
bills.
The Committee of Ways and M^ansare equally
divided m regard to the two bills. I, however, am
for the substitute, and decidedly opposed to the
legal tender scheme of the bill now pending before
the committee. I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to some suggestions which I propose to
make against the pending proposition.
I will first make some tvmaiks about the pres-
ent financial condition of the country. I think
that I may take it as true that the country never
was so wealthy as to-day; that never was so little
due to foicign countries as to-day; that it never
had so much propeity, and never was so free
from embarrassments. The only drawback is that
the Treasury wants money to an immense amount.
The question arises how shall we get the re-
quired amount of moneyandputitinto the Treas-
ury to deft ay the expenses of the Government5
That,sir, js the question whk h we are practically
to determine by a vote of the House to-day or to-
morrow. Can we best accomplish our purpose
by a legal tender Treasury note bill, or can we
best do it by going to the capitalists of the coun-
try and saying: il We are a powerful nation, an
honest'nation, a wealthy nation engaged in an
effort to nut down a gigantic rebellion. All that
