166 •
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
3y®a Cess....2d Sess. •
Confiscation of Bebel Property—Mr. Babbitt.
Ho. of Reps.
deep silence of the jungles of Africa startled by
the bold note in anguish and sorrow that so often
reverberates in this "Hall. Thus we might find
scope for ourfullness of heart; thus we might cher-
ish oar philanthropy without the semblance of
evil, without the dangerous irritations and excite-
ments that sometimes prevail, growing out of our
debotesandourlegislation. Iinvokenoneofthese,
I think they are detrimental, especially those in-
fluences, that kind of side-bar interposition which
come not from statesmen, but from an intention-
ally irritating source that loves agitation. This is
all injurious and misapplied, whether it comes
from the oration, lectures, poetry, or song; all
these are injuriously invoiced upon an inappro-
priate theme, especially if the intent is irrita-
tion.
But, Mr. Speaker, let what will come, we must
save the Government. And wo will! And I trust
before many months to have peace, with all its
rich blessin'gs—the Government and the Consti-
tution as we received them—all peace, all glorious,
all united. Let whatever may come, Kentucky
in tends-to reindorseand ratify her motto upon the
1 monument of the Father of this Country. By the
blessings of God and the precepts of Washing-
ton, Kentucky will be the last State to leave the
Union. "Never despair of the Republic."
Mr. Speaker, X beg the pardon of the House
for having trespassed upon their time so long with
these desultory, off-hand remarks; but I have felt
it to be a duty to submit the considerations I have
to you. Thanking the House for its courtesy in
extending my time beyond the hour to which the
rules entitled me, I will detain them no longer.
CONFISCATION OF REI1EL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. ELIJAH BABBITT,
Of PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Hobse of Representatives,
Jilmj 22, 1862.
The House having under' consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and fieu from servitude me slaves of
rebels—
Mr. BABBITT said:
Mr. Speaker: The gigantic rebellion which the
mad ambition of unprincipled, desperate men has
instigated against this most just and beneficent
Government that ever blessed' the earth, has cast
upon this Congress questions of higher magni-
tude, of greater difficulty, and more momentous in
their consequences than has fallen to the lot of
any other Congress that ever assembled under our
Constitution. It has introduced a derangement
of our national organization threatening such dis-
aster to the people and to our governmental unity
as the great architects of our Constitution, wise
as they were, could, by no possibility, have fore-
aeen^ or, if suggested to any of those sagacious
and far-seeing minds-, the possible occurrence of
Such a great and causeless rebellion would have
seemed to require the existence of such unreason-
ing madness ja a majority of the people of whole
States as could have gained no particle of credence
with them, because they knew that in the freedom
of frequent elections they had provided a peace-
ful remedy for the redress of nil those evils which
under despotic go vernmen ts can be redressed only
by the bloody remedies of rebellion and revolu-
tion^ and 'therefore the framers of our Constitu-
tion made no provision expressly with a view to
the suppression of such an astounding attempt at
national suicide. That on questions of such dif-
ficulty and magnitude, so forced upon us without
the aid of any express piovision in the Constitu-
tion, or any precedent to guide us, there should
be diversity of opinion among loyal men is nat-
urally to be expected. Indeed it would be very
extraordinary if such diversity did not exist; and
hence its existence should be treated with defer-
ence, and should, on no occasion, lead any one
to impugn or question the motives or patriotism
of those who maintain opinions conflicting with
his own on the questions thus presented.
There is, however, in this connection one great
and vitally important question, rising so high
.above all others as to serve as a stand-point from
which the others may be correctly scanned, on
which, I think, all loyal men, of whatever party
antecedents, should and probably do agree; and
that question is: shall we, regardless of whatever
treasure and blood it may cost loyal Union men,
whatever time it may consume, and whatever ca-
lamity and ruin it may bring upon hardened and
unrepenting traitors, maintain this Union, the
Union of our fathers, in its entirety, one and in-
separable forever? 1, Mr. Speaker, answer this
question absolutely and unconditionally in the
affirmative, and I believe all loyal men should
accord to it the same answer. I hold that this war
should be prosecuted with un relaxing energy by
every means which God and nature and the rules
of civilized warfare have placed at our disposal,
till every particle of this great treason shall be
exterminated.
No citizen, sir, can more deeply deprecate this
bloody and destructive conflict than myself, or
more aidently long for a return of the halcyon
days of peace; but my mind is indubitably im-
pressed with the conviction that the entire crush-
ing out of every veslige of this causeless, wicked,
and murderous rebellion is an absolute necessity
to the restoration and preservation of peace. There
can be no peace without it. If through our own
hesitancy to use the most energetic and efficient
means of suppressing this rebellion, we shall allow
it to attain any final success, however limited, the
prestige and charm of the Union is gone, and there
can be no peace thereafter. A hollow truce there
might be, Dut it would be merely a prelude to war.
Any severance of the Union under any circum-
stances would constitute a precedent fraught with
the direst evils. Under its baleful influence dis-
appointed ambition, by stirring up and intensify-
ing sectional jealousies, would accomplish other
and successive severances. Wars would inevi-
tably ensue between the sections of the thus dis-
severed Union, and the land would be desolated till
its wretched and impoverished inhabitants would
find their only relief in becoming the colonial vas-
sals of some of the leading foreign despotisms.
The only means by which peacc'can be restoied
and preserved is that of restoring the undisputed
rule of this one, rightful, national Government over
every foot of territory which, nt ihe commence-
mentof this foul and wicked rebellion, constituted
the United States of America. In its unity there
is glory, honor, and prosperity; in its severance
there is degradation, desolation, and death. The
rights of small, feeble nations are but the scolf,
contempt, and prey of the powerful. Their Grov-
ci nments can accomplish no great object. They
seldom produce distinguished or prominently use-
ful men.
if, as alleged by secessionists, there exist be-
tween the different sections of this Republic con-
flicting interests, habits, and manners, so much
greater the necessity of madifymg and restraining
their operation by the genial influence of one just
and beneficent Government, such as that of the
United States has ever been, extending over the
whole, and repressing the feuds of each. All his-
tory proves union, and not severance, to be the
true policy. England, Scotland, and Wales, dif-
fering in interests, habits, and manners, were,
while under separate Governments, perpetually at
war. United under one Government—still differ-
ing as before—they have found perpetual peace.
The same may bo observed in regard to the Saxon
Heptarchy ;and the early histories ofltaly, Greece,
and many ot,'leXregions teach us the same lesson.
1 he voices o? the wise and good, the friends of
fieedom and progress throughout the civilized
world will, with one accord, proclaim that of this
Kepubljc--the world's last and greatest hope of
political liberty—there must never be a severance
Let us respond: « No, never!" The same glorious
old nag must, and, God permitting, shall continue
to w&ve over the whole old Union, from the sources
of the Mississippi downward to the Gulf of Mex-
ico; irom tae snores of the Atlanticaway over the
Alleghany, the Rocky,and the Nevada mountains
to the great Pacific; and from the St. Lawrence
and the lakes to the Rio Grande.
Having thus, Mr. Speaker, attempted to show
that an overwhelming necessity exists for the
preservation of this Union in its entirety, cost
what it may, I come to the consideration of the
means of accomplishing it at the least cost of
treasure and blood to Union men. In the adop-
tion of measures I would scrupulously regard the
rightsand interests of loyal men everywhere. And
if, from their nature, those could not be fully pro-
tected, I would have the Government make ample
compensation. But I would adopt the most cer-
tain and efficient means for the salvation of this
last resting place of liberty on earth, regardless
of the calamities or the merited punishment it
might bring on those persistent traitors who are
utterly regardless of all rights of loyal men, and,
wherever they have the power, inflict upon them
such savage barbarities as would call a blush of
shame to the cheeks of any other savages but them-
selves. And here I am compelled by my settled
convictions to say that, in my opinion, one of the
most efficient means of speedily crushing out the
rebellion and preserving the Union would be the
adoption of measures upon the basis indicated in
the bill before us, for freeing from servitude the
slaves of persistent rebel masters. I am ready to
vote for the adoption of some such measure as a
bona yWemihtary necessity for the preservation ot
the Union, and not as warring against State in-
stitutions. I would have it affect no loyal State,
and would have it so guarded that it could work
no pecuniary loss to any loyal citizen; or, if any
loyal citizen should unavoidably suffer loss, I
would have remuneration provided. In addition
to its being a military necessity, I think the meas-
ure commendable as inflicting a just, but inade-
quate, punishment on rebels for the terrible in-
iquity of instigating and persisting in a rebellion
so utteily causeless, godless, and bloody; a rebel-
lion which has sentdesolatiou, rapine,and murder
broadcast over the land; has sent bitter mourning
into tens of thousands of heretofore happy and
joyous dwellings, from which even now the wail
of ten thousand widows and orphans, left desti-
tute, is moving heaven and earth for the punish-
ment of these murderers of their husbands and
their fathers.
It is said that our brave men in arras are able
to put down this rebellion without resorting to the
aid or liberation of slaves. This may be so. But
at the same time I believe the proposed measure
would utterly exterminate the rebellion at incom-
parably less cost and in fewer months lhan it
might take of years if we should not adopt it. The
slave system, unassailed, is the great element of
rebel power. In it, as in the locks of Samson,
lies the secret of their great strength. Slave labor
feeds and clothes their armies, supplies them with
all the munitions and means of war. Slave labor
sustains the aged and infirm, the women and chil-
dren, leaving every able-bodied adult white male
with nothing to do but fight for the overthrow of
the Union. Shorn of this institution, rebeldorn
would be as powerless as was Samsou shorn of
his locks in the lap of Delilah. These slaves, com-
posing nearly half the population of the cotton
States, are, I believe, about the only true Union
men now to be found there. They are now, on
compulsion, helping the rebellion. But they
would, one and all, gladly and rapidly come over
to our side and help us if we would let them, if
we would promptly, distinctly, and without res-
ervation, afford them facilities for so doing. I
think the time has arrived, and we have reached
a point in this great war, when we should employ
them on our side, and grant them freedom as a
boon for faithful assistance, if they are willing to
render it. I would employ them, sir, not to com-
mit devastation, rapine, and murder, as it has
been most falsely assumed they would if set free
But 1 would employ them to render the same
service to us, for pay, that they have heretofore
rendered for rebels on compulsion; and I would
free them because it is right. That they would
commit any of those imagined outrages, there is
not the slightest probability. Every fact, act, and
circumstance connected with their conduct to wards
their masters in this war, prove them to be, of
all people on earth, the most docile and least vin-
dictive. Jn no instance have any of them mani-
fested the slightest disposition to avenge then-
wrongs. Peaceably to obtain their freedom seems
to be the absorbing desire of their hearts. Besides,
if we use them in this war, or if we do not, they
will be always under the control of our armies, or
our Army officers, and would not be suffered' to
commit any of the imagined outrages which are
the mere chimeras of guilty consciences.
