im
APPENDIX "TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[May 23,
Ster Ooss.... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Sheffield.
Ho. 03? Reps.
- States, The confederate States are at war with
the'United States- He, by Ins own showing, is
apuldic enemy ofthe United States. Our Constitu-
tion does not protect the property of our enemies.
Gfi-the contrary, enemy's property is all liable to
be seized. No man can claim under conflicting
aod-inconsistent rights. At common law, and in
equity, a party who denies the obligatory force of
aa agreementor compact is estopped from claim-
ing any-benefits under it. And that which a man
cannot, claim for himself, no other can claim for
him'.
Now, sir, I base the right to liberate the slaves
attd' confiscate the property of rebels, the avowed
subjects o;f the confederate States; on the law of
nations, as a belligerent right, and find the power
to do it amply vested in Congress by the Consti-
tutor By it Congress has ^power " to declare
w!ar, to make rules concerning captures on land
and water, to raise and support armies, to provide
and maintain a navy, to make rules for the gov-
ernment of the land and naval forces," and " to
make all laws necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers."
Now, Mr. Speaker, by the act of the seceded
States, war exists between them and the United
Smtes. ThiSibrings into legitimate action against
tliem qll the war poweis of this Government, and
the rights, which, in accordance with the customs
an# law of nations, may be exercised in times of
war. By these we have the light, if we see fit to
use it, to seize sufficient of the property of the
rebels in arms, and (heir aiders and abettors, to
remunerate ouiselves for all the losses and ex-
penses of this their most causeless, unjustifiable,
and wicked war. The right extends to the seizure
ofboth publicand private property, as will appear
by the following authmuies;
" A Suite talcing up aroc in a jus>t cnusc, ban a double
right against her enemy. 1. A right to obtain possession of
her property withheld by the enemy, to which nin«t lie
added'the exponas incurred In pursuit or that object, the
pharges of the war, and reparation of damages. 9 She has
a right to weaken her enemy in oidcr to render him incapa-
ble of supporting his unjust violence, a right to deprive lum
oftho means of resistance.*'—VaUcPs LawoJ Nutions) book
'3, ehap. 0, see. 16, edition 1837.
Again:
"Whenever we have an opportunity we seize on the
enemy's property and convert it to our'own use."—Ibid.,
sue. ltB.
Now what is meant by " enemy's property?"
Vattel answers;
" Everything which belongs to that n.inou, to the State,
to the soveioign, to the subjects of whajevei age ot m-v,
everything of that kuid fails under the description of things
belonging to theeiieiriy."— Ibid., ehnp 5, w. IV.
" Towih and land.* taken from the enemy nie called eon-
ftuesw, all movable property taken from him is culled booty.
This booty naturally belongs to the sovereign making war
no leas than the eomjuesL*, loi he alone lias such cl.iims
against the hostile nation warrant him to «eize on her
pioporty apd conveit it to his own Ibid., chap. 9,
&ec. Ito.
Much more to the same effect might be quoted,
but time will not permit. This is sufficient to
show the right extendiug tu all property of our
enemies. I am well aware that m modern times
this right is seldom exercised to its full extent;
but nevertheless the right exists, and may, at the
option of the belligerent, be fully exercised. In
confiscating the property only of the leading reb-
els, we exercise it but in part. Now, as to the
right to set the slaves of an enemy free, Yuttel
says:
*'It has been observed that we maybe obliged in con-
science to restore to a third paitv the'booty we may have
recovered out of the hand* otan cn<w, who had taken it
irom him m an unjust war. The obligation ismoie rrrtain
and extensive with regaid to a people whom the enemy had
unjustly oppressor!- We certainly ought go to ueeourvie-
toiy as not merely to give them a new ma tei,butio bieak
then chains. Todchvci anoppicssed people is a noble fiuit
of victory."5— chap 13, sec. 203.
To show that the same belligerent rights exist
in a civil war as in a war between independent
nations, I quote again from Vattel:
l- When a party h formed in a Suite who no longer obey
the eoverojgDj and aie possessed of sufficient strength to
oppose him. or when a republic is divided into two oppo-
site factions, and both sides take up arms, this is a ctvtl
war.'-'—Vattel, book 3, chap. 18, sec. 292.
"Those two partle>, theiefoie, must necessarily'be con-
sidered as constituting two separate bodies, two distinct
j-ocieties Theystand, theiefore, precisely in tnesame pte-
dieament as two nations who engage m a contest."—Ibid,.
&ec. 293.
Rosetw. Himely, 4 Cranch, 279, and Cheviot us.
Fousat, 3 Binney, 259, maintain the doctrine that
in case of a rebellion, the sovereign possesses both
sovereign and belligerent rights, and can act in
either character.
It has been earnestly contended by gentlemen
on this floor, learned in the law, that because the
several secession ordinances of the seceded States
are void, those States are still in the Union; and
as rebels in arms they and their property cannot
be subjcctto belligerent rights, but, that they must
be caught and tried by a court and a j ury of their
own seceded States, and of the districts wherein
the acts of treason were committed. But we know
such trial would be a farce, and a conviction im-
possible. This would be making the Constitu-
tion a shield to protect from all punishment neaily
every traitor who has raised up his bloody hands
for its destruction. But we have seen by the
authority quoted that we are not thus fettered.
Another position is taken and insisted on, which
is that exercising against the rebels the rights of
belligerents would be admitting their light to se-
cede. This is simply an absurdity. A body of
men can do in fact that which they have no right
to do. An admission that they have done the
unlawful act is no acknowledgment of its being
right. And thus the ordinances of secession have
conferred no right upon any of the so-called se-
ceded States to go out of the Union; but they, by
force of arms, have gone out m fact, nevertheless.
They are de facto belligerent States, and we have
a right to treat them, and have all along been
treating them, as belligerent States; and just so
they are treating us. We have, therefore, a right
to adopt against them all such measures as may
be adopted against any belligerent States, with the
single exception that we may not treat as enemies
those citizens lestdmg in the seceded States who
have been in no complicity with the rebellion;
and though wc treat them as belligeicnts, we may,
notwithstanding*, treat them as traitors also. The
remedies are cumulative, just as a criminal guilty
of two climes may be proceeded against for either
or both.
It is contended that if thetc are belligetent rights
to be exercised against the property, and in liber-
ating the slaves of rebels, the President, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, is to order
and conduct them. The difteience seems to me
uuimpoitant, for if the work is only done, and
done so effectually and promptly as to speedily
crush treason,and restore peace and oidcr, I shall
rejoice with great joy, bo it ordered and performed
by whatever btanch of the Government it may.
Hut the Constitution seems to vest the power in
Congress rather than in the executive department.
It is to Congiess that the power to declaie war,
to make luies concerning captures, to raise and
suppoit armies, to piovide and maintain a navy,
to make rules for the government and regulation
of the laud and naval forces, and to make all laws
foi carrying into execution the foiegoing powers
is committed. Thus the powers of Congress seem
to be express, while those of thePic-sident are only
implied,from his being Commander-in-Chief. I
have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that it accords with
the wishes of the President that Congress should
take the responsibility of giving an expiession of
its views on these highly important questions. If
they accord with those of the President, though
it should be found that power to act in the matter
is in him and not in us, his action in the premises
will be none the less valid by leason of any bills
we may pass on the subject. But if he thinks the
bills wrong in principle or inexpedient, he will
of course exeicise lus constitutional power of
vetoing them; and thus their passage can do no
harm. And now, Mr. Speaker, having stated my
reasons for holding—1, that there is an over-
whelming necessity for maintaining the Union
which our fathers formed in its entirety, cost what
it may; 2, that the time has arrived when a rml-
itaiy necessity exists for liberating the slaves of
persistent lebels, and employing some-of them
as a means of crushing this great rebellion, and
thereby^ preserving the Union; and 3, that we
have a light to confiscate the property of rebels to
pay the expenses of the war, and ought to use it
so far as regards the property of the principal in-
stigators and leaders of the* rebellion, I close my
remarks. J
CONFISCATION OF REBEL iMiOi'ERTY.
 *
SPEECH OF HON. W. P. SHEFFIELD,
0F RHODE ISLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
May 23,1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the pioperty and free from "servitude the slaves of
rebels-
Mr. SHEFFIELD said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to consider the bills
which are now before the House, to point out
some of their objects, to inquire into the necessity
and authority for their passage, to review some
of the arguments which have been advanced in
their support, and to present such general con-
siderations to the House as seem to me to be
worthy of their attention upon these mostimport-
ant measuies. I feel piofoundly impressed with
the magnitude of the subject which is before us.
The hopes of the restoration of the Union of our
country are being reassured, and it seems now,
when our Army and Navy are acting so well their
part in the suppression of the rebellion, and when
we have reached a point when even cautious men
can look forward beyond a few sanguinary fields
to the time when the blessings of peace shall again
smile upon our once happy but now distracted
country, when the half million of men that are
now in the Army shall leturn from their histoiic
fields to bless by their presence those who have
mourned their absence and to add the products of
their toil to the wealth of the country. The emo-
tions of pleasure which will attend this return
are such as the boldest imagination can scarcely
comprehend. It is only when-the fear that the
adoption of these measures may postpone that
happy day is presented to my mind,-that I feel the
full consequences which may ensue from the pas-
sage of these bills.
The first of these bills proposes to confiscate the
property of seven classes of persons absolutely
and without reservation, thousands of whom may
never have committed any crime against this
Government And the only judicial proceedings
which it provides to ascertain whether the prop-
erty is confiscate is a proceeding against the
property itself, a proceeding of which the owner
of the property may not have any notice. The
first thing which strikes the mind as we look over
this bill, is the suggestion made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] the
other day. The third, fourth, and fifth clauses
provide for the forfeiture of the property of a
great many persons without their having com-
mitted any cnme against the United States. The
bill was designed, 1 suppose, to punish traitors,
but under its provisions the property of men not
involved in the least particle of moral turpitude,"
not entertaining any views hostile to the Govern-
ment, may be taken and confiscated. For in-
stance, any person holding the office of town clerk
m any town in those States that are in rebellion,
which office he may have held for half a century,
is subject to the confiscation of his property if he
continues to hold his office after the passage of the
bill, although he may not even have known of its
passage. I appeal to gentlemen whether it would
be possible to piesent a more monstrous proposi-
tion than that.
There is a proposition scarcely less objection-
able in the sixth class. This class of persons are
punished simply for holding property in the loyal
States. Other persons, who may have been guilty
of precisely the same offense, pass olT with impu-
nity, while those who hold property in the loyal
States are to be punished for that, and for noth-
ing else.
Again, sir, by the second section of the bill, it
is provided that after a certain period, after the
issuing of a proclamation, the property of all per-
sons, without distinction, who may be engaged
in the rebellion, shall be forfeited. They may
have never heard of the proclamation. They prob-
ably will not have heard of it. Still, no matter
under what circumstances of mitigation, no mat-
ter under what circumstances of duress, or under
what influence the offense was committed, his
