1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
that we are-rearing monuments that will live m
the recollections of posterity. It is a vain hope,
an idle delusion ! Not more than the name of one
in a thousand of those who have occupied seats
in the national Legislature has survived the lapse
of years, or can now even be recalled to recollec-
tion by the most retentive of memories.
It is but a bubble we are blowing. No matter
how largely we swell in our conceit, how magnifi-
cently we expand our proportions, the bubble will
finally burst for us, as it has done in the case of
our illustrious predecessors, and we shall return
to the obscurity from which we came, unhonored
and unsung. And even if we succeed in securing
the public attention for more than one term of our
congressional life, by a most persistent effort in
blowing our bubble,others will soon crowd us off
the scene of action, and strut their brief hour of
fancied greatness and renown !
" This is the state of man 5 to-day lie puts forth
The tender leaves of hope, to-morrow blossoms,
And bears his blushing honors thick upon him ;
The third day, conies a frost, a killing fiost;
And—when he thinks, good easy man, full surely
His greatness is a ripening —nips his root."
My object has been accomplished if I have suc-
ceeded in arresting the attention of my fellow-
members by this brief contemplation of the life
and death of our late friend and colleague. Let
us emulate his virtues, and realize that it is not
all of life to reach public station, nor all of duty
to distinguish oneself in the fitful notoriety of the
passing hour.
Mr. ANCONA. Mr. Speaker, I cannot permit
the occasion to pass without adding a word to
what has been already so well said by my col-
leagues, in friendship's tribute to the memory of
our deceased friend and colleague.
It was my privilege, sir, to meet and forma
personal acquaintance with Thomas B. Cooper
m this city at the special session of Congress in
July last, and though our intercourse was limited
to that period and the few weeks of the present
session he was in attendance, yet in that short
time I had seen much in his character to admire
and attach me to him as a warm friend t
Dr. Cooper's health was such as to preclude
an active participation in the proceedings of Con-
gress incident to his station while here as the
Representative of the people of his district; yet,
so long as his rapsdly failing strength would allow
he occupied his scat in this House, and placed
his name upon the record on ail the momentous
questions of the day, in accordance with his own
convictions of duty to God and his country, sus-
taining the Government freely with his votes for
men and money, and in all its legitimate efforts
to maintain its integrity, preserve the Constitu-
tion, restore the Union and fraternal relations of
the States.
But, sir, it is rather of his private worth as a
citizen that I would speak, and here I must resort
to those who knew him longer and better than I
did. His life, thus prematurely cut shoit, as
would seem to us in our limited vision of the do-
ings of an all-wise Providence, was pei Imps of full
measure in good deeds, for it may be truly as-
sumed that a man's life is not in length of years,
but rather in the sum of good he may do his fel-
low-men in acts of Christian charity, benevolence,
and general usefulness.
Thomas B. Cooper voluntarily assumed, and
was devoted to, as the profession of his choice,
that noble one which has for its object the relief
of suffering humanity, so well calculated to bring
out and develop in all their excellency the finer
qualities of the human heart and mind. He grad-
uated with high honor at the University of Penn-
sylvania, in 1843; commenced and continued the
practice of his profession for seventeen years in
his own native valley, the beautiful Saucon, until
failing physical powers warned him of the neces-
sity of relaxation from the arduous duties of a
country physician of his reputation, and conse-
quent extensive field of labor.
Chosen to fill the honorable public position he
held at the time of his decease, he continued to
discharge the obligations imposed with firmness
and fidelity to the last, ever enjoying the confi-
dence, esteem, and affection of his people.
I can adopt no better words descriptive of his
character, virtues, and the estimation m which he
was held by those who knew him best, than the
extract from the notice of his death in the leading
journal of his district:
" Few men occupied a larger epace in the affection of
the people of his own and neighboring county of Bucks
than deceased. As a husband and father, he was kind,
affectionate, and devoted, a* a citizen, active, enterpris-
ing, and influential; as a surgeon and physician, talented,
and rarely excelled, with a field of practice widely extended;
and as a Representative, a man of integrity and fidelity. Al-
though callcd home at the eaily age of thirty-eight years,
hi  has bequeathed a character sparkling with fidelity, de-
votion, and unblemished integrity. He was remarkable for
his many endearing qualities, and in his chaiacter were
mingled generosity, energy, and decision, with all the gen-
tleness of action and manner, which confers the stamp of
true nobility. In soci.il intercourse, he was aflable, kind,
and pleasing; and in deposition, charitable, forgiving, and
lenient to all on God's footstool. The estimation of hnn
as a friend and companion, merged into that of the true-
hearted man ! Generous and humane, the tale of suffering
and distress fell not unheedingiy on his ear, but like the
gentle dew from heaven, performed its office, and rose
again in deeds of usefulness and mercy."
The calmness and serenity of mind with which
Dr. Cooper, in full possession, apparently, of all
his mental faculties to the last moment, contem-
plated his departure, illustrated the truth of the
sentiment of the poet:
" Theie is 110 death,
What soems so is transition 5
This life of mortal breath
Is but the suburb of the life elysian."
Without intrudingupon the sanctity of the grief
of those who mourn their irreparable loss, we
would tender to them, the family, our heartfelt
sympathies and condolence, commending them to
Ilim who alone can assuage their affliction and
reconcile them to His dispensation.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I had not de-
signed taking any part in these proceedings, but
since they have been progressing I have thought
that perhaps it is due to the memory of the gen-
tleman who has so recently deceased, that I should
make a very few observations. I never knew
Dr. Cooper until I met him as a member of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. The intercourse I had
with him from thccommencementof the Congress
down to the time he left, was of a most agreeable
character. I found him to be an unobtrusive man.
I found him to be a frank and open-hearted man.
I found him to be a good companion,genial, and
of high social qualities. That was the result
of the very limited acquaintance I had with Dr.
Cooper.
But, sir, since his decease I have inquired of
my colleagues, who knew him better than I did,
and the character they give me of the man is of
the most enviable kind. They represent him as
having held the highest social position in the com-
munity in which lie lived. They represent him
to me as a man who spent, if not a long life, at
least an industrious and moral life, a man who
devoted his professional energies to the promotion
of the health and prosperity of the community in
which he lived.
Now, sir, it has frequently, through a long se-
ries of years, occurred to my mind that the man
who is acknowledged by the community in which
he lives to be an upright, moral, libeial, honest
man, enjoys the best reputation that a man can
have. A man who has qualifications and ability
may connect himself with public life; he may come
into your legislative halls and establish a reputa-
tion as an orator or a statesman; he may pursue
some literary calling; he may win a reputation
that is coextensive with the world; but, after all,
when you come to form your estimate of the man,
you must rely upon the character that he has es-
tablished about his own threshold, at his own
hearth, in his own family, and among his own
neighbors. There is the standard by which we
must measure a man after all is said and done.
The national reputation that a man may acquire
may not be ephemeral; it may live while his coun-
try lives; but if there arc faults m his character,
as exemplified in the every-day course of his life,
you cease to entertain for him that high respect
and consideration which you feel for the man
whose national reputation is backed up and sus-
tained by high social qualities. That is the cor-
ner-stone of his building; thatis the ground-work
of his fame, let it be what it may, and no fame is
worth having that is not based upon a reputation
for social and moral virtues in the community
where it is the man's destiny to live, and perhaps
his destiny to die.
From all the information 1 have derived with
respect to my deceased colleague, I gather that
no man possessed the domestic and social virtues
in a more eminent degree than he did, and this
makes his memory precious. These commenda-
tions, coming from the men who knew him best;
and from the people who make up the neighbor-
hood where he liyed, entitle his memory to our
special consideration. It has afforded me very
great satisfaction indeed to hear in the eulogies
that have been pronounced upon my deceased col-
league, the universal testimony borne to the do-
mestic virtues of the man—virtues that not only
outshine but eclipse a reputation that a merely
political or literary life may give a man. I did
not intend to detain the House so long, but I felt
it due that I should say this much.
The question was taken on the resolutions, and
they were agreed to; and thereupon (at a quarter
after three o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 17, 1862.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 226) to amend "An act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against the
United States," approved February 24, 1855—to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 403) to amend an act entitled " An
act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue certificates of indebtedness to public cred-
itors," approved March 1,1862—to the Commit-
tee 011 Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWARD. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Spring Lake, Ottawa county, State of
Michigan, praying for the construction of a ship
canal trom the Mississippi river to Lake Michi-
gan, a request in which I confess I most cordially
concur. The petition was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of citizens
of New Yoik, remonstrating against the tax bill
before Congress, and to the issue of any more
Government bonds bearing interest, and praying
that Treasury notes be issued for the full amount
of our unfunded debt; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citizens
and workmen at the Harper's Ferry armory,
praying for the restoration of that establishment;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of Lewis I~I. Bodman, Frederick A.
Dudley, and Daniel D. Gilbert, a committee ap-
pointed at a meeting of the medical cadet corps of
the United States Army, held at Washington,
April 13,1862, praying for an increase of the rank
and pay of that corps; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and oidered to be printed.
He also presented the petition of E. C. Bates,
George W. Lyman, J. Wiley Adams, and others,
citizens of Massachusetts, praying for the adop-
tion of the principle of taxation suggested in a let-
ter from E. B. Bigelow, addressed to Hon. Tiiad-
dlus Stevens, entitled "Internal taxation sim-
plified;" which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
byMr.ETHERiDGE,its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint res-
olution:
A bill (No. 352) to provide for the organization
of a signal corps, to serve during the piesent war;
A bill (No. 404) to provide for the deficiency
in the appropriation for the pay of the two and
three years volunteers and the officers and men
actually employed in the western department; and
A jointresolution (No. 66) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to discharge contractors with
his Department when they have furnished the
amount estimated in their contracts and fifty per
cent, additional.
