2618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
selves hear.the soldiers murmuring because they
ace -compelled to contribute for their support, and
they do not therefore care to continue to occupy
their present position. Of course the relations be-
tween the band and the soldiers, under the cir-
cumstances, must be exceedingly unpleasant to
both parties.
I .am opposed to expending five or six millions
of dollars a year for these regimental bands. We
Want all the money to pay the privates. I hope,
therefore, that the motion to strike out will not be
agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to state that the
action proposed by the committee does not seem
to me to be calculated to effect the object they de-
sire to accomplish. They desire to repeal the law
authorizing regimental bands of twenty-four and
to substitute regimental bands of sixteen. To do
this they ought to concur in the sixth section,
„ which repeals the law giving bands of twenty-
four instead of disagreeing, and thus make room
for the bands of sixteen.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
mistaken. The seventh section would change the
existing laws.' The existing law allows twenty-
four in each band, and that section proposes to
allow only sixteen.
Mr. EDWARDS. Suppose the House does
not amend the seventh section as the Senate pro-
Eose, but accept it as it is; then the sixth section
aving been stricken out, instead of reducing the
expense of bands, we shall have a regimental
band of twenty-four under the old law, and a brig-
ade band of sixteen under this law, which would
be anything but what the committee intend or the
House would agree to. I trust the amendment
therefore will not prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Lino one, section seven, strike out the word " brigade"
and insert " regimentso as to make the section read:
That each regiment in the volunteer service shall have
sixteen musicians as a band, to be selected from the regi-
mental bands mustered out of service by this act, who shall
receive the pay and allowances now provided by law for
regimental hands, except the leader of the band, who shall
receive forty-five dollars per month oniy.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The question now
resolves itself into the simple proposition whether
we shall have a brigade band of sixteen or a regi-
mental band of sixteen. If the amendment re-
ported by the committee should be sanctioned by
the House, we shall have a reduction of the pres-
ent regimental band from twenty-four musicians
to sixteen, with some reduction also of the pay of
the leader of the band. If it fails, the Senate's
original section will stand, requiring that there
shall be a band of sixteen musicians for each
brigade.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. If this band
business is the mere fancy arrangement which our
friend says it is, I would be glad to know why
the brigades should have a band. I do not under-
stand why the nation should be at the expense
of furnishing a band for a brigade any more than
for a regiment; and if there is no necessity for it,
let us have done with it.
And I would inquire further why the abolition
of these bands extends only to the volunteers; to
the brave fellows who have left their, homes to
fight during the war? Why not include in this
bill a proposition to abolish the marine band of
the navy-yard ? Cannot wegoup to thePresident's
and call upon him without having music there?
Mr. ALDRICH. When the gentleman asks
that question about the marine band, 1 would re-
fer him to the chairman of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, [Mr. Sedgwick,] as he has control of
all those matters.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I doubt not
that a band to each regiment, as under the present
arrangement, is too expensive by far, and I pre-
sume we might reduce the cost to the country
very considerably; but I am not prepared yet to be-
lieve that the music for the Army costs |5,000,000
a year. If, however, that fact could be substan-
tiated, I should still be in favor of music for the
soldiers, for I believe it is worth almost everything
to a regiment. It inspires them with life, and it
conduces to their health. There is something
cheering in it. We all know what Shakspeare
said about music, and it is not necessary that I
should quote it. I hope, if we are to rob regi-
ments of their bands for the short time we expect
this war to last, that brigades will not be allowed
to have them either.
Mr. ALDRICH. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Michigan if he is in favor of abol-
ishing the Canterbury band. [Laughter.J He
is partial to military music, and other kinds of
music, [renewed laughter,] I am informed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. The gentleman
is incorrectly informed.
Mr. ALDRICH. If I have done the gentle-
man any injustice I will do the fair thing, but I
wish to know whether he is in favor of the band
or not. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that the greater portion of this interesting
discussion is lost in consequence of the noise in
the Hall.
Mr. ALDRICH. And I would refer, too, to
my young friend from Indiana, who is fond of
music, I am informed, and who patronizes the
Canterburys. [Laughter.] The gentleman should
not flutter in that way, (pointing to Mr. Hol-
man,) I did not refer to him.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was not aware of any per-
sonal reference whatever. I presumed the gen-
tleman from Minnesota was too much of a gen-
tleman to refer to any gentleman upon this floor
in connection with such a subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALDRICH. When I was interrupted by
the gentleman from Indiana, I was about to in-
quireof the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Kel-
logg,] categorically, whether or not he was in'
favor of that kind of music, and I desire an an-
swer. [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
At the end of the seventh section add the following pro-
viso:
Provided, however, That whenever the commissioned
officers and band of any regiment shall consent to the same,
the entire band of such regiment shall be mustered out of
the service.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will say that the
previous action of the House renders this proviso
unnecessary.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
StriKe out the ninth section, which is as follows :
Jlnd be it further enactcd, That, during the continuance
of the present rebellion, there shall be deducted from the
compensation ofall persons employed in the military,naval,
and civil service of the United States, except the President
of the United States and judges of tile courts of the United
States, and warrant officers and sailors in the Navy, and
non-commis-uoned officers, musicians, and privates in the
Army and marine corps, ten per cent, of the amount of
their compensation; and this deduction shall apply to all
allowances for mileage and for commutation for servants,
forage, and .ations, and to all fees or contingent allowances
paid for personal services from the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. BLAIR of Missouri. The recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs is to
strike out this section. The tax bill, which has
already passed the House and the Senate, provides
for taxing the salaries of all officers, civil, military,
and naval, and it was thought that this question
of taxation had better be left to the committee
raised by the House and Senate for that purpose,
and that it was improperly doubling this tax by
interpolating it into this bill where it had no right
to be. For that and other reasons the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs instructed me to report
in favor of striking out the ninth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
Page 15, beginning at line nine, insert as follows: " Chap-
lains employed at the military posts called ' chaplain's post'
shall be required to reside at the posts, and shall be subject
to such lulesin relation to leave of absence from duty as arc
presciibed for commissioned officers of the United States
Army stationed at such posts."
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out section twelve, as follows:
Sec. 12. And he it further enacted, That so much of the
fifth section of the aforesaid act approved July 1H61,
as allows forty cents per day for the use and risk of the
horses of company office!* of cavalry, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is a law which
has existed throughout the history of our Army
allowing officers to furnish then- own horses and
making them allowance to cover the risk of the
loss of the horse. It is thought by the committee
that it would be a hardship to change this rule now
when we have so many officers in the field who
are compelled to furnish their own horses.
Mr. HOLMAN. The language made use of
in the section is, " company officers of cavalry."
It has no application to the horses of cavalry com-
panies organized under the act of July last, where
each man furnishes his own horse and receives
compensation/therefor. There would seem to be
no argument in favor of discrimination between
the officer and men; the men receive something
for the risk of their horses. The question is
whether we will make a discrimination, especially
as cavalry officers receive'higher compensation
than any other officers in the military service.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The additional com-
pensation is very small, and does not pay for keep-
ing the horses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would ask my
colleague if this is not the first time that commis-
sioned officers have been paid for the use of their
horses ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think not. I think
that in the Mexican war officers were paid for
the use and risk of their horses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am not misin-
formed in relation to the legislation on this point.
No commissioned officers have ever been paid for
the use of their horses. We have hitherto paid
the men in the volunteer cavalry service forty cents
a day for the use and risk of their horses. The
officer just as much requires to have a horse as
the common soldiers, and he must furnish it him-
self without any compensation from the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire from the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether it is not a fact that officers in the cavalry
service furnish their own horses without addi-
tional compensation ? 1 understand that regi-
mental officers furnish their own horses without
additional compensation. The only question is
whether company officers do the same thing.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I can see no just
grounds of distinction between the men and offi-
cers, and it seems to mo they should be put on the
same footing. If an officer has larger pay he has
also greater expenses necessarily; and the pay
which we give to our Army officers is not more
than adequate to maintain them in the positions
which they ought to occupy. I can see no good
reason for putting officers and soldiers upon a
different footing in regard to pay for their horses.
It is just as reasonable to require the common
soldier to furnish a horse for the use of the Gov-
ernment, without compensation, as that the offi-
cers should be required to do so. There may be
more common soldiers, and they make a larger
number of voters. But on the abstract question
of right and justice there is no practical difference,
and I hope the House will not make the discrimin-
ation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I undertake to
say that this is the first attempt in the legislation
of the country to pay company officers for the
use and risk of their horses; where privates in
the volunteer service furnish their own horses,
wo have provided by law that they shall receive
forty cents a day for the use ana risk of their
horses. But no such compensation has been
made to the officer commantlinga company or his
subalterns. If it be right to do this in the vol-
unteer service it is right in the regular service.
A captain or a lieutenant in a mounted company
is furnished with forage for the number of horses
to which he is entitled; and all company officers
are required to have two horses ready for service.
That is the regulation, although in actual ser-
vice officers do not all comply with it. I believe,
however, that the pay-roll shows that they draw
forage for ail the horses that they are supposed
to have, whether they have them or not. Let the
rule be uniform. Let it apply to the officers of the
regular Army as well as to those in the volunteer
service.
In the case of privates in the regular Army, the
Government furnishes their horses. Hence they
only receive their thirteen dollars per month, their
clothing allowance, and rations. But in the vol-
unteer service, if the soldier furnishes his horse,
he receives, in addition to his own pay, twelve
dollars per month for the use and risk of his horse.
I say that this section of the bill as it stands is right.
It conforms to the practice in the regular Army,
and I desire that practice to be retained.
Mr. KELLOGG, ofMichigan. Mr. Speaker,
I am in favor of the amendment. The gentleman
