666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
He also presented a memorial of citizens of the
United States, remonstrating against the proposed
change of the location of the eastern railroad grant
of Wisconsin; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. GRIMES presented sixteen petitions of
citizens of the United States residing in Philadel-
phia, having friends in the Army, praying that
homoeopathic physicians may be appointed sur-
geons in the Army and Navy; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
"the Militia.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying that homoeopathic physicians may
be appointed surgeons in the Army and Navy;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CARLILE presented a petition of citizens
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying that the negro
question may he dropped, and the business of the
country attended to; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of Franklin county, New York, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and that all the inhabitants
of the United States, bond and free, may be called
upon to aid in the support of the Government;
which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Delaware county, New York, praying that the
sale of intoxicating liquors in the Army, as a
beverage, be prohibited, and that sutlcrships in
the Army bo abolished; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of north-
ern New York, praying for the adoption of such
measures as will secure the most speedy abroga-
tion of the reciprocity treaty between the United
States and Great Britain; whieh was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, announced that the
President of the United States had notified the
House that he had approved and signed the fol-
lowing acts:
An act (H. R. No. 238) to pay the expenses of
the special committee of the House of Represent-
atives, appointed July 8, 1861, to ascertain and
report in regard to contracts with any Depart-
ment of the Government for provisions, supplies,
transportation, (fee.;
An act (It. R. No, 247) for the relief of Wil-
liam Y. Strong;
An act (11. R.No. 13i)) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to strike from the pension
rolls the names of such persons ns have talcn up
arms against the Government or who may lmve
in any manner encouraged the rebels; and
An act (11. (I. No. 150) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending3t)Ui June, ItfCI.'t,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
30th June, 1862.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES. In obedience to the request of
the City Council of the city of Washington, who,
by a unanimous vote, requested me to do so, I
ask leave to introduce a oil!, of which previous
notice has not been given.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 186) to authorize the
issue of small notes by the coi poration of the city
of Washington, District of Columbia; and it was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
EXPULSION OF Mil. BRIGHT.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the Vice President he requested to trans-
mit to tnc Rxeeuttve of the State of Indiana a eop> of the
resolution pxpr-lUn-* Je.^e I). Blight uoiii the Senate, at-
tested by the Secretary of die Senate.
PAY OF ARMY OFPICEIIS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no fur-
ther morning business, Senate bill No. 175, to
define the pay ot certain oilicers of the Army, and
for oilier purposes, is before the Senate as the un-
finished business of the morning hour of yester-
day.
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the House bill to abolish the
franlung privilege. 1 have endeavored several
mornings to call up that bill, and I hope the Senate
will take it up now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill we had under consideration yes-
terday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill is now
before the Senate, and the question is on post-
poning it for the purpose of taking up the bill
indicated in the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
allow this bill to be disposed of.
Mr. POWELL. As Senators desire to go on
with this bill, I withdraw my motion; but I give
notice that I shall renew it to-morrow morning,
and I hope it will be agreed to then.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorwith-
draws his motion; and the question before the
Senate is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, as amended,
to the bill (S.No. 175) to define the pay of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsiderthevote
by whieh the amendment was agreed to, for the
purpose of allowing me to offer certain amend-
ments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChairwillstate
to the Senator that the question was put and the
amendment declared to be agreed to; but there
were other amendments offered, and then the Chair
stated that by general consent the vote would be
regarded as not having been taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the ninth section open to
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the sections are
open to amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr President, I intended
nt an early day to call the attention of the Senate
to the necessity of a revision of the laws regulating
compensation. As the ninth section of this bill
provides for a general reduction of the compensa-
tion of all officers of the Government, it may be
as well for me now to say what I have to say on
the subject. When I reported a bill in regard to
Congress the olhor day from the committee on
compensation and cxpenditui es, I did not intend
to say anything in regard to its details, but to al-
low the pressing necessity of the times t.o speak
for it. Hut that bill, and the series of bills of
which it is a part have been criticised not only
here, but in the other House, and in the public
press, so that it is due to the committee who re-
ported the bills, and it is due to the subject, one
of the gravest importance, that the principles upon
which those bills were framed should be stated.
Fitst, allow me to state my objections to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The ninth section of this bill proposes—
That thoie shall he deducted liom the compensation of
ail persons employed in the military, naval, and civil t>er-
vi( e of (in United tftato*, except wanant officers and sail-
um in the Navy,and non commissioned olliccis,musicians,
iind pi iv.ue.s in the Amiy, tea pei cent, of the amount of
then eompeiwtlion.
Now, what is the eil'eef of this5 All the ine-
qualities of the pu-sentsystem of compensation are
continued, and the ieduction does not apply to the
compensation which is the most objectionable and
offensive. For instance,to take an extreme case:
the mileage of members is a part of their compen-
sation m fact; yet, under this ninth section it
would not be reduced, because it is not by law a
part of the pay of members; but is considered as
a mode of compensating the expenses of bringing
them heie. So, also, take the case of the allow-
ance for servants, rations, forage, and the like, to
officers of the Army. If this bill passes, the re-
duction will be applied only to the pay proper of
the Army, because that, in legal phraseology, is
the compensation of the oifieers; while the com-
mutation for forage, servants, horses, and the like,
will nut be touched, although it is a part of the pay,
and is so regarded by them.
It is manifest, then, that the bill, as it now
stand«s, is objectionable, and I may further say
that it is unconstitutional. "Ry the Constitution
of the United States we cannot affect the compen-
sation of certain ofliceis of the Government—the
President of the United Slates and the judges of the
courts. Their compensation cannot be changed
during their continuance m office, and this ninth
•section upon its face would be unconstitutional
so far as those officers are concerned. It is true,
in that respect it would be inoperative; but I take
u Congress ought never to pass a law which is
plainly in the face of the Constitution; and this
section ought not to pass unless it is modified so
as to show at least that the law-making power
had in view the provisions of the Constitution
which forbid achange of the compensation of cer-
tain officers.
The objections that 1 have now made to this
section can be met by amendment, and therefore
they are not vital objections. They can be readily
removed by simple amendments, which can extend
this deduction to all the incidental pay, to all the
commutations and allowances, whether in the form
of mileage or for servants or for forage. But, Mr.
President, this reduction does not reach the seat
of the evil. It is in the right direction, and I shall
vote for the bill of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, modified as I have no doubt it will be by the
action of the Senate. But it does not meet the real
difficulty. Under the present laws regulating com-
pensation, there are gross inequalities that 1 need
not even bring before the Senate.
The necessity of a revision is manifest from the
multitude of laws creating existing offices passed
at each session of Congress since the foundation
of the Government. Many of them arc ingrafted
in appropriation bills; are of doubtful construc-
tion; inconsistent with each other. In very many
cases large sums are paid simply upon continu-
ous appropriations without definite legislation.
Officers have been created by resolutions of each
House without the sanction of the other. In many
cases appointments have been made by executive
officers without authority of law, and sanctioned
and continued simply by appropriations. From
this condition of the law, inequality in salaries
existed; and this was made greater by attempts
to equalize them in particular cases.
The pressure upon Congress by interested par-
ties generally induced Congress to increase com-
pensation with the increase of expenses and the
change in the relative value of money and prop-
erty; but corresponding changcs were not made
to meet improved facilities of travel, cheapened
cost of manufactures, transportation, and the like.
New offices have been created as the public ser-
vice demanded, but old offices made sinecures by
time have not been discontinued.
The application of a fixed pro rata reduction to
salaries thus regulated', would certainly not be so
just as a careful reduction upon fixed principles
of compensation. Take the case of suboidinate
clerks and laborers in the Executive Departments
who will be reached by the ninth section of this
bill. Take the laborer who is now receiving but
two dollars a day. You apply this principle of
reduction to that class of laborers and it is oppress-
ive to them, while the same principle applied to
the larger salaries scarcely affects them. When
you touch the pay of the common laborer, you
touch hislife; you touch his means of support; you
take from him that which is necessary to support
and maintain himself and his family; while, when
you touch the larger compensation by a percent-
age, you only remove a few of the luxuries which
he would enjoy. The principle, therefore, is not
a correct one, although probably as a commence-
ment it ought to be adopted.
But, Mr. President, it seems to me that the con-
dition of the times demands that something more
should be done. 'We have to make great sacri-
fices in order to carry on this war. Every man
must feel it. The difficulties of the contest in
which we are engaged are financial rather than
physical. Notwithstanding many disasters, mis-
takes, and delays, the physical power of the Gov-
ernment was never greater, and its ability to sup-
press the rebellion was nevermore manifest than
now. One year ago it had not the physical power
to arrest a citizen openly avowing and practicing
treason here in your presence; and this treason
was openly applauded in the Senate Chamber.
Then one hunched determined men might have
seized this Capitol, the President, the members of
Congress and the Supreme Court, all the visible
emblems of your nationality, and al) the principal
officers of your Government.
The President came here by stealth; he assumed
the functions of his officc in the midst of a hostile
population. 'Ho owed his safety rather to for-
bearance and timidity than any physical power
to defend himself. When the war commenced by
the bombardment of Fort Sumter, and its echoes
aroused a groat nation, we had nophysical power.
We had no army, no navy. The irregular militia
