1862.]
37th <Jo:x(j....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
Confiscation of liebel Property—Mr. Sheffield.
Ho. OF Beps.
family is to be stripped of cverv farthinsj which
it inuy have. It goes upon the principle—
k' 1 ake ail; eursc a!); show pitv to none.
JSiu tCMi tho tarnished flesh trom the bone !"
_ i he other bill proposes to emancipate the slaves
of nil persons who shall willfully engage in rebel-
lion. This is proposed to be done by an act of
Congress. I ask the attention of legal gentlemen
to tins bill for a single moment, it defines the
crime of treason, and provides a punishment for
that offense. It defines the crime of treason sub-
stantially as it is defined in the opinion of the Su-
preme Com t of the United States, in Bollman's
case, as that opinion is embodied m the Commen-
taries of Mr, Justice Story on the Constitution,
and is as follows:
" if war bo actually levied, that is. it' a bodv of men bo
actually assembled lor the pu:po-eoi eileetmg bytoicea
tiea^onablo putpoec, all tlioM* who peifuun anv pan, how-
ever mhiutc. 01 hO'ccvcr remote fyotn the scene oj action*, and
who are .f'tuahj leagued ni the geneiaf eou^piiacy, are to
bu consideied a-s riaitoi&.'5
Now, Mr. Speaker, this bill defines the crime of
trenson, and provides a pumshmnntfor it, to wit:
the emancipation of slaves. 1 submit that by
L-veiy mle of construction it repeals all other ex-
isting laws punishing that crime, and if you pass
this bill in its present form, you will have no pun-
ishment for treason except simply the emanci-
pation of slaves. I am not willing to go to that
extent. It may be said that this act may bo
amended. So it may. But I am speaking of it
as it now is, to show how crude the measures are
upon which we are called to vote. I have re-
ferred to J.)oilman's case also for the purpose of
meeting a suggestion made last m°ht by the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky, [Mi. Mnxzir.s] Unit no
person can be indicted for lte;tson unie^; ho has
actually levied war. Umkr ilie mohonlv of the
law, ns it is there set out, a man in New Orl< nns
may be guilty of levying war in Western Virgin'a;
a man m Savannah may be guilty of levying war
in Kentucky, because he is in the conspiracy
which levies wai m Virginia or in Kentucky.
These measures are sought to be sustained on
several grounds. Says the gentleman fiom Ohio,
jMr. Bingham,] the power to pass them is to be
inferred, because we have the power to levy taxes
and to raise, armies.
It is said, again, that Congress has the power
to obliterate the States where tho rebellion js dom-
inant, and to legislate for those States without
refinance to any existing vested rights under the
authority of tho States; that both States and peo-
ple have committed treason, and have thereby
foi feited to the control of Congress all their vested
rights. Beyond that there is an indefinite, float-
ing idea that Congress has the power in time of
war to ovemde the Constitution, and that tho
persons in arms against the Government cannot
claim the benefits of the Constitution.
Before considering the force of the authority to
pass these bills, I propose to consider the author-
ity of the Government to put down the rebellion
ami to punish traitors. Then I propose to ask if
that power is defective, and to see whether these
bills supply any deficiency that may exist in the
present law. The Government of the United
States is >x Government with limited powers. It
is a Government of powers that arc expressed in
the Constitution, or are to be necessarily implied
fi om those which are expressed. Under this Gov-
ernment, there rue rights reserved to the Stale s. In
other words, the people have delegated certain
powers to the General Government; other powers
they have reserved to the States; and if you go
down to the State constitutions, you will find that
there, too, the people have reserved powers to
themselves. Titey have said that they were will-
in to must Confess with certain powers, and
that they were ml willing to trust it with any
powers but such as they have delegated to it in
the Constitution which th^y have formed. 1 ho
powi.uK delegated to the General Government are
distubuted among three departments of the Gov-
ernment. They are so distributed that neither
depattment can come m collision with any other.
If one department can come into collision with
another department, the powers of the Govern-
ment would be in perpetual war, and it would be
impossible to carry on the Government. This
proposition will be conceded.
If the executive power, in prosecuting this war,
had the light to issue tho proclamation promul-
gated by General Fremont in Missouri, or any
partof that proclamation, I ask gentlemen whether
Congress has a concurrent power ? I put thatques-
tion to the nvdent friends of that general on this
floor. I ask them whether, if they vote for this
bill, they do not vote to condemn Fremont, and
to condemn every proclamation which would tend
to confiscate property or to emancipate slaves, that
has been issued by any mditaiy commander? if
this power can he exercised by the legislative de-
partment, then there is a common tenancy of this
power between the legislative and execumo de-
partments of the Government, and its exercise by
the one or the other, or by the one running counter
to the other, would produce perpetual discord, and
might defeat and even destroy the Government.
1 submit that the issuing of any proclamation or
ordei necessary, or deemed necessary by tho Com-
mander-in-Chief in the execution of war, if war-
ranted by the laws of war, is within the control
and authority of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. But i do not, propose to consider that mat-
ter at large now. Tho question is, -what author-
ity does tho Constitution confer on us to put down
this icbellion ? We may punish tiaitois to the
full extent thatour fathers thought safe to net mil
us to punish them under the Constitution and the
laws. It is the duty of the executive department
of the Government to execute the laws. Congiess
has no executive power, unless to punish con-
tempts against its authority and to impede!) offi-
cers for official misconduct. That is the extent of
the executive power of Congress
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, who ad-
dressed the 1 louse so ah} y yesterdav, ] M i. Hi,ah;,]
mlmithd thai ilie laws of nations weic a pari of
ihe iiisiittitions and conferred certain poweis on
win Go\ei nmenl. I marked the well-chos"i) i.oi-
uuugo with uhuh he expo'ssed thai idea, lint
who is to execute the law of nations ? Is it Oon-
giess, or the Piesulent, whose office it is to ex-
ecute laws? The powers of Congiess ure muni-
cipal. Wo may exercise municipal power over
these States when the rebellion is dominant. But
if we transcend that power, the propl" tlieie
will come m and say, kk you appeal to the Con-
stitution against us. We can assetl us beueiits
against you. "We have the sanm right io defend
oui selves in a coui t of justice as any u imin.il has.
Then, you cannot pass any law against me unless
it is warranted by the Constitution. Congress can-
not pass any law against me which is a lull of
attainder in itself, why? Because the Consti-
tution prohibits and restricts you from passimr a
bill of attainder. You cannot take my property
except by due process of Jaw. Because in a
court of law 1 am your peer, though heal 1 met
you upon the battle-field you might have shot me
down by the laws of wai; but here, in a court of
justice, sitting und'T our Constitution, eve:y man
is alike entitled to the benefits of thai Constitu-
tion, and the whole power of your armies cannot
deny me this right." The accused traitors, then,
have the right to assert the benefits of the Con-
stitution, that right which is gi anted to the mean-
est subject of the Government, and wo cannot,
deny them that right. Tho President oxer ules
the law. lie is the Commandei-m-Chicf of ihe
Army.
Wh-il i.y tho nature of the controversy between
the different sections of tins country? Fn st, it is
icbellion. A rebellion is where a party in a State
seek to throw off the authority of the State. The
rebels are seeking to throw off* the authority of the
Government. They are, therefore, in lebcllion.
But it is more than a rebellion, it is a rebellion
so gigantic, so comprehensive, that it < mbraces a
civjf war. And what is civil war? It is a war
where the parties in conflict arc each contending
for the Government. Here the Fedeial.authority
contending not for the absolute control of the
State governments, but for that limited and qual-
ified control of those governments which will en-
able the Federal authority to fulfill to the States 1
their constitutional guarantees,and therefore it is i
civil war. |
What are the rights under each? What arc the j
lights of both r What is the tight of the parent j
Government m a rebellion ? I quote an author j
who is us distinguished iu hook-making as he is j
in the field. I refer to General Ilalleck's remarks
upon this .subject:
u Mere rebellion*., however, are considered as exceptions
to this mle, aseveiy Government treats those who robe!
against its amhoriiy according to uh own municipal laws,
and without toward to the general rule* of war which in-
tcrnnuoual juu-puidenee Ca.tabiit.hes between sovereign
States." *
A single person who resists the execution of a
single process of the law may be shot down by
the officer, if it is not practicable to otherwise
compel his submission. If a combination of per-
sons conspire together to resist all processes of
law, they are in rebellion, and they may be all shot
down, it necessary, to compel their submission to
the law; m such case, if tho parties are not killed,
t hoy can he punished, after they submit, under and
accouliug to law, but not. otherwise. Then, our
authority to (teat, these rebels would be vei v cir-
cumscribed; but this strife is more than rebellion,
it embraces civil war; and I will not say all, but
many of the rights of general war inuro in cases
of civil war. I (heieforo admit, for the purposes
of the argument, that the rights of general war are
superadded to the municipal rights we have against
the rebels, to treat and punish them as traitors.
What are these rights of general war? They
are fixed by the law of nations, ami are a port of
our Constitution, though tin y may not be modi-
fled without the consent of nations. Congiess
cannot alter or control them. They are beyond
its reach, for they govern all eivih/ed nations, and
Congress cannot legislate hut for one nation. Foi-
st to attempt to change the law of nations would
he to attempt to extend its jurisdiction over al(
Christian nations. The law of nations depends
upon the well-established usages oj nations, and .
thai usage < amiot ho changed but by the consent
ot* t imee whom 11 is tu bind.
The Government,! hen, hm: (he i igh's of general
Wai , a iu! ihe I V< eah-nt executes the Jaws of war
again-,! the lebcls preos-'iyas he executes the
laws of peace in times of peace. These rebels
have a status ns a party to a civil war, and then*
rights and duties are defined by the law of nations.
They have a status in Fngland, Fiance, and in
Spam, The v are tick now led ged by all I hose lia-
j lions os belligerents. And we aie bound to treat
them according lo ihe laws of warunid we com-
pel their submission to our municipal authority.
And it' we inflict upon them cruel, inhuman, and
unusual punishments, such as are not warranted
by the laws of war, it would be tho right Of other
nations who acknowledge them as belligerents,
under the law of nations, to interpose and see that
justice is admmisteied between us and them ac-
cording lo the law of nations.
Then, what do the laws of nations warrant in
cases of tins kind ? Much has been said upon this
subject, and I will ask the Clerk lo lead a few pas-
sages fiom authorities in relation to it. The book
to which I fust call your attention is one which
has recently received the commendation of the
Premier of England. It is a book which is muse
in ihe pmicipal universities of Groat Britain, and
has been published in one or more of the conti-
nental languages. I call the attention of the House
to it wu!i sonic satisfaction, because its distin-
guished anther was a native of my district, and
its accomplished editor now resides there:
" IJy the modem ti-age ot' nation^, winch has now ac
<jaired the toreeof !<Uv. temples of Kdigmn. public edifuwa
Jcvotcd to < ivil puipo.-e.s onh\ monuments t>! m-t. and ie-
po>atoii<'< of bCiwiC'Oj ate exempted ironi tin; genetal opeiu-
turns of wat.
aPnvate pmpeitv on land is ul o exempt fiom eonft-s-
eation, wuh the < >.ei pi ion o< -ik h <e- m iy become booty m
special ca>es when taken itom enemes- m the field or in
be-tcgf'd tow n«, and or' mihanv conh ibnuoas levied upon
the inhabitant oi the h'Miie'icnuoty. Tlus exemption
extend-, even to the e.i-e of an absolute and unqualified
couquoftot theVnemy's eounuy. In ancient tunes borh
the movable and immovable propeny of tin; vanquished
passed to tin committor- rjuch was,ihe Roman lawot war,
often a-sejfed wuh unrelenting seventy,arid sneh was the
Cite ot the Roman province* subdued by the northern bar-
barians on the decline ami fall of the western empire.
".A laitre portion,irom one totvvothml.c,o!'the JandM>e-
to the vanquished piovincials was confiscated and
paititioned among their conquerors. The fast example iu
Europe ot Mich a Conquest wag that of England, by William
of Nounnndy. Since that period, among the civilized na-
tions of Christendom, conquests, even when eonfamod by
a treaty of peace, have been followed by no general or par-
tial tuuisunutauou of landed pioporty.
'• The property belonging to the Government of the van-
quished nation passes to the victouous State, which ?d-o
takes the place of the former .->overt-ism m re.qx ct to the
