1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Mr. SUMNER. That ought to be remedied
also.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to call the attention of
the Senator who introduced this bill to one thing:
whether it does not allow any person, whether
he be or be not a resident of the District, to vote
at the municipal election in the District in ease
he consents to take this oath. The bill declares
that every person who, during the existence of
the present rebellion, shall offer to vote at any
such election, and who shall be challenged by any
legal voter, &c., shall, before his vote shall be re-
ceived, take an oath which is prescribed in the
bill. The difficulty in my mind is this: whether
if he takes the oath, the officers of the election
will not be compelled to receive his vote as a le-
fal vote, without regard to any otherqualification.
le would be entitled to vote, it strikes me, under
the bill if he takes the oath, for there does not
seem to beany other qualification necessary under
the bill. I suggest, therefore, to add, after the
word "person," in the fifth line, the words "now
a lawful voter," so as to confine this qualifica-
tion to such persons as are now lawful voters. I
merely throw out the suggestion to my fuend
from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose this bill is merely
cumulative, and attaches other qualifications to
those now in existence; but if the Senator from
Michigan thinks it otherwise, out of abundant
caution I am willing to insert after the word
"person" the words " in addition to the qualifi-
cations now required by law."
Mr. HOWARD. That would answer my
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill hav-
ing been three times read, it can only be amended
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CLARK. Before that amendment is in-
serted, I desire to call attention to that same quali-
fication in the ninth line. In that line I find the
■words " in addition to the requirements now estab-
lished by law." It is already in the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not nptice that. It is
not necessary then to amend it.
The bill was passed.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 desiie to call up for con-
sideration House bill No. 2G9, to establish a De-
partment of Agriculture.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
, the bill. It proposes to establish at the seat of
Government of the United States a Department
of Agriculture, the general designs and duties of
which shall be to acquire and to diffuse among the
people of the United States useful information on
subjects connected with agiicultiirc in the most
general and comprehensive sense of that word,
and to procure, propagate, and distribute among
the people new and valuable seeds and plants, ft
authorizes the appointment by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, of
a Commissioner of Agriculture, who shall be the
chief executive officer of the Department of Ag-
riculture, who shall hold his office by a tenure
similar to that of other civil officers appointed by
the President, and shall leceive for his compensa-
tion a salary of $3,000 per annum. The third
section provides that it shall be the duty of the
Commissioner of Agriculture to arquirc and pre-
serve in his Department all information concern-
ing agriculture which lie can obtain by means of
books and correspondence and by practical and
scientific experiments, (accurate records of which
experiments shall be keptm Ins office,) by the col-
lection of statistics and by any other appropriate
means within bis power; to collect, as he may lie
able, new and valuable seedsnnd plants; to test, by
cultivation, the value ofsuch oft hem as may requii c
such tests; to propagate such as may be worthy
ot propagation, and to distribute them anion:? ag-
riculturists, ^ He shall annually make a goners!
report in writing ot his acts to the President, in
which he may lecommend the publication of pa-
pers forming parts of or accompanying his report,
which report shall also contain an account of a!i
moneys received and expended by him. He shall
also make special reports on particular subjects
whenever required to do so by the President or
either House of Congress, or when he shall think
the subject in his charge requires it. He shall re-
ceive and have charge of all the property of the
agricultural division of the Patent Office in the
Department of the Interior. He shall direct and
superintend the expenditure of all money appro-
priated by Congress to the Department, and render
accounts thereof, and also of all money hereto-
fore appropriated for agriculture and remaining
unexpended. He may send and receive through
the mails, free of charge, all communications and
other matter pertaining to the business of his
Department not exceeding in weight thirty-two
ounces. The Commissioner of Agriculture is to
appoint a chief clerk, with a salary of $2,000, and
such other employes as Congress may from time
to time provide, with salaries corresponding to the
salaries of similar officers in other Departments of
the Government; and he shall, as Congress may
from time to time provide, employ other persons,
for such time as their services may be needed, in-
cluding chemists, botanists, entomologists, and
other persons skilled in the natural sciences per-
taining to agriculture.
The Committee on Patents and the PatentOffice
reported the bill with various amendments. The
first amendment of the committee was, after line
twenty-one of the third section, to insert the words
" including the fixtures and property of the prop-
agating- garden;" so that the clause will read:
lie shall receive anil have chmgc of all the property of
the agricultural division of the Patent Office in the Depart
ment of the Interior, including the fixtures and piopeity of
the piopagatmg garden.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section four, line three, (o strike out the word
" and," and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Who, in all eases during the necessary absence of the
Oomrntssionei, ot when the said puneipal office shall he-
come vacant, shall petfoim the duties of Commissionei,
and he shall appoint."
So that the section will read:
Sec. 4. *dndhe it further enacted, That the Commissionci
of Agriculture shall appoint a chief cleik, with a salary of
ft-,000, who, m all cases dunng the necessary alienee of
the Commissioner, 01 when the said principal office shall
become vacant, shall perforin the dunes of Commissioner,
and he shall appoint such other employes as Congress may
from time to time piovide, with salaries corresponding to
the salaries of similar ofiiccrs in other Depaitmenis ot the
Government, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of section four the following:
And (he said Commissioner, and every other person to he
appointed in the said Department, shall, betoie he enteis
j upon the duties of lu-« ofheo oi appointment, make oath 01
ailinnation ti uly and faith fully to execute the tiu>t commit-
ted to him. And the said Commissionei and the chief clei k
shall bwt/ie entering upon their duties, severally give
bond" with sureties to tin* Tica-uiei of the United Suites,
the lormei m the «um of .-510,000, and the latter in the sum
of tf5,<)00, with conditions to tender a true and faithful
account to him, 01 his successor in office, qnai terl>, of all
moneys wliith shall be by them lespcctively leceived by
vutuc of the said office.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to amend the latter
part of that amendment by striking out all after
the word st him," at the end of the first sentence
and insert:
And the said Comnu^ionerand the chief cleik shall also,
helme cnteung upon their duties, sevetally give bonds to
the Tiea-auer ol the United States, the fotmer m the sum
of $10,000, and the latter m the sum of $5,000, conditioned
to rendei a tiue and faithful account to him oi hi- successor
m olliee, qu.titer ycailv, of all money* whieh shall be by
them icecived by vmueof the said office, with sureties, to
be appioved as sufliecnt b> (he Soljeitoi of the Treasii'iy,
winch bond* <«hall be filed in the office of the First Comp-
troller of the Trea-urj, to be by him put m suit upon any
breach of the conditions thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agicod to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of this hill, and insert
the bill introduced by me—Senate hill No. 249.
Mr. SUMMONS. " I was going to explain the
nature of this bill hufoie any further amendment
was off'-red. Tin. oommittec have £(>t through
with then* amendments. If the Scnatoi desires
to add less the Senate before I do that, he can
do so.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir; I will wait with
pleasure.
Mr. SIMMONS. This bill simply detaches
the agricultural portion of the business of the
Patent Oflico from the Interior Depaitmenf, and
makes it an independent Departnn tif It has been
applied for foi the last ten years. Th" hill does
II not appiopriate an additional dnliai. It js bjrupiy
a compliment to the great leading interest of in-
dustry, who have been desirous of having some
recognition by the Government of their peculiar
pursuit. Hitherto they have been represented by
standing committees of both Houses; but, from
some unknown cause, a few years ago, the Sen-
ate thought that interest unworthy of recognition,
even so far as to have a standing committee to
consider its applications. I make no complaint
of that; I only have to say that I consider this
bill as merely a compliment. I cannot for my
life see why the business cannot be done as well
detached from the PatentOffice as under the con-
trol of the Commissioner of Patents. It does not
seem to have any kind of relation to the bureau
where it is now placed.- I have been connected
with an agricultuial society for forty-odd years—
we have but one in our State—and I have had
some acquaintance with public business for nearly
as long, and I know of no interest in the country,
large or small, that has ever asked so little of
Government, and received so little, as this lead-
ing one that constitutes the pillar of the national
strength—agriculture. I trust the Senate will now
give them this little boon, if for nothing else,
merely to gratify their pride.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Indiana will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That theie is hereby established at the seat of Govern-
ment of the United States a Depaitmeut of Agueulture, the
genetal de-urns and duties of whieh shall be toacquhe and
to diffuse among the people ot the United States useful in-
clination on ^objects connected with agriculture in the
mo-t gcnetal and compiehen&ive sense of that woid, and
to piocuie, piopagate, and distubute among the people new
and valuable seed1? and plants.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he itfiuthcr enacted, That theie shall he ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent ot the Senate, a Commissioner ot Agriculture, who
shall be the chief executive officer of the Depaitment of
Agueulture, who shall hold ins office by a tenure similar
to that of other civil officer appointed by the President,
and who shall reccive for his compensation a salary of
$5,000 per annum.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be. it further e?irtcte<7,Tlmt theie shall be in the
said Department of Agueulture tour chiefs or heads ol bu-
ieau-,vvho shall be appointed by the Piestdent of the Unite#
States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate
thereof; and the title-, of the said bureaus shall be as lol-
luws: 1. Buieau of Science and Practice of Agncuiluie.
2. lUiteau of Natural History connected with Agueulture.
lUuean of Agrieultutal Chenii-ti). 4. iJuieau of Agri-
cultural Mechanic-, Manutaetuies, (.'ommeice, and Statis-
tics And the seveiul subject herein assigned to the '-aid
bureaus in the titles, thereof shall be under the special caie
and management of the ehiels ot .-aid buieaus, subject al-
wu\->io (he (emulations that iii.iv be i«-tied fiom time to
time by the Sect clary foi the said Department, and to such
laws as may establish and regulate the duties to be per-
lormed by the chiefs of said buieaus.
-4. v'iu'Z be it fait her enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Comim-sioner of Agriculture to acquire and preserve
m Ins Department all inlormatton concerning agriculture
which he can obtain by means of books and correspondence,
and by piactical uiul scientific experiments, (accurate rec-
ords of winch expeiiments shall be kept m his office,) by
the collection of statistics, and by any other appropriate
mean's within hi- power; to collcct, as he may be able, new
and valuable seeds and plants; to test, by cultivation and
acclimatization, the value ofsuch ot them as may require
such tests ; to propagate such as may be woittiy of propa-
gation, and distribute them among agriculturists. He shall
annuallv make a general repoit m wntinsr to the Congress
of the United States, which leport shall contain: First,
tiic transactions of the scveial brn cutis of the Department.
Second, an account of the condition and progress of agri-
culture throughout tiie United States. Thud, original es-
says on piactical agi icultuie and cognate branches of indus-
tiy. Fouith, a statement of receipts and disbursements of
the moneys appropriated for the Department, fie shall also
make special reports on particular subjects whenever re-
turned todo-ii b\ Congress, 01 when he shall think thesub-
jectitihi* charge inquires it. Me Mrnll receive and have
chaise of all the propeity now in the agricultural division
of the latent Ofhee, m the Department of the luterioi, and
shall annually make addition-, by purchase or otherwise,
to the hbraiy and other piopeity, or apparatus requisite to
consummate in a piopei manner the intentions ot this net.
lie shall direct and sttpei intend the expenditure of all money
appropi l.itcil by Congies*? to the Depai tment, and i en dor ac-
counts theicof, and also of all money heretofore apptopri-
ated lor agriculture and remaining unexpended. He Uiall
have authonty to send and receive tbiongh the mail*, fiee
oi enaige, all communications and othei matter pel taming
to the business ot in- Department not exceeding in weight
!h'it\-two ounce- m an\ one package or paicei.
S lv ,Snd l-e ~d fiii Ihcr enacted. 'I'hat ttie Commissioner
o'" Agiieulrure shall appoint such other employes as Ctfii-
g;e-« ma\ fmm time j<> time piovide, with salaries coire-
sponduig !" -al.uje- ot s/nul.ii olhceis in other Depart-
ment- ol the t!o\ .'i rni'-nt.
Si <• fi. sine be it tin ther enacted. That this act shall take
and be in nicer hotn and aftct the 1-t day ot July, i«62.
Mi. WlilOIJT. Mr. President, another bill
h.is been introduced by the Senator fiom Con-
necticut [Mr. Komt.kJ that embraces u bureau of
&taiii>iics. Now , what I have to *<iy to the Sen-
