2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
. me, I will move to amend the amendment by in-
serting afterthe word "permit" the words" within
six months after such release from arrest."
Mr. BLAIE, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will fix it at twelve months, I will not object to it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will so modify my amend-
ment.
The amendment to theamendment, as modified,
was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
" Eleventh amendment: '
Strike out the fourteenth section, as follows:
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever the
name of any officer ot the Array or marine corps now in
the service, or who may hereafter be in the service of the
United States, shall have been borne on the Army Register
or on the Navy Register forty-five years, or shall be of the
age of sixty-two years, he shall be retired fiom active ser-
vice, and his name entered on the retired list of officers of
the grade to which lie belonged at the time of such retire-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to make a
single explanation about this amendment, for it is
a very important one. It makes our legislation
in regard to the Army agree with what has al-
ready passed both Houses of Congress in regard
to the Navy, requiring that after an officer shall
have served for a certain length of time he shall
be retired. I desire to make an explanation of
the action of the Military Committee in regard to
this section. The committee were equally divided
in regard to striking out the section, but it was
agreed that the amendment should be reported to
the Housevwith this explanation, inasmuch as by
no other means could the amendment come regu-
larly before the House. If the section, as passed
by the Senate, be retained, it will retire every offi-
cer from the service whose name shall have been
for forty-five years upon the Army Register, or
who has reached sixty-two years of age.
The sixteenth section of the bill, which the
committee report in favor of striking out, if this
section be stricken out, permits any such officer
to be renominated by the President. The two
sections should, therefore, go together; if one is
stricken out the other should be stricken out; if
one is retained the oilier should be retained.
.Mr. WICKLIFF.E. I understand that this sec-
tion proposes to strike from the Army roll all
who arrive at the age of sixty-two. Now, I am
not one of those who believe that a man loses his
senses or his physical powers at that period of
life; otherwise 1 should have been unfitted for
public duty twenty years ago. [Laughter.] I
do hope this section will be stricken out. It is a
most unreasonable policy to proscribe a man be-
cause God has prolonged his life. A man may
be over that age, and yet a very good officer. I
recollect very well very many such in the war
of 1812. There was old Governor Shelby, who
commanded us, who was long past the age here
proposed, and yet he was a most efficient officer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The next section
of the bill authorizes the President to assign any
officer who has been retired under this act to any
duty, and the officer then receives the full pay and
emoluments of his rank. It would be most extraor-
dinary that an officer should remain in the ser-
vice for forty years and in all that time his merits
were not well enough known by the President to
induce him to assign him to a post. This estab-
lishes a rule—I presume that it is the best rule
that we can adopt. Instead of having boards to
retire officers this fixes a specific age, and it re-
quires the President, in his discretion, to assign
him to duty as is provided for by the next sectioli.
If an officer has been in the service for forty years
there must be something which in ail that time
caused him to be overlooked. We have passed
the same law for the Navy. Naval officers have
been retired under a similar provision, and after
the same length of service; and if there is any-
thing in the results of this war, anything in the
achievements ot our Navy during this war which
seems to commend the ability of the head of the
Navy Department, it is this very measure which
he suggested, of retiring officers after a certain
length of service.
Mr. HU1CHINS. Does this provision take
effect immediately after its passage?
ftr"'' fJrrrou°/^lssoun 1 thmk il does
Mr. HUTCHINS. Then I am for it
„ Mr:hMfP1GHT- Mr. Speaker, i'do hope
that the House wi,l consent to adopt the same
rule in legcuu to the Army that h&s worked so
well for the naval service of the country. From
what I have seen of military matters within the
past few weeks, I am convinced that the Govern-
ment ought to retire from the public service the
old fogy, effete men, who now so much, I think,
retard the operations of our Army. There is no
doubt that you ought to have their heads stricken
off at once. It has been done in the Navy, and
it ought to be.done in the military department of
the Government. We ought not to have presid-
ing over the bureaus of the Departments old men
who go on just in the same way as when our
Army consisted of only seventeen thousand men.
I will take one instance. I understand that the
list of medicines provided for the Army is pre-
cisely what it was twenty or thirty years ago. If
surgeons apply for some medicine in general prac-
tice in their profession at the present day, and
which is the result of modern improvement, they
are informed that it is not down upon the list and
that they cannot get it. We want men in the
medical department of the Army who will keep
up with the advancement of modern science—men
who will cut or untie the red tape by which our
operations seem nowtobeso thoroughly fettered.
We want men who will know what improvements
are made in medicine, and what medicines have
been found in latter days better adapted for the
cure of disease than those formerly used.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would ask my colleague at
what particular age he writes down a man an old
fogy ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. Whenever he does not
keep up with modern improvements and modern
discovery. If the President finds that any one of
these officers who may be retired is valuable to
the Government, he can assign him to duty.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will
read the section to which he refers, whereby the
President may assign these retired officers to duty.
It is as follows:
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he ishert'by, authorized to assign
any officer who may be retired under the preceding section
of this act, or the act of August 3, 1861, to any duty ; and
such officer thus assigned shall receive the full pay and
emoluments of his grade while so employed.
Mr. L0VE.T0Y. 1 hope that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will be careful in his action
here not to include himself in the definition which
he has given of an old fogy. [Laughter.]
The question recurred on striking out the four-
teenth section of the bill; and on a division, there
were—ayes 28, noes 68.
So the section was not stricken out.
Twelfth amendment:
Strike out the following section:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to assign
any officer who may be retired under the preceding section
of this net, or the aforesaid act of August 3, 1861, to any
duty; and such officer thus assigned shall receive the full
pay and emoluments of his grade while so employed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Th is section ought
not to be stricken out.
The amendment of the committee was dis-
agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Strike out the following section:
Skc. J6. Jiml be it further enacted. That hereafter the rate
of mileage of members of Congress shall be jedueed fifty
per cent,, to be computed by the most direct traveled route
nom their places of residence to the seat of Congress, je-
spectivwly. A statement of the mileage of each Senator
shall be certified to the Secietary of the Senate, and of each
Representative and Delegate to the Sergeant-at-Arms of
the Uou-e of Representatives by the Postmaster Gencml,
Wiilun thirty days after the commencement of Hie fin>t ses-
sion of each Congiess: Piovidcd, That until a laihoad is
constructed to the Pacific coast, the mileage of Senators
and Representatives from beyond the Rocky mountains
shall lie computed by the usually tiavoled rout<\
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Committee on
Military Affairs reported in favoi of staking out
that section of the bill for the same reasons to
which I adverted when a previous section was
pending-.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call the attention
of gentlemen to the fact that when the question
was pending to strike out the ninth section of the
bill, which reduced all official salaries, civil, mil-
itary, and naval, the motion was apparent1 / car-
ried, under the impression that there weis other
hills pending which would accomplish <ne same
result. Now, sir, it is proposed to strike out this
section, because it is said that the same purpose
will be better accomplished by some other meas-
ure. I will be greatly obliged if any gentleman
will state what other bill contains those provis-
ions which are proposed to be stricken outofthis
bill. Is there any other bill pending before this
House, or the Senate, which diminishes the salary
of any civil, military, or naval officer, one cent?
I have seen no such bill in the progress of enact-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Thegentleman does
not state me correctly. I do not believe that there
is any measure pending for such legislation, and
I hope that there will not be. I think that this
amendment is J3#y where it is, and that such a
provision will be silly anywhere. I have stated,
and very properly, that a proposition to fix the
mileage to be allowed members of Congress
ought not to be included in a bill relating to the
military service of the Government. If the matter
is to be considered atall, it ought to be considered
in a separate bill. It has no right to be in this
bill, and I hope that the House will strike it out,
and that it will remain stricken out.
Mr. HOLMAN. When the question was pend-
ing which provided that ten per cent, should be
deducted from the salaries of all officers, civil,
military, and naval, I was under the impression
that the gentleman from Missouri asked that that
section should be stricken out, upon the ground
that the same provision was made in another bill
which was pending before the House.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I referred, in what
I said, to the tax bill—the bill to tax all incomes
and salaries, which passed the Senate and the
House. I do not recollect exactly the provisions
of that bill, because I paid very little attention to
it; but that is the bill I had reference to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume that the House
was induced to strike out the section providing
for a deduction of ten per cent, from all salaries,
under the belief that there was some measure
pending which would accomplish the same object.
It was certainly to be expected that Congress, be-
fore the session closed, would mature and pass
some measure making a reasonable reduction from
the very ample salaries now paid to all the officers
of the Government, and which, ample in times ot
peace and general prosperity, when tax bills were
unthought of, are now, in view of the changed
condition of the country, and the burdens which
the nation is compelled to bear, unwarrantably
high.
But it seems now that, with the exception of
the small tax on incomes, affecting alike all citi-
zens, imposed by the general tax bill which we
passed and which has come back to us amended
by the Senate—a tax of three or four per cent,
upon incomes above a certain sum—there is no
proposition pending or likely to be pending be-
fore Congress this session proposing any reduc-
tion whatever of salaries. It is a well known fact,
frequently referred to, that at the July session,
when we first met under the calamities which
were being forced upon us, when every citizen,
whether m public or private life, saw the neces-
sity of reducing the expenses of the Government
and of reducing the salaries of the public officers
to the lowest possible reasonable point of econ-
omy, we raised a joint commission of the two
Houses for the purpose of reducing not only the
salaries, but the number of public officers and
Government employes to the lowest point con-
sistent with sound public policy. And I believe
at the July session the spirit of the whole coun-
try demanded that a most rigid and iron economy
should be resorted to for the purpose of lighten-
ing, as far as possible, the burdens which were
to fall upon the industry and labor of the country.
Various bills were reported to the House and
the Senate by that joint commission at an caily
day of the session, but I believe they have never*"
been taken up and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees or sought to be considered. Those bills
reduced the number of officers of the various De-
partments of the Government and about the Capi-
tol, many of whom are utterly needless,and largely
reduces the rates of compensation, and at this late
day it may be said with reasonable certainty that
neither of those bills will receive the sanction of
Congress and become a law. And I might say—
and I regret to say it, true as it is—that instead
of a reduction—and I make it as an argument
against the proposition of the committee to strike
out this section—that instead of a fair reduction
