668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
the history of the United States for the past twelve months
unfold ? What a striking moral does it not point. Never
before was the world dazzled by a career of more reckless
extravagance. Never before did aflourishingand prosperous
State make such gigantic strides towards effecting its own
ruin."—London £>ost> Januajy 15,1862.
And you have all probably read the recent ex-
tract from the London Times, in which our coun-
try is denounced in the most unmitigated language,
in language that is too offensive to be read in the
Senate. I merely quote these matters to show
you that our financial condition has attracted the
attention of foreign Governments. It is an ele-
ment of weakness, and they count upon it. in all
the political questions that will arise within the
next sixty or ninety days, or the next year. They
look on this vast expenditure as a dangerous ele-
ment, as a weakening element, as a reason why
we cannot succeed in this contest, and as a reason
why they should interfere in it.
Mr. President, I do not wish to be misunder-
stood. I do not show these facts, which arc plain
and palpable on their face, in order to impair our
public credit. What I state to you now is known
to every money-lender in this land. There is not
a banker or a broker that d-oes not know these facts
justas well as Ido. I do not do it for the purpose
of stopping the prosecution of this war. On the
contrary, I would stake the last life, the last dol-
lar, the last man, upon the prosecution of the war.
Indeed I cannot contemplate the condition of my
country if it shall be dissevered and divided.
Take the loyal States as they now stand and look
at the map of the United States, and regard two
hostile confederacies stretching along for thou-
sands of miles across the continent. Do you not
know that the normal condition of such n state of
affairs would be eternal, everlasting war? Two
nations of the same blood, of the same lineage, of
the same spirit, cannot occupy the same comment,
much less standing side by side as rival nations,
dividing rivers and mountains for their boundary.
No, Mr. President, rather than allow this war to
terminate except upon the restoration of the Union
intact in all its breadth and length, I would sacri-
fice the last man and see the country itself sub-
merged.
Rather than yield to traitors or the intervention
of foreign Powers, rather than bequeath to the
next generation a broken Union and an intermin-
able civil war, I would light the torch of fanat-
icism and destroy all that the labor of two gen-
erations has accumulated. Better a desert, and
universal poverty than disunion; better the war of
the French Revolution than an oligarchy founded
upon the labor of slaves. But, sir, there is 110
need of this. The resources, wealth, and labor of
twenty millions of freemen are amply sufficient to
meet not only the physical, but financial difficul-
ties of the war. Thank God! the test to which
all nations in the course of their histoiy aie sub-
jected, is applied to us when we have an insignifi-
cant national debt; when oar resources were never
more manifest; when the loyal States are so thor-
oughly united; when our people are filled with a
generous enthusiasm that will make the loss of
life and burden of taxation easy to bear. If we
conquer a peace by preserving the Union, the
Constitution, our nationality, all our ample Terri-
tories, the rebound of prosperity in this country
will enable a single generation easily to pay the
national debt, even if the war is protracted until
desolation is written upon every rebel hearth-
stone.
I have made these remarks, therefore, not for
the purpose of deterring the prosecution of the
war, but for the purpose of calling the attention of
Congress, of the Senate particularly, to the great
problem before us—how shall we regulate, raise,
limit, apply, expend the vast sums necessary for
the prosecution of the war? I tell you that before
this question all others sink into insignificance.
If you can show me the means by which the pres-
ent expenditure can be maintained by our national
Government, you show me the means to success,
to honor, to glory, to the preservation of the Union
and of our Government. Anything that tends to
impair or affect our financial credit, our financial
ability to carry on the war, is more disastrous
than anything else—even the loss of battles. $
Mr. Piesident, with my view of the importance
of these financial questions, I trust Senatois will
not consider thoir discussion improper; that they
will not consider, when objections are made to
large appropriations, that they are made ill a par-
simonious spirit. Let not persons affected by
these bills feel that they are offered for any un-
worthy design. Let it not be supposed that the
committee framing them was actuated by the
basest of motives—the desire to gain the reputation
of a demagogue. That is not the purpose; but it
is to preserve our national resources for higher
and nobler objects than to feed the idle.
I said before that we must all make sacrifices;
and if this Senate, if this Congress would com-
mcncc with themselves and their employes, and
make sacrifices, they could demand sacrifices from
the officers of the Army and of the Wavy. Con-
gress could then pass the necessary laws securing
retrenchment. If we would imitate the example of
the French Revolution, when nobles and priests
and leaders, men of all grades of society, came
forward and laid upon the altar of their country
their rights and privileges which had been gather-
ing for generations; if we were actuated by that
spirit, it alone would do more to end this war than
the winning of battles.
Mr. President, in my judgment, the only way
by which our finances can be put in a satisfactory
condition is the adoption in proper forms of legis-
lation of three propositions: first, the prompt levy
of a large amount of taxes in the form of internal
duties upon consumption and production rather
than upon persons and property; second, the
prompt revision of all compensation, whoever may
be affected thereby; and, third, the prompt pun-
ishment of every man, high 01- low, who takes or
receives from the public Treasury a single dollar
of money without rendering a true and proper re-
turn. If these measures are adopted and carried
through in a liberal and manly spirit, I believe
that tiie resources of this country are sufficient to
curry on the war, even upon its present magni-
tude, for yenis to come. When you have twenty
millions of people like ours, active, energetic, in-
telligent, educated, every man a machine in him-
self, and when you set all these twenty millions
of people working together for a common cause,
for a noble purpose, there is no such thing as de-
feat. They have pierced mountains; they have
constructed railroads; they have developed this
country in a way that no other generation of men
have ever developed any country, and if you give
them the task of preserving and perpetuating a
glorious Government, if you infuse them with a
noble spirit, or rather if you catch from them the
noble enthusiasm that actuates them, if you will
legislate as they would demand of you, I do not
think there is any doubt that the finances of our
Government can bo put upon a fair basis.
The remarkable spectacle is presented now in
this country, that while we are sitting here, the
people everywhere are demanding taxation. There
is scarcely a poor farmer in the country 111 which
I live who delves away during along yearofliard
labor for five 01- six hundred dollars, but what is
willing to be taxed. It is the first time I believe in
the history of any country that the people were
demanding taxation and the Legislature delaying
it. If Pitt, in his times of peril and of trial, had
been met by the same spirit of the English people,
would he have desponded ? Our people demand
taxation; they have the lesources, the country,
the ability, the means to pay taxation. I do not
now intend to discuss this matter of taxation; I
shall piobably at some future time have occasion
to refer to the sources and means of taxation. The
Constitution of the United States, I think wisely
enough, has intrusted to the direct representatives
of the people this question. They are now ma-
turing their bills, and will send them to us in due
time. ! will not anticipate their action. I have
110 doubt it in the main will be wise; but while
they are acting, we can still perform the other
branches of this financial scheme. We must re-
vise, systematize, and regulate the expenditures
of the Government upon a different basis than that
now authorized by law.
Mr. President, it was actuated by this spirit
that the committee 011 compensation and expend-
itures framed certain bills. It was ail invidious
task, a task that I hope never to have put upon
me again. It was a task that in its execution com-
pelled us to etfect the private interests of every
person who was performing duties for the Gov-
ernment.
It 13 easy to say that all useless offices should
be dispensed with, and that every salary should
be reduced to the lowest rate that will secure com-
petent services; but it is very difficult to apply
these axioms to particular cases. It is impossible
to frame a system of compensation that will es-
cape plausible criticism. A multitude of officers
must be embraced in one bill; and as there can be
no fixed standard of compensation, every officer
affected will think he is unjustly dealt by, and
some other officer not reduced enough. It is nat-
ural for every man to magnify his own position.
It is impossible to satisfy the holder of a nominal
or sinecure office that he can be dispensed with.
It is impossible to convince a messenger, clerk, or
other employe of the Government that he should
not receive more than a person rendering similar
services in private life, or that he ought to work
the same number of hours a day.
The character of the services required of the
committee, while demanded by the most pressing
and imperative public necessity, are unpleasant,
invidious, disagreeable. They require us to affect
the pay of thousands of persons, uf families, of
friends, of new associates, of those with whom
we are brought in daily contact, and for whom
we feel the highest respect, and in some cases
especially, where officers are dispensed with, the
very means of sustaining life.
Besides, we know very well that the officers
of the Army and Navy have based their social
habits somewhat upon their salaries; and, there-
fore, when you touch their compensation, you
touch their social life; you touch their plans for the
education of their children; you touch their plans
for the purchase and acquirement of property.
Ten years ago the pay of the officers of the Army
and Navy was far less than we propose to allow
them now, and yet they got along very respect-
ably. Now, since they have been increased, they
have made new arrangements. I feel the force of
this. It has been put to me in such a way that I
cannot help feeling it. I know that this proposed
reduction will work inconvenience to everybody
whom it affects. It will to ourselves; it will to
those around us; it will to those immediately
within our sight. But we cannot levy the enor-
mous taxation upon our people that is demanded
by the times unless we ourselves are willing to
bear these sacrifices
When the committee took up the question of re-
duction, the first subject that was presented to us
was that relating to Congress; it was impossible
for us to reduce the pay of the Army and Navy
without affecting the compensation of members of
Congress. If we had passed over the pay and ex-
penses of Congress, and reported a bill merely
reducing the pay of the officers of the Army and
Navy, how invidious it would have been. It would
have been said, " these men, who are living in ease
and comfort and luxury in Washington, are will-
ing to receive their salaries, but they want to affect
the salaries and compensation of those who are
risking life, everything, in the service of their
country."
Therefore it was indispensable that we should
take up and act upon a bill relating to ourselves.
I11 the bill that the committee proposed we did
adopt various important amendments. The first
question that presented itself was the question of
mileage. I know how that is regarded. The Sen-
ators from the Pacific coast especially feel that it
is unjust to them that they should be put upon the
same rule as to mileage with members near by.
(Jndcr the present system, a member living in
Maryland receives about §3,030 a year, while a
member fiom California receives nearly $10,000
a year—between eight and ten thousand dollars.
A member living in Iowa or in Ohio, where every-
thing is cheaper, receives a considerable sum more
per annum than a member living in the city of
Baltimore or Philadelphia or New York. This
is manifestly unjust. Although I am as fond of
these perquisites as anybody can be, although I
have a seat here probably for as long a time as
any one elcctcd, being among the latest elected,
yet I certainly cannot resist the demand that is
made upon me to surrender at least this unequal
and unjust discrimination in my favor, while I am
demanding sacrifices of others. So with the offi-
cers of the House and Senate; they are kept here
only three 01" four or five months a year; they
now receive large salaries, and ill time of peace
and quiet I would not disturb them. They are
all my friends, associates: men whom I respect,
whom I would do anything for. In a time of peace
1 never would think of affecting their compensa-
