1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
2651
of either officers or salaries, both of which had
grown into luxuriant extravagance in times of
extreme prosperity, scarcely a day passes over
our head in which some new office is not created
or some salary increased beyond what existed
when this Congress came into existence. It is a
startling fact, and there is no use in attempting to
conceal it. No gentleman within the sound of
my voice will question the truth of it. Our extrav-
agance increases as the burdens of the nation are
increased. Instead of the offices being diminished,
they have steadily increased. No less than four
new offices have been created within the last five
hours of the present session of the House. There
has scarcely been an office brought to the atten-
tion of Congress by any Department of the Gov-
ernment the salary of which has not absolutely
been increased.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Has not
the state of the country been such as to require
such an increase ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that is true in refer-
ence to the Army and the Navy, but not so far as
the civil Departments of the Government are con-
cerned. So far from the state of the country re-
quiring an increase of officers and salaries of the
other Departments, except in clerkships in the
Treasury, there might have been very properly,
without impairing any public service, a large re-
duction of the number, and a reduction in the
compensation, for the labor of the other Depart-
ments have been actually largely suspended by
the war.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask my friend
whether he proposes to refund his mileage ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly not; but 1 propose
to remove the temptation of my fiiend from Ten-
nessee and myself; for as long as the Government
in its extreme liberality holds out the inducement
to members of Congress, or to any other citizen,
of receiving a compensation for services, whether
reasonable or not, as a matter of course, it will be
received. But I am surprised that so clear-headed
a gentleman as the gentleman from Tennessee
should suggest, asan argument againsta measure
of reform, the fact that members of Congress re-
ceive that compensation which is authorized by
law. It is to change the law and diminish the
compensation that I am in favor of.
I will say in addition that the only tangible prop-
osition ponding to economize and reform the ex-
penses of this Government is the section now
before the House, which proposes to reduce the
mileage of members of Congress fifty per cent. It
is a well known fact that when the present rate of
mileage—eightdollars for every forty miles—was
established, the pay of members of Congress was
much lower than it is at this time—certainly not
one half the present rate; the expenses of travel
were much greater; members reached the capital
by the old and expensive mode of transportation
with their families, and might well require the
rates then provided by law. But with the ample
salary now received by members of Congress, I
see no reason why this additional item of mileage
should be added. On the contrary, I think it is
just to the people, and just to ourselves, that when
we legislateaboutmileage we should approximate
as near as may be to the reasonable and fair and
actual expenses of travel.
As a member of Congress, desiring that my
constituents should know exactly what I do re-
ceive for my services, and being opposed to any-
thing like concealment in matters pertaining to
public trusts, I would rather vote out and out to
increase the salary of members of Congress to
$4,000 a year, than by the use of vague terms,
and under the term mileage, receive an additional
compensation not apparent to the people. But
this is hot mileage, but an actual mode of com-
pensation, and varies from five dollars to six
thousand dollars per annum. We ought to be
fair and just about this matter. Let us fix the
salary at what our judgment says it should be,
and let us fix the mileage at a sum corresponding
with its name—the reasonable and fair expense of
travel. Let it be actually mileage, and not com-
pensation. Let it approach somewhat to the cost
of that for which it is proposed as a compensa-
tl0Imismuch as this is the only bill pending at this I
late day of the session, proposing retrenchment,
I hope it at least will receive some consideration
at the hands of the House, though I admit it is
apparently time misemployed which is devoted to
any measure of reform.
Mr. McKNIGHT. The gentlemen from Indi-
ana has succeeded in framing a bill of indictment
against' the House with numerous counts; but I
doubt very much whether they will bear investi-
gation , especially those parts relating to economy
and a reduction of expenditures. Several bills to
accomplish those objects have been reported to
the House and the Senate, and they are on the
Calendar. I do not know that they have been re-
ferred to regular committees. I do not apprehend
that they need reference at all. They can be
taken up in order. One of the bills now on the
Calendar is to reduce the mileage of members to
fifteen or twenty cents per mile. I think it ought
to be twenty cents. I am ready and anxious to
vote for that reduction. I trust that the bill will
be taken and acted on before the session closes.
I do not know what authority the gentleman from
Indiana has for saying that it will not be acted on.
I trust that before Congress adjourns the expenses
will be reduced very materially. There are also
two or three bills on the files of the Senate which
I trust will be acted upon there, and come to the
House for action. I trust that when they do come
here the gentleman from Indiana will be found
giving his practical aid and experience in carry-
ing out these measures. When they are reached
in their proper order, I will bo ready and anxious
to act upon them. I do not think that the gentle-
man should make a statement that we are not
making efforts to reduce expenditures. When
we have such bills, after legislation of a more im-
portant character is disposed of, we expect to
take up these measures, and act upon them seri-
atim.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question on the pending amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 11,
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 4th in-
stant, calling for information in relation to the
testing of an improvement in building ships of war
by Maitin Bishop, of Indiana; which, on motion
of Mr. Wright, was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, yesterday received from
the House of Representatives, were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 515) to provide for the appointment
of an Indian agent in Colorado Territory ; and
A bill (No. 516) to provide for the appointment
of Indian agents in New Mexico.
PROTECTION OF CIVILIZED INDIANS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 302) to protect the property of Indians
who have adopted the habits of civilized life,
which was, in line six, to strike out the words
" apply to have," and to insert the words " have
had;" so that it will read:
Whenever any Indian, being a member of any band or
tribe with whom the Government has or shall have entered
into treaty stipulations, being dcslrom to adoiit the habits of
eivilizcd life, shall have had a portion of land allotted,. &e
The amendment was concurred in.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Clayton county, Iowa, praying for the con-
struction of a ship canal between Lake Michigan
and the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WADE presented papers to accompany
the memorial of the citizens of the Territory of
Utah, by their delegates in con vention assembled,
raying the admission of that Territory into the
nion as a free and sovereign State, under the
name and style of the State of Deseret-, which
were referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. HALE presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Albert Brown; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it^was
Ordered, That the memorial of Mrs. E. A. H. Adams,
George M. Thompson, and Thomas H. Green, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee ou Claims.
Mr. KING. I offer the following order, and
ask for its adoption:
Ordered, That Edward Merritt have leave to withdraw
Ills petition and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been
any adverse report?
Mr. KING. The Clerk informs me that there
has been an adverse report, but it has never been
acted on by the Senate.
The order was adopted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
334) to amend an act entitled " An act in addition
to the act entitled ' An act for the punishment
of certain crimes against the United States,'"
approved March 26, 1804, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 371) to prescribe
an oath of office, and for other purposes, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom w s referred the bill (S. No.
314) for the relief of theWyandotte Indians, agree-
ably to certain treaty stipulations, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
[ Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a commu-
nication of the Secretaiy of the Interior, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 29th ulti-
mo transmitting copies of the reports of W. H.
Walsh and William H. Coombs, in relation to
the half-breed Kaw lands in the Slate of Kansas,
reported that.it be printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. STARK, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
274) to pay B. Y. Shelley for his claim and im-
provements taken from him by the Omaha reser-
vation in the Territory of Nebraska, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
200) to establish provisional governments in cer-
tain cases, reported it with amendments.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
287) supplementary to an act for the examination
of drugs, medicines, &c., approved the 26th day
of June, A. D. 1848, reported it adversely.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POWELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
347) to provide the means and mode of taking evi-
dence in support of claims, in certain cases, against
the Government; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordeied to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
348) for the better government of the Navy of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President this day approved -and signed
an act (S. No. 265) to incorporate the Mount
Olivet Cemetery Company m the District of
Columbia.
SENATORS FROM DESERET.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That Georjrc K. Cannon and William H.
Hooper, claiming seats asSenatois fronithoso-calJecl State
of Deseiet, asking admission into the Union, be admitted
on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
Mr. LATHAM. Is the motion I made yes-
terday in order to-day ?
