1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
tion; but they ought to be affected now, simply
because tliey are performing comparatively easy,
safe duty here during a short portion of the year.
They ought to be content to receive less, simply
because their services are not worth more to the
Government than the amount proposed to be paid.
The vast number of employes about Congress
ought to be reduced. While all those little things
exist—they are little because they do not amount
to much in the aggregate—the people will never
believe that we arc in earnest in making reforms.
But 1 am asked, " why do not you reduce the
compensation of members of Congress?" I will
state why. Thecompensation of membersof Con-
gress—$3,000 a year—is probably not as much as
most of those who are around me, and most of
those in the other House would rcceive if they were
at home; but that is not my answer. I did expect
p. reduction. There was a difference of opinion
in the committee as to whether a reduction should
be reported; but it was believed on the whole bet-
ter to leave that question to Congress, who could
not make much progress in reducing the salary
of other people unless they cut down their own.
The bill I reported cut off all the perquisites—
most of the mileage, stationery, &c. There are
many items that will never bear examination. We
remove all these, leaving to the patriotism of Con-
gress the propriety of a reduction of compensa-
tion of members. Sir, if Congress would now, in
this or any other bill, surrender as much of their
compensation as they could probably bear, it
would do more to give confidence, tone, and pa-
triotic fervor to the people of this country than
any act which could be done; and I do hope this
will be done yet by the present Congress.
In regard to the pay of the Army. The present
pay is based on an organization of nineteen thou-
sand men, an army in which a man might, after
forty years' patient toil, after forty years' hard
work in the wilderness, possibly hope to arrive at
the grade and wear the eagle of a colonel. That
was the most he could expect, and then he would
receive the pay of §230 a month, together with an
allowance for quarters and fuel, making lus pay
altogether about three thousand dollars a year.
That was not too much for an officer who had been
educated, who had worked forty years to gam
that promotion; who had spent most of his time
away from his family in the western plains; who
had performed all the services required of an of-
ficer of the old regular Army. By this time he
must have reached the age of sixty years, because
very few of our colonels became so before they
were sixty years of age. The old compensation
under the old organization was not too much. But,
now, when you have improvised an army of half
a million of men, when you have called from the
ranks of private life patriotic men who have vol-
unteered for their country, in many cases without
any regard to the pay, and when you propose to
pay all these officers the high rates allowed to the
old, petted, favored Army, you impose upon the
people a burden that they will not cheerfully bear.
You take from civil life men who never could hope
there to earn any such salary, whose neighbors do
not earn that much. You give them rank, posi-
tion, and pay which in civil life they could not
hope to get. I know some officers of the Attny
complain about the proposed reduction. They
say they have gone into the service with the ex-
pectation of receiving the amount now fixed by
law, and that it is very hard to curtail them. But
they should be willing to bear their share of the
burden. It is right always to regulate public com-
pensation by the condition of the country, by its
wants, by its necessities; and I believe that the
great body of these patriotic men would be very
willing to receive a less salary, if a just measure
of reduction is applied to all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon the Chair. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the special order of the day now comes
UP-
Mr, CLARK. I hope the special older will be
postponed, and the Senator allowed to proceed.
Mr. COLLAMER. i inquire of the Chair what
is the special order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special aider ;
is the motion to refer the Ptesident's message
transmitting correspondence between the Secre-
tary of State and the authorities of Great Britain !
and France in relation to the recent removal of j
certain citizens from the British mail steamer i
Trent. The Senator from New Hampshire moves
to postpone all prior orders for the purpose of
proceeding with the question before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to say, Mr.
President, that while I did hear complaints from a
few officers of the Army as to the proposed reduc-
tion, yet from many officers of the Army whose
names it would give me pleasure to mention,
among the ablest, the most patriotic, the most gal-
lant, the most brave, and the most chivalrous of
our officers, I have received letters announcing
their hearty approbation of the measure. They
have said they were willing to receive less—offi-
cers taken from private life and officers from the
regular Army—and I believe that is the spirit that
actuates the Army. It would not do to apply this
reduction to the private soldier for this simple rea-
son: the private soldier is enlisted at a particular
price; he cannot resign; he must serve the term of
his enlistment, whether Congress gives him pay
or not. That is the condition of his enlistment;
but an officer can resign; and I would be very glad
to accept the resignation of any officer who would
not in this time of peiil and trial be willing to re-
ceive what is considered by Congress a fair, hon-
est compensation for his services. The pay of
the private soldier should not be affected, espe-
cially when you remember that the pay of the
private soldier is but thirteen dollars a month,
while the pay of a colonel is nearly $250 a month.
The idea of reducing the pay of the private soldier,
as the original bill of the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposed, would be totally unjust. The re-
duction ought to be applied only to the officers,
who are best able to bear it.
Nor have the committee on compensation en-
deavored to be unfair to these officers. On the con-
trary we have allowed them a liberal compensa-
tion. The second section of the bill was simply
reported for the judgment of the Senate and was
not intended to be insisted upon. The pay allowed
by the first section is, I think, sufficient for any
officer of the grade. It gives to a colonel $200 a
month; to a lieutenant colonel $180 a month; to a
major $150 a month, and to a captain $120 a month.
It docs notaffcct very material] y the pay of colonels
and captains, they being the important officers al-
ways to a command; but it does very much reduce
the pay of the subordinate officers who have no re-
sponsibility; such as the lieutenant colonel, the
major, the first and second lieutenants. Their
pay is very materially reduced.
Again: the bill proposes to remove ail discrim-
ination between the line and the staff officuiH. Un-
der the picsent system an officer who has a quiet
duty m the city of Washington receives commu-
tation for quarters, fuel, and perquisites, so that
his salary is much more than the officer who is in
the face of the enemy. I have a letter here from
one of the most gallant officers in the Army—I
will not mention his name—in which he says that
now with his promotion he receives about the same
he did when he was serving in an easy place about
Washington. It will be seen, thercFuie, that un-
der the present laws a discrimination m made in
favor of those who occupy staff positions against
the officer of the line who risks his iife in the ser-
vice of his country. Why, sir, it is hard to com-
pute and hard to tell what is now paid to our higher
officers. I ask the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affaiis if he can tell me how much is now
paid per annum to the Adjutant General and the
Uuartermaster General under the present law? No,
sir; he cannot. lie would have to go through a
sum in compound equations; he would have to go
to work to compute the pay, then the rations, then
the servants, then the horses, the quarters, then
the fuel, then the lights, then the travel; and even
then he could not tell. AVhy, sir, a paymaster
who is taken from civil life, and who receives
the pay of a major of cavalry—those words excite
my suspicion whenever 1 see them—in addition
to what I have mentioned, gets his traveling ex-
penses, and those tiaveimg expenses alone are a
sufficient salaiy, if they have very much to do;
most, if not alt of them, have clerks besides to do
their duties. I call the attention of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to the fact that we have a
great number of those officers. I have letters from
paymasters m which they say they can easily pay
five or six regiments; and yet under the existinglaw
one paymaster is given to two regiments of men.
So with the number of other staff officers. It is
remarkable that there are bills pending in this Sen-
ate increasing largely this corps of staff officers,
when under the present laws the number of staff
officers in the Army of the United States is larger
than in the French or English army; and yeUtis
proposed to increase them and to continue this un-
just discrimination in their favor.
Mr. President, in order to ascertain what was
the real pay of an officer of the high grade I men-
tioned, I addressed a letter to the proper Auditor
of the Treasury inquiring how much an officer of
this particular grade received for all these various
things, and he could not tell me. Why? Because
he is paid out of different funds. The fuel and
quarters are paid at the quarteimaster's depart-
ment, the pay proper and the rations at another;
so that it is really impossible to ascertain the ex-
act amount received; and the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs now cannot tell me
what one of these officers gets. When you tell me
that in a time of war, when the resources of our
country are strained to the uttermost, you will
continue^this unjust and unequal system of com-
pensation to the injury of the Army and to the in-
jury of the country, I say it shows very clearly
that we arc not willing to meet the responsibilities
of our position.
I will not weary the Senate by stating fully the
various changes proposed in regard to the Army."
I have stated some of the most material. I will
state, however, that the bill reported substitutes
fixed salaries in lieu of all rations for servants and
forage. It abolishes the allowance for quarters
and fuel to staff officers. It gives the same pay to
staff officers us to officers of the line of the same
rank. It changes the present rate of mileage, ten
cents a mile, to six cents a mile. At present an
officer who travels from Washington to St. Louis
on an ordinary tour of duty pays but three cents
a mile, and he saves enough in the course of his
journey, from that item alone, to pay him from
ten to fifteen or twenty dollars a day. We also
adopt for the Army the same system of retirement
that has been adopted for the Navy. Recently a
bill passed Congress providing for a retired list of
the Navy at the age of sixty-two years and after
forty-five years' service. This bill adopts that
system for the Army, and I see that this feature
is also embodied in the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Massachusetts to another dis-
crimination. His bill would make a reduction of
ten per cent, from the pay proper of an officer of
the Army, but, as I said before, would not affect
his mileage, forage, rations, allowance for ser-
vants, &.c. A few years ago the mode of paying
the Navy was changed. The principle now rec-
ommended as to the Army was adopted as to the
Navy; and naval officers now get a fixed salary,
and have but one ration allowed to them. By the
substitute of the Senator from Massachusetts,
you would make a deduction of ten per cent, from
the pay of the Navy, which would be fully twice
as much reduction for a corresponding rank as it
would be in the pay of the Army; because the
reduction would only be applied to the pay proper
of an officer of the Army, which is scarcely one
half of his receipts, while it would apply to all
the pay of an officer of the Navy, thus creatinga
new discrimination between the Army and the
Navy, and a new quarrel, which we would have
to settle by subsequent legislation.
The bill reported from the committee on com-
pensation and expenditures assimilates the pay of
the Army and Navy, fixes their corresponding
ranks, and gives to an officer of the Army pre-
cisely the same pay as an officer of the Navy of
corresponding rank, and vice versa, so that there
can be no discrimination. It also abolishes the
whole system of forage, rations, and the like; so
that an officer m the Army will know precisely
what he receives; and the people who have to pay
it finally will know precisely what the officer re-
ceives.
These bills that I have mentioned—the bill re-
lating to Congress and the bill relating to the Army
and the Navy—are the only bills that are yet re-
potted; but the committee have prepared bills
relating to every department of the Government.
We have made a careful revision of all the com-
pensation and expenditures of the Departments,
