1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091c
ate, if they will give me their attention for a few
moments, is this: the measure as it originally
passed the House, with the amendments made
by the Committee on Patents, really docs nothing
more than we have already. We have under the
Patent Office virtually the same thing that there
is in this bill. The amendment which 1 have of-
fered as a substitute, however, embraces some-
thing more, and in order to remove any prejudice,
I want to say to the Senate it can be carried out
with the present appropriation. I shall be able
to give the Senate the statistical facts to show that
the bill, if amended in the way I have proposed,
can be carried out with the present appropriation.
The^ great agricultural interests of the Union
underlie its prosperity. The interest upon our
great debt, and eventually the debt itself, must be
paid from the agricultural resources of the coun-
try. A leading New York journal recently stated
that there had rcached tidewater the last season
nearly two millions of tons of breadstufFs, the
shipment of which to foreign countries kept the
balance of trade in our favor, and saved us from
national bankruptcy, enabling us to fill the ware-
houses of Liverpool, Havre, and Bremen with
wheat and corn, grown twenty-five hundred miles
inland and six thousand miles fiom the consum-
ers, and aiding us to crush the rebellion. This is
as palpable as the noonday sun. Hence the great
importance of proper legislation upon this subject
at this time.
The farmers of the country demand at our hands
the adoption of such measures as shall be practi-
cally useful to their interests. For many years
the attention of Congress has been called to the
importance of an agricultural department worthy
of the name, and certainly but^ little difference of
opinion can exist as to the propriety or even
necessity of such an organization.
The bill for this purpose passed by the House,
and which, with some slight amendments that
have been adopted this morning, is now before
the Senate, is objectionable in my opinion—
First. Because it does not meet the wants of the
case, inasmuch as it merely transfers the agricul-
tural division of the Patent Office to a Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, without any additional pow-
ers or duties, and with no additional resources.
Not a single function is by that bill provided
for or required which the present division cannot
perform. The farmers have never asked of Con-
gress that it should merely change the name and
control of the present division, nor will they be
satisfied with it.
Second. It is objectionable because it does not
provide for the collection, definitely, of statistics,
ns recommended by the President and the Secre-
tary of the Interior m their communications to
Congress, and which is indispensable to success
nationally. The Senate should remember that
the President in his annual message and the Sec-
retary of the Interior in his report recommended
a bureau of statistics.
Now, Mr. President, so far as I know the wants
and demands of our agriculturists m reference to
this subject—and I have given it much attention,
both at home and in Europe—an agricultural de-
partment, to be acceptable and efficient, must be
organized upon a liberal basis, and should em-
brace—
1. The science and practice of agriculture.
2. Natural history, connected with agriculture.
3. Agricultural chemistry and meteorology.
4. Agricultural mechanics, manufactures, com-
merce, and statistics.
There has never been a time in the history of
this country when our welfare so much depended
upon the science and practice of agriculture as the
present. The cotton crop of the South cannot
reach the northern spindles. Agriculture must
furnish a substitute by the production of upland
cotton in the Ohio valley. Gentlemen may smile
perhaps when I tell them that I have been informed
by one of my colleagues in the House of Repre-
sentatives that forty-five years ago, in one of the
towns of Indiana, he saw cotton by the bale ready
to be shipped, lying at our wharves on our rivers;
since I went there forty-three years ago, I have
seen it, but not in such quantities.
The sugar and molasses of the South have ceased
to come forward to the North, and agriculture
must remedy the difficulty by the rapid produc-
tion of lhtJ Chinese and African cane, tlm pi «idu< ts I
of which, in many of the western States, die now [
counted by millions. In the States of Illinois, In-
diana, and Ohio, last year, the production of mo-
lasses was ten millions of gallons. I received a
letter the other day from a gentleman in Illinois,
stating that from a little paper of sugar cane, in-
closed to him between four and five years ago, he
had been able to produce nearly two tons of su-
gar, I have seen the sugar made myself, and
doubtless other gentlemen have. One county in
Iowa, the past year, produced seventy-five thou-
sand gallons of molasses from the sugar cane.
"Virginia, withher one hundred and twenty-three
millions of pounds of tobacco in 1860, has com-
paratively none in 1861. Yet this is being, by
scientific practice, compensated for in the West.
Four counties alone in Ohio produced ten millions
of pounds in 1861.
And, sir, to the scientific practice of agricultuie
alone are we to look for-the successful production
of substitutes for articles of food and materials for
manufacturing which have heretofore been fur-
nished by the South.
Natural history, as connected with agriculture,
embraces primarily the whole range of domestic
animals, and through these the beef and pork,
wool, and the products of the dairy, and involves
the improvement and adaptation of breeds of
stock, their rearing, management, and food, and
relative value for the various purposes for which
they are grown.
The hay crop alone of the United States for 1860
is estimated at twenty millions of tons, which, at
ten dollars per ton, gives $200,000,000.
The importance of careful investigations in this
department of agriculture needs no argument in
view of these facts, to say nothing of the neces-
sity of being able to prevent the ravages of the
army worm or the devastation of the wheat fly.
Agricultural chemistry and meteorology are
confessedly of so much importance in connection
with the practical agriculture of the country that
our leading colleges and scientific institutions gen-
erally have adopted them as a part of their reg-
ular course of instruction; and the important dis-
coveries everywhere resulting therefrom make it
incumbentthat a special provision should be made
for their collection and publication.
Agricultural mechanics embiaces many of the
most important and astonishing developments of
the age. Tire reaper and mower, portable farm
engine, steam thiashers, gram dull, corn planter,
ditching machine, and portable saw mill, are only
a few of the many labor-saving machines which
ingenuity and mechanical skill have contributed to
agriculture. With, at least, one half of the great
Army now doing battle for the Union withdrawn
from the furrowed field and the golden harvest,
how necessary that this great auxiliary of the
farmer—the labor-saving agricultural machines
and implements of husbandry—should be fostered
antl perfected.
Manufactures and commerce arc but the hand-
maids of agriculture. Agricultuie furnishes the
food, turns the wheel, and brings forth the fiber
for the spindle. The white-winged sail of com-
merce bears the products of the loom and the
workshop to the markets of the world, and agri-
culture sustains and enriches all.
The statistics of these productive elements of
our country would prove invaluable. The national
ledger, posted up at the end of each year, show-
ing our vast productions of food and raw mate-
rial, the amount of manufactures, the amountand
direction of our commerce, would present a basis
for operations alike beneficial to all classes.
I have been much interested by the official sta-
tistical report of the physical resources ofGer- :
many, prepared with great labor and regardless j
of expense, perfectly accurate, and containing in- j
formation \aluabie not only to the manufacturer I
and the merchant, but to the capitalist and the j
farmer. What have u*c similar to this: Nothing. J
I believe, as a general rule, we have less accurate j
statistical information in regard to the resources ;
of our country and of Europe than any other peo- I
pie in the world. In more than half the States of
the Union there is no bureau of statistics, and the •'
population is dependent upon the vague rumors, j
and too often utterly unreliable reports of the press f
for information upon the state of crops at home
and abroad. A single consideration will show the ..
incalculable disadvantage of letting things go at I
such loose ends. An European correspondent,
writing1 perhaps upon imperfect information or ||
hasty observation, predicts a short crop and a
scarcityofbreadstuffsabroad. The rumorspreads
like wildfire through America, and the natural
inference is that Europe will have to look to our
niarkets to make up her own deficiency. What
is the consequence? The experience of the last
few years compels us to return a sad answer;'a
mania in speculation, a sudden rise of prices to a
fictitious value, and then a sudden revulsion and"
panic and commercial distress. To crown all, the
foreign speculator, well informed of the state of
things at home, and who has patiently bided his
time, steps in at the favorable moment when prices
are at the lowest, and realizes an immense profit
at the expense of our farmers and merchants. One
of our leading newspapers estimated our wheat
crop for the year 1859 at three hundred millions
of bushels; anothcrat only two hundred millions.
So with the cotton crop and all other important
crops, we only know the truth when it is too late,
and when speculators and sharpers have done
their work.
Wheat at the leading marts in the West not
long since, in the space of ninety days, fluctuated
from sixty cents to one dollar and sixty cents per
bushel.
Now, what we want in our Government is a
bureau of statistics, for the purpose of supplying
our people witli timely and accurate information
of the state of crops athome. The reports should
also embrace geological, mineraIogical,andother
physical information ofimportance to our farmers
and manufacturers. In addition, we should have
a general statistical department, the business of
which should be to collect and spread through the
country, through official and reliable channels,
correct accounts of the state of crops in Europe;
and it might also be found desirable to charge this
department with the duty of reporting, from time
to time, the various improvements in manufac-
tures, in mining, in scientific agriculture intro-
duced into the European systems. I need not
spend time in proving the advantages that would
accrue from such an arrangement, as they must
be evident to every one who will bestow a mo-
ment's thought upon the subject.
In this respect we might, with greatadvantage,
follow the example of the French and German
Governments. Both in Germany and France ag-
ricultural schools and collegesare established and
supported by the Governments, and extensive ex-
periments are cai ried out, wh ich would be entirely
beyond the means of private men. The benefits
to the nation are immense. Agriculture has re-
ceived a great impetus, and the products of the
soil have nearly doubled within less than half a
century, in consequence of the introduction ofim-
proveef methods of tillage. Look at the statistics
of the wheat crop in France. Fifty years ago,
according to a reccnt official publication, there
were only about four millions six hundred thou-
sand hectares (a hectaie contains a little less than
two and one half acres) of land sown to wheat in
France, and the average yield did not exceed
eleven hectolitres (two and three fourth bushels to
the hectolitre) to the hectare. In 1853, the wheat
crop amounted to one hundred millions of hecto-
litres, at an average yield of fifteen hectolitres to
the hectare, an increase of nearly one half in about
foity years.
The object of a democratic Government is the
regulation of the public affairs of the country in
accordance with the wishes of the people. What
are the " public affairs" of the country? Not
merely laws, certainly not political resolutions;
for besides the political and social interests of our
country, there are others of equal importance to
the people at large which demand and which
should receive the profoundest attention of our
legislators. The scientific investigation of our
national resouices, for example, is a matter affect-
ing the very foundation of oui national greatness
and prosperity. Our very existence as a self-
supporting,independentnation, depends in a great
measure upon it, for without a thorough investi-
gation those resources can never be developed;
and without the development of them we shall
gradually sink into a mere dependency of Europe.
Individual enterprise, even in America, being in-
adequate to this woik, and, as it is, further, more
a public than a private measure, it is evidently
the duty of that public machine, which we style
Government, to take the matter up and carry it
through.
