1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
For many years we have had a system in this
country (if it can be called a system) created by
resolution and by addition to appropriation bills, a
system that has really descended to a mere distri-
bution of seeds, two thirds of them of very little
value. The realization and publication of one
great truth is worth all this labor; and the  object
of the proposition I have submitted, is to combine
and disseminate information by the four branches
of an agricultural bureau which I have designated,
not only by reports, but in other ways, not merely
to engage in the business of the distribution of
seeds, beans, and ordinary vegetables such as are
now distributed, but to have gentlemen who are
competent to take charge of these different bu-
reaus, looking to statistical information. I may,
in this connection, give an instance at home to
show the value of such information, and I might
go abroad and cite instances there.
Notwithstanding the large population of Great
Britain, (who are mainly dependent on her com-
merce and manufactures,) she could not sustain
herself if she were compelled to import hay for
her dairies and meat markets. There was a time
in her history when she was dependent upon her
mountains and her neighbors for her butter and
meats. But, with her cultivation of grasses, her
population has increased; and her stock, of every
kind, has attained a degree of excellence which
supports a demand for it in the markets of all
countries.
In Holland, where the business of rearing cattle
constitutes one of the principal sources of wealth,
and where the price of landed property is high, a
large portion of the surface of the country is de-
voted to pasturage and the cultivation of grasses.
It is said that the cultivation of a single kind of
grass, in Jamaica, has increased, beyond compu-
tation, the value of the trade and commerce of
that island.
Blue grass has done for Kentucky what turnips
have done for Flanders, and portions of England
and Scotland—not only arrested the old process,
which wore out the land, but restored the soil,
and brought large profits to graziers.
Along the banks of the Merrimac, grass, that
fifty years ago was considered as a great evil, has
"within the last twenty years been regarded as
ccjual, if not superior, to any other variety for hay.
Similar favorable changes have been made in the
South, and in every portion of the country where
the attention of agriculturists has been directed to
the subject.
I maintain, and these illustrations prove it, that
one great truth coming from this Government (I
care not whether it is gathered from the State so-
cieties or from individuals, we want it indorsed
from the national Government)—a great truth in
relation to any one of the productions of this
country—will be worth all the expense entailed.
It may be said that private individuals will do this.
We all know that private enterprise has failed to
do it.
I know that the proposition to establish a new
Department of this Government is calculated to
alarm Senators on account of the apprehended
expense. With me the great desire is a bureau of
statistical information in the center of this Gov-
ernment—it underlies our weal and prosperity—
to let the people know what we aie doing, so that
the great fanning interest of the Government may
not be m the hands of dupes and at the mercy of
incidental infoi mation utterly unreliable, when
wo have it in our power to keep them accuiately
advised by collating through a Departmentof this
Government infiumation from different State or-
ganizations; and this Department may have con-
nected with itgentlemen of intelligence, gentlemen
that are qualified and can give their time to these
matters. We can establish this Department at
a cost less than $00,000 annually. That is the
amount now appropiiated for agricultural pur-
poses. If you take out the £3,000 for the Com-
missioner, and the salai ies of the heads of four
bureaus, with three cleiks, you will have at lea&t
$15,000 left for seeds. Now, shall I stop and ask
what benefit this Government can do with that
amount ol money; Shall I ask Senators the value
of the introduction of the Mediterranean wheat to
this country? No man can estimate it by mil-
lions. I have seen myself in Europe at a State
fair eighty-seven different kinds of wheat. The
introduction through this oigamzation of one soli-
tary article, whether it be wheat, whether it be
sugar cane, whether it be a new production of any-
thing else adapted to this immense country, is
worth an annual expense of thousands of dollars.
The farmers demand something more than a mere
name. They want a Department of the Govern-
ment gathering statistical information, and by
which we shall be able to obtain those articles
from foreign countries which experience and even
practice here may be able to demonstrate the prac-
tical utility of.
In behalf of the farmers of this country I hope
we are not to have a mere shadow. You have
now, as I have already said, the same thing that
the House bill provides for. That bill only sepa-
rates it from one of the existing Departments of the
Government. Ifweare to doanythingforour great
agricultural interest, let us have a bureau looking
to the four branches which I have described, and
above all, let us have accurate statistical inform-
ation. If the Senate will do nothing else, let
me ask gentlemen to take the bill of the Senator
from Connecticut, which combines a statistical
department with an agricultural bureau. If my
amendment shall be voted down, I shall cheerfully
vote for his proposition, because I shall regard
any bill to establish an agricultural bureau of little
value unless it embraces statistical information of
a character adapted to the labor of this country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that this subject
and all others prior, be postponed, with a view to
take up the bill which I mentioned yesterday, the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like the Senator
from Maine, as this bill is under discussion, to
let us take a vote upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must say to ray friend
that I can see that there is here not only an ori-
ginal bill, but several amendments; and I must
suggest to him also that, he being a member of the
Committee on Finance, I cannot agree that he
shall stand in my way in reference to the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am a member of some com-
mittee tlmt ought to have charge of economy of
time, and not get up a debate on a question and
then leave it half disposed of.
The motion of Mr. Fhssenden was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in the Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (U.R. No.SGO)
making appiopuations for the cuirent and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 18G3.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are no amend-
ments from the Committee on Finance. They
reported the bill without amendment, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So the Chair
understands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have instructed me to move certain
amendments to the bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will permit me one moment, before he of-
fers his amendments,! wish to move tostiike out
of this bill the word "insurance'5 wherever it
occurs. It occurs in several different placcs under
the head of" miscellaneous items."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will suggest to my friend
from Minnesota that probably he would accom-
plish the object he aims at by drawing a distinct
section-on the subject. The word "insurance"
here applies to some cases where the contracts
have already been made for the insurance of goods.
A section providing that after the end of the fiscal
year no contract should he entered into by the
Government for the insurance of its goods would
effect the object he has in view. I doubt whether
the amendment he now proposes would not go
further than he intends, because it applies to in-
surances that have already been made.
Tin* PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
begs leave to state that the practice is, in consid-
ering appropriation bills, first to act upon such
amendments as are moved from the Comnyttee on
Finance, afterwards on amendments moved by
other standing committees, and then to receive
amendments moved by individual Senators.
Mr. WILKINSON. I suppose,Mr, President,
that if any contracts of insurance have been en-
tered into, the money was paid at the time the
contract was made. The policy of the Govern-
ment insuring their own property, I think is a bad
one, and we may as well stop it here now on this
bill as on any other. I think the Government is
fully as able to insure their own property as in-
surance companies are to do it for them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
entertain the motion of the Senator from Minne-
sota.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is to strike out the
word " insurance'* wherever it occurs in the bill.
It is under the head of " miscellaneous items.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see why the
Government should not be permitted to do as per-
sons do with reference to private property. They
have to send this property. Of course they are
as able to run the risk of sending it as any one
else, but if they can save money and deem it ad-
visable not to lun the risk entiiely, but to tluow
it upon others for a consideration, as they have
always heretofore done,and undoubtedly for good
reasons, I do not see why they should not be per-
mitted to do it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state the reason
why I have offered this amendment. Insurance
companies, ofcourse, make money, or they would
not go into the business. If a man of small cap-
ital embarked in business, and should lose it by
any accident, his business, of course, would be
destroyed, and he therefore ought to insure; but
a man or company having sufficient means to en-
able them to run the risk themselves can make
money by abstaining from entering into any con-
tracts of insurance. They will save what the in-
surance company would have made out of them.
It is very clear that the insurance companies make
money in the long run out of somebody, or they
would not do it. I know that the firm of Pierre
Chouteau & Co., which existed for many years,
of which John Jacob Astor was once a member,
the successors of the old northwestern fur tiaders,
never insured their pr-operty for the reason that it
cost them more in the long run than it did to run
the risk themselves, because if they lost a steam-
boat load of goods they could stand it. Then Gov-
ernment is able to run this risk. They will have
to pay more for insuring in the long run than the
losses which will occur will amount to. It is a
plain matter of business transaction. Any one can
see that, unless there is a profit in this insurance
business, the companies would not be organized
and would not do business. I think the practice
of the Government insuring in any of these pri-
vate companies may as well be stopped here as
anywhere else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The word
" insurance" occurs in four instances on the 47th
and 48th pages under the general head of " mis-
cellaneous items." The Senator from Minnesota
moves to strike out that word in those several
paragraphs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be rather
unwise, on the suggestions of the Senator, to
change the policy of the Government on this sub-
ject, which has been followed for a considerable
number of years, and undoubtedly for very good
reasons.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the reason?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the same reason
which exists m your case precisely.
Mr. GRIMES. But I do not insure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; others do.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not insure because I have
not got any property; but I will ask the Senator,
docs he know of any man of very large means
who docs insure? For instance, Stephen Girard
did his own insuring; the house of Cope & Co.
always did its own insuring; and the aggregate
in the course of several years, although they had
a large commission, showed that they saved
money by doing their own insurance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That might or might
not be.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state to the Senator
fiom Maine that this question was up before the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and it was the de-
cision of that committee that this amendment
should be made. It is not my own individual idea
altogether.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, it is in the
power of the Senate to change the policy of the
Government which they have followed for many
years, and which they think wise. The amount
certainly is not a very large one. I, of course,
have no sort of experience on th$ subject, and I
