THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
. - The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr.TLiATHAM. Then I call for the consid-
eration of ihat motion.
Mr. D1XO.V. Are resolutions still in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are; but the
Senator from California asks for the consideration
of a motion submitted by himself yesterday, em-
bracing th^same subject with his resolution of to-
day. The question is on agreeing to the motion
Submitted by the Senator from California.
Mr. HALE. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To admit the per-
sons claiming seats as Senators to'the floor of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. That just introduced?
- The VICE PRESIDENT. It was introduced
yesterday.
Mr. HALE. How came it up to-day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was called up
by the Senator from California.
Mr. HALE. It is not in order to take it up
unless by a vote of the Senate, is it? That has
been my experience of the ruling of the Chair
when I have introduced resolutions which have
been laid over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is that it is a simple motion, not in the
nature of a resolution. The Senator submitted a
motion yesterday, and it was objected to.
Mr. WADE. I believe it has been the custom
in the Senate when gentlemen are claiming to be
Senators, with their petition to admit the State, to
adrhit them on the floor. 1 believe that has been
usual.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is that it requires a motion to bring up
that motion.
' The question being put, there was, on a divis-
ion, no quorum voting.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays;
and I hey were ordered.
Mr.FOSTER. I knownothingaboutthe merits
of the claim of these gentlemen to seats here, and
the gentlemen are entire strangers to me; but ac-
cording to my observation and experience, it has
been the uniform practice of the Senate to allow
gentlemen thus circumstanced the courtesy of a
sent here. I know not why we should depart
from it.
Mr. HALE. I want to state a reason for not
taking it up this morning. When gentlemen speak
of what the uniform practice of the Senate has
been,I think they are speaking without the book.
I grant that when gentlemen have come here from
States thatare in the Union, claiming to beelected
by the States, it may have been the practice. I
should like some little time to look at the prece-
dents in cases where gentlemen have come from
Territories that are not yet States. My impression
is, 1 confess, not in accordance with the view ofthe
Senator from Connecticut who has just spoken,
though I do not pretend to be advised on it. If
the Senator from California will let this matter lie-
over until to-morrow, 1 will take the trouble to
look. There have been but one or two cases, and
his own State, California, was one.
Mr. LATHAM. They were admitted.
Mr. HALE. Well, I do not know how it was,
and I do not know how many cases there have
been. 1 believe the eases have been very few in-
deed. 1 ask that he will simply let it lie over until
to-morrow. I have no desire to depart from the
precedents, nor do I wish to make a new prece-
dent. It cannot do any harm to let it lie until to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in the same situation
as the Senator from New Hampshire. I do not
remember what the precedents have been, but I
well recollect that when the State of Indiana sent
two Senators here who were as clearly entitled to
seats as any two persons over sent by any State,
the Senate refused to admit them inside of the
Chamber. I thought it very wrong, not only to
refuse to admit them here while the case was up,
but to refuse to give them seats as members. I do
not recollect what the practice lias been. If the
practice has been to admit persons situated as the
persons claiming lo be Senators from Utah are, I
should vote that way, and I would vote to take
up I he resolution to pass it; but 1 should like to
see what the practice has been, as that would
govern my vote.
Mr. LATHAM. I have no desire in the WO fid
to press this resolution prematurely. Several
Senators who have more experience in these mat-
ters than I have, told me that it was usual and
customary when Territories were organized as
States, and were asking admission into the Union,
that those claiming to be their Senators should be
allowed the privileges of the floor. The Senator
from New Hampshire and the Senator from Illi-
nois having indicated a wish to investigate the
precedents, and if they, being older Senators, are
not satisfied about the matter, I can have no ob-
jection to letting the resolution lie over until to-
morrow. I merely want thatihe same courtesy
shall be extended to these gentlemen that has been
extended to other persons similarly situated.
Mr. TRUMBULL- So do I.
Mr. LATHAM. Let it lie over until to-mor-
row.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over, if
there be no objection.
EFFECT OF SECESSION.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to submit a resolution,
the present consideration of which I do not ask,
but merely that it be read for information, and
printed. At some future time, which will suit the
convenience of the Senate, I shall call it up and
offer some remarks on it:
Resolved, That all acts or ordinances of secession, al-
leged to have been adopted by any Legislature or conven-
tion of the people of any State, are, as to the Federal (Jnlon,
absolutely null and void; and that while such aetsmayand
do subject the individual actors therein to forfeitures and
penalties, they do not, in any degree, affect the relations of
the State wherein they purport to have been adopted to
tile Government of the United States, but are as to such
Government acts of rebellion, insurrection, and hostility,
on the part of the individuals engaged theiein, or giving
assent thereto ; and that such States are, notwithstanding
such acts or ordinances, members of the Federal Union,
and as such are subject to all the obligations and duties im-
posed upon thom by the Constitution of the United States;
and the loyal citizens of such States are entitled to al! the
rights and privileges thereby guarantied or conferred.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
APPOINTMENTS IN THE MARINE CORPS.
Mr. HALE. I move to take up Senate bill No.
30G—a very short bill which was reported some-
time ago from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and is important to the public service.
The motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 306) regulating the ap-
pointment of second lieutenants in the marine
corps, was resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the bill was
Inst under consideration an amendment was sub-
mitted by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Harris,] and an amendment was offered to that
amendment by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis.] Both the amendments will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the bill
with these amendments in connection.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, $c.y That hereafter second lieutenants in
the United States marine eorpx shall be taken by selection
of the President from the graduates of the United States
Naval Academy.
The amendment of Mr. Harris is to add as a
proviso:
Provided, however, That this act shall not apply to or
affect any nominations for appointment to the marine corps
which have already been made.
Mr. Davis's amendment is to add to the amend-
ment of Mr. Harris:
And that appointments to the marine corps shall be first
made from the States which have not received their pio-
pomons of appointments according to Federal population.
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment will not
be insisted upon by the Senator from Kentucky,
because the thing will remedy itself hereafter.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an exceedingly merito-
rious young friend from Kentucky who would
like to get into that service, and if the Senator
from New Hampshire viewed him on his merits,
I am satisfied he would pardon me for trying to
get this amendment adopted, so that he might be
nominated to the place. I hope the Senator will
yield.
Mr. HALE. I am not opposed to it if the
Senate is not.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment I offer to the
amendment of the Senator from New York is very
plain in its principle, and I hope the Senate will
adopt it.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose the first part of this
bill is adopted, that which was submitted by the
Senator from New Hampshire, providing that all
appointments hereafter shall be made from the
graduates of the Naval Academy, then the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has an amendment, which
declares, as a proviso, that they shall be selected
fr.om those States which are deficient in their quota
of officers in the marine corps. Now, suppose
that Kentucky has no graduates from the Naval
Academy: the amendment of that Senator, if it is
adopted, will entirely block promotions into that
corps of the service. I think Kentucky has only
one or two students at the Naval Academy now,
I do not know the exact number; but suppose she
has none: does not the Senator see that the adop-
tion of his amendment, in connection with the
original proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire, will prevent any person being ap-
pointed into the marine corps until Kentucky
shall have had her quota of graduates at the Naval
Academy, and they shall have been assigned into
the marine corps.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment which I offer
in the nature of a proviso will qualify and modify
the effect of the bill as offered by the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. The opera-
tion will be simply this: that the rule heretofore
adopted by the Departmentof talking nominations
for the marine service promiscuously from the
whole country shall prevail until each State has
its quota according to Federal numbers. When
this subject was last up, if I understood the state-
ment of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, it was to this effect: that there
was no graduate of the Naval School ready to be
nominated to this office at this time; that is my
recollection.
Mr. HALE. There would be none for a short
time.
Mr. DAVIS. Until that short time comes, I
want the aominations made as heretofore. I want
the Secretary of the Navy to make them from the
country at large, selecting suitable, fit, and meri-
torious young men. I have tendered to his De-
partment such a candidate. My State has not
her share of officers in this corps, and I want her
to have her share. I believe her share is but
three. I so understood from the information given
me by the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs when the subject was last under; consid-
eration. I believe my State has two in commis-
sion, and she is only entitled to another one. I
trust that the'principle that has prevailed hereto-
fore, of taking the candidates for these appoint-
ments in the marine corps from the country at
large, will prevail until each State gets her share.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator will nor
reach his object in this way, because with the pio-
viso that has already been moved by the Sernuor
from New York, there will not be a single vacancy
in the marine corps. Let me say, while I am up,
that this is a bill that is imperiously called foi by
the necessities of the public service. Since this
bill has been pending, I have received a letter from
Captain Blake, who is at the head of the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, and without any corre-
spondenceon my part with him—for I never spoke
with him and never received but one letter from
him—in which he says that no measure has been
proposed lately that from his observation and ex-
perience, will be so bencficial to the public service
as this little simple bill. The whole thing will be
regulated in three months, and jt will then go on
and we shall have a perfect system. I think my-
self the list before the Senate for confirmation is ail
unjust one, and oughtnotto be confirmed, because
it is at war with the principles of this bill. Still,
for the purpose of getting a great public measure
into operation, I am willing to waive my objec-
tions to it, and let these nominations go as they
are. The Senator from Kentucky willhave a just
system hereafter if this bill becomes a law, and
he will gain nothing by his amendment, for there
are no vacancies to be filled.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the effect of the
amendment which I propose different from the
understanding of the Senator from Iowa,and also
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator that
the effect of his amendment would be to prevent
another person ever being appointed into the ma-
rine corps until all the States should come bock
into the Union. It says " that appointments to
the marine corps shall be first made from the
States that have not received their proportion of
appointments accoiding to their population."
Now, for instance, almost all the young men
