172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22
37tii Coxg....2  Sbss. Confiscation, Emancipation, and Colonization, do.—Mr. Blair.
Ho. op Reps.
tales of humanity} as we have often done with the
Indian tribes, to relieve our own people. To le-
lieve one patnot who has fallen into the hands of
the rebels, I would be willing to give up a hun-
dred traitors, knowing that we shall get them all
back again, when we can mete out to them, with-
out endangering oar own men from their retalia-
tion, the punishment due their crime. J^ow,Mr.
Speaker, while I acknowledge this doctrine, and
while I am prepared to vote for some measure of
confiscation, I do not know which one of those
measures now pending; before the House tempers
justice with mercy m that degree which should
command for it the approval of a magnanimous
people. Yet,sir, I trust that the Congress of this
tuition will go in this direction as far as its own
dignity and safety will permit, and stop short
when justice and humanity requue. I go for the
punishment and the severest punishment which
can be indicted on those men who have fomented
this treason. The chief conspirators, and all those
who have led their confiding coundymen into tins
most detestable rebellion, every man whose posi-
tion was such as to make him a leader, ought to
be punished in the most exemplary manner. I
am greatly surprised at the position assumed by
some gentlemen coming from the border States.
If any one be justified m demanding that these
rebels shall be subjected to the ligors of the law
it is the men of the border States, those who rep-
resent the people whose territory has been devas-
tated from end to end, whose property has been
destroyed, and who have been persecuted in every
conceivable way. It is the duty of eveiy man
who represents such a constituency, if we can find
the power in the Constitution to do so, to make
an example of the leaders of this rebellion, such
un will forever deter others from a repetition of
their crime.
Gentlemen who represent northern constituen-
cies have spoken with feeling, and even violence,
upon this subject; but they have suffered nothing
as compared with the evils which have fallen upon
us. "The iron has entered our souls;" yet I
would not forget to be just or humane because
we have been the victims of injustice and inhu-
manity;! would carry punishment no further than
the dignity and the safety of the Government de-
mand. All beyond this is an imitation of those
whose crimes we detest and punish. There have
been large numbers of men forced into this rebel-
lion; huge numbers who have been persuaded
to go into it, and large numbers that have been
dragged into it. They belong to that class of mmi
to whom the magnanimity of the Government
should grant an amnesty whenever they lay dow n
their arms. God knows it is neither pohtu. or
humane to make a wai of extermination against
<i whole people. If we undeitake tin:*, till who
are thus marked for destruction will be driven to
stand togethcrand fight to the end. That will re-
quire an expenditure of blood and money which
may go beyond the enduianceof our people, and
such a policy, without sense or justice, under any
circumstances, would, in this instance, be marked
with extnundmary atiocity, for the reason that
many of these men have been (bagged and driven
into rebellion by the conspirators, with whom our
own Government wpaiiiccps crhninis, supply-
ing them with arms, and withholding that pro-
tection winch the Government was bound to ex-
tend to the loyal men of the South, i well reeol-
lecithat, when the secessionists abandoned these
Halls, leaving none but loyal men m both bra nches,
and a Republican majority m each, our Secretary
of War was supplying these rebels with arms',
.Mid the Executive conniving m their open and
flagrant war upon the Government, that Congress
tailed to pass laws to enahie the loyal men of the
South to take up arms m their own defence, and
in defense of their country. I wrote to influen-
t lal men in Congress beseeching them to pass laws
un'jfr which we in the South could organize and
take arms against the traitors; but nothing was
done. Thai eagerness which we now sec, was not
then displayed. It had its excuse, perhaps a
good excuse, in the forbearance of the noithern
people, and their incredulity as to the existence
even of the intention to commit so monstrous a
ci ime.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of my friend
if it was not rather because we listened to the voice
of the men of the border States, who importuned
us time and again to forbear any legislation that
would exasperate their people? Does not my
friend recollect that bills were introduced .to au-
thorize the President to institute coercive meas-
ures, and gentlemen of high standing and influence
in the border States came to us with tears in their
eyes, begging us to forbear, saying they had all
they could do to keep their heads above water,
and that any such resolution as that would swamp
and overwhelm them; and we listened to that
rather, and forbore on that account more than
from any other consideration.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I admit the truth
and force of what the gentleman from Massachu-
setts says, and 1 lutve not,and I do not intend in
anything I say, to impeach the loyalty and devo-
tion to the country of the northern {States. What
I intended to show was,that they weie misled, and
that we were the victims of their mistake, nito
which they were betiayed, peihans, by some of
those distinguished gentlemen who implemented
the bordei States. By whatescr influences they
were misled, I say we weie the victims of their in-
credulity. Sir,i felt,situated as I was, and living
among that people, that the conspiratbrs did not
intend to stop short of the dismembeiment of the
Republic; and 1 represented,as well as 1 could, to
my friends in Congress, and here at the seat of
Government, that that was their diabolical pur-
pose, and I besought ilium by every argument to
come to our aid and give us the means of self-de-
fenxe, that we might not be coerced. 1 know that
money was contributed by the people of my city
to procure arms to defend the public propeity.
Tiieioyalmen there, at their own cost, purchased
large amounts of arms and ammunition which
were refused them at the Government at scnal, with
which to protect and defend that arsenal, and
which, if it had fallen into the hands of the conspir-
ators, with us sixty thousand stand of aun.s and
immense supply ofother wuibke munitions,would
have disarmed theentire N ot thwest, and reversed
the present attitude of affairs, and led, perhaps, to
the recognition of the eonfedeiacy. j sa y it would
be unjust in this Government, having furnished
arms (o the rebels in every State m the South—
the Secretary of War and Buchanan's Cabinet,
with some honorable exceptions, conniving at
this infamous rebellion, and furnishing these poo-
pie with arms with which to coeice Unnm men—
i sav it would be a peculiar atrocity in this Gov-
ernment now, to undertake to punish all aiike who
have been in\ olved m it. Thei o is a point at winch
we must stop tdiort. We muH be satisfied with
i'i storing the Government and reestablishing the
Union, punishing the lenders and the fomentors of
thts rebellion; and when we shall have done thai,
we shall have justified ourselves m tin' eyes of the
wot Id. I f we undertake to go furthei, it will prob-
ably tax our utmost strength to accomplish the
task, and when accomplished, it will ncithei ic-
dound to our interest or to our honor.
Hutthere is another proposition which is pend-
ing and open to diseuss-'ion: the second bill re-
ported by the select com mitten to liberate the sin ves
of all rebels. Sir, I can find it in my conscience
to take away the slaves of every man who has
entered upon this rebellion, except such as have
done so under the constraint of which I have
spoken. We have no light to take advantage of
our own wrong. We lane no right to punish
those who ha\e been diawn into this rebellion by
our remissness, by our neglect, by our refusal to
dischaige the constitutional duty of protection.
Our Govermnt nt owed protection to every one of
those men, and such as have fallen from oiti fail-
uie should not be hold to accountabilit}' for acts
to which they were constrained by a powei armed
by the Federal Government, and whose treason
was hatched m these very Halls and in the coun-
cils of the Executive. Sir, I have heard upon this
floor a great many sneers, and I have seen many
men tuiu up their noses here at the idea of there
being any Union men in the South. There arc
Union men in the South whose patriotism has
stood as severe a test as that of any man on this
floor or elsewhere m this Republic, and much
more seveie than that of those who have indulged
themselves in those cheap proofs of patriotism
winch consist in reviling those who have passed
through the fires of persecution. Such examples
at the South are neither few nor isolated. That
some men have been found who could not hold
out, \|hose property, whose families, held as
pledges in the hands of the secessionists, have
constrained them to take up arms against the Gov-
ernment, which, fiom a mistaken idea of lenity
to traitois, failed to protect them—to say that
such men exist in the South, is to say no more
than that such men exist everywhere, in the world.
But if we look to what occurred in the earlier
stages of the rebellion, if we look to the steadfast-
ness with which the people of Tennessee, Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, and even of Georgia and
Louisiana, voted against secession, and maintained
the cause of the Union, until it was crushed by
the arms issued from our own arsenals to the con-
Rpiiators,and without a finger being lifted by our
Government, or without a word being uttered to
encouragc them, but, on the contrary, from some
of the most ultra and eager of those who are now
bent upon annihilating these States and sweeping
them with universal confiscation, came the ciy
ringing in their ears of" let them go," in response
to Jell Davis's ciy of " let us go;" when we re-
member these things, we can appreciate the value
of the sneers of those gentlemen who, residing at
long distances from danger, can come here now,
after victory has peichcd upon our standards, and
sneer at the patriotism of those who have endured
the heat and the burden of the day.
In regard to this bill for the libeiation of the
slaves of the rebels, I repeat that I can find it in
my heartand conscience to take awav every slave
fiom every rebel who has willingly lifted his hand
against the Government, but 1 think that our
friends, entering upon this career, m promising
themselves, as they seem to do, such a triumphant
issue as soon as they shall have passed this bill,
are mistaken as to its effects upon the rebels and
as legaids the slaves who arc to be liberated. In
the first place, unless we annihilate the State gov-
ernments, as has been suggested, if we undertake
to turn loose this mass of enfranchised slaves upon
the soil of those States, wp shall find that we have
invited upon ourselves a vast deal of trouble, that
we have conferred no benefit upon the negro, and
have not even secured to him the freedom which
we proposed to confer. No man can doubt that
jf the States arc left with then puweis intact as
States that they will have a certain control over
this people,and can, as was stated by my colleague,
[Mr. Phej.ps] yesterday, prohibit the residence
of th< sic people within their limits. That is an
unquestioned power exercised fiom time imme-
morial, and not only by the slave States, but by
many of the free States. When these millions of
ne^ioes have been liberated they will at the same
moment be exiled by the laws of the States, every
one ot the slave States having laws prohibiting the
icsidence of negioes enfranchised. They will not
be able to go to Indiana or Illinois or any of the
fiee States which have prohibited their immigra-
tion, and they will pour like an inundation upon
those northern States which have not adopted this
piohibition. How long will it be before these
States also adopt this provision ? That they will
certainly do it can be safely assumed, because the
people of those States have the same prejudices as
tlie people of Illinois and Indiana, and as the peo-
ple of all the slaveholdmg States, and the reason
why they have not already adopted such laws has
been because they were not in any immediate
danger ofmundation by this class of people. That
they will pass such laws is clear from the argu-
ments even of those who are urging the passage of
tins bill, and who are attempting to reconcile their
own people to it by saying that there is no danger
of these liberated slaves going North, that they
will remain at the South. They either forget or
they do not know that all of these southern States
have laws prohibiting the residence of this class
of people. Some of the free States have the some
laws, and Congress can neither repeal nor modify
them. I sincerely believe that all the free States
will adoptthesame laws. What will tlmn become
of the negro? Where is the boasted freedom
conferred by this bill? It is a bill of exile. It is
a bill to make them homeU-ss, houseless, to make
them destitute and despanmg wanderers upon the
face of the earth. The bill mtioduced by the chair-
man of the select committee accomplishes nothing
for the slave, except to destroy what little allevi-
