1802.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
3'Ttii Co>fo....2D Sess. Confiscation, Emancipation, and Colonization, do.—Mr. Blair.
Ho. OF It EPS.
ation is left to him in his sad life. What is to pre-
vent the Stares from passing laws against them as
vagrants, as a people; without visible moans of sup-
port, being within the States without license, and
thus fine them,and imprison them, and sell them,
and put them to hard labor. The same thing is
done in regard to vagiants in ail the States of the
Union. Shall we undertake in Congress to regu-
late the police of the different States? Can we do
it? Shall we undertake to say that the slavehold-
mg States shall not execute the same laws against
vagrancy as are in operation in New York and all
of the tree States, and which are made applicable
even to people of our own color? If wo can dic-
tate to the slave States upon this subject, why have
we not dictated to Massachusetts, which has some
stringent regulations against emigration from Eu-
rope. Foreign emigrants are thete subjected to
some stungent regulations according: to my recol-
lection. The gentieman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] shakes his head, and I may be mistaken.
Mr. DAWES. The only peculiarity we have
in Massachusetts is, that we havespenthundred3
of thousands of dollars to build houses to support
such of them as are unable to support themselves.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Have yon not a reg-
ulation there requning those who bring these im-
migrants into Massachusetts shall give bonds for
their support >
Mr. DAWES. The supreme court knockcd
all that arrangement in the head.
Mi. BLAIR, of Missouri. But that does not
affect the position I have taken upon this subject;
and that is, that each one of these States has the
power to pass laws to exclude these negroes fiom
their borders. States have done it heietofore, and
the power remains unquestioned. California has
discriminated in regard to the Chinese; admits
them to a residence but exercises a control over
them and excludes them from political rights. If
there are not stungent regulations with regard to
foieign immigrants in Massachusetts, if I have
fallen into an enor in regard to that matter, 1 am
certainly not mistaken about the fact that there
aie very few of the northern States m which po-
litical rights are conceded to this class of persons.
Several northern States exclude thorn altogether.
Mr. TRAIN. As I understand the law of my
State, tlie decision which my colleague refers does
not ieach to the extent to which he supposes.
The decision of the supreme court was that we
had no right to lay a capitation tax upon foreign
immigrants; but we do require, and the law stands
and is executed, that the shippers and importers
of.emigrants shall give bond that the State shall
not ho liable for their support.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missoiui. Who will give bond
to the State of Massachusetts that her share of
the negroes, liberated by this act,and exiled from
the Sjjutli by the State laws-, shall not be a charge j
for iheirsupport upon hi rTieasuty ? And if none
can ee found to g-ve that bond, they will be ex-
cluded from thai haven of rest as well as from
their present homes hy the act reported by the
member.from Massachusetts, [Air. Elioi-.] The
point which I make, is that we must take another
si< j> if we intend to give freedom and its attendant
blessings lo the negroes. I soy that the moment
we enfranchise the slaves of the rebels, that mo-
mentwe make them homeless and exiles,and that,
if we pass tins measure, it becomes our duty, es-
pecially if we chum to be actuated by humane ino-
tues, to take a stepforwaid,and provide them with j
homes and a couniiy in heu of that of which we j
have despoiled them. Their present homes may
nut he uiy com foi table to them, I have nevei j
fancied lite unon a slave plantation,nor favored the
institution. It did not require tins rebellion to
mouse my animosity against it. 1 had devoted
myself to its I'Xiu paiion before the ciime of trea- ;
son was com mi (ted in its name. But, sir, whate\ ei j
the homo of the slave may be, it is better than that i
provided foi him by the act of the distinguished i
gentleman fiom Massachusetts. ^ In its results, it ;
wii! !ea\e tlmm without a home anywhere on the j
face of the uaith. I believe that unless the people !
of Mass lehusetts and the other New England,
Sra'c.^ mid the people of New Yotk and Pennsyl-
vania aie different from the people m. all th<* south- 1
eru States, and from the people in a great many j
of the free States, they will also pass these pro- ;
hibitory laws. The reason "why they have not I
passed these laws heretofore is, that there has been
no danger of such an inundation of this class of
people as will he 'occasioned by this act. If antip-
athy against men of the same race emigrating
from Europe could arouse the people of Massa-
chusetts to such fury as to set them to work to
pass a law to restrain that immigration which the
gentleman has just intimated was declared uncon-
stitutional as to a part of it, how will it be with
the people of that State when they are threatened
with the immigration of hundreds of thousands of
these negroes, liberated by this act and expelled
by the slavcholding States by existing laws, which
we cannot lepeal or control?
Air. TRAIN. The gentieman from Missouri
will allow mo to say that the legislation of Mas-
sachusetts, as I understand it, grew out of the fact
that they were shipping to ourcountry the paupers
of Europe, and it was simply a matter of self-pro-
tection. It was not that we declined to receive
emigrants from Europe, but we did decline to have
the paupers of Ireland, the inmates of all the alms-
houses of England, Iieland, and Scotland landed
upon our shores, without some one being made
responsible for their support.
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. While I differ en-
tirely from the gentleman in regard to that legis-
lation, I am not calling it m question. 1 am sim-
ply stating the facts. If the paupers from Europe—
men of our own blood and race—were objects
which were to be repelled, 1 want to know how
it will be with the paupers, and worse than pau-
peis, wiio will be expelled from the southern
States by the legislation which is proposed, who
are of a diiferent race, of a race between whom
and our own race, it is perf'ctly well undeistood,
there is an ineradicable dill'eience. "Can the
Ethiopian change his skin, or the leop ml his
spots'" The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Blair,j the other day alluded to thu preju-
dice of lace, and spoke of it as unnatural and with-
out foundation m justice or good sense, it is as
universal and pervading as the atmosphei e. Such
.sentiments, innate and all-pervading, have always
seemed to me to be implanhd in oiu nauue not
without a purpose, and that put po-so was to keep
the races distinct and separate, and to pres'rve
them foi the occupation of the zones and cinnati s
adapted to their physical oigamzation. and no
moibid or perverted sentiment of human bungs
can undo the palpable design of the Creutoi ot' the
universe, and all attempts to undo it, fiom what-
ever motive, either of cupidity or of mistaken
philanthropy, has brought switt ictribution upon
thuse who iutve made the attempt. 1 think that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Air. Eliot]
who reported this bill, is venturing upon vei y un-
safe ground if In; proposes by it I he benefit of the
negio. 1 [e has eithc r "one too far, or he has not
gone far enough. There ate no States in the
Union, which give to this class ofpeople the rights
of citizens, and the man who insists upon eman-
cipating slaves, and retaining them in a eountiy
where even y right except that of pes so mil freedom
is lefused them, that man, m my opinion, is not
in favor of emancipation in its Luge and libeial
sense, it is "keeping the word of promise to
the ear, and breaking it to the hope." It is sim-
ply the gift of personal freedom, unuccompnnu d
by any oLiier i ighis which make freedom valuable.
It is to retain them here as a degraded caste, as
they now aie in all of the free States. They are
not admitted, in any free State, to a full equality
with its ciiizens.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The gentleman
will allow me to say that in Veimont they La\c
all the pimleges which white men have, except
one—ih'-y Jiave not the piivi'ege of pel foi m ing ]
military duty. j
Mr. TRAIN. Let me state one fact for the in- j
foi mution ot' my Demoeiatic friend. The Demo- '
crane, party m Massachusetts elected a black man i
as tepresentative of the town of Townsend, m my 1
(11sti nit, m General Conit, about five y<vus ;,o0i ;
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The DunooioU'' ,
paityhad a tight to se!e< f anybody they pi<-
feired to r.'pu.,{. nt them. I understand, howevn , i
that th's was a practical j(|ke, and that the an- 1
thois of it went to the expense of a new -ant of j
clothes to procure tlie resignation of then success- '
ful candidate. The joke will not be likely to be |
repeated, and least of all by the Democratic party. !
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to say that thejLegis-
laturc of Pennsylvania adjourned on the 11th of
Apiil, and that within a few days of its adjourn-
ment several separate and distinct bills were in-
troduced to prevent the immigration of negroes
into that State; all induced, 1 think, by the bills
that have been introduced into this and the other
branch of Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman permit me
to reply to my colleague?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If I were to give
every gentleman the opportunity of interrupting
mc on these side issues, I should have no time to
myself. I simply desire to say, sir, that I be-
lieve these gentlemen are animated by as great a
desire as that which actuates me to benefit and
raise up these people. But, unless they aie ready
and willing to do something more than any of
them have yet proposed to do, I think they have
chosen an exceedingly bad way to attain their
ends. I piopose, before taking my seat, to offer
an amendment to the bill No. 472, emancipating
the slaves of the rebels, which, according to my
idea, would accomplish not only what is proposed
to be accomplished by the bill before the House,
but will go fut ther, and give to these people homes
m a country suitable to their organization, bring-
ing about, in the process of time, a gradual and
complete separation of these two diverse races.
I "would do this because I believe it is the interest
of both races, because I believe that this negro
race was made for a tropical region, and that our
race was made to occupy and possess the temper-
ate latitudes of the world. I believe that every
attempt to bring this negro race, whether as bond-
men or freemen, and to mix them up with our
people, will, m its i.'suits, operate to deteriorate
both races alike, bringing with it the seeds of con-
vulsions surh as that which we are now experi-
encing-.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand whether the gentleman from Missouri pro-
poses his amendment now, or simply gives notice
of it ?
Mr. BLA.III, of Missouri. I simply propose
that it niay be ordered to be printed; and I will,
at the proper tune, ask to ha\e a vote taken on it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to ofi'ei it as a substitute?
M>\ BLAIR, of Missouri. Notasa substitute,
hut as additional sections to the hill. I am will-
ing to vote for the sections of the bill as they
now stand, if the bill will only go a step further
and say that a country shall be provided for these
people who are to be liberated in States which
prohibit their residence within their limits as free
men, if they desire to go there. That is as far as my
amendment goes, subjecting these negroes, how-
ev< r, to certain control while they remain in those
Slates, foi the purpose of good order, and in order
that they may, by their labor, pay the expenses
of then 11ansportation to the country which our
beneficence maygive them. I behove,Mr.Speak-
er, that this is the method by which we can find
tli*> best gionndof pacification with the masses
of the southern people, with the great non-slave-
holding masses of the southern people, who, I
assure you, have been driven into this rebellion,
not hy any love of slavery, not hy any desire to
perpetuate oi extend it, but by an apprehension
which has been, from year to year, cultivated and
widely spiead among them, that it was the design
of c> Nam men m this country to emancipate the
slaves, and to put them on an equality with the
white men. I behave, as Jully as I believe any-
thing on eai th, that that is the very animus of the
re bell ion, so tai as the great mass of the southern
people aie con-euied; c{ rtaudy with regard to
the " iai;k and file," who alone should be con-
ciliated .
In confnmation of this \iew, I give an extract
from a i< tt'-r which I have just received fiom Mr.
Ar-'oid K'n kel, of f-'r. Ch irles, Missomi, a Ger-
man Bepnbln an, and one of the ablest and most
disu.M r men in the State of Missouri. I3e states
fa'is withm hi-.- own knowledge, which are con-
fn m< d by the < xpei icncc of every man who has
ai-y knoa 1. uge on the subject. He says:
oulei to do aeytiiujc with slavcrv in Mi-soui i ir i-;
absolutely aeccs-aiy to place fie sepaumoa ot the laeci- m
tho foregiounrl I have had dunn<? the List sn\ months
p-> culmr mean-; of asee: mining the view* of the hou-hun i,-
