1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
cannot answer Senators and say it is not so; but
because Mr. Girard at one time, or for any con-
siderable length of time, chose to take his own
risks, is no reason why another man should not
follow another course if he saw fit to do so. The
Government has thought it wise to follow this
course evidently, or it would not have been fol-
lowed for so many years. If they had found by
experience that it was unprofitable and unavail-
able, and only spending money for nothing, Lhe
result probably would have been that they would
have abandoned the system; they had the power
to abandon it at any time; but I think where it
has been adopted and continued year after year,
the inference must be that it has been found to be
beneficial; and it is hardly worth our while to the-
orize on the subject against experience. I really
believe that it is a^well to take it for granted that
there is an ordinary degree of integrity and an
ordinary degree of intelligence in those who ad-
minister the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment, and not to assume that they do notknow
how to conduct their business according to ordi-
nary rules, and in a reasonable, proper way, and
that they learn nothing by experience. Gentle-
men assume that; and if they know better, with-
out having any experience on the subject, of
course they will act as they see fit.
Mr. WILKINSON. That idea would with-
draw from the Senator from Maine and from every
member of this body all responsibility whatever.
I think he is just as capable of judging as the
President of the United States, and I think it is
the duty of Congress to decide these questions for
themselves, and not to be governed by what course
the executive department of the Government may
have seen fit to pursue heretofore. There are a
great many hoary-headed abuses that have clus-
tered around the Executive Departments of this
Government, and they exist yet; and the Senator
from Maine and Congress would do well if they
would correct some of them. I think this is one
of them.
Mr. POMEROY. Under some circumstances
and m some places it may be very well to insure;
but to insure goods on these western rivers, in
companies that are unknown to the country, ex-
cepting that they exist in some of our western
cities, i consider an entirely useless expenditure
of money. I know that goods that went up the
Upper Missouri last spring were injured; but I
should like to ask the Senator from Maine whether
he ever knew the Government to collect the in-
sutance? I know that my own expeiienee per-
sonally in that country is, that 1 never could col-
lect a dollar. Every policy that you get has such
technicality m it; you either did not have the
goods loaded right, or the boat run on the snag
at the wrong time, or the name of the boat was
not in the policy light; in short you are utterly
unable to get any insurance money at all. Dur-
ing an experience of five or six years of consider-
able business in that country 1 never was able to
collect one dollar of insurance, though I entered
in the regular offices.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What regular offices were
there ?
Mr. POMEROY. Offices in St. Louis. They
have agents along the Mississippi and Missouri
riveis.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this proposition is put
on the ground that there is such a bad state of
morals and honesty out m that country that it is
useless to insure, of course 1 have nothing to say.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to say further
that when a company insure for the Government
of the United States, they feel under much less
obligation to pay than they would if it were the
property of individuals. There is some obliga-
tion resting on a e.ompany to pay an individual
that they would not consider resting upon them
to pay the Government, i think the Government
has never yet collected a dollar of insurance in
that country, and I do not believe they will tor
years to come; and yet every agent will insure,
for the reason that there are so many applicants
for the insurance; and if the law allows it, they
will be sure to accommodate any one who comes
along desiring to insure goods. It is simply an-
other way of getting money out of the Govern-
ment without incurring any responsibility.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move five amend-
ments together, for the purpose of carrying into
effect a treaty which was proclaimed and pub-
lished after the meeting of Congress, and after the
regular estimates had been made:
To carry into effect the treaty of February 18,1861, with
Arnpahoes and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper Arkansas
river, namely:
Article one—For surveying the exterior of the reserva-
tion, and dividing the same between the two tribes, esti-
mated to be three huridied and fifty miles, at an expense
of ten dollars per mile for surveying, $3,500.
Article four, second scction—For the fust of fifteen in-
stallments of annuityof§30,000, to be expended for their ben-
efit, that to say, .<$15,000 per annum for each tribe, com-
mencing with tiie j car in which they shall remove to and
settle upon their reseivations, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, I860, $30,000.
AKo/tor the j-ame object, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1863, $30,000.
iTor transpoitation and necessary expenses of delivering
of annuities, goods, and piovisions* to the Aiapahoes and
Cheyenne Indians of the Upper Arkansas river for the fis-
cal year endins June 30, 1862, $3,000.
Also, for the same object, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1863, .35,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear some
explanation of these amendments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the Senate
that the treaty—to carry out which these amend-
ments are offered—was not proclaimed and pub-
lished until after the meeting of Congress, and
therefore an estimate did not go to the other House
in time to appear in the regular appropriations for
carrying in to effect treaty stipulations. All of these
provisions in the new estimate sent in by the Sec-
retary of the Interior are to carry that treaty into
effect. The treaty provides for the survey of the
line between two tribes. It is estimated that it
will cost ten dollars per mile, and tho distance is
three hundred and fifty miles. One of the mem-
bers of our committee—the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan]—has been long on the Committee
on Public Lands, before which this question of
surveying has often been considered, and after a
discussion in our committee as to what the prob-
able expense of surveying would be, we thought
it might be worth that sum, considering the na-
ture of the country and the distance it is from
supplies.
The other and the larger appropriation pi ovules
for the payment for their beni fit of the sum of
$30,000 per annum for fifteen years, that is to say,
$15,000 per annum for each tribe for that number
of years, commencing with the year at which they
shall remove to and settle upon their reservations,
making a sum of $450,000 in annuities in fifteen
years. This treaty has been ratified. It was a
treaty for the purchase of that country in Colo-
rado where Denver City is situated, and there was
a necessity for the purchase of that country from
the Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator read and explain that part of the treaty—
I am not familiar with it—that puts it upon the
United States to run this line.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The eighth article of the
treaty is in these words:
" All the expenses connected with and incident to the
malum* of tins a<ji cement, and the carrying out it« provis-
ions, Miail bo deiiaycd by the United States, except as
othenvise herein piovidod."
And the fitst article contains this clause:
" Aeemding to an understanding among themselves, it is
hereby agieed between the United States and the said uibes,
that tiie said reservation shall be surveyed and divided by
a hn<  to bo run due noith from ft point orrfli" noithcrn
boundary of New Mexico, fifteen miles west of the Purga-
tory river, and extending to the Sandy Fork of the Aikanw^
river, which said line f-hall establish the eastern boundmy
of that pot turn of the reservation to be hereafter occupied
by tiie Cheyenne?, and the icestern boundary of that por-
tion of said lescivation to be hereafter occupied by the
Aiapahoes."
Mr. PESSENDEN. Does tho Department
estimate for that ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; and estimates
the distance at three hundred and fifty miles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the amount?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At an expense of ten dol-
lars per nulo for surveying. It is in pursuance of
estimate, as are all the amendments 1 send to the
Chair m pursuance of the estimates of the De-
partment, and I believe necessary to carry out the
provisions at this treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer certain other
amendments, in ielation to the Indian service in
California, to be added at the end of the bill:
For Indian service m California :
For compensation of five supervisorsfor the reservations
in California, to instruct tbe Indians in husbandry, at $1,200
each, for fiscal year ending June 30,1863, authorized by act
of June 19, i860, $6,080.
For salaries of clerks to superintendents of Indian af-
fairs for the northern and southern districts of California,
for three quarters of the fiscal year ending June 30,1862, at
$1,800 per annum, $3,700.
For the same servicc for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863, at $1,500 per annum, $3,000.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and iniik, together with
clothing and food for Indians, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,18G3, for the northern district of California, $25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation of all these amendments as they go
along.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the first one
about the supervisors, the committee report in fa-
vor of paying hut five supervisors instead of eight.
The Department estimate that eight will be re-
quired, but the committee, in considering the sub-
ject, thought that five could discharge the service.
These supervisors are in fact a kind of agents or
sub-agents. They were named, however, in the
act in relation to California, as supervisors to in-
struct the Indians in husbandry, &c. In relation
to the salaries of clerks, the Department estimate:
" For salaries of clerks to superintendents of Indian af-
fairs for tbe northern and southern districts of California,
for three quarters of tiie fiscal year ending June 30, I860, at
$1,800 per annum."
The service in those cases has been performed
or very nearly so; the year is very nearly finished.
For the same service for the fiscal year ending
June 30,18G3, the committee determined that they
would allow them but at the rate of $1,500 per
annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are they provided for by
any law that makes it necessary?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no law, as I un-
derstand it, that requires the appointment of these
Mr. FESSENDEN. How is it with the super-
visors ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a law authoriz-
ing the appointment of supervisors. They are
authorized by the law of 1861. I desire the por-
i tion of the amendment in relation to the clerks for
i tlx.' year ending June 30, 1862, to lie over until
to-morrow morning,as 1 suppose we shall hardly
be able to get through with ail the amendments
to-day, and we can examine the subject and as-
certain whether they are authorized by law or
not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) That poition of the amendment will
be considered as withdrawn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I desire to say, in
relatioti to the clause for the purchase of animals
and cattle for beef and milk, together with cloth-
ing and food for the Indians in the northern dis-
trict of California, that the amendment offered by
tho committee proposes to expend the sum of
$25,000 for that purpose. The estimate of the
Department is for £100,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Additional estimates?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. These are additional es-
timates, which were sent in and printed. The
Senator will find them in Miscellaneous Document
No. 79. They have been printed and laid on the
tables of Senators, but perhaps have escaped the
attention of the Senator from Maine. A large
number of Indians were gathered together upon
a reservation called the Klamath reservation, in a
valley m California. There came asudden flood-
such a Hood as has never been known to rise in
California before. The water came down from
the mountains in such quantities that it actually
swept the whole Indian reservation away,all their
villages, and every building belonging to the Gov-
ernment, with the exception of one barn. It not
only swept away the buildings, but it piled up the
gravel on one side of the river, they say, some
two or three feet deep, and on the other side cov-
ered it with sand, so that the arable land, which
lies within these valleys, where the arable lands
are to be found in California, has been almost ut-
terly destroyed. The Indians have been swept
out, and it is estimated that the amount of prop-
erty which they have lost upon this reservation
is worth more than forty thousand dollars. It
! has become absolutely neressnry for the agent or
| superintendent there, m order to prevent them
j! from actually starving to death, to take measures
■j to do something towaids feeding them. He pre-
i! sents a proposition on his part, winch is also sub-
II mitted,and has been somewhat considered by the
