174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
STth Cons....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Spaulding.
Ho. oj? Reps.
holding chfe* engaged m the lebellion. 1 must, as provost
niatehai, have examined at Ica^t one thousand persons,
(our fifths of whom were not the owners of slaves, nor did
they fcel any interest in the institution, except that theydid
notwaiit to become the equal of the negro, thus justifying
tbeiracts, and alleging that the object of the Government
wa&.thehfaor.mon of the slaves, which more than any other
o!as= would affect the laboring part. Let me add that the
southern confederacy has had the full benefit of this erro-
neous impassion, and yet wiTh it, the non-slaveholder Is
beginning to grow sick of the war, which, if successful,
ifiSght keep him from his dreaded equality with the negro,
but would certainly not elevate him to an equality with the
slaveholder. Time and reflection will soon wotkavan
ehange m the views of the non-slavcholding portion of our
people, and unless some rash, foolish, and impracticable
scheme shall in; set on foot by our over-anxious friends, I
can seethe practical end of slavery in Missouri. Cut there
is danger in our 1'iiends oveileaping themselves, and this
danger I fear the more on account of the question being
made a political hobby by political aspirants."
I believe that influence which the few slavehold-
ers have exerted for the perpetuation of that in-
stitution would not have availed to suppoitthis
rebellion through one campaign, and could luive
been suppressed by two divisions of our Army.
I will not repeat what I have heretofore said in
the House on that subject, but it is my conviction
that on the basis of that separation of the races,
and their removal to some country congenial to
the organization of the African race, is to be found
the ground of pacification between loyal citizens
and the masses of the people of the South; an ob-
ject cettainly not less desirable to us than the
welfare of the negro mcc, which will also bo beat
subserved by this plan. We have groat motives
fordesnmg that pacification. I do not meanpa-
ciflcution with the leading- traitors; not with any
of those conspirators, who, with the oath to sup-
port the Constitution, have had their hearts fes-
tering with rebellion and hatred against the Gov-
ernment—not with any of that class of people.
Sir, I have confronted them in my own State. I
know what anguish and suflWmg they have
(nought upon us. 1 am as ready and as willing
as any man to mete out to them the full punish-
ment of their treason. But 1 do not Mi ore that
it would be either for the intciest or for the honor
of the country to carry it further. When we have
brought these men to punishment, we owcitto the
country, we owe it to the world, that wc should
again join hands with the great masses of the
southern people, and confront with them the de-
signs _which we all sue the Powers of Europe
halehiugaganiht the lepublicsof this continent. It
waa (he hour of our weakness that was seized by
the nionarehs of'Kurope to intermeddle in the af-
fan-N of the republics of this eon t men l, and to seek
to compose their own troubles by mnking com-
pensations for their conflicting rnetensions in Eu- ;
rope, and bestowing crowns anil thrones in Amor- II
ir.i to those who me compelled to yield up European I
possessions^ We see itasserted m the European
papeis that it is the design of Louis Napoleon to
give to Prince Maximilian of Austria the throne
of Mexico, in return for the surrender by Austria
of her hold on a portion of Italy.
it therefore becomes our Government not to
enter on the course that has been suggested, I am
sorry to say, by some of my friends on the otfier
side of the J louse. It becomes it not to arm the
negro race and accept such assistance against our
own race; our blood would not Jong permit us to
nidme such a spectacle. Ts:o remark has been
made in this House so derogatory to the courage
and prowess of the people of the North, as that
submitted to-day by the gentleman from New
Itork [Mr. Sf.dcwjck] to invoke the aid of these
negroes against the people of our blood and race.
Ho who invokes such aid can have no confidence
in the courage, the prowess, and the ability of the
twenty millions of people who adhere to this Gov-
ei iiienl, to put down the contemptible faction that
IS now ruling the South. U would put us on a
par with ihofco icbeis who have brought Indians
in to this conflict. It would disgust humanity and
disgia.ee tho nation.
Buf, Mr. Speaker, we have a great mission,
which oujrht to load us to pacification with the
mass of the people who have been drao-o-ed into
this ruoelhon. We must protect this continent
from the designs of the mouarchs of Europe; and
in no way can we do it so well as in the manner
which I propose. Let us provide a country for
these free_negroes, where they can have civil and
political rights, and whore they can grow up a free
and independent people, under the protection, pa-
tronage, and guidance of this Republic. We will
thus repay, threefold, the obligations that we owe
to that race, which has been always docile and
subordinate to our power, which has done its ut-
most to aid us, but which has now become an
incumbrance and a stumbling-block in our path.
I would not resort to compulsion. Butletusopen
the way for them to go. Give them a country to
go to, and if they are fit for freedom they will go.
Here they can never enjoy freedom. 1 believe
they are fit for it. I believe they are fit to found
a new empire on this continent. I believe they
were designed to found it in the tropics under our
supervision. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Davis] shakes his head. If he denies that
they will go, he denies that they are fit for free-
dom.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely shook my head because
I do not believe that any class or nation of men
would leave the land of their birth of their own
free will and accord.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania lives on a continent that was peo-
pled by colonists who came here because they
were denied the rights of freemen in the land of
their birth. He is himself the descendant of those
who came here for " conscience sake;'5 and every
white man on this continentisalivingand breath-
ing refutation of his statement. The case in
hand is in all respects similar, except where it is
stronger. In this case there arc climatic reasons,
and reasons growing out of the difference of races',
in addition to the political reasons which led to
the colonization of this continent by the white
race. I believe that as long as the negio race re-
mams here there is no hope, no possibility, nor
is it in any aspect desirable that they should have
any share in the political power of the country.
I think that the Almighty intended them for the
tropics, or that the tropics were intended for them
—one or the other is tiue. Ever)' attempt on the
prut of the human nice to frustrate that inten-
tion has brought destruction on the men who at-
tempted it.
Mr, DAVIS. What would you call tho tropics ?
Mr. BLA1II,of Missouri. 1 call that the tropics
where white men cannot live and maintain their
vigor and energy, in which all experience de-
monstrates that they cannot propagate and keep
up their numbers. That region, I contend, was
intended for the negro. The temperate zone, the
utcc-horse legion,us it is called, was intended for
the white man. Look over the map, and gentle-
men will see that the black or coloied races June
uniformly occupied the warm countries.
To restore the races to the regions designed by
the Almighty for their occupation, to which their
organizations are adapted, is to conform to na-
ture, to retrieve the error into which we were be-
trayed by cupidity and crime, to make the races
subserve the best interests and comforts of each
other by the interchange of the productions of
their countries, and make their intercourse one of
mutual benefit, instead of the mutual injury they
have inflicted upon each by their contact m the
same country. By liberating these slaves and
confiscating the property of "the rebels we shall
indemnify the nation for injury inflicted by the
rebellion; by removing the negro race to a country
of their own beyond our limits we shall take the
best security against the recurrence mthe future
ol thc convulsions which have torn our country,
arising from the morbid feeling created by the
presence of diverse races in the same community.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. E. G-. SPAULDING,
Of NEW YORK,
In the House or Representatives,
May 23, 1862.
The House having unita consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property aud free from seivrtuiie the slaves of
iebel>"—
Mr. SPAULDING said:
Mr. Spraker: It seems to be right and proper,
while we are taxing our own loyal people to pay
the enormous expenses of this war, that we should
endeavor to make the ringleaders of the rebellion,
who have fomented and brought on this terrible
state of things, pay as large a portion of these ex-
penses as is possible. To this end it is fit and
proper that Congress should exert all the power
it possesses in confiscating the property of reb-
els as lawful prize, and having it sold under an
order of the court, and the proceeds thereof paid
into the Treasury of the United States; and also
that such rebels should be deprived of the labor
and services of their slaves, from which they de-
rive their chief support. These propositions are
nowpending in this House,and we shall be called
to vote upon them on Monday next. These are
important measures, and I desire to say a few
words before givingmy vote. After the able ar-
guments that have been made in the Senate and
House by those who have been especially charged
with the subjects of confiscating the property of
rebels and the emancipation of their slaves, 1 do
not deem it necessary for me to make any extended
remarks.
Sir, the time has come when we must meet the
actual condition of things, and dispose of these
and other momentous questions presented for our
consideration in a practical way, and with a firm
determination to suppress this rebellion and es-
tablish law^and order m every part of the United
States. Success, regardless of the cost, is the all-
important thing to be attained. This rebellion
must be crushed out, and all the means which
God has given us must, sooner or later, be brought
into requisition to accomplish that result. The
sooner we earnestly put forth every eifort, and
apply all the means at our command, tiie sooner
will the rebellion be suppressed, and the less of
life and treasure will be expended.
What is the actual condition of things? All the
horrors of war are upon us. "War on a gigantic
scale—savage, unrelenting war is waged against
us by the rebels. Notonly do they kill our brave
sons and -brothers upon the field of battle, but they
murder them stealthily, stab and scalp them when
wounded, and disfigure and mangle them after they
are dead. The rebels in arm.-* against us are ene-
mies de facto, possessed of all the bitterness and
dorermm ation of the most unrelenting foreign ene-
mies. We are obliged to acccept this condition
of things. It has been forced upon us by their
own acts. The life of the nation is attacked, and
a most determined effort made to overthrow the
Government of the United States in all of the con-
federated States. They are our enemies. I am
disposed, while they are so in rebellion, to treat
them as enemies, and give to them only the rights
of war, and apply to them all the disabilities and
penalties of war.
As alien enemies, throwing off all allegiance to
the Government, trampling the Constitution and
laws of the United States under their feet, how
can they claim any protection from us? As en-
emies de facto, they can claim no rights except the
rights of war. Any gentleman on this floor hold-
ing up the Constitution as a shield to protect these
rebels it seems to me has not duly considered the
subject. Is it possible that men who utterly
lepudiate the Constitution, confederate together,
declare war, issue letters of marque and reprisal,
and are in open war against us, can claim any
rights under the Constitution? The laws of war
are against it. Common sense and common jus-
tice would revolt at any such claim, even if the
public law was not so emphatically against it.
If we were to proceed and indict the traitors m
arms against the Government for treason, (as we
have an undoubted right to do) under the provis-
ions of the Constitution, then they might in such
case claim to have their criminality decided by the
court under the strict rules of the common law and
the Constitution and statute laws of the United
States. In such a case, the argument of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr.Thomas] aught
have some application. But when the traitors are
engaged in actual war, then you apply to them
the laws of war. Having themselves repudiated
the Constitution, and having expelled the United
States courts from all the rebel States, so that you
cannot indict and try them under the ordinary
forms of judicial proceedings, they cannot com-
plain if you apply to them the laws which are
clearly applicable to the position which they have
voluntarily,but most criminally, chosen for them-
selves. Having declared war against the United
