2Q54:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
was the unfinished business of yesterday is now
before the Senate, without any motion at one
o'clock. The Senator from California first made
his motion two minutes before one. He can now
renew it to postpone the pending question and all
prior orders.
Mr. LATHAM. Very well, sir; I make that
motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I take it,
this Pacific railroad bill may take two or three
days to act upon it, and I suppose itis amongthat
class of bills that is going to pass. I called up a
bill yesterday, which comes up at one o'clock to-
day as the unfinished business, and I should like
to have it disposed of. I think we can pass it in
a short time. I hope, therefore, it will not be
postponed in order to take up the railroad bill. I
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I have understood in conver-
sation with the chairman of the committee that he
desires to submit a few remarks, which will not
probably occupy more than thirty or forty min-
utes, explanatory of the bill. It seems to me a
courtesy he has a right to claim at the hands of
the Senate. The chairman of the committee, who
reported the bill to the Senate with amendments,
desires to make an explanation of the bill and the
amendments. I have understood also that he does
not design to insist upon the continuation of the
consideration of the bill if the Senate should then
desire to take up some other subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If it is un-
derstood that that is the desire of the Senator, and
he is willing to have it laid aside, as a matter of
personal accommodation, I should be willing to
vield; but I want to have action on my bill to-day
if I can. "
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have not designed to
interrupt any exigent business of the Senate. I
do not now propose to make any contracts. I
thought I had an understanding a month ago, or
nearly a month ago, that this bill should be con-
sidered the next measure after the tax bill. I
intend now to urge it with all prudence and
promptness. I propose now particularly to make
some statements to the Senate, if I may be per-
mitted to do so, and I desire to have the amend-
ments of the committee acted upon, which can
be done in a very short time; and then I will not
interfere with other business; but I shall still urge
prompt action on this bill. I desire to progress
with it now to this extent: to have the bill before
the Senate, and the amendments of the committee
acted upon; and then, if there is any measure that
really demands the attention of the Senate at once,
I will yield ; but I intend to urge with all the
promptness I can the measure 1 have m hand.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
been employed nearly a month on the tax bill, and
there has been no opportunity to act upon any of
the bills that will take but a short time to dispose
of. Now itis proposed instantly to go on with
the Pacific railroad bill. I do not know whether
itis the intention of Senators to spend days in dis-
cussing that bill or not. I suppose the Pacific
railroad bill will pass at this session; at any rate
I intend to vote for it; but I certainly do not see
why the Senator should undertake to press Ins bill
at this particular time. There is a measure that I
called up yesterday, and which is the unfinished
business, that I should like to dispose of. I think
it may be disposed of in an hour or two. It is a
plain and simple proposition, and a good one.
Mr. LATHAM. I will ask my friend from
Massachusetts if he ever knew a measure involv-
ing slavery as much as does the bill he proposes
to take up to be disposed of in an hour?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We passed
a bill yesterday, without any debate, prohibiting
slavery in all the Temtories of the United States,
and the Senate came to that good conclusion with-
out debate.
Mr. LATHAM. That is very true; but that
question has been argued here years and years
and years. The proposition he now proposes to
act upon 1 do not think can possibly pass in that
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The prin-
ciples involved in it are merely a trial by jury and
proot of loyalty on the part of those who claim
the return of fugitives. 1 hope, therefore, the
Senate will stand by the proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts knows I am for his bill as much as he is
himself. I am also very anxious that we should
commence the discussion and the maturing of the
Pacific railroad bill. I should not like to see either
of the measures defeated; but if the Senator will
consent to allow us to commence with the Pacific
railroad bill and to act on our amendments, I
would not wish to pursue it then, but would give
way for his bill. ■-
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say that
there has been more time exhausted in this Sen-
ate upon little measures of no particular public
importance to the nation than will be demanded
in the consideration of this measure, a matter of
public importance that has demanded the atten-
tion of the nation for ten years, and to which every
party in the country has been pledged. So far as
I am concerned I do not now propose to make a
speech upon it. I wish to make a few statements,
not a speech. I do not think the friends of the
measure desire to speak on the subject. They
want the Senate simply to act upon it, and that
can be done in brief time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the motion to
postpone the pending order and all prior orders
for the purpose of talcing up the Pacific railroad
bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—5Iessrs. Crowning, Chandler, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Foster, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesinith, Pomeroy,
Powell, Saulsbury, Statk, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Willcy, and Wilmot—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Olark, Dixon, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Foot, Howe, King, Sumner, Wilkinson, and
Wright—11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 364) to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wili proceed with the
amendments proposed by the committee, and I
take occasion to say thattJie committee have agreed
upon the amendments unanimously, and I trust,
so far as they are concerned, that the Senate will
agree with the committee. The first amendment
is in line five, of the first section, after the name
of " Samuel R. Campbell," to insert the names
of other gentlemen as corporators. There are
also amendments proposed on the 2d and 3d pages,
adding the names of other gentlemen. 1 move
that those amendments be concurrcd in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Secretary will read the amend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
in the first section the following names;
Alfred E. Tiiton, John Anderson, Azariah Boody, John
S. Kennedy, J. Carver, and Joseph Field, of New Yoik;
Thomas M. Howe, William F. Johnston, Robert Finney,
and John A. Gieen, of Pennsylvania; Jolm Brougli, Wil-
liam Dennison, and Jacob jniickens.derfer, of Ohio; James
Hurley, James T. Ityan, Charles IJosmer, Charles Marsh,
1). O. Milh, and Samuel Bell, of California; Lymati Cook,
Samuel It. Curtis, Lewis A. Thomas, and Piatt Smith, of
Iowa; Nemehiali Bushnell and Lorenzo }?uIJ,of Illinois;
Benjamin F. Harding, of Oregon; and Wester Davis, of
Kansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on adding these names to the list of commis-
sioners.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is put, I wish to
add a name.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and to other Senators
on this subject, that after we have run through
the amendments of the committee, we can take
up the bill and add names, if it is necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; as the Senator
pleases.
Mr. DIXON. Is it in order to move the addi-
tion of other names?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator
from Connecticut to wait until we run through
the amendments of the committee, and then it will
be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The practice
is first to adopt or reject the amendments proposed
by the committee; and perhaps that would be the
moie convenient way.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
fifty, page 3j after the word"" railroad," to insert
"and telegraph;" so that it will read:
And the said corporation is hereby authorized and em-
powered to lay out, locate, construct, furnish, maintain,
and enjoy, a continuous railroad and telegraph, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-one, to
strike out " one hundred and second," and to in-
sert " one hundredth;" so that it will read:
From such points on the one hundredth meridian of lon-
gitude west from Greenwich to the western boundary of
Nevada Territory, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know the
reason for that change from the House bill. I
believe Kansas is bounded on the west by the one
hundred and second degree of longitude. I sup-
pose it was intended to commence this road be-
yond the limits of any State. There has always
been a question about the building of railroads in
States, and my understanding of the boundaries
of Kansas is that the bill as it passed the House
was made to conform to those boundaries. The
bill as it comes to us is for building a railroad be-
tween the States this side the Rocky mountains
and the State of California on the other side of
the mountains, through the Territories of the Uni-
ted States; but if this amendment is adopted the
railroad is to be built in the State of Kansas.
There may be reasons for it which I do not un-
derstand.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee originally
reported the bill in this particular just as it came
from the House of Representatives; but there
were some objections made that we were run-
ning too many branches in Kansas, and that the
branches were too long. We had another meet-
ing of the committee within the last few days,
and it was agreed to bring the point down two
degrees east, to the one hundredth degree, so as
to make these various branches from Iowa and
Kansas shorter. Those of us representing Kan-
sas did not like to appear as if we were wanting
to build long branches of unnecessary length;
and as it would save some six or eight millions
to the Government to make the branches shorter,
and as the Senator from Iowa and others thought
it was equally promotive of the public interest,
we consented to make the point of junction be-
tween Iowa and Kansas at the one hundredth
degree, instead of the one hundred and second. It
was merely done to shorten the branches, lessen
the number of bonds that the Government would
be obliged to issue, and promote equally the pub-
lic interests.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have not the map now
upon my table, although I designed to have it
here. I have sent for it; but I will say to the
Senator from Illinois that the change is an im-
provement on the bill. I have not sought to min-
gle at all in the controversies between the contest-
ant and rival influences at the eastern end of this
line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me, that is not the point at all.
It may be that it Would be an improvement in the
road. The point is this: it has been strenuously
contended here, and with a great deal of force,
and I think was the opinion oftheSenate in former
days—I do not know how it may he now—that
the Government of the United States could not
enter a State to build a railroad. This bill was
passed with that view, I presume, as it limits the
commencement of the road this side the Rocky
mountains to the western boundary of the State
of Kansas, which is the one hundred and second
d e°ree.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator if he
thinks there is any soundness in that opinion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is some force
in thatopinion. It certainly has been the opinion
of the party with which the Senator from Cali-
fornia and myself acted in olden times.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I beg the Senator's par-
don; the opinion of individuals of the party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. -Of the Democratic party,
which was right, in my judgment, upon a great
many questions. The old Democratic party was
very much averse to going into the States to make
improvements. I do not mean to commit myselt
at all upon this point; but it is a question which
has agitated Congress and has agitated the coun-
try; and unless there was some special reason for
changing the House bill in this respect, it oc-
curred to me that it would be better to adhere to
