THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CCWG-KESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1862.
New Series No. 43.
that portion of it which proposes to extend this
deduction of ten per cent, to the mileage of mem-
bers and others, and also to the allowances for
rations, quarters, commutation of servants, &c.
I believe the other portion to be ill-timed, for I
fear it will defeat the passage of this bill either in
this body or in the other House. I see in some
of these provisions matters that are essential and
proper and necessary. I do not desire to defeat
them. lam ready to meet the other (question,and
I will go for the reduction of the mileage at any
time on any separate hill, disconnecting it from
these reforms, and put it upon a proper basis.
I surest to the Senator from Wisconsin, and
to the Senator from Ohio, that if we reduce the
mileage now by this amendment, the reduction
will only continue during the rebellion, and we
shall have the old subject returning upon us to
be considered again when the rebellion is over, if
that should ever happen. Ifwe reduce the mile-
age, li t us put it upon some proper, permanent
basis. Take this deduction from the pay of the
officets of the Army during the war, and when
the rebellion is over they will be entitled to their
full salary; but make your provision in regard to
mileage permanent and fixed, not only for this
rebellion, but for all time to come.
I hope the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
will be rejected, so that we may move, if it will
be in order, that portion of it in regard to the
allowances to Army officers, unconnected with
the question of mileage. I think we should not
embarrass this bill with the question of mileage
at this time. I want it distinctly understood that
I am for the reform of this mileage. I only make
a question upon the propriety of its being inserted
here, because I think it will defeat this bill, which
is very much wanted, or seriously embarrass it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will give way
for a moment, I will, in compliance with the de-
sire of several Senators, modifymy amendment,
allowing it to stand as I offered it, and then the
other proposition can be offered as a separate
amendment. I am in favor of the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin, and I think it ought
to be adopted on this bill; but I do not wish to
compel any one to vote it on this proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it; to insert at the end of
the ninth section the following:
Ami the deduction =iia!l apply to all allowances for mile-
age ami for commutation for servants, forage, and rations,
and to all foes oi contingent allowances paid for personal
services, tiom the Trea*>uiy ot the United States.
Mr. CL A [IK. Is that the way the amendment
is now modified?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; that is the way I
propose it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to make a
suggestion to those who have this bill in charge.
I think the better way to come at this retrench-
ment is to tax everybody ten per cent, upon what
they receive out of the Government coffers. If
tlut is what you propose to do, do it in the form
of a tax bill, and then you will not get embar-
rassed by these constitutional questions about the
salary of the President and the judges of the courts
and your contracts with soldiers, and you will
reach everybody in the United States who receives
a dollar fiom the Treasury. If, in your tax bill,
you want to exempt anybody; if you think la-
boiers who work fur a dollar and a half a day
ought not to be rcachcd, leave them out; but that
is the only legitimate mode, in my opinion, to
reach this subject. If you want to tax them ten
per cent., tax them ten per cent.; and lam willing
to tax incomes five per cent, instead of three, as
we have done now, and that will reach them again;
but this idea of interfering where contracts have
been made grates upon my ear. I believe a con-
tract with one of these officers is as binding on
the Government as it is on the officer. Bui if they
receive $5,000 a year, let them pay a tax of $500
into the Treasury, and let the disbursing officer
deduct it when he pays the salary. It seems to
43
me that would get over a great deal of this stub-
ble. As to the subject of mileage that is a sep-
arate matter, and you should bring in a bill to
reduce it, if you want to do so.
These are my views; and I hope the Senator
from Ohio, who has given great attention to this
subject—and I have listened to him with great
interest—will consider whether that would not be
a more effectual mode of reaching the object he
wishes to attain; and the Senator from Massachu-
setts likewise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Rhode Island when he thinks I shall
get action on these bills if I am to wait until tax
bills are introduced here? I have already intro-
duced two or three bills, and have not been able
to get a vote of the Senate on one of them.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 suppose a tax bill is ma-
tured in the House of Representatives. I am
unable to answer when we could originate one,
because 1 do not believe it is within our constitu-
tional power; but I understand that there are tax
bills about to be passed through the House of
Representatives, and whenever they come here
we can amend them as we please. They cannot
deny us the right to do that. If they do not put
salaries in, I am willing to vote them in when the
bill comes here. That is all the answer I can
give.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am obliged to
say that 1 am opposed to the principle of this
ninth section altogether. I do not believe it is
honest. That is my objection to it. I have heard
it said that there was a battle down in the neigh-
borhood of Bull Run last spring; and this talk
about the necessity of sacrifice puts me in mind
of it. 1 heard it said it took about three days'
steady and laborious investigation to ascertain
which party was whipped; and we ought to have
another investigation set on foot at once, in order
to determine how the matter stands to-day be-
tween these two nations—if that is not treason-
able—between these two armies—which whipped
the worst, or which stands in the most danger of
being whipped.
I have just read a manifesto in some of the pa-
pers put forth by some of the representatives of the
State of Georgia—a man by the name of Toombs,
another one by the name of Cobb, and I do not
know but that there was a pair of them by that
name. 1 was edified by reading it. I was led to
the comfortable reflection that they were suffer-
ing; that they were having a hard time. I read
it this morning; and I came up to the Senate here
feeling better; but after listening to these speeches
I began to be afraid that we are suffering as much
as they are. I was not aware of suffering myself.
I know we are engaged in a war; 1 know it is made
an expensive one; i know itis made altogether too
expensive; but I will not listen to the idea, without
a protest, that we are not equal to the exigencies
of this war, whether it cost much or little, whether
it costs one year's labor or ten. A special indi-
vidual sacrifice is not required to meet these ex-
igencies. The resources of the people are abund-
ant. Employ them honestly; employ them fairly.
What does this ninth section propose? It pro-
poses as a special sacrifice during the rebellion,
and to meet it, that ten per cent, shall be deducted
from the salaries paid to almost all the employes
of the Government. Now, tell me why ? Because
these salaries are too high? If so, strike out the
words " during the rebellion," Make them just.
If they are too high now, they are too high m a
time of peace, and they are always too high.
Make them just right; put them as they ought to
be; pay what the services are reasonably worth.
Every honest employer will do that, whether a
Government or an individual.
But you want money, you say. Then tax what-
ever the salary may be. I adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Rhode Island. You pay a
colonel in the Army so much; a Senator and a
Representative in Congress so much. Be careful
first that you do not pay them too much; that you
do not pay them more than they earn; but when
you have agreed what the sum is which they earn,
nay it to them, and do not steal it. Then tax it
It is income to them; but it is no more income to
them than the interest a man draws on his money
is income. Tax it as income; tax all incomes;
and I do not care a fig how much you tax them.
Tax them five per cent, or twenty-five percent.—
five per cent., as was suggested by the Senator
from Rhode Island, or ten per cent., to meet the
figure suggested in the ninth section of this bill.
But what 1 do ask is, that the Legislature shall
agree as to what itis honest to pay its employes,
and then pay it fairly. It is income, I admit, but
it is not the only income. It ought to be taxed;
and I do not care a fig how high it is taxed; but
I say it is unfair to tax it one dime, one mill higher
than you tax every other class of income. It does
not seem to me to be right; it does not seem to me
to be honest; and I move to strike out the ninth
section, if the motion is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) in the opinion of the Chair it is not
in order, an amendment being proposed, which,
if adopted, will perfect the section. When that
shall be disposed of, it will be in order to move
to strike out the whole section; but motions to
amend by addition are in order before a motion
to strike out.
Mr. HOWE. I have accomplished the only
purpose I had, which was to indicate my view.
Mr. POWELL. I will suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs to con-
sent to an amendment to the ninth section. As I
understand that section, it deducts ten percent,
from the compensation of all persons employed in
the military, naval, and civil service of the United
States, except non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates of the Army, and warrant officers and sail-
ors of the Navy. That section, I fear, is liable to
grave constitutional objection. 1 suppose the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts uses the term "civil
service" in this section in contradistinction to the
military and naval service. The Constituiion
declares that the. salary of the President of the
United States shall not be increased ordiminished
during his term of office, and that the salaries of
the judges of the United States shall not be dimin-
ished during their terms of office. Consequently,
I have serious doubts whether 1 can vote for the
section, believing that it violates the Constitution.
I suggest to the Senator that he should except the
salaries of the President and the judges, so as to
relieve the section from constitutional objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the Senator from Kentucky that 1 have already
written that amendment with the intention of pro-
posing it. It may be, Mr. President, that it is
best to abandon tins section of the bill; but I must
say to the Senator from Rhode Island, and to the
Senator from Wisconsin, that I do not believe that
if it be abandoned we shall pass an act taxing
those persons who receive compensation from the
Treasury of the United States ten per cent, upon
their receipts. If that proposition should be made,
I think the Senator from Wisconsin would rise
then, as he has risen now, and propose that they
shall be taxed, but taxed no higher than other
persons are taxed upon income. To my mind this
proposition is a very plain and simple one. It is a
simple proposition that all persons receiving com-
pensation from the Treasury of the United States,
during the continuance of this rebellion,shall have
deducted ten per cent, of their receipts. The
proposition, in my judgment, is right, and it ought
to be put upon the statute-book of this country,
and put there immediately. It is right in itself,
that, in a crisis like that through which we are
now passing, those persons who are employed by
the Government should make a special contribu-
tion to the good of the country. It is a practical
measure, and the tax is easy of collection. You
have not to go through the system of taxation, re-
turning it to the Treasury; you have simply to
make a reduction of ten per cent, from the receipts.
The Senatoi^from Wisconsin repeats to-day
what he said the other day when we were talking
about the credit of this Government. When it was
said that the tendency of things was that the uov-
