1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2655
the principle of constructing the road only through
the Territories of the United States, and not go
into the States. I suppose that is the reason of
the limitation as it was inserted in the House bill.
The point is, that by putting this clause in the
bill and making this alteration, you will array op-
position to the bill, I am satisfied, upon constitu-
tional grounds, which I do not suppose the Sen-
ator from California desires to awaken, whether
there is anything in them or not.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that if this doctrine should obtain
and be regarded as sound doctrine, it would break
do wn the entire bill. The road is to bebuilt through
California: that is a State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the road through
California is not to be built by the Government
in the same way.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It amounts to the same
thing pretty much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me submit a question.
Does the Senator from California mean to commit
himself to the doctrine that the Congress of the
United States can charter a company to build a
railroad in his State ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. In reply to that I will
say that if the Government of the United States
has a right to build a railroad at all, it has a
right to grant a charter for it anywhere. When
the right of the Government to do the thing is es-
tablished, it is not limited by States or Territo-
ries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will sec that
that involves a great many questions. How are
you going to condemn the right of way in Cali-
fornia? Can the Government of the United
States do it? We have never yet had a law for
condemning the right of way in such cases. I
speak of cases where the line runs not through
the public lands of the United States. Of course
we are not now speaking of acts under the mili-
tary power. This is to build a railroad in ordi-
nary times.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will reply to what the
gentleman says as to obtaining the right of way.
If it is over Government property, we grant it by
the terms of the act. If it is over private prop-
erty, it has to be acquired according to the rules
that govern the acquirement of private property
for that purpose by corporations.
Mr. POMEROY. The question the Senator
from Illinois states is not in this bill. The bill
does not provide that the junction between these
two companies shall be made in Kansas; it only
provides that it shall bo made on a certain merid-
ian of longitude; and if it is made, as it probably
will be, in the Platte valley, it will not be in our
State, but in the Territory of Nebraska. The
question which is suggested here is notin the bill,
because the bill nowhere states that the junction
of these roads shall be within our State, and the
strong probability is that it will not be within the
State.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the honorable
Senator from Illinois what he will probably rec-
ollect very well,that during the last session of the
last Congress this subject was discussed when the
most ultra of the State rights school were on the
floor of the Senate, for some two days I think,
and the Senate, by a very decisive majority, de-
cided that the Government had authority and that
it was constitutional and proper for a charter or
privilege to be given to a road inside of a State
where it was deemed necessary for military pur-
poses, as this road is claimed to be. I regard that
question as res adjiulicala, so far as this body is
concerned. I suggest to the honorable Senator
from Illinois that rather than raise that point here,
he allow the amendment to be adopted, and that
at a subsequent period, if he thinks it of sufficient
importance to call the attention of the Senate to
it,"lie can submit it to their consideration.
Mr. COLLAMER. When this bill was pro-
posed to be taken up I voted on the ground of the
suggestion made by the Senator from Iowa, that
if the bill were taken up the Senator from Califor-
nia would explain the bill and explain his amend-
mentsand make such remarks as he thought proper
in the opening of this great question. I desire that
that course may he proceeded with, and I do not
desire to vote now upon amendments, this one or
that one, until we have heard that explanation
which I suppose he will give us. 1 trusthe will go
on, and not yield the floor until he finishes his
case and makes at Jeastall the showing he desires
as a prima facie case.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not want to con-
sume time in speaking, if there is no objection to
the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Many of us have not read
the bill, and we desire to have it explained.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I cannot run through the
details of the amendments, but I can explain them
as they come up, if it is desired. I will now, if
the Senate wish it, state some general facts in re-
gard to the measure.
Mr. LATHAM. If my colleague does not
desire to go on and make his explanation, with
his permission I will make an explanation myself.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will go on myself if
the course is not pursued which I indicated.
Mr. McD. then addressed the Senate in expla-
nation of the bill. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The amendments
agreed upon by the committee I have not had an
opportunity of examining, and lam very anxious
to have the bill suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] taken up; I there-
fore move that the further consideration of this sub-
ject be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock,
and be made the special order for that hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its being made
a special order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If it is not to be made a
special order, I hope we shall go on and act upon
the amendments.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts informed me that his purpose was to
move an executive session after the conclusion of
the remarks of the Senator from California.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To have the sense of
the Senate, I move that the further consideration
of this subject be postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock, and be made the special order for
that hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood that that
part of the motion in reference to making it a
special order, was withdrawn.
Mr. LATHAM. It is renewed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot agree to special-
orders being made at this period of the session,
unless the Senate so decide. I presume there will
be no difficulty in getting the bill up without
making it a special order.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the Senator from Maine
to consent that it be made a special order, with
the understanding that if it interferes with the
business he has specially in charge—the finances—
it shall be put aside informally, in order that his
measures may bo considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ifitisnottointerferewith
any of the appropriation bills that I may wish to
call up, I of course shall not make any opposition.
Mr. LATHAM. With that understanding the
motion can be adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With that understand-
ing, that the friends of the bill will not interpose
it in opposition to appropriation bills, I insist on
the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the bill will not be
made a special order. I have no objection to its
postponement.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 hope the Senator
from Illinois will allow us to have this bill made
a special order, with the understanding that we
will not press it to the exclusion of other busi-
ness. I trust the Senator from Illinois will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be made
a special order to exclude all other business.
There are other questions which may be quite as
important as this is. Although I am favorably
disposed to a Pacific railroad, 1 shall object to this
bill being made a special order. I beiicve it re-
quires a two thirds vote to make a special order,
and m order to ascertain that, it is necessary to
have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope, un-
der the circumstances, the Senator from Califor-
nia will let the bill go over to one o'clock to-mor-
row, without making it a special order, and then
he can get it up.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts knows very well that if any proposition
between twelve and one o'clock is brought up for
discussion, and is not disposed of at one o'clock,
the argument will be made with a great deal of
force that the Senate ought to go on and finish the
business then pending before the body; artd when
this bill goes over beyond one o'clock it is'vir-
tually postponed for the day. The friends of this
measure4have agreed with the chairman of the
Committee on Finance that if the Senate will con-
sent to make it the special order for one o'clock,
if it interferes with the business he has specially
in charge, it will not be pressed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator sees that the Senator from Illinois objects,
and that the yeas and nays are called for; and I
think it is very doubtful whether we have at this
moment much over a quorum here.
Mr. LATHAM. If we have not a quorum
here we ought to ascertain that, and not go on
with important business 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 object to this sort of
agreement entered into between the Senator from
California and the Senator from Maine, that al-
though the bill be made a special order, it is to
give way, and not to interfere with any bill which
the Senator from Maine has in charge.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No; anybusinessof the
Finance Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The arrangement is that the
special order is togive way to any thing the Finance
Committee bring forward. 1 do not believe in
making a special order conditionally in that %vay
by arrangement between Senators, and I think
the reason given by the Senator from California
why this bill should bo a special order, is the very
reason why it should not be. He says if it is not
made a special order, when,to-morrow, the hour
of one o'clock shall arrive, if we are then engaged
upon some other bill, the Senate will go on with
that billand finish it,and nottake up this; whereas,
if this is made the special order, we shall leave the
bill we are upon to take up this. That is the very
way so much time is taken up in the Senate. If,
when we have a measure under consideration, we
progress with it until it is ended, and make a final
disposition of it before taking up other business,
I have no doubt the business of the Senate would
progress much more rapidly. I think the bill had
better go over until to-morrow, and if there is not
some urgent reason why it should not come up
then, if there shall not be some other matter in
hand which the Senate shall think of more im-
portance than this, there will be no difficulty about
it. It is not because I wish to delay this measure,
but I do not wish it to be made a special order to
the exclusion of all other business to-morrow.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Illinois
regards this matter from a very different stand-
point from that from which I look at it. If he
represented the State I do, he would regard this
measure as paramount to all other measures, ex-
cept the appropriation bills. I regard this as the
greatest measure pending before Congress, next
to the bills necessary to carry on the Government.
As my colleague who has had this matter more
especially under his charge says, he has given
way day after day in order that Senators might
be accommodated. He gave way to let the tax
bill be disposed of. Three or four days have
passed since then in order that other measures
might go on. It is quite evident that unless the
friends of this measure insist upon its being pressed
with energy, and leftdaily as the unfinished busi-
ness until it is disposed of, this Congress will ad-
journ without anything being done in relation to
the measure. During the last Congress we passed
a Pacific railroad bill through both branches; but
it failed between the two Houses just exactly as
will be the fate of this bill, unless its friends stand
by it and press it to a final vote. Therefore, as a
friend of the measure, I never will consent that
this bill shall be given the go-by or discontinued
except where it interferes with the appropriation
bills, which are absolutely necessary to carry on
the Governmentand must be passed. Aside from
that, I regard all other bills pending before the
Senate as of minor consideration compared with
this bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say, and t think
I may say justly, that it is proper and right that
persons who have charge of important business
should be permitted to bring that business before
the Senate and have it considcied. 1 take the most
impoitant business to be the business of finance,
providing the means for carrying on theGoverr-
