APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
3*7th Cong....2d Sess
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Sargent.
Ho. off Reps.
Status, they must submit to all the rules of civil-
ized warfare, and if their property is confiscated
and tlieir slaves emancipated, they have no right
to complain.
What is the war power conferred on the Pres-
ident and Congress? By the Constitution, the
President is made " Commandor-in-Cluef of the
Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several States when called into the
actual service of the United States." The Con-
stitution confers on Congress the power, first, "to
raise and support armies;" second, " to provide
and maintain a navy;" third, " to make rules for
the government of the land and naval forces;"
fourth, " to provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions;" fifth," tograntletters
of marque and reprisal;" sixth, "to make rules
concerning captures on land and water;" seventh,
" to declare war;"eighth, " tomakealllaws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers." Ill pursuance
of these war powers conferred on Congress by
the Constitution, laws have been passed to carry
them into execution. The public laws of nations
declare the rights and penalties of war. More
than one hundred articles of war have been adopt-
ed by Congress for the governmentof our Army.
At the extra session in July last, Congress passed
various laws which were then deemed " neces-
sary" to ciush out the rebellion. Congress passed
those laws, and the President executes them, in
accordance with the rights of war.
Among the rights of war is the power to confis-
cate enemy's pioperty and liberate their slaves.
One of tin; express powers confei red on Congress
by the Constitution is to call out the militia " lo
suppress insurrections," which means that you
have unlimited power to effectually suppress the
present or any other insurrection. All the means
necessary may be employed to suppressjt. Noth-
ing within the range of civilized warfare is withheld
from you m this crisis. Congress may, m the
language of the Constitution, pass "all the laws
whir h may be necessary and proper" to suppress
the "insurrection." If the lawsnowon the statute-
book are not sufficient,it is ourduty to passother
and more stringent laws, confer more power on
the President,give him ample power to make our
success complete and certain. Let the rebellion
he terminated in the shortest time, and with the
]",itt possible sacrifice of life and treasuie. The
continuance of the war is extremely hard and ex-
hausting to our volunteer soldiers, and the enor-
mous expenses will impose heavy burdens upon
the people. Eveiy consideration of patriotism
and duty requires us to put into active exei rise at
once all the means within our reach to bring the
war to a speedy and successful termination.
What aie the tights of war, and what are the
ordinary means which may be brought against
these rebels to weaken then- power and crush out
the rebellion? As enemies ilefacto it is conceded
you may blockade their pons, preventing all ex-
ports and all imports or supplies ft om abroad; you
may cutoff all internal supplies by depriving tlieni
of the use of railroads, canals, lakes, livers, and
all other means of transportation; you may cut off
all communication by mail, telegraph, express, or
otherwise; you may eapiure their vessels, their
supply train's, sink their ships, destroy their mil-
itary stores, and meet them face to face in battle,
and kill, capture, and dispevse their hostile forces.
Ali these oidiuarv*meai)s have, been tried during
till! last year, and siill the ringleaders who fomented
this rebellion are more despeiate than ever. War,
t,iK«ntic,uindenting war,still goes on. The. rebels
ore more determinedly our enemies than ever be-
fore, and a call is made by the President for more
troops to fidit them, in this state of things what
is to he done? Are tlieie no other means that can
boused to strengthen ourselves and weaken the
power of the rebels, and thorny insure their de-
feat ? This is the great question we are now con-
sidcnng. All the authorities sustain the doctrine
that you may under the war power coruscate tuc
i.rcpei tv ofenemies, and may liberate tlfeirslaves.
Oil the power oflibeiatuig slaves, John (Xumcy^
Adams lays down the doctrine that, in time
war, mil or foreign, " not only the President oi
the United States, but the commander of an army
has the power to order the universal emancipation
of the slaves," It is evident, however, that he
regarded it as a power subject to the action of Con-
gress. With a call to suppress insurrection, he
says, " comes full and {denary power to the Sen-
ate and, House over the whole subject. It is a war
power."
The extrefne measures of confiscating the pri-
vate property of rebels, and the liberation of their
slaves, have not yet been tried to any considerable
extent during this war. Is it a war measure ne-
cessary to success at this time? If it is necessary,
will Congress and the President have the courage
and the firmness to exercise this power boldly?
Will this Government strike these rebels where
it will do them the most harm ? Will you take
from them their property and liberate their slaves?
Will you deprive them of the most effective means
of carrying on the war? Take away their indi-
vidual property, and deprive them of the labor and
services of their slaves, and you strike a blow at
(he heart of the rebellion. You would then so ike
directly at the root of the evil. Give a death-blow
to slavery, and you would soon be able to termi-
nate the war.
We have already taken some positive steps in
advance on the slavery question during the present
session. Slavery has been abolished in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The capital of the nation is for-
ever freed fiom the taintof involuntary servitude.
We have passed a new aiticle of war, which pro-
hibits commanders of divisions from returning
slaves that voluntarily come within their lines.
We have extended the ordinance of 1787, prohib-
iting; slavery in all the Territories of the United
States, And we have passed a resolution offering
pecuniary aid to States that shall enter upon o
gradual emancipation of the slaves within their
limits. Those enactments are m accoidance with
puMic sentiment and the progressive spmtoftin-
age. Shall we advance .still fui tlier in the work of
emancipation ? This depends somewhat upon ihe
necessity of such a measure and the pi obaUc du-
ration of the war. 1 low long is the war to con-
tinue ? No man here is wise enough to determine
how long it will continue, nor how mueh blood
and treasure will be expended in its pio.MM utiou.
The Richmond Enquire! (ollicial ur^in oi the con-
federate administration) uses the Inllovwng lan-
guage, evidently by authority:
Mint wo am giruified to mv that tlie time lias conic
wlien.loi tiieluiuie.it we all ^-hali beauieod, AIJ
voluntaiy lulling bnek fia-> ended and the lujhtiiitj life, com-
menced. What the enemy gam* Jicnce/bilii he gains by
the bayonet. WJiat wc can win from Jn'm we will have.
Wo wiiJ bn'.ik In* columns, and puisue bun into Ins own
cowjUy, if God shall pio^pei ouraims. Strike! el like of'lert,
strike hard, stiiko ar eveiy ojipoi tumty— h heneefoiill the
mle. Viirilanoc, activity, rnteipiibe, daun&, aic, we tiust,
to he its lnieiptetui.''3
The longer the war continues, the more desper-
ate will it become,and the more certain will it be
lhatsbivery is doomed. The advice ol the Rich-
mond Enquiier to the rebels, to u strike ! strike
often, stiike hard, strike at every opportunity,"
shows the desperate character of their cause.
Aio we lo be struck often, and struck hard at
every opportunity, without giving hard blows in
ictum ? Itvustnot. WavtvieunstosmkeoUenand
strike haid on both sides. " An eye. for an eye,
and a tooth for a tooth.*' "War teaches us to use
ali the means within our power to sti engihen oui -
selves and to weaken our enemy. Lotus weaken
him in every possible way within the rules of civ-
ilized wart.ue. We should strike him personally,
stnp him of his property, and stiike the shackles
from eveiy slave that by Ins labor and services
j gives lnm support. These are the rights (if war,
and 1 am piepared to see them fully enforced.
We ha\c been foiced by rebels into this unnat-
ural and unnecessary wai. We have aheady ex-
pended over fix hundred millions of dollars m its
prosecution, besides, what is of far greater conse-
quence, many thousands of om* (naive soldiers
have been slain on the field of battle, and have
died by disease brought on by the penis and hard-
ships of the campaign. Is all this blood and treas-
ure to be expended without accomplishing any-
thing beneficial to the nation, to ci\ lhzation, and
the rights of man? I tiust not. We wow want
and must have a final settlement of tins whole
difficulty. Slavery was the cause of this gigantic
s. and wicked rebellion. Slavery should receive its
i! doom, thereby removing the cause of future dif-
ficulty. Iiebqjg have fomented and brought on the
war, and their property should pay a large share
of the expenses incurred. These questions must
now be met. They cannot* be postponed The
laws of God and man require us to vote on the
sido of justice and humanity. 1 shall, under the
circumstances, vote to confiscate the property of
leading; rebels, and to liberate their slaves.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. A. A. SARGENT,
OF CALIFORNIA,
In tim House of Representatives,
Jwr«n 23, 1863,
The rrotid? having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate tlfe pioperty and free from servitude the slaves oi
rebels—
Mr. SARGENT said:
Mr. Speaker: I intend to vote for the measures
under consideiation. I shall do so for two rea-
sons: first, because I believe them to be right;
and second, because T believe them to be expe-
dient. I believe them to be right in that I con-
ceive wc have full power and jurisdiction under
the Constitution to pass such measures; and L be-
lieve them to be expedient because sound policy
requires us to strike harder blows at this rebel-
lion than any that have heretofore been given, if
wo expect a prosperous issue to this war.
The debate upon these measures has been long
and able, and little of reason or authority is left
ungleaned upon either side of the question. 1 con-
tent myself with assigning the reasons which in-
fluence the votes 1 shall give upon, perhaps, (ho
most important subjects ot the session. This Con-
£ re*s is called upon to grapple with issues of such
momentouscharacter—issues not of ourown seek-
ing, but forced upon us by the exigencies of the
Jay—that the wisest may well doubt his own
judgment, and hesitate to cast a vote which may
be iraughl with feaiful consequences to the pres-
ent and future. Upon one hand, as the flames of
a f.uialie rebellion are spreading devastation over
the lend, the great necessity is apparent fur I Con-
gress to de\ise means by which its consuming
hies may be quenched, and an example be made
of traitors that shall inrcver stand as a warning to
coming ages. On the other, arises the question,
whether our efforts to check the rebellion by
threatened confiscation or punishment may not
add to the intensity of the hatred now felt towards
the Constitution and Union by the rebels in arms,
or bring them new allies in the border States.
1 think it will be found from the course this
discussion has taken that those who doubt the
power of Congress to act in the premises are also
those who have the greatest fear of exasperating
the Soulh. It seems to me, sir, that such genth-
inen take counsel principally of then timidity.
Upon what other principle do they continually
urge that a confiscation act directed against the
men who are now engaged in malignant warfare
against us will tend to foster rebellion ? Wo pro-
pose no confiscation of the property of loyal men.
We level nut our thunders against the victims of
secession rage who now fill southern prisons, or
aie hunted thiough the mountainslike wild beasts
by their former neighbors and fiiends. U is
against the authors of these atrocities, whose
hearts are filled with bitter hate against ali who
clin? to the Union of the fathers, who have vio-
lated every law human and divine, and now revel
in a saturnalia of blood, that we ami our laws of
confiscation anil reprisal. Think you, sir, that
we can add to their fiendish hate; that their Jn-
genuity can invent any new outrages against law
or life t Thin k you, sir, that that spirit of secession,
which has bf cn characterized by one of their vic-
tims, himself a southern man, (Mr. Brownlow,)
as "the spn it of murder and assassination—-the
spirit of iiell," can be rendered more diabolical
j by any agency of ours? The chmax was long
| since reached. These bitter fruits of secession
ripened early in the rebellion. The rebels long
■ ago credited this&overnmentwUh a design tosub-
jugate and crush them, to free their slaves, and
confiscate their property. For a year of almost,
pusillanimous patience we have witnessed their
!l outrages against even the laws of war. Wo have
