674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
eminent was drifting into bankruptcy, the Sena-
tor did not like the words; and to-day he comes
forth again, and says he docs not like the tone of
this debate because some of us choose to meet
things as they are, and to talk about preserving
the impaired credit of the Government. Now, sir,
I say to the.Senator that if there be one thing more
than another that the Congress of the United States
should consider by day and by night, it is the
preservation of the credit of the Government of
the United States that has been impaired to a great
extent. 1 know that the people of this country
have resources—resources of blood and of treas-
ure—but the Government of the United States has
no resources, has no money, owes to-day more
than forty millions of dollars which are now due,
and cannot pay a dollar of it. Yes, sir, more than
forty millions of dollars are now duo, and there
is no money in the Treasury to pay it. You have
got an Army of five hundred thousand men in the
field; and you have to-day, under the appropria-
tions of your own Congress, only $7,000,000 of
appropriations to pay that Army, and no money
in the Treasury even to carry out that law by
■which $7,000,000 stand to their credit.
We are talking about passing a Treasury note
bill to authorize the issue of notes to the amount
of one hundred or one hundred and fifty millions
of dollars, and make those notes a legal tender.
Such is our condition to-day. Now, sir, I am for
taxation to preserve the credit of this Government
and to furnish resources to this Government. I
am for the reduction of every salary under this
Government that we can reach; and here is a de-
duction of ten per cent, at once. Then, sir, I am
in favor of taking up the biiis proposed by the
Senator from Ohio, and going over those bills,
making;.the salaries as just as we possibly can.
making a general deduction,but making some ap-
proach to equality in the compensation we pay to
the employes of this Government. Some of them
need a little reduction; others need reduction of
the largest kind—some of them, in my judgment,
at least fifty per cent.
I notice one thing: we talk a great deal about
taxation; the press of the country talks of taxa-
tion; the people, we are told,clamor for taxation;
but whenever it is proposed in Congress to tax
anybody or anything, that body or that thing pro-
tests. You cannot reach any quarter, you cannot
propose to tax in any direction, that you do not
have letters written to you and a class of men
flocking to Washington and saying " that is not
the thing to tax; those are not the persons to tax."
We talk-about the reduction of salaries; but when
we propose to reduce inanydirection,wearetold
"that is not the direction to reduce," Sixty days
of this session of Congress have passed, and we
stand here talking about an advance of the Army,
complaining of the men who manage the military
affairs of the country; but if wo are making more
progress than the Army is, I should like some-
body to point it out. 1 believe this section of the
bill is right; I want to see it upon the statute-book.
If Senators say that it must he abandoned and that
we must put it over for the tax bill, I cannot con-
trol it; but 1 believe if we abandon it, if we put it
over for taxation, wo shall not tax the Balanes of
the officials of this Government ten per ccnt., but
wo shall put them on an equality with the people
in their income taxes. The Senator from Ohio
already feels how hard it is to got through his
measti res to red uce salaries. My judgmen t teaches
me that I should stand by this section and have
the vote of the Senate upon it. I shall therefore
so act; for I believe it will do some good, and will
contribute something to restore the credit of this
Government, that uffunking daily under our feet.
The Senator from Wisconsin smiles at the
thought. Why, Mr. President, there was a time,
and not far back, when the credit of this Govern-
ment stood high, when it could command its mil-
lions; but to-day, with $40,000,000 due the people
of which the Government is unable to pay a red
cent, we propose to issue one hundred or one hun-
dred and fifty millions of dollars of paper money,
and to make that paper money a legal tender.
That is our condition, and it is proposed on ac-
count of our immediate wants. We are going on
to spend five or six hundred millions of dollars a
year, and no way lias yet been pointed out to ob-
tain that money, and it will take a long process
to reach it, It is in yain for us to cry up the credit
of this Government, to boast of Uf oy .talk of it,
unless we perform the acts necessary to sustain
and uphold it; and I believe that if there is one
thing more than another that we need show the
people of this country, it is that we are ready to
make some sacrifices.
The view which the world must have of us is
that we are a nation—I had al most said of thieves;
I will say, of plunderers. We are engaged in a
gigantic struggle for national existence. Here are
the reports of your House committee of investi-
gation; here are your speeches pointing out plun-
der and robbery oftheGovcrnment of the country
and of the men engaged in supporting the cause
of the country in the field. These reports spread
among the people make them feel that the men
who manage public affairs aie not an incorrupt-
ible and self-sacrificing class of public men. 1
think we ought to take the burden on ourselves;
wc ought to reduce our own receipts, and we ought
to feel to-day that we are ready to sacrifice any
part of our salaries, anything we have on earth,
and our blood, if need be, to sustain the credit
and the cause of the country. I think every self-
sacrificing act of the people or of the Government,
or of the men connected with public affairs, is a
contribution to the cause of our country; and there-
fore I regretted to hear the Senator from Wiscon-
sin rebuke the idea that it was necessary in this
crisis of the country to make special sacrifices. I
believe that every sacrifice we make, or propose in
good faith to make, is a contribution to the cause
of our country in this crisis.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I agree with very
much of what has been just said by the Senator
from Massachusetts; in fart, in some respects I
should go further than even lie does; but I think
ho is mistaken in one point. I think what he says
of the credit of the Government—if ho intends it
precisely as ho says it—i« not exactly just or true.
It is my judgment to-day that if a popular loan of
$300,000,000 were offered to the people of the Uni-
ted States in small sums, it would be taken up in-
stantly by the great mass uf the people. I believe
if a patriotic appeal could he made to the people
of the United State# upon the subject of the credit
of their Government, if thoy could at the same
time understand that thru- armies are about, to
march to victory, thoy themselves would dof. nd
and support it. Hut perhaps there i.< not time for
a proceeding of that sort.
I am very glad, for one, that this subject of
finance is beginning to attract the attention of the
Senate. We have been talking during the session
of many other matters of undoubtedly great im-
portance; but here is one which is the most im-
portant question that can be presented to the con-
sideration of the Senate and of the country. [
rejoiced, therefore, to hear what was said by the
Senator from Ohio; and I concur entirely with him.
I am forgoing deep into this matter of reducing
salaries. I think that the first point at which we
should strike is our own compensation; and I re-
grot that the Senator has been satisfied with pro-
posing to reduce the compensation of civil officers
merely ten per cent., so far ns he includes mem-
bers of Congress. In my opinion the reduction
ought to be greater—ten per cent, is a tiifimg re-
duction for us to make at a nine like this in our
own salaries.
When the compensation of members of Con-
gress was increased from an average of about one
thousand five hundred dollars a year to $3,000 a
year, it was thought by the people of this coun-
try at that time, although the Treasury was re-
dundant and overflowing, that the increase was
too great. That was the general opinion; but it
was acquiesced in. Now, sir, at a time like the
present, no one would propose such an increase.
If our compensation stood where it did before, an
increase of fifty per cent, would be considered at
this time as entirely too great. It is my opinion
that at least twenty-five per cent, ought now to be
deducted from the compensation of members of
Congress during the war; and I should be glad to
vote for a reduction of that amount. If the com-
pensation wore reduced to its former position,
eight dollars per day, I believe that the public in-
terest would not be injured, and that the public
themselves would be bettor satisfied. We prob-
ably should aot sit so long. We probably should
speod our time better than we do now. I do not
say that we do not now spend it in the best possi-
ble way. I do n.ot say that every day taken up in
debate here is not wisely and properly used, ex-
cept what little time I myself occupy. That, I
think, is worse than thrown away. [" Oh, no."]
Salaries ought to be reduced; and first our own
ought to be reduced more than any others. The
public ought to be satisfied that we arc willing to
make sacrifices. A good deal is said about sacri-
fices. I tell you, sir, we have not begun as yet
to perceive what sacrifices are to be made in this \
war. I may say for myself that (though I claim
no foresight, I have less than he who has the least
in this body) I have seen for a year past that this
country was to be called upon to make immense
sacrifices. The people are to give up their lux-
uries; I fear they are to give up many of the ne-
cessaries of life. I do not know but that some of
us would say, as a philosopher once did, that he
was willing to give up the necessaries of life, but
oould not spare the luxuries. [Laughter.]
If sacrifices are thus to be made; if the people
are to find the necessaries of life cut down by the
distress in which the country is placed, where
should it begin, where should it most be felt?
Should it not commence with the Legislature?
Should not those who have the control of the le-
gislation of the country feel most and suffer first?
It seems to me that the people will never be sat-
isfied unless they can see that those who control
and originate the legislation of the country at least
suffer as much and sacrifice as much as they aie
called upon to do.
I am not, in the least degree, discouraged in
regard to the financial condition of the country;
and here I think the Senator from Ohio, and the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts,and one or two other
Senators,are, if I may ventuie to say so of them,
in error. They have presented a dark picture
of the condition of the country. True, sir, it
has a dark side; but the resources of the coun-
try are ample. Suppose our expenses are now
$500,000,000 a year in time of war. What are
the expenses of England now in time of peace?
The amount raised m England by taxes, in time
of peace, is <£50,000,000 ($250,000,000) per annum
on an average, varying but little from year to
year. Suppose we raised that sum by taxation,
$250,000,000; it would pay the interest on our
debt, and it would pay so much of our annual
expenses as would show that whatever debt we
incurred would be merely temporary. We ought
to devise some scheme of taxation by which at
least $150,000,000 can be raised. If England,
richer and having greater resources than we, can
raise, in ordinary times, §250,000,000, can we
not, at this time, raise $150,000,000 by taxation ?
Then where shall the tax fall? Of course, there
will be great differences on this subject as to the
objects of taxation; but at this time I do not in-
tend to ask the attention of the Senate upon the
question. I believe there is a great variety of
excise duties that might be imposed. Domestic
manufactures of every species might be taxed. A
certain species of articles, the use of which ought
to be discouraged, such as spirituous liquors and
articles of that character; they might be taxed
to a very large extent, with great advantage to the
public, and the icsuIt would be to laise a large sum
of money.
if this wore done, if the people could see thu
intention of taxing all inteiosts equally, if they
could see that the duty of their representatives,
on this subject, was to be performed, they would
meet their own duty cheerfully. They want, at
the same time, to see that we are willing to make
propei sacrifices on our pait,and 1 trust wc shall
show that wc are willing to make them. For my-
;! self, I shall vote for this clause of the bill most
cheerfully, and I would vote for it more gladly
and more cheerfully if, instead of ten per cent.,
the reduction were at least twenty-five per cent,
so far as our own compensation is concerned.
; Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am afraid my
fi iendsaro a little apt to misunderstand either what
I said or what I meant. Anybody on this floor
who flatters himself that he has brought into this
camp more willingness to make personal sacrifices
than I have brought here, is extremely likely to
wake up some time and find himself mistaken on
that point. Let me say right here now, that if
the question be a reduction of salarits, I do not
think I shall be found making any objection, if
that is what you mean. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has told us that there are people who
believe this a nation of thieves. 1 am sorry to
hoar it. I did not know it. I thought the fact
