THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
ment; and the chairman of the Committee on Pi-
nance should be heard in the Senate when he is
prepared to present his measures. He has been
heard. So with the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs; when be has business and is
prepared to present his measures he should be
heard. He has been heard, and action has been
taken on his measures at all times. Here is a
measure of like magnitude. I will not compare
it particularly with others. I had the honor to
be chairman of the committee which considered
this bill. I- have sought theear of the Senate for
a long time. I have come here day after day ask-
ing for action. Why is it not legitimate that there
should be a day fixed when the subject shall be
considered, ana when the friends and adversaries
of the measure may be here together to engage
in the discussion ? I think it proper and right that
upon questions of this kind there should be a spe-
cial order made. I want to know, when I come
into my place in the Senate, whether the subject
I have charge of is to be considered; and to have
it certain, if it is a matter of sufficient magnitude,
that it will then be considered. I desire to have
the motion of the Senator from Kansas sustained,
and have this bill made a special order to-morrow,
or at some time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 think we
are consuming a large amount of time in discuss-
ing this matter. Senators have taken up this
measure to-day; why have they not gone on with
it? Why is it proposed to arrest it?
Mr. McDOUGALL. We are trying to go on.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then let
the Senator go on to-day and finish his bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator from Massachusetts, I will say that
I expressly stated, when I made the motion, that
it was for the purpose of permitting his bill to be
fassed to-day, the bill he introduced, and which
am very anxious to have passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I was not
in when the statement was made.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I made the statement
expressly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
see anything to be gained specially by making
this bill a special order. I am very willing to do
it, but objection is made to it, and I think the
Senators to-day may as well let it go over until
one o'clock to-morrow. I think there will be no
trouble in their getting the matter up at that time,
and then they will see whether it is best to make
it a special order for the future.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the committee whether he expects to get
a vote on the final passage of the bill before next
Tuesday.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I cannot say when I may
ask a vote. 1 do not expect to get one before that
time, but I cannot anticipate the future.
Mr. BROWNING. I am satisfied that we shall
economize time by making this bill a special order.
Every time a proposition has been made to take
it up, I will not say that time has been wasted,
but certainly a good deal of time has been con-
sumed in the discussion as to whether it should
be taken up or not, and that will continue to occur
every time a proposition is made to take it up,
unless it be made a special order. We shall
economize time by agreeing to this motion.
There is another thing: I believe that every
important measure of tins session has, at the re-
quest of the Senator who had it in charge, been
made a special order. Now, wby should we make
an exception against the Senator from California,
the chairman of the committee upon this bill?
This is unquestionably asimportanta bill in some,
respects as any we have had before us, or are
likely to have before us, it is one of immense
magnitude, involving larger interests than any
other that has been before us, or that will come
before us. AstheSenatorsays, he desires to know
when he comes into the Senate in the morning
whether this bill is to be under consideration and
discussion or not, that he may be prepared to
meet it, and that he may be promptly in his place,
that he may postpone all other business, subor-
dinate everything else to this, and come forward to
act on it. If we make it a special order, he will
know when it is to come up; every one will
know, and every one will be prepared. 1 think
We shall economize time, not only by having it
before us without consuming time m discussing
the question whether we shall take it up or not,
but we shall economize time by the preparation
we ourselves have made to act on the various
questions connected with it. I hope an exception
will not be made against the Senator from Cali-
fornia, but that his bill will be permitted to be set
down as the special order for one o'clock to-mor-
row, and I am perfectly willing that an under-
standing shall be had with the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, that the friends of this
measure will at any time yield to him when he
thinks it necessary to press measures relating to
the expendituresof the Government or itsfinances.
Mr. MORRILL. I take some interest in this
measure, and perhaps I may be allowed to sug-
gest to Senators that it is in great danger of being
prejudiced by an impression given to it here that
this is a peculiar interest toa certain section ofthe
country. Senators talk this morning about the
friends of this measure; and the Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Latham] says that, of all measures,
it is the one in which his constituents are most
interested; and that if the particular, peculiar
friends of this measure do not push it through, it
will be lost. Now, I had supposed that this was
a great national measure, and that to go at all, it
must go, not because some particular interest is
solicitous for it, or because some particular State
is behind it, but because it commends itself to the
general sense of the nation, and in that no man
has a right to say that he is foremost, or stands
ahead in the Senate. I am ready to consider it at
any time.
I want to say to the Senator from California
who has the charge ofthis bill, [Mr. McDougall,]
that I have given it that consideration which will
enable me to vote upon it now or to-morrow. If
it is the sense of the Senate to make it the special
order, I have'no objection, but, on the other hand,
am quite willing to agree to it; but I have under-
stood that the general policy of the Senate seemed
to be against the assignment of these bills, and
making them special orders. I think that the Sen-
ator from California who has charge of the bill
will find all his ends answered if he allows the bill
to go over until to-morrow, trusting that there
will be no difficulty in its coming up whenever he
shall see fit to bring it forward. He will find no
objection from me; and I think it is a mistaken
idea that there is in the Senate any hostility to a
bill for a railroad to the Pacific.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely wish to say to the
Senator from Maine, that the remarks I made
were in response to the remarks of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] I claim no local
special character for it as a friend of the measure.
My suggestion was merely in reply to the argu-
ment made by the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on postponing the bill
until to-morrow at one o'clock, and making it the
special order for that hour.
The Secretary commenced to call the roll.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the permission
of the Senate, I desire to withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call hav-
ing commenced, the motion cannot be withdrawn
unless by unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion? ["No objection."] The motion is regarded
as withdrawn, and the question is on the adop-
tion of the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move now
to take up a bill which it is very important to pass
to-day, providing for additional medical officers
for the volunteers.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
343) to provide for additional medical officers of
the volunteer service was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint forty surgeons and one
hundred and twenty assistant surgeons of volun-
teers, who are to have the rank, pay,and emolu-
ments of officers of corresponding grades in the
regular Army, but no person to be appointed to
any of these positions unless he shall have been
previously examined hy a board of medical offi-
cers to be appointed by the Secretary of War, and
vacancies in the grade of surgeon are to be filled
by selection from the grade of assistant surgeon,
on the ground of merit only. The act is to con-
tinue in force only during the existence of the
present rebellion.
Mr. GRIMES. I observe that the bill speaks
of the board of examining officers being " ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War." I move to
amend that clause by striking out the word " ap-
pointed,"and inserting " designated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill is ordered
to a third reading I should like to know what sort
of officers these are to be. Are they to be regi-
mental surgeons? In what capacity are they to be
employed? I understand that the Governors of
the States possess the authority to appoint the of-
ficers of volunteers from their own States. The
Constitution gives the States the power to officer
their own men. If they are to be officers of the
United States the question maybe different.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. By the law
of last year it was provided that regimental sur-
geons should be appointed by the Governors ci
States; and brigade surgeons by the President of
the United States, as are the brigadier generals,
the quartermasters and commissaries, and the
adjutants general. This bill provides for the ap-
pointment of an additional number of surgeons
and assistant surgeons. They are not to act as
regimental surgeons, but to go in the hospitals
connected with the brigades, and into the field,
and to act in the service generally. I regret
to state it, but it is a fact at this time that our
soldiers in the field are suffering very much for
the want of surgeons. I understand that many
of the men who were wounded a week ago last
Saturday near Richmond had not their wounds
dressed for the first time until Saturday last.
Owing to the vast number of sick and of wounded
men, the number of surgeons in the service is too
few. This bill has the support of the Surgeon
General, and is recommended by the Secretary of
War, and not only do they desire these appoint-
ments, but they say they need this number of
additional surgeons, and it is the least they can
get along with comfortably, and they are very de-
sirous that the appointments shall be made as
speedily as possible.
Mr. BROWNING. There isa very great de-
ficiency ofsurgeons throughoutall the hospitals of
the West; I do not know how it is here. I have
had constant applications from some of the hos-
pitals in the West to ask from the Surgeon Gen-
eral additional medical aid. I called upon him,
and he informed me that he was unable to furnish
it, because there were no surgeons at his dis-
posal; they were all occupied, and there was a
deficiency everywhere. He told me that it was
not peculiar to the West, but that a large addi-
tional number of surgeons were required for ser-
vice everywhere where our Army was. The
additional surgeons provided for by this bill are,
I think, intended mainly to be detailed for service
in hospitals, permanent posts and camp hospitals,
wherever there are wounded men, and not to
be attached to regiments, but to be a corps that
will be under the control ofthe Surgeon General,
to be sent wherever their sei vices may be re-
quired. I am satisfied that the bill is very neces-
sary, and ought to be promptly passed.
Mr. CLARK. I want to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs what
is the great objection and difficulty in a great many
of the sick soldiers being discharged from the
hospitals? Wherever I go, I see a great many
men who evidently will not be fit for service again
during the war, even if it should last for years,
though some of them may be; but I cannot learn
why they arc not discharged. The men are im-
ploring to be discharged; they feel that they are
broken down. For instance, I saw the other day
a boy fourteen years of age completely used up,
who would like to be discharged. He was very
ill, lying upon his cot, unfit for any service.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow me to make a remark just at
this point?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. I think the reason is because we
are now about to violate a fundamental provision
of the organic law, in the appointment of p'trgeons
