1862.]
37th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-77
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Sargent.
the Republic. With savage and malignant hate
they tortured, slew, and desecratcd. The mon-
strous treason which was commenced in perjury
and theft was continued in cowardly cruelty and
barbarism. Well may I say the climax of ma-
lignity was early reached. But has it diminished
by long months of forbearance? Let the score of
brave officers and men of General Curtis's com-
mand, who were slain by the poisoned food left
by the retreating- rebels, bear witness. Let the
fire-ship, filled with deadly missiles, sent down
upon our vessel invited by a flag of truce and dis-
playing another, below New Orleans; the throat-
cutting of sick and unarmed men at Shiloh,as they
lay in their tents; the frequent murder of parties
bearing flags of truce; the dismal tales of south-
ern prison houses; the hanging of Union men; the
disregard of age or sex by the rebels in their un-
restrained wrath; let these and a thousand other
barbarities give testimony how much danger there
is of exasperating the traitors in arms.
Well may this committee upon the conduct of
the war exclaim, as they draw to the end of the
dismal task assigned to them iTy the special res-
olution of the Senate:
" Every step of this monstrous treason has been marked
by violence and ciime. No transgression has been too
gieat, no wrong too startling for its leaders. They disre-
garded the sanctity of the oaths they had taken to support
the Constitution; they repudiated all their obligations to
the people of the free States; they deceived and betrayed
their own fellow-citizens, and ciowded their armies with
forced levies ; they drove from their midst all who would
not yield to their despotism, or filled their prisons with men
who would not enlist under their flag. They have now
ciowned the rebellion by the perpetration ot deeds, scarcely
known even to savage warfare. The investigations of your
committee have established this fact beyond controveisy.
The witnesses called before us weie men of undoubted
veracity and character. Some of them occupy high posi-
tions in the Army, and others high positions m civil life.
Ditll-nng in political sentiments then evidence piesents a
lemaikabhi concurrence of opinion and of judgment. Our
fellow-countrymen, hetetofore sufficiently ltnpiessed by the
generosity and foibearance of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and by the baibarous chaiacter of the eiusade
against it, will be shocked by the statements of tbe^e un-
lmpeached and unimpeachable witnesses; and foreign na-
tions must with one accord, however they have hesitated
heretofore, consign to lasting odium the authors of crimen
which, in all their details, exceed the worst excesses of the
Sepoys oflndia.
" Inhumanity to the living has been the leading tiait of
the rebel leaders; but it was reseived foryourcommittpoto
disclose as a concerted system their inwu Its to the wounded,
and their mutilation and deseciatiou ot the gallant d<jad.
Our soldiers taken piteoners m honorable buttle have been
subjected to the most shameful treatment. All the consid-
erations that inspire chivalric emotion and geneious con-
sideration for biiivtt men have been disregaided. It is al-
most beyond belief that the men fighting in such a cuu«e as
ours, and sustained by a Government which, in the midst of
violence and treachery, has given repeated evidences of its
indulgence, should have been subjected to treatment never
before resorted to by one foreign nation in a conflict with
another."
Talk of exasperating men like these ! As well
might Michael have feared to exasperate the re-
bellious angels whom he hurled from the battle-
ments of heaven at the fiat of the Almighty. As
well might the English have feared to exasperate
the Sepoys who slew in cold blood all whom they
overpowered. It is only by sharp and sudden
blows you can put down this rebellion; not by
faint-heartedness; not by calculations how your
mortal enemies will regard your measures. Why,
sir, the same advice that now seeks to induce us
to do nothing that will exasperate rebels, would,
if carried to legitimate conclusions, cause our ar-
mies to be disbanded, surrender this capital to the
enemy, and give over the Union men of the South
to hopeless ruin. In the same spirit the last Con-
gress were advised not to pass the force hill, to
make no appropriations for the Navy and Army,
to do nothing to exasperate the men who had com-
menced to steal public property, organize rebel-
lion, and trample upon the laws. It will forever
remain a blot upon the administration of James
Buchanan that for months after the greatconspir-
acy had developed itself by acts of ruthless vio-
lence, he wrung his hands in the halls of the White
House, and lamented his hard fate, fearing to
strike the blow that should save the nation, lest
he might exasperate the traitors who bearded him
even in his privacy, and publicly denounced him
as a falsifier. The nation is a year older than it
then was, and we are burdened with a weighty
experience. We see that no act or word of con-
ciliation will avail with the secessionists; that
this contest must be fought out to the bitter end
New Series—No. 12.
Ho. of Reps.
by every means in our power consistent with the
laws of war. The event has proved that it would
have been better for the country had this fact been
realized in July last.^ Then wc #ould have had
less talk about conciliation—which has been in
vain, utterly idle—and more effective blows upon
the front of the horrid monster secession.
I am not, therefore, deterred from an affirmative
vote upon the pending measures by any effect they
may have in exasperating the rebels against the
Union. On the conttary, I firmly believe that if
these bills become laws, and are vigorously exe-
cuted in their intention and spirit, they will be an
efficient auxiliary to mere military force in crush-
ing out the rebellion. Such laws will make rebel-
lion unsafe. They hang a penalty over the head
of the traitor who heretofore lias been free from
fear of any consequences or contingencies arising:
from ultimate defeat. They strike at the cause of
the rebellion and at its principal promoters. We
need such an auxiliaryasourarmies progress into
the cotton States. Else we but disperse the armies
of our foe to reunite again as we recede. Wc pro-
duce no change in the condition of society, none
in the tenure of property, by any measures here-
tofore adopted. I can see no path out of our na-
tional difficulties even if our armies are always
successful, cxcept by keeping at enormous ex-
pense as largeaforccon southern soil to keep down
rebellion as we shall have employed to overthrow
it, unless we take from rebels the resources which
they use to assail us. We may place their prop-
erty in the hands of the loyal or otherwise put it
beyond their reach, but they must be stripped of
it. If this is a hard measure to meto out, so is the
crime of which they are guilty an enormous one.
But confiscation does not punish a whole commu-
nity even if strictly carricd out, especially in the
Sou th, where the proportion of poor men is so large.
Although there are four millions of slaves in the
South there are but four hundred thousand slave-
holders. The landed property is in few hands
comparatively. Millions would go free of pen-
alty in the South under bills far more stringent
than any yet devised, and mercy will step in to
lighten the burden of even the most lenient. But
the life of the nation demands that such change
shall be made in the possession of those resources
which go to make up a capacity to wage war as
that they shall not again be used to overthrow the
Government and deluge the land with blood.
I am not deterred from casting an affirmative
vote upon these bills by the fear that those who
arc now Union men in the South will become se-
cessionists. These men have been dragooned,
imprisoned, persecuted, and many murdered by
the enemies of the Union. They have had mefed
out to them the bitterest cup of woo. Their rights
have been trampled upon by the very men for
whom it is pretended they have now so much ten-
derness that they will join hands with their op-
pressors if Congress attempts to confiscate the
pioperty of the latter. Such a supposition is in-
consistent with all we know of the qualities of
human nature. Such men will rather rejoice at
any effective blow we can strike at the rebellion
which has ruined them, has hunted and hounded
them, has slain their relatives and friends, and
desolated their hearth-stones. Bitterly must they
resent the injuries and indignities they have re-
ceived from their implacable foes; and they will
never object to the measures we take that they
bear too stringently upon the authors of their woes.
If there is another class of men who are intended
by the phrase " Union men of the South," men
who have never evinced a sentiment of love for
the Union by any act or word to restrain the vio-
lence of secessiomsm, who have stood by while the
Government was assailed and private rights vio-
lated, they arc too feeble in spirit to give weight
to either party in this contest. Their loyalty will
rise and fail with the varying piopoitions of the
lebellion, and we have nothing to hope or fear
from their action. While they afford us no aid
to rescue their States, they must not clog our ef-
forts or become an obstacle in our way as we strike
at the heart of secession. For one, I do not be-
lieve that this class is large at the present day in
the South. There may be many non-combatants,
who seem to favor'secession, and evade personal
exposure in its service by contributing their means
to the dominant power. 'But these men are not
secessionists at heart, and would be glad to be
restored to the peace and security of the Union*
Any measures which relieved them from thrall-*
dom they would welcome, however they may bow
to the prevailing storm.
Mr. Speaker, the progress of this war, and the
conduct of Congress and the Administration from
its inception, have given plain denial to the allega-
tion that the object of the war has been tho aboli-
tion of slavery. Notwithstanding that slavery has
been the rally ing cry of secessiomsm, that the only
complaints against the North have hinged upon
the question of slavery, that the rebellion was un-
dertaken to build up a slave empire, and that the
political influence of slavery has been the cause
of all tho evils of the Republic; notwithstanding
tho gravest provocations have been given to strike
the institution from existence, and a decent pre-
tense has offered itself for a whole year to give
such direction to the war that not a slave should
be left upon the continent; yet we have spared
it day by day, and offered every opportunity for
our rebellious citizens t<?return to their allegiance
with all their rights and all their peculiar relations
untouched. Afterall this, we are gravely informed
to-day by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] that we ought not to free the slaves of
rebels, lest we convince tho rebels or the border
States that what the secessionists have all along
charged is true, that we are inimical to the insti-
tutions of the South, or that this is an abolition
war. Does not that gentleman know, do not the
border States know, that if the rebels were to re-
turn to-day, or if they had returned any time dur-
ing the past wenry year, that slavery would have
been injured by no act of the Government? That
it would have had the damning load to carry of
having been the cause or pretext of a most dishon-
orable and fratricidal war, and thus have deserved
the execration of mankind, is most true. But that
would be a consequence of the folly of its support-
ers, not of the policy of a forbearing Government.
But national patience has a limit. We cannot
stand by and see our young men led to death or
return mangled and diseased, while wc have with-
in our reach a weapon that will deal a death-blow
to the rebellion. If thjit blow must be struck at
slavery, who has necessitated it ? Is it not better
that slavery should die than the nation ? If the
border States arc ns loyal as the gentleman asserts
—and I do not dispute it—they must desire the
end of this war, which has thus far desolated them
more than any portion of the country. They
must understand the'spirit of these measures—
that they have been wrung from the American
Congress by the necessities of war; as war meas-
ures demanded by the public exigency, and with-
held as long as there was a hope that the rebel-
lion could be subdued without them. Accepted
in this spirit, accepted with the evidences that ac-*
company arid which preceded them, they can meet
no opposition m the border States; and 1 kindly
suggest that it is the part of patriotism for the
gentleman, instead of assorting to his people that
these measures are evidence that the animus of the
Government has always been inimical to " south-
ern rights," and hence secession is self-defense, to
show to them that the long forbearance of the Gov-
ern mentis evidence that no blow was ever designed
to be struck at the South and no interferenccevdr
intended with slavery, but that the gigantic pro-
portions of this icbellion, the continued obduracy
of the rebels, their atrocities towards southern
Union men antf northern soldiers, and their in-
creasing and almost successful efforts to induce
foreign intervention, and thus the introduction of
an alien enemy upon the national soil, have ren-
dered such measures necessary to save the na-
tional life, and that theyaie, therefore, wise,sal-
utary, and just.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Noell,]
speaking for a border State constituency, has no
fear for the effect of a confiscation law in the bor-
der States. After an able argument, defending
upon principle and policy the confiscation bill
pending before the House, he says:
"I say, sir, that so far from this bill producing mischief
in the border slave States, it is the only means by which
our loyal people can be protected. Why, *ir, it i* a com-
mon thingforthe&cmou,as soon as the overwhelming force
of the United States troops gets out of sight, to run back
into our settlements and frufa our houses, drive our wives
and children from their homes, and strip theiaof every dot-
