1?8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Bebd Property—Mr. Sargent.
Ho. of Beps.
lar'd worth of property they have upon the face of the earth.
Meet them again and they laugh in your face and toll you
. there is no law by which they can be punished. You can-
not hang five hundred thousand men. That is impossible.
Such a Jaw cannot he executed. No one knowsbettertlian
they do that such is the case; and if we do not reach them
in the only way in which wc can reach them—thiough their
property—they wiJJ continue to commit these dfeioyalacts
and tnurdeious crimes. 1 beiieve that if we had passed a
confiscation bill at our extra session in July, and these men
who own property in that country had known that thete
was a. law in force which could be executed against then}
effectively, and which would bo executed against them if
they continued committing these outiages against their fel-
low-citizens, and thc-c crimes against the Government,
much of the mischief they have perpetiated would have
been arrested."
1 have been led to these remarks, sir, not be-
cause I would retaliate upon the South. I would
certainly have reprisals upon the property of reb-
els, so far as may be, toward paying the expenses
of the war and lessening the burdens of taxation
which the people will soon feel so heaviiy. But
I would not have our soldiers less generous and
noble to their enemies, our surgeons less kind, our
Government less willing* o extend proper mercy.
I do not speak in anger so much as in sorrow of
the atrocities of the rebels. I deem it necessary
to show the spirit of the men whom some gentle-
men upon this floor seem to fear we may exas-
perate, by recalling those acts of the rebels which
blot the late pages of our history. But I would
not transcend the laws of war in dealing with these
public enemies, or violate any principle of the
common Constitution. Although I firmly believe
in the right of self-defense inherent in the indi-
vidual and in the nation, and that that right js
sanctioned by a law higher than human oidinances,
yet in this matter we need but appeal to the Jaws
of war, those well-understood rights of aggression
towards a public enemy, for justification of the
action contemplated in the pending measures. "We
propose by these bills to confiscate the property
of certain rebels in arms, and to free their slaves.
Wc design to cause the enemy to contribute thus
far to the expenses of the war, to weaken his
power, and to force him to an equitable peace; and
what is ofimportunce a~s well, as i have indicated,
to provide security against future injuries by any
renewal of this rebellion. .Our warrant for this is
found in the practice of nations, and in the writ-
ten law. In his Summary of the Law of Nations,
Professor Martens says, book 8, chap. 3, sec. 9:
* "The conqueror hai a rlitht to seize on the propertv of
the enemy, whether movable or immovable. The^e seiz-
ures inay bo made, first, in oiderto obtain what he de-
mands as Juh duo or oqnivalont; secondly, to drlmv the
expenses ot the war; thirdJy, to force ihc otioiny to ,-ui euuita-
Wo peace; loiirtlily, to deter htm or by i educing Jin «ticngth
to hinder huu Iroin lepcatinj? in future the injmie.s which
have been the cause of the war.
A vital clement of the strength of the rebels con-
sists 111 their slaves, by means of which they till
thcii fields,and thus provide food for their armies
digtheirintrenchments.dragaiid load their cannon,
anu as has been known in several recent instances,
use as soldiers to shoot down the defenders of the
U mon, _ 1 he means of resistance of the rebels are
largely increased by the multitude of slaves lhev
possess, we propose to weaken th'em by depri v-
lng them of thm element of strength. Says Gro-
tius, book 3, chap. 6:
™ A• Stat? tnkin!-'n™!' l>!ls il rislit to weaken her en-
tmj, in cider to lender Imn incapable of tqmnonhi" his un-
just v.o ence.a right to deprive 1in, ol the > "an" of resist
whieh £""?> "s r,0m s°"re* ° r i £ i ii a t e a IM11 e lit'to
which warffive^ usovej things belonging to the enemv.we
have a right to deprive him of his possesions, of cvcri/thin*
TS?CTervT„?"«i'iS strcnH<lh«">1 o-Mc'umto mad ,„ar.
use, and "des
ol the war or lor the expenses and losses Incurred m m
prosecution ; a woid, we do ourselves jnsS"'
Tills rebellion long ago assumed the propor-
tions of a cv-jJ war, and we have treated the reVels
as belligerents for many purposes. We have rec-
ognized their flags of truce, and exchanged nris
oners maintained u blockade, and condemned as
nrtT flnf V.eSSe cndeavo'"ing 'o run the block-
ade. All the law writers insist that the common
laws of war apply to and should be observed in
every CIV! war, although it is held that when a
sovereign has subdued the opposite party and re-
duced them to submit and sue for peace, he mav
Xcef>t from t!le amnesty the authors of the dis^
turbances, the leaders of the party; he may bring
them to a legal trial, and punish them if found
guilty. But dicing the continuance of the civil
war we are invested by the common laws of war
with the right to treat rebels as we would alien
enemies,and hence deprive them of their property,
or weaken their strength or resources, of whatever
character. Whatever difference of opinion there
may be as to the policy of exercising such rights
in a given case, there can be none of the existence
of the right. With a cause so just as that which
we now maintain against an enemy so regardless
of all right, human or divine, so relentless and
cruel that even the savage that he employs upon
the western border is not charged with half the
barbarism of his inciters to slaughter, we are not
called upon to seek a mild interpretation of the
laws of war, however foreign it has been and will
be to our purpose to emulate the public enemy in
his atrocities. Chancellor Kent says:
" However strong the current of authority in favor of the
modem and milder construction ol the law on this subject,
the point seems to be no longer open for discussion in this
cuuntiy, and it 1ms becomc definitely settled m tavor of
the aneient and sternei lute by the Supreme Court of the
United States."—Vol. 1, tenth edition, p. 69.
Professor Parsons says:
" It is a common opinion that civilization has so far mit-
igated war tiiat it is no longer one of the laws of war to
seize, use, or destroy private piopcitv. This h a mistake,
according to all the authorities on the law of nations. Ins
undoubtedly true, however, that the modem usages and
propiieues of war—ami thoie aie such thing.—would jus-
tify the exorcise of this light only on the giouud of mili-
tary necessity."
Most certain it is that such military necessity
now presses upon us. Our vast armies in the field
are draining the resources of the nation, and it is
a serious question if the war can be continued
another year upon such a scale of expense as is
necessary to preserve its efficiency. The pros-
pect of foreign intervention at the invitation of the
rebels seems not remote, unless we strike an ef-
fective blow at the rebellion. Our troops will soon
be decimated by the fierce diseases of an inhos-
pitable climate, while the rebels will gain new
strength by the very causes that will work disas-
ter to us. The rebels maintain enormous armies
ill the field,greater than ever before, and concen-
trated into effective bodies, and greater exertions
aie necessary to subdue them. We are called
upon to recognize this necessity and act in view
of it. That the power so to act is lodged in Con-
gress, I do not doubt. We can legislate concern-
ing the rights of war, and the Executive can only
act as we authorize him. By act of Congress ho
puts an army in tile field, feeds, clothes, and niai n-
t?"u ^'1C Constitution provides that Congress
shall have power to declare war, grant letters of
marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning
captures on land and water. Judge Story has
decided that that power
" Includes the exercise of all the ordinary rights of bellig-
erents, and Congress may, therefore, pass'suitable laws to
enforce them. They mav authorize the seizure and con-
demnation of the property 01 the enemy, wulnn or without
the territory of tlie United Suites, and the confiscation of
debts due to the enemy."
Chancellor Kent, (vol. 1, p. 76,) in remarking
upon the case of the Emulous, (1 Gall.) says: °
"On appeal, the Supiemc Court establish the prinemle
I wai gave to the Mivcmgn full right to take (lie person
and confiscate the piopeity o! the cnemv wherever found
But the.exeieiseot the iiglndepondu on acts of Congiess."
Again Mr. Wheaton says:
"III* competent for the national authority lo lvorlr ;
KM 01 PTl",oriho P>ope.tv belongme to
mu J' eTkco t'1 y?n" aclual|y confiscated, the fact
pio'miet-uv 1 U? to woik such a tranter ol
ioXSjn,Jto{Sf.r,,lv''aud <"'«* «*.! act or
I deem there is nothing in the point that this
war is prosecuted upon our own soil by a domes-
tic enemy who cannot beheld to the responsibili-
ties ol a foreign enemy. In 4 Wheaton, 246, is
a decision that, for revenue purposes—the only
point m the case—a portion of our territory in the
possession of the enemy became foreign; and I
fo,"Jitn f am m1ab'°t0 S°e Why !t may "ot be«me
toiubn for any purpose of war, if it may for rev-
enue put poses I have not been able to discover
to cxiT"th°It': P!U al]eS°d by some ?™tlemen
to exist, that a domestic enemy, formidable in
power and the duration of his rebellion, and add-
er£.t Cnme °{vio!ated allegiance to tiie war he
creates, cannot be held amenable to those penal-
ties of war which are inflicted upon a foreign en-
emy. The reason would seem to be the other way;
that a more stringent treatment may be applied to
dishonorable traitors than to an honorable foreign
foe. Humanity pleads that where rebellion lias
rcached the magnitude of civil war, thfi sovereign
shall deal with those in arms against him by no
more stringent rules than those allowed by the
common laws of war; and hence Vattel says they
should be observed in every civil war. But neither
he, nor any other writer that I can find, implies that
the sovereign shall not exercise those powers con-
ferred by the laws of war to the fullest ex tent, and he
concedes the right, when the rebellion is crushed,
to punish the rebels in a manner that is never ap-
plied to a foreign enemy unless he is taken as a
spy. Upon any other principle how shall a rebel-
lion ever be crushed ? How shall a civil war be
ended except by its success ? The rebels are re-
strained by no law of nations, for they are out-
laws; and if a sovereign cannot use against them
the weapons and measures which are sanctioned
in all other warfare, a bounty is offered by the
law of nations to treason. We have the curious
anomaly ofa usage or lawhavinggrown upamong
nations jealous of sovereignty which encourages
rebels to wage war for the overthrow of sover-
eignty. No, sir, the utmost the rule requires is,
that while a civil war is raging, the sovprpio-n
ought not to deal with his domestic foes more se-
verely than he does with a foreign enemy, but
| must, for the time, disregard the fact that his ene-
| mies are also rebels. But it would be a monstrous
doctrine that his belligerent rights are impaired
when he is assailed by organized and powerful
rebellion. Says Judge Sprague, in the case of the
Amy Warwick and cargo, reported in the April
number of the Law Reporter:
"In wai each bcihgeient may seize and confiscate all
the property of the enemy, wheiever found, and this right
extends to the piopeity of all persons resident in the ene-
my's couutiy."
fie adds:
"I am satisfied that the United States, as a nation, have
lull and complete belligerent rights, which are in no degree
impaired by the tact that their enemies owe nJJegiance, and
have superadded the guilt of treason to that of unjust war."
And Vattel, in uiging upon the sovereign hu-
manity m the conduct of such a war, and that no
greater than ordinary belligerent rights shall be
exercised, because cruelty to prisoners mightlead
to reprisals by the public enemy, and the war
degenerate into barbarism, urges, asanadditional
i eason, that whore civil war attains magnitude and
divides the nation, the two parties arc hi precisely
the. same predicament as two nations who engage m
a contest, and being unable to come to agreement,
have rccouisc to arms:
" A civil war breaks the bands of society and govern-
ment, or, at fenst, suspends their foice and effect; it pro-
duces in the nation two independent parties, who consider
each otherasenewies,and acjtnowlpdgeriocoininon jud^e.
lhose two parties, therefoie. must neees«nnly be consid-
ered as theneefoivvard constituting, at lea^tfor <1 time, two
separate bodies, two distinct societies. Thou h one of the
panics may have been to blame 111 b.c.iking 'tne unity of
the State and restating riie lawful authoiiuy, thev me not the
les?. divided 111 lact. Besides, who shall judse them : who
.hall pionounce on winch side the light or wrong lies? On
oarcii uiev have no common superior. They stand, theie-
lore, in piecisely the same predicament a* two nations who
uignge 1,1 a contest, and being unable to come to au agree-
ment, have recourse to arms."
Congress has recognized this war as existing.
We ha\e set armies in the field, and arc taxing the
people to support them. Wc now intend to avail
ourselves of our lull belligerent rights, and exer-
cise those ughts against this hostile people which
are conferred by the laws of war. If we are wag-
nig a constitutional war, all the incidents of our
action, m accordance with the laws of war, are
constitutional. If we are right in malting this war,
we are right in weakening the enemy by depiivmg
nim of property and slaves. ' The Constitution
cannot give us this war power and yet prevent its
exercise. The Constitution nowhere limits the
national power to wage war against an armed en-
emy , domestic or foreign. This continual assump-
tion that we shall proceed unconstitutionally if we
treat the rebels as we might constitutionally treat
a foreign foe, strikes at the whole war we are
waging for the Union, and if true should cause an
immediate abandonment of our cause.
Passing from these considerations, I wish to ad-
vert for a moment to those objections which are
