THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ofthe rate of interest during the existence of the
Bank of England. !■" the time of William, the
fil'Slloan taken by that bank wasateiglitprrcrnt.;
and now, onlya little more than one hundred and
fifty years afterwards, the current rate of interest
in England is three per cent.
Something lias been said about making our
Treasury notes a legal tender. 1 do not believe
there is at present any necessity for that. I am
not going to make any suggestion that will em-
barrass the Administration in commanding means
at once; if they want some temporary relief, lam
willing that they should issue almost anything to
get it} but I have nu idea of ever submitting to a
system of irredeemable paper money for the cur-
rency of the people of this country. There is no
necessity for it; there can bo none. There has
ajways been but one end to such a currency, and
that is its gradual depreciation, until finally it is
not worth a straw, not even the paper on which
it is printed. Notwithstandingthat, if I believed
there were combinations against the Government
to injure its credit and discredit its paper, I would
resort to almost any temporary measure to thwart
those combinations; but I do not see any such.
Although 1 have no great love for capital, I must
confess that I think the banks have behaved pa-
triotically. They have taken more of the loans
of this Government, within the last six months,
than the entire amount of their capital; and yet it
is now proposed to make them redeem their own
circulation and put out a Government circulation
that shall go for the payment of all debts. I do
not believe the people of this countiy ought or
will submit to any such thing. They are a free
people.
I make these observations not with a view of
criticising the conduct of any head of a Depart-
ment, or of any member of the Senate, or of a
committee; but I think, as 1 said before, that the
best way is for the legislators of this country to
have faith in their own Government and in their
own people. It will be the people of small means
who will carry through this war. As for your
millionaires, they will not contribute one tenth
part what the masses will in proportion to their
moans. The associated capitalists who have charge
of the banks have done well, and 1 am willing to
give them credit for it here and elsewhere. I never
Lave known it measure so patriotic in its character,
and so conducted without any hope of gam, as
the loans that the banks have made to the Govern-
ment of the United States ill the last lour months.
Tbey sell them for the same price as they paid
for them, invariably. If I were going to devise
any system to supply the credit of the Govern-
ment, I never would calculateon getting the money
without interest; I should expect to pay u fair
equivalent for the use of people's capital. In-
stead of that it is proposed to issue notes bearing
no interest, and make everybody lake them, will-
ing or unwilling. 1 tim for going to willing lend-
ers and paying them a fair remuneration tor the
use of their capital; and if we do that, we shall
get the money.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. M r. Pres-
ident, I want to say to the Senator from Rhode
Island that I have quite as much faith in the Gov-
ernment and in the people of the country as lie
has or can have. I have faith that wc have re-
sources in (his country to draw upon. I do not
depreciate (lie resources of the country. What I
said, and what I meant to say, was, that the Gov-
ernment had no means, because we have not taken
the way to obtain the means, and that we ought
to take that way speedily, in order to preserve the
credit of'the Government. We have a demand
everywhere made upon us. You cannot read the
public press of this country without finding ap-
peals made to Congress and complaints made of
the non-action of Congress in regai d to the credit
and resources of the Government, Senators say
that the people of the country have resources.
That is true; but the Government lias none, ex-
cept the email taxation that we have ordered, very
small indeed, utterly inadequate, and the revenue
derived from the customs that is and must be very
limited while the war lasts.
Under .the action of the Government, its credit
has been impaired, and we may as well acknowl-
edge itas not. Yourstx percent, stocks are down
to 89. Massachusetts six per cents, are 104£ to-
day. Your seven and three tenth notes are at 98.
If you want $1,000,000, you go into the market
with your six percents., and you get onl y £893,000.
If Massachusetts want5' ,000,000, she goes into
market and gets $40,000 premium. Why is it?
The credit of one has been taken care of; the
credit of the other has been neglected.
Senatois talk about the great taxation in Great
Britain. Why, sir, Engl md is a country of vast
resources—a country of active capital. The Uni-
ted States is not a rich country in active capital.
It has lands, bouses, railways, various resources,
but it has little of active capital; little money
seeking investment. I do not believe a word of
this talk about the masses taking: up a loan of
$50,000,000, or $100,000,000, or $150,000,000, or
$200,000,000. We had the opportunity presented
to the country last autumn for Hie masses of the
people to come forward and take the loans of the
Government, and we know they did not do it; I
simply because they had not the means to do it.
We have wealth; we say we have $l,200,<;00j000
of wealth in the loyal States; but that wealth eon-
.-ists in property oilier than money, active capi-
tal. The Government comes foith at this time
and demands five or six hundred millions of dol-
lars annually; and what I complain of is, that, as
yet, we have done nothing, or but little, to getthe
means to obtain this vast sum; that we aic not
acting so earnestly as we should act in this mat-
ter; and that wc are not doing what we should to
reduce the expenses of the Government wherever
wo can reduce them. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio entirely in raising money by taxation,
in reducing salaries and expenditures wherever
we can, and in punishing those who may plunder
the Treasury in this time of our trial and of our
trouble.
The Senator from Connecticut is willing to go
funher than this section goes; I am willing to go
further; but I believe it is about all we can now
obtain, i am in favor of this proposition. Al-
though the Senator from Wisconsin thinks it "flat
burglary," I do not agree with him. I think it
is based on reason and justice, that salaries fixed
under fuuner laws, under another condition of
things, may well make contribution to the coun-
try in this hour of tiial and of trouble. There-
fore, I .shall have to ask a vote on ihe section. I
wish to amend it, when it shall be in oider to do
so, by adding after the word " Army" the words
"and the Piosident and judges of the Supreme
Court," so as to avoid the constitutional objection
raised, I think justly, by Senators.
Mr. POWELL. I suggest that the Senator
should exclude all judges ofthe United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes,sir; 1
will do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think
this discussion ought to admonish those gentle-
men who are for these very radical reforms, that
they will accomplish nothing by undertaking to
propose them at this tinm. Here is a bill calcu-
lated to cut off some very great abuses, as I un-
derstand, in the administration of the Army de-
paitment, by curtailing the expenses of ofliceis,
and only paying them for actual expenses in-
clined, and which, if it pass, will reduce the ex-
penses of this Government from fifteen to twenty
millions of dollars. It is a very important bill,
carefully considered by a committee, and brought
in for the consideration ofthe Senate. And how
is it met?- It is met by gentlemen who are zeal-
ous for the greatest reduction. My filend fi om
Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] wants a reduction of
twenty-five per cent. My friend fiom Wisconsin
[Mr. "boojuiTTix] wants to bring in the contio-
verted question of mileage upon it, and says we
must reduce that one half. There is an abuse un-
doubtedly in regard to mileage; and if the Senator
from Wisconsin expects to reform all the abuses
of this Government in one bill, he will never ac-
complish anything.
1 should like very much to pass a hill by which
we shall save §15,000,000 to thisG. ivermnent to-
day. That will not prevent your correcting the
mileage by and by. It will not prevent the Sen-
ator from Connecticut reducing his compensation
twenty-five per cent. Here is a chance to reduce
it ten per cent. The measure comes from a com-
mittee. The bill has been matured; it is an im-
portant one; and it does seem to me that we had
better adhere to the bill as it is; let us adopt this,
and accomplish so much. If we undertake to go
into all these other questions, the question of tax-
ation, the question of finance, as to who is most
to blame, whether Congress or the armies, for not
doing anything, wo shall never make any i Worm.
We are told that the great question is taxation
and revenue. Gentlemen tell us the people are
clamoring for taxes. I will tell you what the
people are clamoring for. They are clamoring
for action on the part of your armies. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island wants to know how to
raise money. Give us victories; tell your gen-
erals to advance. Gentlemen tell us that wc have
got no money, and that the fault is in Congress.
Has not the Government had money? Did we
not raise it by the hundreds of millions in July ?
Have you not had men, hundreds of thousands
of them, and has not God Almighty given you a
season for operations in the field such as was
; never vouchsafed to a people before? We have
| wasted and thrown it away, and now talk about
the fault being in Congress, and taxation being
what is wanted. Taxation will do you no good.
Taxation will never save your country; bu\ it is
strong arms and btout heaits that y« u want to
put this rebellion down, and sor.T body to lead
yourarmies, as my friend irom Ohio [Mr. Wad is]
suggests.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I will listen to
my friend with pleasure.
"Mr. SIMMONS. I understood him to say that
I put the blame on Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^1 do not know that I did.
I think it was some other Senatoi that thought
Congress was very much to blame.
Mr. SIMMONS. I certainly did not say so
mysilf. I did not even attempt to go into this
military question.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Well, sir,doubtless Con-
gress has not dischaiged its duly as it ought. I
do not think we are exactly infallible even in the
Senate. We have our shortcomings also. But,
sir, I think when we have a bill that will accom-
plish as much as this will, we ought not to em*
barrass it by this 'kind of amendments.
Mr. WADE. How much will it save?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iam informed by the mem-
beis of the committee that it will save about fif-
teen millions of dollars a year. I think we had
better pass it just as it is, with some slight amend-
ments to this ninth section, as suggested, to in-
clude the President of the United States and the
judges of the Supreme Couit, whose salaries un-
der the Constitution cannot be diminished. Un-
doubtedly, the Senator from Ohio can make it save
more; the Senator from Wisconsin can make it save
more; and the Senator from Connecticut can make
it save more; but if you add all these propositions
you will never get your bill through. If there is
a single amendment that can be agreed to that will
make a still greater saving I am for it,and will be
glad to have it adopted; butl hope that these con-
troverted questions, such as mileage, will not be
put on the bill. Why, sir, that question has been
debated since I have been in Congress for weeks.
Mr. COLLAMER. For fifty years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As my friend says, it has
been discussed for fifty years; and notwithstand-
ing ail the debates, when you get a proposition
settling the question of mileage through this body
it will have to go thiough the other House; and
the probability is your bill would fall between the
two. But here is a proposition that 1 do not un-
derstand the Senator from Wisconsin to object to;
I do not understand the Senator from Ohio to ob-
ject to; I do not undoistand the Senatoi from Con-
necticut to object to. Then why not all go to-
gether, and let us save §15,000,000 to-day? 1 am
not opposing the proposition of t he Senator from
Ohio. It struck me very favorably; and if it can be
adopted without a controversy in the Senate, and
is not likely to lead to ucontroveisy in the House
of Representatives, 1 hope it will be adopted It
struck me as a very proper amendment, if I under-
stood it correctly, to make this deduction of ten
per cent, apply to all the perquisites belonging to
these officers. I believe that is right. The chair-
man of the committee telis me he lias no objection
to if, and theref re I have none; but I hope this
question of mileage and all other controveited
questions will be left off of this bill.
Mr. DOOLlTTLE. At the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, and inasmuch as
the section contains a provision which did not ar-
rest my attention before, that this reduction was
