1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it. They can build the several branches through
these lands, and receive their bonds and receive
their lands, and it does not compel them to go a
mile beyond. They can busld the road in the val-
ley, and they can refuse to build it over the hill
or the mountain. They can start from the Mis-
souii river anywhere and build the roads forty,
eighty, or one hundred and twenty miles, as the
case may be, and they are under no obligations to
go beyond; and the value of the bonds and of the
lands granted will more than pay, or at least pay,
the whole cost of building. The bill, if it is to
pass, ought to be amended in that respect. Sec-
tion five is very much like section four, unless
it is intended to be a double grant of these priv-
ileges.
(Jut there is another point to which I wish to
ask the attention of the committee. When the
Government issues bonds to these companies, the
bonds which they issue are to constitute the first
mortgage bonds upon the road. But observe that
the issue of bonds for any one section of forty
miles of the road constitutes a hen only upon that
particular section and not on any other. This is
an arrangement by which a company can take
advantage of the benefits of the bill without con-
ferring any substantial benefit to the country. One
section of the road is through a valley where the
cost of building will be compaiatively small, and
the road will be productive. Another section is
ovcra barren mountain region, where the cost will
exceed forty-eight thousand dollars per mile, and
where the road will he entirely unproductive. Yet
those sections built through the eastern portion of
the route, where the lands are valuable and the
cost of building comparatively small, where the
amount paid by the Government will be sufficient
to build the road, and the business sufficient to
keep it in operation, can be no security to the
Government for the bonds issued to build a load
thtough a baiien, unpioduoli\e countiy, where
the cost of building will be veiygrcat. TheGov-
ernment has only a hen upon this portion of the
route, and can have no claim upon the more prof-
itable sections of the road to secure its bonds upon
the unproductive and cosily sections.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman ftom Illi-
nois will allow me, he will observe that those por-
tions of the road which are most easy of const t ac-
tion are to receive the smallest advances of the
Government, and that small advance is to consti-
tute a lien upon the poition of the road to which
it is applied. Then, Where a large assistant c is
rcndeied for the construction of the most mostly
portions of the road, they constitute a hen upon,
that costly portion, and the full right is retained
upon the pait of the Government to take posses-
sion of any pait of the toad whenever the com-
pany shall fail to pay its bonds when due. The
gentleman will therefoie perceive that the inter-
tsts of the Government are carefully guarded by
the bill, and it preserves entire harmony.
ENROLLED HILL.
The committf e mformally rose;and the Speaker
having lesumed the chair,
Air. BEAA1AN, from the Committee 011 En-
rolled Bills, repoited that the comm.tire had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an a<*t (ll. it.
No. 2o9) making anpropi lations for tile Service of
the Post Oiliee Department dunng the fiscal year
ending the 30th of Jane, 18G3; when the Speaker
signed the same..
MlteS UJK L'UOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was iceived from the President of
the United States, by Air. Hay, his Secretary,
notifying the House that lie had approved and
signed a bill of the House to authorize the Post-
master General to establish branch post offices 111
cities.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the bill relating
to a"
I'ACiriC HAILRO \i).
Mr. LOVEJOY. I undeistand. Air. Chairman,
that the facts are just as I have stated. For in-
stance, suppose a section of this road of forlv
miles is biult over the mountain by the Nevada
Company, winch receives therefor ^48,000 per
mile. There are no way passengers to any con-
siderable number on that section, there is no side
freight, and consequently that forty or eighty II
miles of the road by itself will not pay. The gen-
tleman does not say, and will not say, that the
Government will have a lien upon the valuable
and cheaply built section at the eastern terminus
of the route to protcct itself from the payment of
the bonds given to the costly and unproductive
mountain section in Nevada.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I ask the gentleman
to permit mc to make a single remark in reference
to the Territory of Nevada. I understood the
gentleman to say there would be no way passen-
gers and no freight in Nevada Territory. 1 now
say to him that more than six thousand tons of
freight have been carried over the Sierra Nevada
mountains from that Territory during the past
year, and that as nfuch as twelve or fifteen thou-
sand tons will be earned during the present year.
We have now three daily lines of stages from that
Teiritory lot caiiving pas'-'ongeis. The gentle-
man from Illinois is entirely m enoi in his state-
ment about Nevada Territory. lip lives so far
off that he knows nothing about it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, sir, if I live so far off
that I know nothing about the gentleman's Tor-
ritoiy, n is a blessed thing to have a messenger
hei e from that far-off land who knows all about it.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I merely wanted to
correct the genth man in his statement about Ne-
vada Territory, and I desire to state further, that
in the last year the amount paid for fiejghlage
alone has not been less than $6,000,000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I was simply ttying to illus-
trate tins fact, and had no reference to Nevada
Territory or its productions, or the talent and wis-
dom of its representative in th)f*House. If the
statementa^e gentleman has made be correct, a
road through th.it Teriitory would pay of itself
for the cost of building it, without any appropria-
tion at all from the Government.
The point to which I was endeavoiing to call
the attention of the committee is this: there is in
existence, f believe, a Nevada Company. 1 sup-
pose there aic sections of the road between the
Mississippi river and the Pacific where theie will
be no way paxs'nigers and no side freight. If
there are no such sections we have no business
to give the aid of the Govet nunt to build the road
at all. Wo are proposing to make these immense
donations for tins purpose, on the very idea that
there are portions of the road difficult to build,
and which will he comparatively unproductive,
foi which pii\ate capitalists will not invest then
money.
I come bach", then, to the point again that there
are sections of this load which will cost the full
sum of$48,000 per mile to build, and the presump-
tion is that along these sections there will be but
very few way passen«ets and veiy little side
fieight, and which will theiefore be unproductive;
and although the Government reserves to itself
the right to take possession of these particular soc-
tions if the companies fail to pay their bonds when
they arc due, yet it will be obsei ved that the Gov-
ernment t>ets possession of the particular sections
only which pay the !<a:t, but which incur the
heaviest expenses, and consequcntly are the least
able to icfiind the money which Congress ad-
vances.
Therefore, I insist that this road should he con-
structed by a single indivisible company, and that
the whole load, fiom whatever point on the Mis-
souri river, within u hatevt r parallels of longitude
you require it to start, to whatever point on the
Par.fie coa.-.t you make the western terminus,
should be held responsible for alt the obligations
of the entire load, and not have it cut up into
short sections. That is the point 1 make.
If I undeistand the sixth section of this bill, it
provides tint these roads may pay the Govern-
ment, whohy or in part, in the same or other
bonds, Ti easury notes or other evidences of debt
against the United Stifes, to bo allowed at par.
Suppose the.se evidences of indebtedness should
be below par, which I ttust they never will be.
Suppose they are below par, and these roads pay
the Government in these bonds negotiated, and
in the hands of third parties. Those bondholders
have no daim unless they have a mortgage upon
it. If they have a mortgage on it, then there is a ,
hen upon* the road after they have canceled the |
dt ht.
And it is further provided that, after said road .
is completed, until said bonds and interest are
paid, at least five per cent, of the net earnings
of said road shall also be annually applied to the
payment thereof. This amounts fo nothing.
1 am satisfied,after reading-this bill over, section
by section, that under it this Pacific railroad never
can be built, I will not say that it was intended
that the road never should be built. I know.that
the committee which reported this bill have been
governed by an integrity and singleness of pur-
pose; but whatever was the purpose of the com-
mittee, I cannot avoid the clear conviction that a
Pacific railroad under this bill never can be buifc
1 believe that the committee have been honest iri
then-purpose, but 1 doubt whether those who have
engineered tins matter outside of this House ever
intended to build this road, unless by the associ-
ation of three or four sections of broken down
roads, which they might do with the donation
that we give them. They are bound to do no
more. 1 f they build that section of eighty or one
hundred and twenty miles and put it in good run-
ning order, then the Government has no remedy
against them for not going through. This is a
consideration which I wish to bring to the atten-
tion of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether he voted for the Curtis
bill of last session ?
Air. LOVEJOY. I did not, and for the very
reason that it was loaded down with branches.
Mr. CAAIPBECL. Then tfic gentleman from
Illinois is opposed to a Pacific railroad entirely.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is a mere presumption.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 want to calf the atten-
tion of this House to the fact that when members
were present from all of the States we passed, by
a decided vote, the Curtis bill, against which the
same objections wen* urged that are now urged
against this bill. When I get the floor upon this
bill I will show, I think, that there is really no
foundation in those objections.
Air. LOVEJOY. Air. Chairman, that i.i a chcap
argument. You bring in a conglomerate mass of
confused legislation, and because I oppose its con-
ditions I am charged with opposing the road itself.
1 say that it is utterly impossible to build a Pacific
railroad under this bill, and because 1 object to
| \otmg millions and millions, when the country is
staa jicrinn undents indebtedness,bl indly and reck-
lessly, I am denounced as opposed to any Pacific
railroad. Aly opposition to a bad hill is no ground
to suppose that I am opposed to she building of a
Pacfie lailro.id. The gi ntiennn's presumption
therefor-' is a non scquitur. But that is a cheap
way to answei an argument when you have no
oilier answer to make.
I am for a Pacific railroad, although I am free
to confess that I dislike the idea of converting
Congiess into a railroad company. AVe are not
here as a railroad corporation.
I do not'think the title is coirect. This road is
not a military necessity. 31 is simply a commer-
cial and social necessity to the people of the coun-
try, and as I represent a portion of the people, I
am going to \ote for the building of a Pacific rail-
road. But sir, I am not to be.blindly forced into
the support of any bill that may be said to have
that purpose m view. That is my answer fo the
gentleman ftorn Pennsylvania. If 1 were opposed
to a Pacific lailroad i would say so. I never
dodge or skulk any vote or fail to avow any sen-
timent that I may entertain. For the icasons I
have stat'd, my constituents want a Pacific rail-
road. The count! y wan's'it. it would be a great
national blessing, m a commercial and social and
political anil military point of view.
But 1 am not gonu; fo build three or four par-
allel or even convergent mads, and then say that
we aie goimr to get our nay by the tiansporiaiion
of our mails and munitions of war. We know
that we can never avail ourselves of them forany
such purpose. We know by experience that in
ease of war we will have to reeonstrie t the bi idges
that aie destroyed, and then pay the roads heavy
freight for the transportation of mails or munitions
of war. This is nothing but a donation to build
this road for the <r00(I ,,f the countiy. It is noth-
ing else-, sir. There is a provision that the lands
shall h<> surveyed, but no means are provided for
that survey.
I will no: say anything in regard to the seventh,
eighth, ninth, ami tenth sections of tins bill, as
the gentlemen from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] who
