2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
■ Mr. RING. Let the resolution be read.
> The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
ResoM, TIM there be puid o'lt of tile contingent fund
of tile Senate, to the Senators first elected by the State of
Minnesota, compensation assuch fromiliocommencement
of tin* session at which tliey were admitted to their seats.
Mr. TRUMOULL. T thought we had passed
a resoknion of iluu kind, which was reported from
the Judiciary Committee at this session.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will explain: it did pass
the Senate in the form of a joint resolution, and
went to the House of Representatives; but the
Committee on the Judiciary in the Housedecided
that it was a matter which each blouse must ar-
range for itself,and they have got their own propo-
sition before them. They rejected our joint reso-
lution upon the ground that it wrfs a matter which
each House should settle for itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I understand right the
reverse; that you cannot make those appropria-
tions unless by Jaw. Does not this propose to
take money out of the contingent fund?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The very reason why we
passed the joint resolution was because it requires
the joint action of Congress. Each House cannot
make appropriations in that way. This is an ap-
propriation, and it can only bo done in pursuance
of law.
Mr. LATHAM. If the Senator pleases, it is
not an appropriation; it is the application of a
fund that is already appropriated for a general
purpose; and as I belong to the committee that
reported this matter, letme explain. It has passed
the Senate twice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not in this form.
Mr.LATHAM. No; as a jointresoluiion; but
the other House refused to entertain it for the rea-
son that each body should judge as to the com-
pensation of its own members, and for that rea-
son a majority of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses reported the resolution in its present
foj in. It is a mere application of what belongs to
the general fund of the body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that it is
clearly wrong; to attempt to do by a resolution of
this kind what it requires a law to do. it is a ques-
tion to be decided by Congress, when Minnesota
was admitted into the Union and when her mem-
bers were entitled to pay. It is not a contingency
that is proper to come out of the contingent fund.
We have had this matter up in t he Judiciary Com-
mittee, and we reported a joint resolution to this
effect. If the House of Representatives has taken
such a course as has been stated here, it seems
strange to me. I prefer that this matter should
lie over, I move that the Senate adjourn, I am
for the proposition itself, but not in this form.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will make one word of
explanation. This resolution, if passed, will go
to the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department; and if they decide that the money
can be paid, as we paid Mr. Stanton, of Kansas,
and other persons, by resolutions of the Senate, it
will he paid and properly paid; but if they decide
otherwise, the Secretary of the Senate will not
nay the money. All that matter was understood
before the resolution was offered,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew mv motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 11, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton-.
The Journal ofyesterday wasread and approved.
SUPPRESSION 01<' TIIJS SLAVE TRADII.
The SPEAKER laid before the H ouse a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
muting a copy of the treaty between the United :
States and her Britannic Majesty, for the sup- i
pressiou of the African slave trade, and cone- j
spondence between Mr. Seward and Lord Lyons j
in telation to it; which were referred to the Com- i
mtttee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be :
printed. I
HXCa.VNOE OF PRISOMUtlS.
Tne SPEAKER also laid befure the House a
communication from the Secretary of Wai, trans-
mitting copies of the correspondence of Major
General John E. Wool, in relation to the exchange
of prisoners of war; which were laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
COLORADO PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Terri-
tory of Colorado, announcing that he had, on the
30th ultimo, forwarded by mail to the Speaker
one copy of the statutes of Colorado of 1861, one
copy of the Council journal for 1861, and one copy
of the House journal for 1861; which was laid on
the table.
DEFENSE OP FORT SUMTER.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolutions:
Whereas the House of Repiesentatives of the Congress
of the United States h.ivo made no suitable acknowledg-
ment of the services of Major Andei son and iii^ gallant hand
at Fort Sumter and Charleston harbor; and whereas Gen-
eral Anderson's bold and patriotic and feat less aets have
heenjuitifijd by tins House; and whereas it is an appropri-
ate ciis-tom to commemorate and perpetuate such woithy
deed? by suitable medals for encouragement to the patriotic:
Theiefore,
Resolved, That the Ilou^e of Representatives hereby ex-
presses its high sense of the service*, rendered by Major
Anderson and his command to the cause of the nation and
the Union by iheirfeailess conduct and patient sufferings.
Resolved, That a committee oftluecbe appointed who
shall cause to he executed and presented to Maior Ander-
son and his officers and soldiers, who were at Fort Sumter,
suitable medah, hi.-torie In character and appropriate in
composition—gold for officers, and silver for men.
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
that some other member of this House would
have presented resolutions, similar to those now
offered, on the conduct of Major Anderson and
his gallant band in the harbor of Charleston,
South Carolina. And while the majesty of silence
may best befit the occasion which waked a nation
to her duty, rousing lethargic patriotism to grand
and heroic action, yet something is due to our-
selves, to Congress, to the country, and the na-
tion's history. It is meet and right that upon our
Journals shall be found by the future chronicler
of our country's history some slight evidence that
we ourselves held in esteem the scenes and actors
which brought a nation from despondency and
confusion, and almost anaichy, into the fullness
of the majesty of asserting so grandly the great
truth of government, that " her seat is the bosom
of God, her voice the harmony of the world—the
mother of peace and joy."
However great may be the victories of this war,
however brilliant the achievements of our arms,
however numerous our heroes, by land or by sea,
there can be hut one Port Sumter, one Major
Anderson, o*id but one such band of soldiers.
A military evacuation, an annoying defeat, and
yet a glorious victory, a moral victory, waking
into earnest life a nation apparently almost dead
to pah iotism and honor, preserving Government,
our Government, our liberty, and our Union, a
heritage for our pnsteiity and the nations of the
earth forever; and God grant that to Major An-
derson and his associates may be afforded the priv-
ilege and pleasure of replanting the flag of the
Union on Sumter, its bunting to wave there for-
ever. Bear with me, Mr. Speaker, as I hastily
refresh your mind with the incidents of I860 and
1861, so far as they relate to Major Anderson and
his gallant band. On the 17th of December, 1860,
the convention of South Carolina assembled, and
three days thereafter, by aunanimous vote, passed
her ordinance of secession; and on the 24th of
the same month Governor Pickens, by proclama-
tion, declared the State independent of the Federal
Government. The position then was, " war is
imminent—peace impossible." On the 19th of
December, 1860, the icbels of Charleston declared
that no more soldiers should be sent to the forts
in the harbor of Charleston by the General Gov-
ernment. The Charleston Mercury, of December
22, declared that the President would not reinforce
Fort Moultrie, that the forts would be demanded
by the State authorities, and if not given up, " the
people will obey the call for war, and take the
forts." Thus forewarned, oh! how did patriot-
ism and the spirit of our fathers lie prostrate amid
this vaulting treason ! How chafed the spirit of
the gallant Anderson, compelled quietly to endure
the taunts of rebels, with no oiders summarily to
punish dishonor done to a flag dear to brave and
true hearts. On the festival of the nativity of
Him who came to proclaim peace on earth and
good will to men," Major Anderson witnessed
the unrebuked entrance of troops into Charleston
to initiate a war against the best Government any
nation has ever enjoyed.
On the next day Fort Moultrie, hitherto occu-
pied by General Anderson, was evacuated. The
Charleston Courier,of Decem0er27,speaks ofFort
Moultrie's " busy look one week ago,when scores
of laborers were engaged in adding to its strength.
Around, on every side, were the evidence of labor.
The walls of the fort evinced a rare degree of en-
ergy in preparing for the attack." General An-
derson labored to fortify Moultrie, until he saw
the troops of the rebels pouring into Charleston,
until he saw that his Government had failed to
furnish sufficient men for both forts—Sumter and
Moultrie. The latter fort covers so much surface
that it could not be defended successfully at alt
points by a garrison of less than three hundred
men, the adjacent buildings furnishing conceal-
ment and protection for an attacking force until
they arrive at the walls of the fort. Experienced
military men, well acquainted with the position,
say that a force of two hundred and fifty men, by
an attack skillfully planned and executed, could
have taken the place with the garrison under
Anderson. The general did his work well at
Moultrie, hoping even to the last for decision and
earnest action in his behalf on the part of the Ad-
ministration and the country. Seeing thatSouth
Carolina intended to seize Fort Sumter in ad-
vance, and thus compel the evacuation of Moul-
trie, thereby holding both forts, Major Anderson
anticipated South Carolina. Sumter was occupied
on the night of the 26th of December, 1860, and
preciselyat twelve o'clock, m., December 27,the
American flag was hoisted from the staff of the
fort. The authorities of South Carolina, enraged
at the movement, made great efforts at Washing-
ton to induce the President to order Anderson*
again to Moultrie, but he refused, and John B.
Floyd indignantly resigned thereat.
The removal to Sumter on the part of Ander-
son, while it was one of the plainest devices of the
art of the soldier, was yet, in its circumstances,
one of the boldest, bravest, and wisest movements
that from time to time has awakened slumbering
nations. General Anderson's resolute mainte-
nance of his post till secession ripened into rebel-
lion, and treason culminated into war, stripped
the question of its subtleties, the current debate
of all sophistries, and compelled the diabolism of
disloyalty to lay aside its meretricious dress and
to wear its true and odious garb before the \ision
of a startled and indignant people. J t was action,
the initiation of decision, unauthoiized by the
Administration, taken for himself and his coun-
try,so obviously right that it was not repudiated.
Here is the first feeble glimmering of a Govern-
ment, the first exhibition that the nation had a
President, and that we had a country. Floyd
removed, with a noble, wise, and patriotic suc-
cessor, a new aspect i3 assumed. The highest
military commendation of the country was be-
stowed on Anderson for the occupancy of Fort
Sumter. Fort Moultrie and Castle Pinckney were
possessed immediately by the rebels, and put in
readiness for firing on Anderson. The Palmetto
flag was raised over custom-house and post office,
and the revenue cutter of the port was betrayed
by Captain Coste into the hands of the rebels.
General Wool advised the Administration, De-
cember 6, that troops should be sent promptly to
man the forts in the harbor. He urged the send-
ing of four of the companies at Foitiess Monroe
without delay. He said:
"The Union can be preseived, but it rcquiies film, de-
cided. pioinpt, and eneigcuc measures on the past of the
President."
The last day of 1860 closed with the arsenal at
Charleston in possession of South Carolina, and
strong fortifications in and around Charleston
harbor to resist reinforcements to Major Ander-
son. The year 1861 opens with censorship over
telegrams in South Carolina, with Charleston pa-
trolled by military, with the minute men at Nor-
folk ready to seize the Brooklyn, and with the
news at Washington that Sumter is besieged,
|j Major Anderson's communication cut off, Fort
J Moultrie repaired, and guns remounted by the
! rebels.
| January 5, the South Carolina commissioners
j were excluded from further communication with
j the President. The one right step of Anderson
| led to Floyd's resignation and the first exhibition
; of self-respect and dignity shown by the Govern-
