1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
■ STtii Cosg....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Loomis.
Ho. of Reps.
gress has power " to provide for the common de-
fense and general welfare of the United States;"
to " declare war, grant letters of marque and re-
prisal, and make rules concerning captures on land
and water;" " to raise and support armies,"
without restriction as to race, color, or condition;
"to provide and maintain a navy;" "to make
rules for the government of the land and naval forces;''
" to provide for calling out the militia, to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions; and also " to make all laws ne-
cessary and proper for carrying into execution
the foregoing powers." Nothing, it seems to me,
could be desired more full and complete as a grant
of war powers to Congress. Story, in his Com-
mentaries on the Constitution, says:
"The power to declare war is exclusive in Congress."
* * * * "It includes the exercise of all the
ordinaiy rights of belligerents, and Congress may, there-
fore, pass suitable laws to enloree them. Tliey may nu-
thouse the seizure and condemnation of the property of the
enemy, within or without the territory of the United States,
and the confiscation of debts due to the enemy."
But this question has been definitely settled by
the decision of Chief Justice Marshall in the Su-
preme Court of the United States. In the case of
Brow n vs. The United States, reported in 8 Crunch,
the court says:
" Respecting ttie power of Government, no doubt is en-
tertamed. That war gtve.no the sovereign full light to take
the persons and confiscate the property of the enemy where-
ever found, is conccded. The mitigations of this ngidiule,
which humane and wise policy of modern times lias intro-
duced to ptactice, will more or less affect the exercise of
this light, but cannot impair th# light itseii. That lemains
undiminished, and when the sovereign authority shall
choosu to bung it into operation, the judicial depaitment
must give effect to its will. But until that will shall he ex-
pressed, nopowei of condemnation can exist in the court."
***********
li War gives an equal light over persons and pioperty;
and if its declaration i> not consideied as piesciibing a law
respecting the pci&on of an enemy found in our counhy,
neither does it prescribe a law for lus propcity. The Act
concerning alien enemies, which confers on the President
very great discretionaiy powers respecting their persons,
affords a stsong implication that he did not possess those
powers by virtue of the declaration of war.
"The 4act for the safe keeping and accommodation of
prisoners of war,' is of the same character.
l* The act prohibiting trade with the enemy contains this
clause : 4 Jind. be it farther enactcd, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to give,
at any time within sixmonths after the passage of this act,
passports for the safe transposition of any ship or oihei
ptoperty belonging to British subjects, and which is now
within the limits ofthc United States.'
" The phraseology of this law shows that the property of
a British subject was not considered by the Legislatuie as
being vested in the United States by thedeclatation of wai;
and the authority which the act confers on the President is
manifestly considered as one which he did not pieviously
possess.
u It is urged that, in executing the laws of war, the Exec-
utive may seize and the com ts condemn all property which,
accoidmg to the modem luw of nations, is subject to con-
fiscation; alihough it might require an act of the Legisla-
ture to justify the condemnation of that property which,
aceoidimr to modem usage, ought not to be confiscated.
" This'aigument must aUume for its ba^is the position
that modern linage constitutes a lule which acts dnectly
upon the thing itself by its own foiee, and not through the
soveieign power. This position is not allowed. Tinsucoge
is a guide w'hich the sovereign follows or abandons at his
will. The rule, like otherprecepts of morality,of human-
ity, and even of wisdom, is addressed to the judgment of the
sovereign, and although it cannot be disregarded by him
without obloquy, yet it may be disregarded.
"The rule is, in its n.Uuie, flexible, it is subject to in-
finite modification. It is not an immutable mle oflaw,but
depends on political considerations, which may continu-
ally vary.
'♦ Commercial nations, in the situation of the United
States, have always a considetable quantity of property in
the possession of their neighbors. When war bieaks out,
the question, what shall be done With enemy property in
our eoiuitty, is a question rather of policy than oi law. The
rule winch we apply to the pioperty oi our enemy will he
applied by him to the property of our citizens. Like all
other questions of policy, it is proper for the consideration
of a department which can modify it at will, not for the
consideration of a department which can pursue only the
law as it is written. It is proper for the consideration of
the legislature, not of the executive or judiciary.
" It appears to the court, that the power of confiscating
enemy pioperty is in the Legislature, and that the Legisla-
ture has not y«'t declared its will to confiscate property
which was withm our territory at the declaration of war.5'
Wheaton,in commenting on the above case,
says:
li The property cannot be seized and condemned as prize
of war without some legislative act expiessly authorizing
its confiscation. The court held that the law ot Congress
declaring war was notsuch an act. That declaration did
not, by its own operation, so vest the property of the enemy
in the Government, as to support judicial proceedings for
.its seizure and confiscation. Uggested only a right to con-
fiscate the assertion of which depended on the will of the
sovereign power."
In regard to the transfer of private rights of
property, Wheaton holds this further language:
* *• It is competent for the national authority to work a trans-
mutation, total or partial, ot the property belonging to the
vanquished party, and if actually confiscated, the fact must
be taken for right. But to woi k such a transfer of pionrie-
tary rights, sonic positive and unequivocal act of confisca-
tion is essential. Most of the nations of Euiope acquiied
title to territoiy they possess by conquests, and private
persons have deuved their titles from that of the Govern-
ment, thus obtained."
I know that the decision to which I have just
referred relates to a foreign enemy, and not to
traitors, who are making war on the Government
to which they owe allegiance. But it is equally
applicable to the latter, who arc as much, yea,
more, the enemies of the country. In the case of
a foreign war, every subject is constructively an
enemy, whether actually so or not. In the case
of rebels in arms, every one is an actual enemy.
Every reason that can be given for confiscating
the property of an enemy in a foreign war will
apply with still greater force to a civil war like our
own. And every reason that makes an act of
Congtess necessary or proper in the former case
will require it in the latter. The great principle
in both cases which justifies such a proceeding
against the property is the same, to wit: the right
of self-defense; " indemnity for the past and secu-
rity for the future." The gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Piielps,] in his speech yesterday,
asked the question, " would you treat a rebel worse
than a foreign enemy?" I reply that no greater
lenity should at any rate be shown him, and in
many cases justice would require greater seventy,
for in addition to the guilt of making actual war
on the Government, the rebel has voluntarily vio-
lated the sacred obligation of allegiance, and has
committed the crime of treason, which includes
all other crimes.
It has been asserted by several gentlemen dur-
ing this debate, that the law of nations no longer
allows the confiscation of private property on land.
But whatever ameliorations may have been intro-
duced in practice the tight, I apprehend, stili ex-
ists. Manning, in his work on the law of nations,
(p. I3G,) says:
"Jt [that i , puvate property on land} is still liable to
seizure under cucum^tances constituting in themselves a
necessity of which the contjucror is the judge."
And Chancellor Kent says:
" However strong the currentof authority in favor of the
modem and milder construction of the law on this subject,
the point seems to be no longer open for discussion in tins
country, and it has become definitively settled in favor of
the ancient and stonier mle by the Supreme Couitof the
United States."—Vol, J, tenth edition, p. 60.
Professor Parsons says:
(* It is a common opinion that civilization has so fm mit-
igated war that it is no longer one ol the law* of wat to
seize, u e. or destiny private pioperty. This is a mistake,
according to all tin1 authoniies on the law ol nation^. It
is undoubtedly tine, however, that the modern usages ami
propi lettes ot wai—and theie are .such things—would jus-
uly the exeicise of this right only on the giound ofinihtaiy
necessity."
The reason, I suppose, for any mitigation of
the ancient rule in practice is, that in most cases
the owner of such property is only constructively
an enemy, and is not to be held peisonuliy re-
sponsible as his Government is; but this reason
is not applicable to rebels in arms, each one of
whom is himself a belligerent, and personally
responsible.
Another consideration should also be borne in
mind as applicable to the war in which we are
now engaged. The rebels have all along confis-
cated the private property of loyal men, and a
just retaliation demands of us and justifies the
exercise of this right.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
warned us against this measure on account of the
danger that other nations in time of war might
seize upon it as a precedent against us. And he
asked the question, " what if England should ap-
ply the rule to us?" I do notthink there is the least
danger of this, because England would not be un-
mindful of the fact that our enemies in this war
are also our own subjects, and she would be the
last nation to adopt such a precedent. And what
nation in a war with England would for a moment
claim the right to seize her subjects and blow them
out of the mouths of cannon because instances
could be adduced to show that England had so
done to strike terror into the hearts of her rebel-
lious subjects who had made war upon her?
But let us pass to consider what many regard
as the most objectionable thing in the bills now
before the House. I refer to the proposition to
forfeit the slaves of willful traitors. We not only
take away the inanimate property of a rebel Ln
arms, but actually propose to release the living
souls that lie has degraded to the level of things.
the blood-stained traitor hold a title deed in his
brother man that can never bo nullified, even as
a penalty of treason, and which must bo consid-
ered paramount to the necessities of war and the
life of the nation? According to a Hindoo law, the
penalty denounced against a particular crime was
to be remitted only in case the inducement to its
commission was the present of an elephant, that
being a douceur too magnificent for any one to be
expected to refuse. So in this country slavery is
our elephant, for which all penalties are to be
remitted, however atrocious tne crime! I trust, '
however, by this time we have seen enough of the
diabolical nature of slavery, and its implacable
hostility to all free institutions, at least to refuse
to the slave-owner, who is guilty of treason, any
extraordinary privileges over other traitors.
But wo are continually reminded that this House
has declared by solemn resolution that the releaso
| of the slaves is not the object of the war. I stand
by that resolution still. Neither the destruction
of the institution of slavery, nor the destruction
of private property or human life, can be placed
among the objects of the war; but ali these things
may bo indispensable means of bringing the war
to a close. What has slavery done that it should
now be entitled to such extraordinary privileges
and such tendeP treatment? To use the forcible
language of another:
" It hart been a leaven ol'disorder and stiife through fifty
yeais of our hMoiy ; it has flatly eontiadieted eveiygen
eiouswoid we have spoken ior Ireedom ami human i ights ,
it has condemned and disallowed the gioat democratic Ideas
having their embed i menu u our governmental fain ie ; it has
clutched eageily and savagely at cveiy new iood or terri-
toiy opened Jul national occupation ; it lias been a standing
protest against what we boasted as the freer and puiet civ-
ilization ol tiie western woild ; an anomaly amid out laws,
institutions, and social svstem; an internal and Irrecon-
cilable antagonism to our unify, liberty, and progicss—at
home a pest, disgrace abroad, it has opened puiposejy that
great chasm that stietches to-day its black gaping Veam
across the breadth of the land; it has kindled the baleful
and devouring tires of civil war; it gave the stormy signal
of battle and bloodshed be lot e ►Sumter* silent walls ; ithas
diawn millions of t ea-uro fiom < ommeicc and industiy,
and hnndieds of thousands of lives liom pleasant homes
and peaceful pursuits to subdue its mad rage against the
mother that sholteied it so long and tenderly, and hasenm-
soned the turf of our land, that has been gieen these many
years beneath heaven's dews and showers, with the red life
ol loyal heaitv.
" Shall thi> evil thing be the only thingof which we shall
be tender and careful, now that the national will can go
forth unlettered 3 Shall eveiything else the land has rich
and dear be sacrificed in tliM extremity, and slavery alone
he saved ? Shall we who love the oountiy give up the earn-
ings of fingal and toiling years, give up our family hopes
and eomfoit-;, giveupoui Sabbaths and Sabbath ordinances,
give up our suns and brothers, and hold hie itself ready to
the call, that slavery, winch has struck at the country's
heart, may come out of the strife with every plume un-
shorn? Aic we baciilieing so much that we may gather
again the scattered flock of States with this wolf in the
mid^t? Do we build again the temple of tin; national unity
with this bombshell a* one of the stones of the rising walls,
its ("use burning, and another explosion sure? Shall we
conquer a peace by such snflering and outlay, and bind up
with it in its covenant and ticaty the same old element of
rending and strife.5
u A few years will pa«s, and among our cities and villages
will he seen half-built houses, half-tilled fields, enterprises
of impiovomcnt and enlargement arrested in mid-career,
men moving about scancd and manned, with crutches in-
stead of implements of labor m their hands, monuments and
relics of fieiee battles and wasting campaigns, and our chil-
dren will a>k us, 'what was gained by the great wai
Shall we have nothing to show for it all, no answer to give
but this, {a new lease of lite for slavery ?' "
i believe it is just and fight to confiscate the
property and tofree the slaves of every leading and
willful traitor, if ever justice and the public exi-
gency demanded such a measure, itis now. If any
enemies on God'sgreen earth ever deserved such
treatment, then these traitors to God and man de-
serve it, who have lifted their blood-stained and
parricidal hands against a Government they had .
