THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mcnt towards the rebellion. The commissioners
ought to have been arrested and put in irons as
traitors. Just severity, early, would have proved
mercy tothe people, and economy to the nation.
Tlx4 rebellion was tampered with as if a political
contest or a party issue. There was no recogni-
tion of its sin, its crime, its true character, strik-
ing at the very existence of Government; ignoring
the remedy, not to be found in the philosophy
and history of politics, but in the philosophy and
history of revolutions.
Humiliated under the pressure of historic and
national responsibility, with little to sustain him
beyond the consciousness of his integrity and the
favor of God, the hero of Sumter must have been
cheered by the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, offered by Mr. Adrain,of New Jersey:
"That we fully approve the bold anil patriotic act of Ma-
jor Anderson in withdrawing fioin Fort Moultrie to Foit
Similei, and the detet munition of the President to maintain
that feailcss officer in Iih present condition "
Communication was cutoff between Sumter and
Charleston; tine paymaster was not allowed to
pay Anderson's men; early in the morning of Jan-
uary 8 the Star of the West was repeatedly fired
into, making her way to Sumter, and the national
flag insulted; at eleven o'clock Major Anderson
sent to Governor Pickens, inquiring if the firing
on the Star of the West had his sanction, and he
replied that it had, and a special messenger was
dispatched to Washington; Major Anderson de-
clared to Governor Pickens that the firing on an
unarmed vessel, bearing the flag of the Govern-
ment, is " without parallel in 1 lie history of our
country or any otherciyilized Government," and
if not disclaimed, he must " regard it as an act of
war;" and he wrote, " I shall not, after reason-
able time for the return of my messenger, permit
any vessel to pass within range of the guns of my
fort."
In the early days of the Republic such insults
would have been promptly avenged by the Gov-
ernment. Emboldened by the past, Governor Pick-
ens sent to Washington for a balance of $3,000,
due him as late minister to Russia, which the De-
partment duly honored by sending him a draft on
the stolon sub-Treasury. A few days afterwards
Colonel Hayne is received by the President, who,
in behalf of South Carolina, demands the with-
drawal of the garrison from Fort Sumter; and on
the 25th of January the Catawba Indians are re-
ceived into the service of the rebels at Charleston,
and on the last day of January South Carolina
offered to buy Sumter,and if notaccedcd to, threat-
ened " to seize it by force." Each day added in-
sult to the Government and to Anderson.
Hastening on, I pass over the events of Febru-
ary.
The 5th of March General Beautegard took
command of the forces at Charleston for the in-
vestment of Fort Sumter. On the 8th of April
the General Government advises South Carolina
that they desue to send supplies to Fort Sumter
in an unarmed vessel. South Carolina replies that
she will fire on the vessel. The Federal Govern-
ment rejoins that supplies will be sent, peaceably
if possible, otherwise by force. The entire mil-
itary force of Charleston is ordered out, fourthou-
sand men are telegraphed for from the country. \
At midnight, at the discharge of seven guns from
Citadel Square, men are hastening to their rendez- !
vous; drums and the tramp of soldiers and gallop I
of cavalry resound through the streets all night j
long. Major Anderson displays signal lights dur- ;
ing the night from the walls of Sumter. The pa-
pers of the next day hope that " such a blow will
be struck that Sumter and Charleston harbor will
be remembered at the Noith as long as they exist
as a people." April 11, at two, p. m., Colonel
Chestnut and Major Lee, aids to General Beaure-
gard,dumanded o'fMajor Anderson that he should
evacuate the fort. Atsix, p. m., hereplicd that his
"sense of honor and Ins obligations to his Gov-
ernment would prevent his compliance with the
demand." Seven thousand men were now under
aims around Fort Sumter, and "one hundred and
foity pieces of ordnancc of heavy caliber in posi-
tion.
What was the condition of things within the
fort ? The force consisted of seventy soldiers, one
hundred and twenty workmen, and nine officers.
Provisions stopped from the city, the gai rison liv-
ing upon commissary stores of scanty supply, the
men at work, with little intermission, closing up
embrasures, clearing the parade, and walling up
the main gate. There were no elevating screws
for guns, and but scanty implements. Staff offi-
cers assisted those of the line on guard duty, sen-
tinels were visited every two hours through the
night, watching the guard boats, with which the
haibor was filled, to resist reinforcements for the
fort. Fuel gave out, and in January the officers
were confined to one fire, and were compelled to
use the wooden structures on parade, and finally
the blacksmith shop, for fuel. The command was
limited to shorter rations. One of the officers of
the garrison says:
" The rebels landed their men and guns within range of
the guns of Foit Sumter and our brave men had no power
to act. Slowly the rebehwent on until they completely
suirounded us. We watched their proceedings from day
to day, with feelings to be imagined but not described,
more annoying to us than scantiness ofiood and fuel."
These brave men held on. Major Anderson gave
orders for the women and children to be sent to a
place of safety. The officers packed up what was
most valuable to them; and on the lstof February
left in a small schooner, allowed to take their bed-
ding and a few chairs only. Sad was the scene of
separation between husbands and wives and par-
ents and children. Under ordinary circumstances
such farewell scenes are affecting. When the sol-
dier leaves his homeandfamiiy, the imagination,
with comparative ftintness, suggests the incidents
of disease and wasting, of battles and wounds and
death; but here was the living vivid reality before
them. Amid implements of destruction, amid the
excitement of continued preparation for defense, in
view of the formidable movements of the rebels,
with no hope of succor and decided action fioin
Washington,with no disposition to abandon those
time-honored forts, whet but c.ertain death could
have been anticipated ? Few instances are on record
of more sad pai ting scenes. To them, so far as could
have been anticipated, it was the last look upon
the dearest objects of life. Dearer, dearest, because
about to be lost forever. For three days were the
women and children at Charleston, and no intima-
tion given to their husbands and fathers whether
good faith would be preserved by the Charleston
rebels. Nervous and sleepless were these brave
but sympathetic hearts, for fear their dear ones
were immured in dungeons or detained in the city;
but great was the joy and the relief when from
the decks, and even the rigging of the vessel, the
forms of their loved ones were seen, as the New
York steamer bade adieu to Sumter for that por-
tion of the Union where the ci lme of rebellion was
somewhat understood, and where public faith and
public virtue would appreciate a band so noble as
this of Sumter.
The woik of the men at the fort continued day
! and night, with insufficient means and supplies.
They had been without bread of any sort for
five days. Under this state of the case the demandfor
surrender was refused. On Friday, April 12, at
half past four o'clock, a. m., the first shell was
fired at Sumter. Fire at once was opened from
eighteen mortar batteries,and continued until day-
light. The rebel batteries all day long rained a
storm of iron hail into Sumter. The bauticks
took file twice. Sumter kept up continual fire
upon the batteries of Sullivan's island and Cum-
: ming Point until night. Shells were fired at in-
] termission of ten minutes during the night into
i Sumter. The next morning Sumter opened fire
i again, with the men weak and exhausted, from
i want of food and the strict watch of the night.
The havoc of the enemy's fire was immense.
Early the next morning firing upon Sumter was
renewed with increased vigor. The works of
the fort were everywhere exposed to the shells of
the enemy. The barracks took fire, and so con-
centrated was the enemy's fire upon this part of
the work that Major Anderson forbade any at-
tempt to extinguish it. The fiie raged the whole
day, the casemates were filled with smoke, which,
with the heat, made it almost insupportable—the
men lying on their faces gasping for breath, the
officers wetting their handkerchiefs and spread-
ing them over their faces,and the shells, prepared ;
to resist an assault upon the fort, beginning to ■
explode, the fire threatening the magazine,so that, ;
taking out twenty orthirty barrels of powder, dirt !
wasthrown around itsdoors. The fire still spread, j
and the barrels of powder were, forsafety, thrown ;
into the sea. The guns were still fired, although j
the caitndges werealmostexhausted. Flannels, i
blankets, and sheets from the hospital were put i
in requisition. The flag-staff was shot away, but
the stars and stripes were soon flying again from
the parapet. Wigfall soon came to Sumter with
an offer to cease hostilities, and Major Anderson
and his exhausted, gallant band, marched out
with drums beating and flag still flying. Sumter
fell; but a nation rose to arms. The Secre-
tary of War, 1861, after characterizing; the conduct
of General Twiggs, says that a striking and hon*
orable contrast thereto is found in the heroic and
truly self-sacrificing course pursued by Major
Robert Anderson and the small and gallant band
of officers and men under his command at Fort
Sumter.
Terrible is the historic retribution awaiting Mr.
Buchanan's administration when it shall have be-
come fully patent that the Administration was per-
fectly cognizant of the coming eventsof this civil
war, that the negligence and dereliction of those
in office were of the gravest character, falsely tem-
porizing, negotiating with rebels in arms without
cause and almost without pretext; delicately ten-
der of seditious embassies, most cowardly neglect-
ing true and brave officers and soldiers. The policy
of the retiring Administration necessarily affected
that of the new Administration. Scarcely an
A rmy or Navy, and these of doubtful loyalty, the
rebellion grown into power and magnitude, and
organized, earnest, active, and full of hope; the
friends of the Union disheartened, the free States
divided, the Breckinridge Democracy generally
almost for the rebels openly, the loyalty of the
nation untried, Mr. Lincoln leceived the gift of
the nation, with its embarrassments, and with the
annoyanccs of the policy of his weak if not faintly
loyal predecessor. Mr. Lincoln, the day after his
inauguration, received Major Anderson's letter of
February 28. It contained his professional opin-
ion, concurred in by all the officers of his com-
mand, that reinforcements could not be given with-
in the time for his relief, rendered necessary by
the limited supply of provisions, and with a view
of holding possession of the same, with a force
of less than twenty thousand good and well dis-
ciplined men. General Scotland the officers of the
Army and Navy concurred, General Scott at the
same time saying that no such sufficient force was
then at the control of the Government or could be
brought to the ground within the time when tho
provisions in the foit would be exhausted. Asa
military matter the only possible duty of Mr. Lin-
coln was to get the garrison out safely. As ad-
vised by military experts, Mr. Lincoln did his full
duty. But there was a Stale, policy. I can con-
ceive of nothing more prostrating and perplexing
than the position of Major Anderson. His de-
votion to his country was religious, sacred. He
loved it and cherished her honor as his religion.
He will have his reward.
A passing remark I will make to those who sus-
pect a man merely because bom in the South.
Anderson, the first and great hero of this war, is
of southern birth. A gentleman is a gentleman
wherever found. So is true loyalty, wherever
found—true loyalty, North or South. Southern
men have been loyal at a sacrifice unknown at the
Notth; a sacrifice of social position, of ij^e endear-
ments of relationship and home, of the associa-
tions of childhood, of local attachments, and of
political and ecclesiastical relations. The spirit
of southern devotion to the Union is the martyr
spiiit tiicd as by fire; and by Union men 1 mean
only those who have no contingencies in their
devotion to the Union, who place neither houses,
nor lands, nor sons, nor yet slaves before the
Union; who would offer all on the altar of liberty
and the Union, that posterity and distant genera-
tions and the oppressed of all lauds may find here
the home of freedom and self-government. I call
not those persons of the North truly loyal and
for the Union who attempt to embarrass the Ad-
ministration, and unjustly attack it for the pitiful
purpose of organizing a party for their own selfish
purposes amid our nation's troubles. They are
traitors at heart, and need only opportunity and
circumstances to be traitors in action.
But what, Mr. Speaker, was the condition of
the country in mid-Api il, when Sumter foil ? The
President said that he found on the 4th of March
the functions of the Federal Government sus-
pended in six States, all the forts and arsenals in
them seized and m hostility to the Government,ex-
cept Forts Pickens, Taylor, and Jefferson, on the
Florida coast, and Fort Sumter, Charleston har-
