1862.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
this paper is worth one cent or five dollars.
Whether my home is on fire to-davor not I care
but little, if I have no confidence in the Govern-
ment under which I live.
Well, now, sir, how shall we effect this? By
making this paper a legal tender we bring all the
interests of the community into close assimilation.
We bring the bankers and the moneyed men and
the buyers and sellers upon the same level. If
you say by law—as 1 believe you have a right to
say and will say—that this paper shall be a legal
tender, you make it the interest of the banker in
Wall street to take it over his counter,for he can-
not get his debt without it; he must take it and pay
it out, and thus he has a direct interest in mam-
tainingits value. And when you have made this
high level of the interests of the whole commu-
nity in its commerce, in its financial operations,
and in its more homely operations m the transac-
tion of business in the country, you have formed
a basis of faith and a basis of confidence thatcan-
not be shaken.
Permit me again to say it will be the direct in-
terest of the creditor and the debtor, of the buyer
and seller, to sustain this currency. Let me illus-
trate; the debtor who sells his produce or other
commodities for means to discharge his indebted-
ness, can afford to receive them as par funds, be-
cause they will, being a legal tender, discharge
liis indebtedness without discount. It will be for
his interest to sustain this .cucrcncy, because it
supplies an adequate circulating medium that may
be received in exchange for his productions that
will discharge his own indebtedness, which can-
not be done by a depreciated currency. Certainly
the purchaser is interested in sustaining at par a
currency in which he pays for the articles pur-
chased. This needs no proof. The creditor, if
it be made a legal tender, will most clearly be in-
terested in sustaining the money he is compelled
to take in the payment of the debts due him—
whether this compulsion be by law or otherwise;
so all will be interested in accomplishing the same
object—the high standard of value of these notes.
Mr. Chairman, it certainly may be set down as
sound policy to, if possible, make the medium or
currency which discharges the indebtedness of
the country the same which is used m the pur-
chase and sale of the productions of the country.
In other words: that that which operates as a sol-
vent of indebtedness should be of the same stand-
aid of value as the currency which fixes the char-
acter of indebtedness at the time it was contracted.
This policy, if adopted and adhered to, would
save us from the ruinous fluctuations in monetary
affairs that not unfrequcntly befall us.
Gentlemen say, however, that this cannot be
done unless there is something upon which to
base this paper. 1 point them back to the nation.
1 tell them that every dollar I possess, and every
dollar they possess, and every dollar in the coun-
try is pledged for its ultimate redemption. If the
Government goes on—as go on it will, thank God
—then every dollar and every cent of it will be
paid; and if the Government goes down, then I
do not care how many millions of Treasury notes
go down with it.
I want now to take the other view of the ques-
tion. I want to speak for a moment upon the cur-
rency that is proposed to be issued by the oppo-
nents of this bill, but those who are yet the friends
of the issue of Treasury notes without their being
made a legal tender in payment of private debts.
The value of that currency will depend upon the
combinations that may be made against it. We
know that whatever the ultimate security may be,
a currency cannot stand at par where there are
strong and powerful combinations against it, if it
is based upon the idea of ultimate security rather
than of immediate convertibility. What will be
the result? Why, the bankers and brokers of the
country will have a direct intciest to depreciate
it. The countiy owes them. The debts of the
country are fixed in amount; and if they can force
this currency down, they thereby comparatively
force their debts up. They make you pay in a
good currency what you owe, and they depreciate
the currency you have to pay in. Why will they
depreciate it? Because they propose to furnish
the currency themselves. They propose to depre-
ciate it, and speculate in a depreciated currency.
And, sir, they can do it by their hold on the com-
merce of the country. They have become the av-
enues of commerce, the organs of commerce, from
east to west, from north to south; and with this
power, and with their interests antagonistic to this
currency, they will try to depreciate it, and will
succeed. They will make you pay to your tired
and true soldier that which will not buy them boots
and clothing.
Again, sir, there is a necessity, a pressing ne-
cessity, for some relief to the producers of the
West, if nowhere else, in the way of a currency
to represent our productions. Our commerce has
been prostrated and our currency destroyed, and
this, too, when the whole land is literally filled
with material wealth. Our barns, our granaries,
our storehouses are filled; but, sir, this war has
locked it all up; business is deranged; commercial
confidence is destroyed. Taxation, heavy, bur-
densome taxation, stares us in the face. Sir, tax-
ation must be met; taxes must be paid. We have
propeity; wehaveagiiculturaland mineral wealth
in abundance. Give us a reliable currency, as this
will be, to represent this wealth. Save us from
the snares and foul hands of harpy money spec-
ulators, and we will gladly, promptly respond to
all and every requirement of the Government.
Without it, sir, 1 tell you plainly and frankly
that, in my judgment, your tax laws will remain
unexecuted. Pass this bill, and business and
commerce will revive; confidence will be restored;
and the wealth and productions of the West will
be known and represented in the national Treas-
ury.
These, Mr. Chairman, are my views on the
policy of this measure. Bear in mind that the two
systems will operate on two inteiests. One sys-
tem will combine the interests of the creditor,
the debtor, the purchaser, and the seller. The
other will combine the interests of the creditor,
and of him who is to sell exchanges in the mar-
ket. We have suffered enough, Mr. Chairman,
in our communities by this question of currency.
The people of your State and mine, sir, con-
tracted debts under an expanded currency. When
that currency became depreciated, and the cur-
rency of the country contacted, they were com-
pelled to pay them in good currency, which was
worth almost double as much as it was when the
debts were contracted. No Government can exist
under such a policy. We want, by this biil, to
place the currency of the country on a higher
level. We want to equalize and elevate it. Then,
as our faith in the Government increases, so will
the strength of the Government increase.
Mr. Chairman, I have now said what I desired
to say. I will not detain the committee longer.
But 1 do urge up >n the committee that, in what-
ever is done, two great principles may be home
in mind. One principle is, to give to the Govern-
ment all the facilities in our power, even to the
verge of the Constitution. To save the Govern-
ment I would reach even over the parapets of the
Constitution, yet standing within it, for power to
save it. The other principle which should be
borne in mind is, that when you make theseTreas-
ury notes currency,you must make it the interest
of all to sustain it Make a currency which will
not be deceptive. Make one which will equalize
commercial transactions and save them from fluc-
tuations, which will prevent the debtor side being
disproportioncd to the creditor side. Mr. Chair-
man, it was well said the other day by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] that in
the darkest hour of the Revolution, when money
was needed, when the troops were disbanding,
when the Army was dissolving, and the hopes of
the country were passing away, Robert Morris
sprung to his feet and said: "Here is a scheme
for making a circulating medium, which shall ele-
vate the commerce of the country, facilitate the
transactions of business, enable men who have
the means to clothe the soldiers and supply arms."
Men doubted; and the same cry was heard then
that js heard now, about basing a currency on
nothing. He said: "Trjrit. Everything is at
stake; try it. Your Army is passing away; try if.
The credit of the Government is going; try it.
Faith in everything Amcncan is passing away;
try it." They tried it. Commerce sprung into
life. The Army was clothed. Confidence and hope
revived. The Army filled up, and the result was
the mighty victory of civilization. Try this now
in our day of calamity. Strain every energy of
the Government. Have one thing fixedly in view; j
that while all else may fail, while all may grow ^
dark, the star of the Sepublic still shines, and all
the energies of the nation must be brought into
requisition to perpetuate the institution which that
star represents.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I am anxious to vote for some measure for
the speedy relief of the Government. I have lis-
tened with care to the whole debate, with the hope
that the difficulties which had occurred to my* own
mind might be relieved. Nay, more, I have dili-
gently sought to convince myself that it was in
the power of Congress to pass this bill, including
the provision making the notes legal tender for
all public and private debts. I have wished to see
also that the bill could be passed and the good
faith of this Government maintained. I have failed
upon both of these points; and with the indul-
gence of the committee will state, briefly, some of
the reasons which will lead me to vote against the
bill as it now stands.
The question at the threshold of the discussion
is that of legal power—the competency of Con-
gress to pass the bill. Congress has upon this
subject the powers given to it by the Constitution.
This is a Government of specific powers, supreme
in their sphere, but the sphere confessedly limited.
We look to the Constitution to see if the power
is given. We do not say the power is not de-
nied, and therefore exists; but that it is not granted,
and theiefore docs not exist. The powers granted
are express or implied, are given in terms, or arc
the reasonable inferences from the express grants.
Now it is conceded that there is no express power
given to Congress to make the notes or bills of
the Government legal tender. There is a power
given to Congress upon the subject-matter. It
has the power to coin money, regulate the value
thereof and of foreign coins.
These words," to coin money," have a plain and
obvious meaning. The only coinage is that of the
metals, " hard money." To coin money and reg-
ulate the value thereof is to fix its legal value, the
value for which it is to be received, as an equiva-
lent in commerce and in discharge of obligations
and contracts. This constitutional power of coin-
age was first executed by the statute of 1792; and
that statute has a provision making the coins legal
tender; but there can be no doubt that whenever
money is coined by Government under the Con-
stitution it becomes ipso facto legal tender. But
whcthei legislation be necessary to carry the pro-
vision into effect or nor, it is too plain for argu-
ment that the power to coin money and regulate
its value is the power to say for what value it
shall be received.
There being no express power in the Constitu-
tion tomake'the notes a legal tender, is such a
power to be reasonably inferred from any of the
express powers ? Before answering this question,
two things are to be observed.
The first is that there being an express grant of
power upon this subject of the coining of money
and fixing its legal value, we should not reason-
ably expect to find an additional power on the
same subject given by implication. The expres-
sion of the one would ordinarily be the exclusion
of the other. The second thing to be noted is that
it appears by the debates of the convention, and
by the note of Mr Madison, that this subject was
before the convention, and that a grant of power
to emit bills of credit, with the apparent purpose
of making them legal tender, was refused.
It is said that the power to make these notes a
legal tender is a reasonable implication from the
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations,
among the States, and with the Indian tiibes. The
argument is, and it is entitled to consideration,
that money is one of the great instruments of com-
merce—as much so as the ship—and that the power
to regulate the principal thing is the power to reg-
ulate its instrumentalities, i confess that at first
this view of the question deeply impressed me.
But further reflection has satisfied me it Is not
sound. If the Constitution were otherwise silent
upon the subject, the implication would doubtless
be a strong one.
But the Constitution has spoken, has indicated
what shall be money under its provisions,and the
power of Congress over it.
Again: the practical construction of the Con-
stitution has been that no such power existed.
Though the exigencies of the Government have
heretofore been great, the experiment has nevei
been tried, nor, so far as I know, ever before sug-
gested.
