1862.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
37th Conk....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Arnold.
Ho. of Reps.
and condemnation of all goods and chattels in
transitu between the loyal and insurrectionary
States, together with the vessel or vehicle convey-
ing the same, and the act of August 6, 1861, au-
thorized the confiscation of property used for
insurrectionary purposes, and forfeited the claim
of the master to the service of any person held by
him to service, when the slave was employed by
the master to aid the insurrection in the manner
therein stated.
The preceding legislation rests for its legality
upon the same basis as the law now proposed.
The extent to which Congress will go in the ex-
ercise of its power is a question of policy; the na-
ture and source of the power is the sfene. It is a
right belonging to the Government, under the law
of nations, in time of war, and which is included
in the power to declare war conferred by the Con-
stitution. The right to confiscate and condemn
enemy's propeity in time of war was very fully
considered and settled in the ease of Brown vs.
The United States, reported first in 2 Galiison's
Repot ts, and decided on appeal in the Supreme
Court, in 8 Cranch. In that case the property
libeled consisted of a quantity of lumber belong-
ing to a British subject, and found after the dec-
laration of war in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
In the case below, Judge Story, after the most
learned review of all the authorities, arrived at
the following conclusions:
1. That a nation may lawfully confiscate the
debts of her enemy during war or by way of re-
prisal, and cited Ware vs. Hylton, 3 Dallas, 399.
2. That the right of confiscation of the goods of
an aiemy found within the dominions of a bellig-
erent iPower is universally admitted, citing all the
leading writers on public law.
3. Story held that, without any act of Congress,
the mere declaration of war did, ex vi termini, au-
thorize the capture of all enemy's property where
ever, by the law of nations, it cowld be lawfully
seized, and that where no act of Congress was
made on the subject, the benefit of all such cap-
tures must inure to the use of the Government.
He adhered to this opinion in the appellate court,
ami maintained that u the right of confiscation
resulted not from the express provisions of any
statute," but " from the very state of war which
subjects the hostile property to the disposal of the
Government." "The power to declare war in-
cludes all the poweis incident to war and neces-
sary to carry Lt into effect." " He was at a loss
to perceive how the power existed to seize and
capture enemy's property which was without our
territory at the commencement of the war, and
not the power to seize that which was within it
at the same period." "Neither are expressly
given or denied; and how can either be assumed
except as an incident of war on national and pub-
lic principles?" That if the legislature did not
limit the nature of the war, all the regulations and
rights of general war attach upon it.
In the opinion of the majority ofthecouit, given
by Chief Justice Marshall, it was held—
" That, respecting the power of the Government, no doubt
was entertained.1' "That wai ffives to the sovereign full
right to take the persons and confiscate the property of the
enemy wherever found, is conceded."
But that the mere declaration of war did not, of
itself, enacf a confiscation of property within the
territory of the belligerent. That the power of
confiscating enemy's property is in the legisla-
ture, and that an act of Congress is necessary to
authorize proceedings for the condemnation of
enemy's property within the country at the com-
mencement of the war. This authority conclu-
sively settles the power of Congress to confiscate
the property of enemies in time of war, and the
necessity for the passage of an act of Congress to
authorize such condemnation.
I beer leave to read, in confirmation of these
views,'the following extract from a work on 1 he
Laws of War, by General Halleck:
"The necc^itv of self-preservation, and the right to pun-
i^i an cnemv, and to depiive imn of the means inuring
u-, bv conveVung thc.^e means to oui own useng,unM^ in,
he at the foundation of the rule, and constitute
a boHiffriient to etiemv's propeity ol any kind, and it
cult to see vvhv tins right *houUl be restricted to a particu-
lar *PCCIPS Of property, to entile. horses, monev,  hips,
goods, and not include lands and immovables, Stc.
I add, why restrict to horses or lands ll ''con-
trabands," negroes, especially if more hurtful to
us in the hands of the enemy, are more useful
under our own control? The slave States live, to
a considerable extent,on the laborof theirslaves.
Like the Jew, the traitors would be forced to ex-
claim, " you take my life when you do take from
me the means whereby I live."
The only remaining question is, is there any
difference in respect to tne power of Congress to
confiscate the property of enemies, growing out
of the fact that the enemies whose property is to
be affected are not citizens of a foreign country
which is at war with the United States, but citi-
zens of the United States who are in insurrection
against and waging war upon their own Govern-
ment?
Tii is subject received the most elaborate and
thorough examination in the case of the United
States t>s. the Bark Hiawatha, and United States
vs. Bark Octavia, and other vessels, recently de-
cided by Judge Betts in the southern district of
New York. In these cases Judge Betts held:
"That under the law of nations, the rights incident to a
war waged by a Government to subdue an insurrection or
revolt of its own subjects or citizens are the same in regard
to neutral Powers as if the hostilities wore carried on be-
tween independent nations, and apply equally m captures
ot property for municipal offenses as prize of war, citing
Rose vs. Nimely, 4 Cianch, 241-293; Appendix, 509; 7
VVheaton, 306.
"That the insurgents, so far as their own act5? can make
them, are as alien and foreign from the United States Gov-
ernment as if they assumed the names of citizens and sub-
jects of Mexico and South America.
" They thus make themselves aimed enemies, and wage
war against the United States to accomplish its dismem-
berment and destruction. It can be of no consequence
under what name or appellation these enemies unite and
act, whether as State secessionists, southerners, or slave-
holders. They are in every just contemplation of our sys-
tem o( Government insuigenis and rebels Against a com-
mon Government, and waging war for its overthiow.
" I consider the outbteak in paiticular State*, as also in
the confederate States, as an open and flagrant civil vvar
waged against the United State. That citizens of the
United States levying war again-t the United Slates are
enemies oftiie Government notwithstanding their lesidenoe
within the Union, and that the ptoperty poxses*.ed and held
by them in a state of wai, out of and against the aniliotny
ol the United Slates, heeomes thusihe piopeity of enemies
of the Government, subject to confiscation when aue-ted
at sea, and pets-on* continuing within the authoiity and
dominion of such enemies are clothed with the ebaiacter
and responsibilities of enemies because of then i evidence,
without regard to their piivate sentiments"
It is conceded that the words " arrested at sea"
were used simply with i ef'Tenee to the facts of the
eases before him. There is no dirteience in prin-
ciple between the right of confiscation of enemies
piopeity on sea or on shute. The only difference
is in respect to the adrniialty jurisdiction. This
caso establishes the position that the rebels are
public enemies ill war against this Government,
and liable to tlie same penalties, in the way of
confiscation of property, as the alien enemies of
a foreign Government with which we were in a
a state of war. (For full opinion of Judge Betts
in this case, sec New York Evening Post of Oc-
tober, 18G1.)
Civil war is called by Grotius " a mixed war,
public on the side of the established Government
and private on the part of the people resisting its
authority, and gives belligerent rights against the
rebels and other nations aiding' tlicm." (Whea-
ton's International Law, p. 4,chap. 1, sec. 7; Vat-
tel, book 3, chap. 18, sees. 292-295.)
The law, as pronounced in the above opinion
of Judge Betts, is similarly stated m the opinion
of the district court of Pennsylvania for the east-
ern district, in the case of The United States vs.
Ship General Parkhill, which was, in that case,
condemned as being the property of citizens of
Charleston, enemies of the United States; also ni
the case of The United States vs. Schooner Tropic
Wind, m the admiralty court in the District of
Columbia. These opinions in these cases review
the whole law, and arrive at the same conclusions
above stated.
The power of Congress to confiscate the prop-
erty of all persons engaged in the present insur-
rection, and to pass an act for that purpose, con-
ferring authority upon the proper tribunals of the
country lo enforce such right, may be considered
as settled. It is res adjudicate. It is based alike
upon reason and authority, and cannot now be
considered as an open question.
II. The justice and expediency of such a law.
1. If in the case of ordintuy war between for-
eign Powers, the property of alien enemies is sub-
ject to be confiscated, how much more should
that of these, who are not only enemies but rebels,
who are not as belligerents but traitors, and not
only so, but rebels and traitors to the best, mild-
est, and most benignant Government which exists
on earth'. What can be said or thought in ex-
tenuation of the crime of men who are plotting
the overthrow of the American Union and the
destruction of American liberty? The atrocious
wickedness of this rebellion is beyond all expres-
sion , and its utter want of all sufficient justification
or excuse makes it the more unparalleled in its
criminality. The annals of the world furnish no
counterpart to it. In time of profound peace and
prosperity, with no just cause of complaint, no
evils or wrongs of any kind beyond the reach of
legislation, these men have rushed this greatcoun-
try into this terrible and desolating civil war.
They arc seeking to destroy the great Republic in
which the hopes of humanity are centered. Surely
there should be no half-way measures with such
men; there should be no sympathy for such trea-
son; there should be no disposition to deal softly
in such a case. Justice demands that these rebels
and traitors to the Republic should be dealt with
as such. The citizens of the loyal States demand
that these men, while acting as rebels and traitors,
should in every possible way be made to feel the
consequences of their crimes, that they should be
made to suffer as much as possible in every way
in which it is in our power to affect them so long
as they remain in arms against us, and there is
no more potentand effective method than through
the loss of their property.
2. Not only do justice and right demand such
n measure, but it is necessary as a measure of re-
taliation. For months these people have been seiz-
ing and confiscating the property of the citizens
of the loyal States. They did so for a long pe-
riod without even any pretense of law or author-
ity of their own, and tliey have since attempted
to give to their proceedings the pretended sanction
of law by enacting in their pretended congress a
general sweepi'ffguct ofconfiscation of all the prop-
erty of citizens of the loyal States. It would be
hard, indeed, for the citizens who are loyal to the
Constitution and the Union to be compelled to
submit to the confiscation of their property by
these rebels for no other cause than because they
remain true to the Government of their fathers,
while these rebels and traitors are permitted to re-
tain all which belongs to them in the loyal States.
This is in truth a reward for treason. The trai-
tois are allowed all their own property, and also
all the spoils of that of loyal citizens found within
their reach.
In the border States, where victory and defeat
alternate, and whole sections of country are al-
ternately m possession of the contending parties,
the present system is a premium on treason. Its
effect is to throw the powerful influence of the
property interest on the side of rebellion . For if
a man in these Stales declares for the Union, and
the confederates are victorious, all he has is swept
away by them, while if he declares for the con-
fedeiates, and the Unionists succeed, his property
is entirely safe under the existing legislation. The
property of Jeff Davis himself could not lawfully
be interfered with as the law now stands, unless
it could bo made to appear that it had been used
diieotly ill aiding the rebellion.
3. Such a measure is demanded to meet^ the
wishes of the loyal American people at this time.
They demand in every quarter of the country that
these men should be dealt with as they deserve;
that they should not only be termed rebels and
traitors, but made to feel the punishment which
belongs to such crimes. The unanimous voice of
the country demands such a measure, and it will
be hailed in every section with entire approval.
4. No measure would give to the country more^
satisfactory assurance that the Government was
in earnest in its design to suppress this rebellion.
It would evince the firm, determined spirit which
the people expect and demand.
Mr. Speaker, I have seen with regret that there
is a party in the country seeking to divide the
North; a party which is the especial guardian and
protcctor of slavery; a party tliat is industriously
sowing the seeds of discord and division, seeking
to create distrust of their Government in the minds
of the people; men who exaggerate and magnify
the frauds and corruptions of subordinates, and
