1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
profitable, Unless it shall receive a new impulse
from the source from which it first derived its
strength. Noijr, sir, I do not believe that the land
donated by the bill reported by the committee,
with the bonds to be issued, will construct this
road. I do not believe that $16,000 a mile on a
portion, |32,000a mile on one half of the road, and
$48,000 a mile tin ii small portion of it, will con-
struct the road through from east to west, taking
into vieW all the difficulties of the route. The
lands, it will be understood, are only of a nominal
value in the central region of the country, a por-
tion hardly of value at all. They will be, there-
fore, with the exception of lands nearest to the
termini, unsaleable for any purpose of construct-
ing this road,and unless, therefore, there be some
sufficient guarantee by the provisions of the bill
that there will be an entire completion of all that
the bill stipulates on the part of proposed grantees,
it will be admitted by all that we should not be
justified in placing the funds and property of the
Government at their disposal. If the bills, cither
of them, do provide for this assurance, this guar-
antee, I shall give to it my vote.
There are two bills before the House, as I un-
derstand—one the report of the committee, and the
other a substitute moved by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] 1 am willing to aid in
perfecting both the bill and the substitute; and
after they shall have been perfected as the friends
of each may desire, or as the House shall determ-
ine, 1 shall, of course, give my support to the one
which, in my judgment, will be most likely to
lead to the certain accomplishment of the great
object in view.
Renewing, then, in conclusion the expression
of an earnest desire that the wishes of our friends
from the Pacific coast for improved facilities of
intercommunication with the earlier settled sec-
tions of the country may be fully realized at no
distant day, I relieve the committee from any fur-
ther participation by me in this discussion.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman is very non-
committal. Is he in favor of any bill for the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad? I would like to
understand the gentleman's position exactly on
this ground.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will answer the gentle-
man very frankly. I am in favor of a Pacific i ail-
road bill, and in favor of Government aid in con-
structing a Pacific railroad under any proper bill.
I ro.se, however, to state the general principles by
which I shall be governed upon the general sub-
ject, rather than to indicate my action upon these
particular bills. This I may indicate when the
bills shall be eonsfdered in their details.
'Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to go into a
discussion of the general subject involved in this
.measure, and I shall occupy the attention of the
committee but a few minutes in suggesting some
of the objections which 1 have to this bill, and in
bringing before the committee some of the amend-
ments which I propose t« offer.
I need not say that I am in favor of the con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific ocean, for the
unanimity among my constituents in that regard
would compel me to favor a measure of that kind
even though it might run counter to my own judg-
ment in some respects. I desire, sir, sincerely
desire, the accomplishment of this great work at
as early a day as practicable, and because of this
desire, I shall endeavor to place this bill in such
a shape by amendments us will secure its object,
and at the same time remedy its objectionable
features.
Wo were told a few days since by the chairman
of the special committee, [Mr. Campbell,] who
reported this bill, that it was substantially the
Curtis bill. Since that announcement was made
by the chairman of the committee, I have been dil-
ligcntly studying this bill in connection with the
Curtis bill, to discover the similarity existing
between the two. Thus far, I have not been able
to make the discovery.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message from
the Senate by Mr. Forxey, its Secretary, an-
nounced that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 77) for the relief of the officers,
non-commissioned officers, and privates of the
battalion of marines on board the transport Gov-
ernor on the 3d of November, 1861; and a bill (S.
No. 271) prescribing the qualifications of electors
ill the cities of Washington and Georgetown in
the District of Columbia; in both of which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session, and proceeded
again to the consideration of the
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. WILSON. The first section of the Cur-
tis bill, as it is called, provided—
"That to insure the safe,certain, and speedy transportation
of mails, troops, and public stores from the western border
of what is called our western States, by railroad, to wit:
starting from two points, one on the western bolder of the -
Slate of Missouri, and the other un the western border of
iowa, with two converging lines beaiing westward and
uniting with in two handled mile>-of the Missouri river, and
thence proceeding by a single trunk line, by the nearest and
best route arid by the vicinity of Gieat Salt Lake, to the
city of San Francisco, or to the navigable wuteis of the
Sacramento," &.c.
Now, sir, that bill does not determine or place
it in the power of one corporation, whose organ-
ization was contemplated by it, to determine where
the eastern terminus of the main trunk of the
Pacific road shall be. It leaves the location of
the road open to the competition of the several
rival routes, though its friends believed the Platte
valley route would bo selected. It does not pro-
vide a barrioragainstthe construction of either of
the branches embraced in the section. It presents
merely a scheme by which a railroad to the Pacific
ocean, with the two branches mentioned, may be
constructed. The bill reported by the committee—
and the section to which I shall refer is retained
in the substitute—provides, in the eighth section,
that
" The line of said railroad and telegraph shall commcitce
on the western bminuaiy cl'lCan^a-, or at the one hundred
and second meridian of longitude west liom Greenwich, at
the termination of the Leaven woith, Pawnee, and West-
ern lailtoad and telesriupli line, as hutcin provided,to meet
and connect therewith as heiem provided ; thence running
wcstoily, upon the mo-t direct, central, and practicable
route, through the Teimorios of the United States, to the
eastern boundary ot the Teiritoiy of Nevada, theic to meet
and connect with Hie Nevada railroad line across the Ter-
ritory ol Nevada."
Now, sir, so faras the point at which the main
trunk shall start is concerned, it is placed entirely
within the control of the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Ilaihoad Company, oigamzed in the
State of Kansas, or rather, I think, under a ter-
ritorial act of Kansas before it was admitted as a
State; and in this connection, inasmuch as this
power is placed in the hands'of that company, I
desire to receive some information, and to have it
imparted to the House by the chairman of the
committee, m relation to the powers conferred
upon the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western
Railroad Company by the charter which it re-
ceived from the territorial government of Kansas.
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
he can inform the committee what powers are con-
ferred upon that corporation, where it is required
to commence theroad, by what points it shall run,
and at what point upon the western border of
Kansas it shall terminate ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I consider the gentleman's
inquiry entirely apart from the question before
the committee; but I will, to the best of my
knowledge on the subject, answer it. The com-
mittee were satisfied, from information derived
from the Representative of Kansas, [Mr. Con-
way,] who, unfortunately, js very ill and unable
to be here to-day, that this company was a sub-
stantive valid company, with corporate capacity
sufficient to go on and construct the road through
Kansas. As we were notadopting any route fixed
by that company, and had nothing to do with any
local route fixed in their charter, of course we did
not pursue the inquiry any further than to ascer-
tain that there was such a corporation, with ability
to go on and construct this road. We do not adopt
any route which the State of Kansas may have
fixed in the chartcr of that company. We fix
the starting point, and then authorize them to go
on, by the nearest, most direct, and practicable
route, to construct this partorf the Pacific railroad.
Having nothing to do with the road they were
authorized to construct in their charter, we made
no such inquiry.
Mr. WILSON. It is evident from the gentle-
man's answer that the committee, before they de-
termined to place this power in the hands of the
Kansas company, did not examine the charter of
the company, and we are asked to support a bill
placipg this extraordinary power in the hands of
a company of which we know nothing, and of
whose powers we have no information; nor have
we any knowledge that the company at the pres-
ent time is a solvent one,oii that it has taken any
steps to carry out its organization.
Now, sir, I say that so far as this bill is con-
cerned, this Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western
Railroad Company is the pivot upon which the
whole system of the bill turns. The gentleman
says that they have not provided by this bill that
this company shall have power to determine the
starting point for the road to be constructed by
the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I made no reference to the
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman misapprehends
me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman made is-
sue with the committee that this bill is dissim-
ilar to the Curtis bill. The Curtis bill fixed one
of the branches on the western border of Mis-
souri, and the other upon the weste£|jk%)rder of
Iowa; and it provided that the road shoulcl be con-
structed by the nearest, most direct, and practi- :
cable route *,o San Francisco or the navigable
waters of the Sacramento. Now, I call the gen-
tleman's attention to the fact that the only differ-
ence between this bill and the Curtis bill is, that
we fix on the point on the western border of Mis-
souri, to wit: Kansas City; but do not fix upon
the point in Iowa; and then we adopt the language
of the Curtis bill, that the road shall be constructed
on the nearest, most direct, and practicable route
to San Francisco or the navigable waters of the
Sacramento; and the Kansas company cannot
change that direction or location.
Mr. WILSON. The Kansas Company will
not change the direction or location of that road,
provided the western terminus of the Kansas Com-
pany is fixed by their charter;but then their«-harter
would determine it. But I say that this bill places
it in the power of that Kansas Company to de-
termine the point at which the Union Pacific rail-
road shall start, and I may say here, in illustra-
tion of that point, that i have diligently studied
this bill, and it has required the preparation of
twelve or thirteen amendments, applying to the
different sections of the bill, to root the contract
of the Kansas Company out of the bill. It runs
through the whole system. They have tied up
the power of determining the point at which the
main trunk shall commence in the hands of this
Kansas Company. I am not mistaken in this,
and to show that I am not, I will again refer to
the section which I have already quoted, and
which relates to the main line, the line of road to
be constructed by the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. The eighth section provides that" the line
of said railroad and telegraph shall commence on
the western border of Kansas, at or near the one
hundred and second meridian of longitude west of
Greenwich, at the termination of the Leaven-
worth, pawnee, and Western railroad and tele-
graph line, as herein provided."
Now, sir, it is at the termination of that rail- •
road that the main trunk is to commence, and
wherever that road may terminate—it having to
be constructed before they commence the con-
struction of the main trunk—there will commence
the main trunk provided for in this bill. A pio-
vision of that kind utterly shuts out from compe-
tition for the location of the main trunk the great
Platte valley route.
Again, sir, suppose that the Leaven worth, Paw-
nee, and Western Railroad Company should con-
struct their road so as to strike the western bound-
ary of Kansas midway between the northern and
southern boundaries of the State, where is the
main trunk to commence? If they should select
the central or the Kansas and Colorado route, they
not only thereby determine the route of the mam
trunk, but by that selection determine that the Iowa
branch i*oad shall not be constructed at all; for the
Iowa branch'could not make a connection in the
distance limited by this bill. ]f, on the contrary,
you provide that the branches shall come together
at a point in the Platte valley, you render the con-
struction of both branches practicable, because the
Iowa branch may pursue the route of the valley
of the Platte river, and the Missouri branch can
pursue the valleys of other streams running from
northwest to southeast, and emptying into the
Missouri river on the borders of Missouri. But
