r "j
1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
the
M
if the pian of this bill is to be carried out, you
defeat the Iowa branch, as before stated, and the
committee would there place such a barrier in the
way of tiie Iowa branch that it would never be
constructed; and 1 wish to call the attention of
the committee to the fourteenth section of (he bill
reported by the select committee, and which is
also retained in the substitute. It is as follows:
" That the Dubuque and Sioux City Railroad Company,
e Cedar Rapid- and Mi-sotm Railroad Company, the
iss-i-ssippi and Missouri Railroad Company, and the Bur-
lington and Missoui i Iladtoad Companies! of Iowa, or such
of them a- may associate thcm eivt's togetherio) lliat pur-
po-e. are lieieby authorized to construct a single lino of
laiiioad and telegraph from a common point to be agreed
upon by said companies or any oi them, horn a point in
Hie Stale oi Iowa not I'ui ther c.iU than a line extending due
nott!i (join Kan; i- Cit>, w e-tei ly, not to e\cecd ihiee bun-
dled miles in length, ami a- much les* as may be jound
piacticable, to a connection witil the line of the sud Kansas
Company, upon the >«une term* and conditions! in all re-
spect- as aie contained in tin- act fot the con-tiuction ot
s>aid nuiioad and teiegiapli line first mentioned.'1
It provides further that each of said companies
shall file their acceptance of the conditions of this
act in the Depaitment of the Inteiior within six
months after the passages of this act; a failme to
do so on the pait of one would depiive the re-
maining companies of the power to construct the
bivui'-h, rvcii though they might be able ti> ag-tee
on some common point. A mere statement of
the lines of the Iowa railroad companies will show
that it is impossible for them ever to agree on a
common point from whence t j commence the con-
struction of the Iowa branch. The route of the
Burlington and Missouii River Railroad Company
posses through the second tier of counties from
the southern border of the State. The Mississippi
and Missouri road pusses tin ougii a portion of the
third andt'omlh tiers of counties. The Cedar
Rapids and Alissouu road passes through the fifth
tier of countiifs from the southern Ime of the State;
and the Dubuque and Sioux City through the
sixth. All are required, by their land grants, to
commence at certain points on the Mississippi
river, and to have their termini at certain points
on the Missouri river. The companies cannot
change their routes without a loss of their land
giants, and without a violation of their ehai Lets.
They cannot, therefore, unite on a common point
on (he Missouri river.
Then again, sir, this section does not provide
that the Iowa branch shall form a connection with
the mam trunk; but it provides that the connec-
tion shall be formed with the Leavenworth, Paw-
nee, and Western railroad line, thereby putting
it within the power of that company to fix the
conditions on which the Iowa branch may connect
with it. Therefore the Iowa branch may, under
the regulations that may be established by the
Kansas Company, be almost entirely excluded
from the benefits which should arise from a con-
nection with it.
Now, Mr, Chairman, I am not merely repre-
senting Iowa interests when I claim that this bill
shall bechanced in ('lose several features, but I
am representing the interests of all those great lines
of rail road leading from the Northeast, through the
middle and western States, to the western bound-
ary of Iowa. All these lines will, by Iowa being
deprived of this branch road, be deprived oftheir
connection with the main trunk proposed to be
constructed by the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. To remedy this evil I shall, at the proper
time, propose an amendment, which I hope may
be acceptable even to thocomniittee which reported
this bill, i will piopose it as a substitute for the
fourteenth section, which congregates together all
these conflicting raihoad mteiests m the State of
Iowa. It is as follows:
Strike out all aftei the vvoid " enacted" in the first line
of the luurteentli taction, and in-eit as follows:
That the-aid Union Pacific ilailioad C< mp.my are hereby
authorize d toeon-tiuct,isingle line of uulioud and teJegi.ipii
hom a point on the we-iem boundary ot' the StJte of Iowa,
westerly, upon the mostdtiectand piacticable loute. so to
form ^connection with tin; hue of the >.aid Kansas Company,
at some point not mon: than two hundred and fjfij miles
liom tiie point ot commencement on the vve-tern bouudaty
ot'the Stale of Iowa, upon tie1 tamo tcuns and condition's
in all re-pecu a- ate contained In thi<> net t'oi the construc-
tion of said railioad andtelegraph liuetirstmcnrioned; and
said Union .Pacific Kaihoad Company shall complete one
bundled miles of the toad in tin-, section mentioned, within
two vTiis after tiling their absent to the condition- of this
aet, a- by tire terms of tins aet provided, and at the rate of
one hundred mile's per \ ear thermal cer, until the whole in-
completed • Prowled, That a failure upon the part of said
company to perfoun the obligations imposed on it by this
section, thai! forfeit to the Government ot the United States
all of the rights, piivileges, and franchises granted to and
conferred upon said company by this act.
The idea is simply to confer on the company
that is to be required to build the main trunk of
the Pacific road, the power to build the Iowa
branch, and to require us completion at the hands
of that company. The other branch will doubt-
less be constructed, because it is the pivotal point
on which this whole system depends. I ask, then,
that the great interests connected with the Iowa
branch shall be so far protected that the people in
that State, and all others connected with them by
interest, may participate m the benefits of this great
improvement.
I may here suggest another amendment which
I understand will be offered by another gentleman,
and to which I give my assent. I would even
prefer it to my own. It is to provide by this bill
for the construction of one great line of railway,
commencing at Fort Kearney and running through
to the Pacific ocean, and also providing for three
brandies, one from the western boundary of Mis-
souri, one from Iowa, and one from a point north.
Let the amount of bonds to be issued to these
branches be less per mile than is provided for in
this bill, so that the aggregate amount for the three
branches shall not be more than the aggregate
amount provided for the t\yo branches, as the bill
now stands. With that I shall be perfectly sat-
isfied. I do not want to shut out the Interests of
Missouri, nor the interests of the great railway
lines connecting Missouri with the East. This
improvement is one of not merely local interest,
but of a common national importance, and our
legislation should preserve this national feature,
by providing with some degree of fairness for all
the great interests connected therewith.
There is one other suggestion m regard to this
bill which I desire to make. It is in reference to
the coipoiation foimed by the first section of this
bill. Under that section corpoiate powers aie
confericd on certain parties, as follows:
" And the -aid p< r-on-, then ii'-oeiate?, sucre—ois, and
a— 12ns 01 such of them a- accept under tin- act the terms
tlieieot, tor that purpo-e, aie heirby made and constituted
a body coipoiate, by the name anil st\)e ot 'The Union
Pacific Raiitoad (.'ompain,' In which name they may ac-
qune, hold, and eon\eyieal e-tate and other propeit)", sue
and be sued,.have a common seal, elect the neces>aiy offi-
cers, make such by-jaws, rules, and i emulations as may he
required for then government, in eonioimity with thi-aet,
and generally to do all and singular the matteis and things
necessary and lawful to be done to cany out the piovisions
thereof."  
That provision constitutes this a close corpora-
tion. It excludes from participation in its bene-
fits all except those who are named in the^ection,
and those who may so far leceive the favor of the
corporation narfied as to be admitted, with their
assent, into the corporation. I prefer to have this
left open. I piefer, and would so provide, that
books should be opened and kept open for a cer-
tain length of time m the several States having
corporators named in the bill, in order that all
citizens who may desire to invest 111 the entei prise
may have an opportunity of doing so. In addi-
tion to that, I would prefer that the subscriptions
which persons may make to the capital stock of
the company within a limited time should be con-
fined within a certain amount to each person, in
older that these corporators and the friends whom
they may choose to associate with them may not
have the privilege of subscribing the whole amount
of the capital stock, and thus preserve the close
character of the corporation. If the wholeamount
shall not have been subscribed at the expiration
of the time limited, then I would permit tiie cor-
porators or others to subscribe m unlimited sums
the remainder of the capital stock. I think that
section of the bill should be amended in that form.
If this bill shall pass, there will be conferred
upon this corporation an immense power, and it
will be not only a commercial power but a polit-
ical power 111 this Government. The amount in
lands and bonds that wr propose to donate to this
corporation—for it really amounts to that—for the
purpose of enabling them to build this road, will j
give it immense importance and power. And for |
tiie purpose' of holding a moic decided check upon {
the organization, I would amend the last section I
of the bill so as to retain in Congress the reserved j
nght to repeal this act, and take away from the j
company all the rights, privileges, and franchises j
hereby conferred. I think that is a check which !
should be retained- by the Government upon a j
corporation flf this magnitude. It is our duty to ;
guard the people against any such concentration
of power as a corporation of this magnitude would
possess uncontrolled by any check of the law-
making power upon them.
Now, sir, I have indicated the various amend-
ments that I think ought to be made to this bill
I do not desire to interfere with the main objects
of the bill. \ do not desire to break up the sys-
tem proposed by the committee. I only desire
that the bill shall be so perfected as that the pub-
lic welfare shall be protected, and the interests of
all guarded against encroachment by the corpora-
tion upon which we propose to confer so magnif-
icent an endowment. 1 think the amendments I
have indicated will accomplish that object.
Mr. WATTS. The world does not produce
and never has produced such a nation as the
American nation. But in all its power and in all
its beauty, in all its 1 ichnessand blessings, it has
one little defect. And thatdefect is too much talk
and too little action. [Laughter.]
Now, we have been talking abouta Pacific rail-
road for the last ten years, and we have spgnt a
sufficient time in fighting over the interests of this
locality and that locality, over this route and that
route and the other route, we have talked of all these
various details long enough to have built a Pacific
railroad, if we had only spent as much energy in
action as we have in talk. Now, if we wait until
all the debate that would awse upon a measure of
this kind is concluded we shall never commence
the work.
Mr. EpWARDS. I would like to know
whether the gentleman from New Mexico is
willing to be responsible for his share of talking?
Mr. WATTS. Entirely so; and my record
will not compare unfavorably with that of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, so far as the con-
sumption of the time of the House is concerned.
And while I am upon this particular branch of the
subject, let me say a word to the distinguished
and eloquent gentleman from New Hampshire,
who has just taken his seat. I have listened to
him upon all occasions with great pleasure, and
particularly to-day, to what he said upon the sub-
ject of a Pacific railroad. I am glad to see that
the gentleman begins fairly to appreciate that there
is another section of country than that from which
he immediately comes, and' other interests in the
country than those which he peculiarly represents.
I am glad he begins to appreciate the fact that
there is a great West and a great Northwest,
which in two years will come into these flails,
not only asserting her rights, but with the ability
to enfoice them. She will then have no need to
appeal to the generosity of any man for justice.
That great West which the gentleman talks
about has now a population represented on this
floor of three hundred thousand more than all the
other sections of the country that are here repre-
sented. And, sir, the great West does not come
here to complain that thirty, fifty, or sixty mil-
lions of dollars aie voted here, week by week, for
the protection of the great commercial and other
interests of the East; but she asks that s'ome little
measure of justice may at the same time be meted
out to her when she asks that a measure shall be
adopted that shall develop not only hcr's but the
best interests of the great American public. And
we believe that at the hands of our eastern friends
the bill will have justice. We believe that it is
in their hearts, that it is in their bosoms, to ex-
tend to us that justice which we deserve and which
is our due. When we look at the record of the
past, wc arCdisposcd only to remember their acts
of kindness and generosity, rather than acts of in-
justice and wrong, and we believe they will not
fail us now.
Now, sir, so far as the Territory from which I
come and "many of the other Territories are con-
ccrned, we aie dependent upon the East, and we
shall be more so as the facilities of communica-
tion increase, for many of our necessities of life.
Every shoe in New Mexico comes fiom Boston,
every article of dry goods comes from Philadel-
phia or New York, and our groceries come from
Missouri.
Is it, then, any objection, is it any loss to the
people of the East that wc have a safe and speedy
communication between the buyer and the seller?
On the contrary, is u not a great advantage?
Let me now come to another point in connec-
tion with this subject. Look at the Mississippi
1 her. Is there any member of this House who>
