1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation and Liberation—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Eeps.
ligerent States must again be united as one and
inseparable, with secession forever kid low, the
national supremacy vindicated, and the old flag
waving over every State and every rood of the
Republic,then I agree to the proposition. Every
true Union man will say amen to it. But if, by
the Union as it was, we are to understand the
Union as we beheld it under the thieving Democ-
racy of the last Administration, with such men
as Davis, Floyd, Mason, and their God-forsaken
confederates, restored to their places in Congress,
in the Army,and in the Cabinet; if it means that
the reign of terror which prevailed in the south-
ern States for years prior to this rebellion shall be
reestablished, by which unoffending; citizens of
the free States can only enter "the sacred soil"of
slavery at the peril of life; if, by the Union as it
was, be meant the Union as it was with another
James Buchanan as its king, and Chief Justice
Taney as its anointed high priest, steadily grav-
itating, by the weight of its own rottenness, into
the frightful vortex of civil war; then I am not
for the Union as it was, but as I believe it will be
when this lebelhon shall have worked out its prov-
idential lesson. I confess that I look rather to
the future than the past; bat if. I must cast my
eye backward, I shall select the early Adminis-
trations of the Government, when the chains of
the slave were crumbling from 1ns limbs, and be-
fore the Constitution of 1789 had been mutilated
by the servjle Democracy of a later generation.
Mr. Speaker, this clamor for the Union as it
was comes from men who believe in the divinity
of slavery. It comes from those who would re-
store slavery m this District if they dared; who
would put back the chains upon every slave made
free by our Army; who would completely reestab-
lish the slave power over the national Government
as in the evil days of the past, which have culmin-
ated at last in the present bloody strife, and who
are now exhorting us to " leave off agitating the
negro question, and attend to the work of putting
down the rebellion.1' Sir, the people of the loyal
States understand this question. They know that
slavery lies at the bottom of all our troubles. They
know that but for this cuise this horrid revolt
against liberty and law would not have occurred.
They know that all the unutterable agonies of our
many battle-fields, all the terrible sonows which
rend so many thousands of loving hearts, all the
ravages and desolation of this stupendous conflict,
are to bo charged to slavery. They know that its
barbarism has molded the leaders of this rebel-
lion into the most atrocious scoundrels of the nine-
teenth century,'or of any century or age of the
world. They know tha't it gives arsenic to our
soldiers, mocks at the agonies of wounded ene-
mies, fires on defenseless women and children,
plants torpedoes and infernal machinesin its path,
boils the dead bodies of our soldiers in cauldrons,
so that it may make drinking cups of their skulls,
spurs of their jaw bones, and finger joints as holi-
day presents for " the first families of Virginia"
ana the " descendants of the daughter of Poca-
hontas." They know that it has ongmated whole
broods of crimes never enacted in all the ages of
the past, and that, were it possible, Satan himself
would now be ashamed of his achievements, and
seek a change of occupation. They know that it
hatches into life under its infernal incubation the
very scum of all the vallainies and abominations
that ever defied God or cursed his footstool. And
they know that it is just as impossible for them
to pass through the fiery trials of this war without
feeling that slavery is their grand antagonist, as it
is for a man to hold his breath and live.
Sir, the loyal people of these States will not only
think about slavery, and talk about it, during the
progress of this war, but they will seek earnestly
to use the present opportunity to get rid of it for-
ever. Nothing can possibly sanctify the trials
and sufferings through which we are called to pass
but the permanent establishment of liberty and
peace. If this is not a war of ideas, it is not a
war to be defended. As a mere struggle for po-
litical power between opposing States, or a mere
question of physical strength or courage, it be-
comes impious in the light of its horrid baptism
of fire and blood. It would rank with the senseless
and purposeless wars between the despotisms of
the Old World, bringing with it nothing of good
for freedom or the race. What I said on this floor
in January last, I repeat here now, that the mere
suppression of this rebellion will be an empty
mockery ofour suffenngsand sacrifices, if slavery
shall be spared to canker the heart of the nation
anew, and repeat its diabolical deeds. Sir, the
people of the United States and the armies of the
United States are not the unreasoning machines
of arbitrary power, but the intelligent champions
of free institutions, voluntarily espousing the side
of the Union upon principle. They know, as
does the civilized world, that the rebels are fight-
ing to diffuse and eternize slavery, and that that
purpose must be met by a manly and conscientious
lesistance. They feel that
" Thrice is lie aimed who liatli his quarrel juM !"
and that nothing can "Ennoble fights" but a
" noble cause." Mr. Speaker, I can conceive of
nothing more monstrously absurd, or more fla-
grantly recreant, than the idea of conducting this
war against a slaveholders' rebellion as if slavery
had no existence. The madness of such a policy
strikes me as next to infinite. Here are more than
a million of men called into deadly strife by the
struggle of this black power to diffuse itself over
the continent, and strike down the cause of free
government everywhere, deluging these other-
wise happy States with suffering and death with-
out pajallot in the history of the world; and yet
so far has this power perverted the judgmentand
debauched the conscience of the countiy^that we
are seriously exhorted to make still greater sac-
rifices, in order to placate its spirit and spare its
life. I thank God that such a policy is simply
impossible. The hearts of the people of the free
States, and of the soldiers we have sent into the
field, beat for liberty; and without their love of
liberty, and the belief that it is now in deadly peril,
the rebellion would have triumphed, just as the
sti uggle of our fathers, in 177G, would have ended
in failure, if it had been possible lo make them
ignore the great question of human rights which
nerved their arms and fired their hearts.
My colleague, [Mr. Voojuiees,] in his speech
the other day, was quite eloquent in his condem-
nation of the financial management of this war,
and quite painstaking in his effort to show the
magnitude of the debt it is creating. lie would
,do well to remember that when Mr. Chase took
charge of the Treasury, the Government could
only boirow money by paying one per cent, per
month, while United States six per cent, bonds
are now at two per cent, premium over American
gold. As to the immense burden which this war
is heaping upon us, it has been chiefly caused by
the mistaken policy of tenderness towards the
rebels, and immunity for their pet institution; and
this policy has been steadily and strenuously urged
by my colleague and his Democratic associates.
It has been far less the fault of the Administration
than of some of our commanding generals, and of
conservative gentlemen in both Houses of Con-
gress, who have sought by every means in their
power to accommodate the war policy of the Gov-
ernment to the equivocal loyalty of the border
States. Many precious lives and many millions
of money were sacuficed by the military policy
which neither allowed the aimy of the Potomac
to march against the enemy nor go into winter
quartersdurmg the dreary months which preceded
the order of the President directing a combined
movement on the 22d of February last. The
policy of delay, which has also sought to spare
slavery, was never accepted by the President of
his own choice, but under the influence of those
both in and out of the Army in whom he reposed
confidence at the time.
I rejoice now to find events all drifting in a dif-
ferent direction. I believe rebels and outlaws are
to be dealt with according to their character. 1
trust slavery is not much longer to be spared.
Congress has already sanctioned the policy ofgrad-
ual abolition, as recommended by the President,
who himself recognizes slavery as the grand ob-
stacle to peace. We have abolished slavery in
this District, and thus branded it with national rep-
robation. We have piohibited it in all national
territory now owned or hereafter to be acquired.
We have enacted a new article of war, prohibit-
ing our Army from aiding in the recapture of fu-
gitives, and 1 trust we shall promptly repeal the
fugitive slave law of 1850, or at least suspend its
operation during the rebellion. We have given
freedom to multitudes of slaves through our con-
fiscation act of last July, and by receiving them
into our camps and retaining them in ourservice.
We have enacted the homestead bill, which at
once recognizes the inalienable rights of the peo-
ple and the dignity of labor, and thus brands the
slave power as no act of the nation ever did be-
fore. Since that power has ceased to dominate in
Congress we are perfecting and shall soon pass a
bill for the construction of a Pacific railroad, and
another for the abolition of polygamy in Utah.
Our watchwords arc now—freedom, progress.
Those patriotic gentlemen who have been anx-
ious to hang il abolitionists," as equally guilty
with the rebels, are changing their tune. We are
reconsidering the folly of dealing with rebels as
misguided biethrcn," who must not be exas-
perated, and while we shall not imitate their bar-
barities, we arc learning to apply to their case the
gospel of "an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a
tooth." We are waging war in earnest; we are
beginning to love freedom almost as dearly.as the
rebels love slavery; we arc animated by a meas-
ure of that resentment which the rebellion de-
manded in the very beginning, and has constantly
invoked during the progress of the war; and when
these troubles are passed the people will honor
most those who have sought to crush the rebellion
by the quickest and most desperate blows, and
who, in the languageofGovernor A ndre\v,of Mas-
sachusetts, have been willing to " recognize all
men, even black men, as legally capable of that
loyalty the blacks are waiting to manifest, and
lot them fight with God and nature on thcirside."
The proclamation of General Fremont, giving
fieedom to the slaves of lebels in Missouri, has
done more to make his name a household word
than could .ill the militai y glory of the war; and
I rejoice that, while the Piesidentsaw fit to revoke
the leeent sweeping older of Geneial Hunter, he
took pains to couple that, revocation with words
of earnest warning, which have neither meaning
nor application, if they do not recognize the au-
thority of the Executive, m his military discre-
tion, to give freedom to the slaves. That this
authority will be executed, at no very distantmo-
ment, I believe most firmly. The language of the
President obviously implies it, and foreshadows
it among the thick-coming events of the future.
Conservativesand cowards may recoil from it, and
seek to postpone it, but to resist it, unless Con-
giess shall assume it, will be to wrestle with des-
tiny.
Mr. Speaker, I shall support the two measures
of confiscation and liberation now before us, for
the same reason which led me to support the con-
fiscation bill of last July. They look in the right
direction, and I am glad to sec any advancc step
taken by Congress. But I shall retain, at any
rate, my faith in the President, and in that logic
of events which shows, amid all the seeming tri-
umphs of slavery, that the anti-slavery idea has
been steadily and suiely marching towards its
triumph. The victories of slavery, in fact, have
been its defeats. It triumphed in the Missouri
rompiomise of 1820; but that triumph, by beget-
ting new exactions, kindled and diffused an un-
slumbering anti-slavery sentiment, which kept
pace with every usurpation of its foe. It triumphed
in the annexation of Texas; but this, by paving
the way for the Mexican war, more fully dis-
played its spirit of rapacity, and led to an organ-
ized political action against it, which finally se-
cured thecontrol of the Government. It triumphed
in 1850, in the passage of the fugitive slave act, the
Texas boundaiy bill, the ovui throw of the Wil-
mot proviso, and the inauguration of the policy
of popular sovereignty in our Territories, wluek
afterwards brought forth such bloody fruits in
Kansas; but these measures, instead of glutting
the demands of slavery, only whetted its appetite,
and brought upon it the roused and intensified
hostility of the people. It triumphed in the repeal
ofthe Missouri restriction; but this was, peihapsr,
the most signal defeat in the whole histoiy of its
career of aggression and lawlessness, completely
unmasking its real character and designs, and ap-
pealing to both conservativesand radicals to com-
bine against it. It triumphed again in the Dred
Scott decision and the election of James Buch-
anan as President; but this only enabled slave-
breeding Democracy to grow to its full stature,
