1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ments now in the field were organized under the
act of Congress. It is the law of the last session.
It authorized the Governors to appoint in certain
cases, and where the Governors refused or neg-
lected to appoint, the power of appointment was
conferred upon the Presidentof the United States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no difficulty
about this matter. If we had. the power to pass
the law of Jast session, we certainly have the
power to pass this provision.
Mr. WA DS WORTH. I will call the attention
of the gentleman to the language of the Consti-
tution, which itself directs that this right of ap-
pointment shall be reserved.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand the lan-
guage of the Constitution. The argument of the
gentleman from Kentucky would have been good
against tiie bill of July last.
Mr. HOLMAN. And would it not be good
against the passage of a law now?
Mr. RICHARDSON. If you had power to
go inside of a State and override her law as to
who should appoint, you would have the right to
take the power of appointment away from the
States, and confer it upon the President of the
United States.
Mr. BLAlll, of Missouri. I move the previous
question upon the section.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope that motion will be
voted down.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I appeal to
the gentleman to withdraw the call.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. The mis-
understanding in this case between different gen-
tlemen who have discussed this matter, arises
from the fact that they do not distinguish between
these volunteer foices and the militia. The vol-
unteer force provided for in this bill is, m no sense
of the term, a militia force. It is a force raised
under that provision of the Constitution which
authorizes Congress to provide for the raising
and supporting of armies, and not under that pro-
vision of the Constitution which authorizes Con-
gress to organize, arm, and discipline the militia.
There is no one thing in which the militia and
this force are alike. This is not enrolled; it is
not drafted; it is not officered by the Governors
of the different States, and called into the service
of the United States by requisition of the Presi-
dent, as a part of the militia of the State. The
seventy-five thousand fir&tcalled into service were
the militia. This volunteer force is organized
under the act of Congress of July last, which pro-
vides that the Governors of tin* States shall or
may—no matter which—commission certain of
the officers; and if they are commissioned, it is by
virtue of that act of Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. The language of the Consti-
tution is this:
Such part of them [the militia] as m;iy be employed
in the s-eivice of the Unite! States. ie eiv ng to the States,
respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the au-
thority of tiaintus the imiitia according to the discipline
piesciibed byCongiess."
The whole context is, that Congress shall have
power—
" To provide for organizing:, arming, and disciplining the
nuktm, and lor sovcimn^ such pait of them a? may he ein-
plo\ cd in the service of the United .States, resolving to the
States, lesspectivrly, the appomtmentof the ofiiceis, and the
audiontv <>f naming the militia aeeoiduig to the discipline
presciibed by Congiess."
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. That is the
very distinction I am making.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, are not these forces,
called into the service of the United States as they
have been, the militia?
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. Certainly not.
The fust seventy-five thousand men called out,
were called out as the militia of the States. They
were organized m a State, or ought to have been.
They were according to the theory of the old
militia act, passed in accordance with the Con-
stitution. Their officers were all appointed in
the different States, or ought to have been. But
not so with these forces. I ask the gentleman
from Indiana in whnt single circumstance the
regular Army of the United States differs from
these volunteer forces ? The Army of the United
States are either militia or the regular Army.
The volunteer force is a part of the regular Army;
only they are enlisted for a shorter period than
the regular Army. It is organized under the
same provision of the Constitution under which
the regular Army of the United States is organ-
ized, and the only difference is that Congress
makes provision for a different term of service.
If the gentleman will look back to our legislation
during our war with Mexico, he will find a sim-
ilar act to that of July last was passed, only
stronger in its terms, and under which all' the
volunteers in that war were enlisted, and which
volunteers this House repeatedly and again de-
cided not to be a militia force, but a part of the
Army of the United States. If that is the case,
the President of the United States now has the
power, under the Constitution, to appoint officers,
and the Governors of the States have no power
except what you confer upon them by an act of
Congress.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the special order now comes up. It is
the consideration of the Senate bill (No. 89) to
amend the act of the 3d of March, 1837, entitled
" An act supplementary to the act entitled i An
act to amend the judicial system of the United
States." " Upon tins bill the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa to give way for a moment, in order
that. I may make a request of the House upon this
subject.
Mr. "WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will not this busi-
ness come up the first thing to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BLA IR,of Missouri. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to set aside to-morrow for
the consideration of bills from the Military Com-
mittee.
Mr. ELIOT. After the morning hour.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that when the special as-
signment of the business of the DistrictofColum-
bia Committee was made for to-day, it was upon
the supposition that there was no other special
order for to-day. It turns out, upon examination,
that there is another special order which takes pre-
cedence of the business which relates to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I have no objection to the busi-
ness suggested by the chairman of the Military
Committee coming in afterthe business of the Dis-
trictof Columbia Committee is disposed of. But
if the special order of to-day, which takes prece-
dence of business of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall entirely displace that busi-
inessfor to-day, it will be neccssary that that busi-
ness shall go over until to-monow, and that would
interfere with the proposition of the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri Then I ask unan-
imous consent that Friday be set apart for the
business from the Committee on Military Affairs.
There being no objection, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. DELANO. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow the special order in
reference the Districtof Columbia business to ex-
tend into to-monow, if it, shall be found neces-
sary.
No objection being made, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
ISSUE OP TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a hill to authonze an additional issue of United
States notes, and for other purposes, as a substi-
tute for House bill No. 187; which was read a
first and second time, leferred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the bill of the Senate
(No. 89) to amend the act of the 3d of March,
1837, entitled '* An act supplementary to the act
entitled 'An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States.' "
Mr. WILSON. For the purpose of meeting
the views of gentlemen from Kentucky and Ten-
nessee, as expressed by them when this bill was
before the House before, I propose to modify
the first section by inserting "Kentucky" inline
seven^ after the word " Arkansas," and striking
out the same word in lines twelve and thirteen.
That will transfer Kentucky from the seventh to
the sixth circuit. This amendment is concurred
in by the Committee on the Judiciary, and it
meets the views of the gentleman from Kentucky.
I have nodesiretodiscussthis bill further, and,
as I know no disposition to discuss it further, I
demand the previous question upon the amend-
ment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WILSON. I now demand the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
Mr. DUNN, I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that demand.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I do not understand
that the substitute of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary has yet been acted on.
The SPEAKER. It has not—only the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Iowa. The
question is now upon the engrossment and third
reading.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
to withdraw his demand for the previous ques-
tion for a moment.
Mr. WILSON. For what purpose?
Mr. DUNN. I want to say something against
the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better take the
sense of the House upon it.
The question was put, and no quorum voted.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. There will be no objection to
the previous question if my colleague can be
heard.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 withdraw the demand for
the previous question, but I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will renew it.
Mr. DUNN. I will do so. I have very little
to say. The gentleman would have saved time
if he had allowed me to say what I desired to say
without objection. It seems to me that this bill,
as it passed the Senate, is aboutas justand equal
as we can make it by any action here. The Sen-
ate appear to have been very careful to construct
the circuits according to population and business,
both present and prospective. Under their ar-
rangement, Indiana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and
Miclng&n are m one circuit, and in a circuit that
suits their population very well. I heard it ob-
jected the other day that the facilities for inter--
course between the different portions of the cir-
cuit were not sufficient. That objection can have
no weight in view of the railroad facilities in the
States and Territories of the West. Those States
are sufficiently contiguous-for all practical pur-
poses. For my own part, I do not wish to be
placed where this amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary places the State of Indiana, with
Illinois. I prefer the arrangement made by the
Senate. The Representatives from Indiana, so
far as I know, aie satisfied with that arrangement,
and I hope that we shall not disturb it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will do so, if the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. PORTER. I will do so. I prefer that
Indiana and Ohio shall remain in the same circuit.
I have before me a petition signed by almost all
the leading members of the bar of Indiana who
practice in the Federal courts, requesting that I ndi-
anaand Ohio shall be retained m thesame circuit, in
order that they may have the judicial services of
that pure, able, and learned jurist, Judge Swayne;
but if Ohio and Indiana cannot remain in the
same circuit, I am in favor of the substitute pre-
sented by the Judiciary Committee. I venture to
say that no such mis-shapen circuit was ever cre-
ated as the circuit created by the Senate bill, em-
bracing in one circuit Indiana, Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Minnesota. Why, sir, you cannot
