2666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
pass from one portion of this proposed circuit to
the other without passing through another circuit.
In going from Indiana to Wisconsin you must
pass through Illinois; and in territorial extent the
circuit is greater in length than from the northern
part of Michigan to the Gulf of Mexico. The
States lie nearly end to end, and there is little
homogeneity in their systems of law. The practice
theretofore has been to unite together, as far as
possible, States whose laws are homogeneous.
But thelaws of Minnesota are assimilated to those
of New England, while the laws of Indiana are
similar to those of the southern and older western
States.
There can be no reason for creating a circuit
such as the Senate bill creates, unless it be to pro-
mote individual advantage rather than the public
good. I want an Indiana judge if Indiana is not
to remain in a circuit with Ohio; but I see no rea-
son why we shall not have as good an oppoitu-
nity to get the judge if Indiana, Illinois, and Wis-
consin are placed together, as if we shall be placed
in the circuit proposed by the Senate; nor do I
perceive any reason why public interests should
be sacrificed to attain that object. How long has
it been since the seventh ciicuit—the circuit of
Judge Svvaync—was created? I do not remember
the precise time, but I know it has been many
years. We are creating these circuits not for to-
day or to-morrow or for next year, but to remain
as they shall now he organized, for perhaps twent v
or thirty years. Now, although the ciicuit that
the substitute proposes, west of the Mississippi
river, contains a less population than some of the
circuits cast of that river, yet in less than ten years
it will probably be as large as any of them. There
is no State in the Union which has grown so rap-
idly during the last decade as the State of Iowa,
and it will probably continue to increase in popu-
lation with the same rapidity for the next ten, if
not twenty years. And so it will be with the State
of Kansas. Dakota and Nebraska will soon be
organized into States, and when they are admit-
ted, it will be necessary that we shall have a cir-
cuit west of the Mississippi river, not only on
account of the territorial extent of the region, but
on account of the number of the population.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish to say that ;
no member upon this floor is better satisfied than
I am with the pure and upright adminisUation of
justice by Judge Swayne. 1 concur in all my col-
league says upon that point, and I would gladly
have agreed to any modification of the bill which
would have united Ohio and Indiana in the same
circuit. But it is not the fact that we have no
homogeneity of laws and customs with Minnesota.
Minnesota is largely populated by people from
Indiana. What if Lake Michigan does divide the
circuit? There are numerous channels offcommu-
nication. If the Representatives fiorn Minnesota
do not complain, and if the majority of the Rep-
resentatives from Indiana do not complain, I ask
whether this House should entertain the objec-
tion ? I believe that the circuit as at ranged by the
Senate is satisfactory to both extremes, satisfac-
tory to Minnesota, and satisfactory to a majority
of the Representatives from Indiana. The pop-
ulation is almost exactly balanced, as will be seen
"by a reference to the census tables. The Senate
has proposed this change with a good deal of de-
liberation. 1 have no objection to the insertion of
Kentucky where it is desired by her Represent-
atives; and I avail myself of this opportunity to
make the motion, not by way of amendment to
the amendment, but as ail original proposition, to
detach Kentucky from the association in which
she now is, and to attach her to the State of Ten-
nessee.
Mr.MENZlES. I understood thatthatamend-
mcnt had been adopted.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. It was agreed to as
an amendment to an amendment, winch is now
pending. 1 desire to offer it as an original amend-
ment, and I trust that proposition will now be en-
Untmned.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. PORTER. I do not yield for that purpose.
Mr. WHITE, ot Indiana. Then. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded, m order
to give us a chance to got in tins amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. With the consentof the gen-
tleman from Iowa, I want to make an issue wuh
my colleague [Mr. White] on a simple matter of
geography.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have this bill dis-
posed of. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Porter] who first occupied the floor agreed to de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. PORTER. 1 will do so in a moment. I
do not deny that if present population were all
that is to be regarded, the division, according to
population, is very just in the Senate bill. But we
are not providing for a circuit to last a single year,
but for a decade or longer; and prospectively no
division can be more unequal than that provided
for by the Senate. In respect to the shape of the
circuit proposed by the Senate, I venture to say
that if members will look at a map of the United
States, this circuit arrangement will hardly fail to
excite their mirth. I now move the previous
question.
Air. COLFAX. I desire to make an issue with
my colleague [Mr. W iiite] on a matter of fact.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order while
the demand for the previous question is pending.
Mr. LAW. I ask my colleague to withdraw
the previous question.
Mr. PORTER. I cannot, for I have agreed
with the gentleman from Iowa to renew it.
Mr. WILSON called for tellers on seconding
the pievious question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson,and
White of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 62, noes 32.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on the first amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, to
strike out the following from the first section:
The districts of Ohio and Kentucky shall constitute the
seventh circuit; the districts of Indiana, Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Minnesota shall constitute the eighth circuit;
the di&ti icts of Illinois, Missouri, Kansas, and Iowa shall
constitute the ninth circuit,
and insert:
The districts of Ohio, Kentucky, and Michigan shall con-
stitute the seventh circuit; the districts uf Indiana, Illi-
nois, and Wk-eonsin -.hail constitute the eighth oneuit; the
districts of Minnesota, Jovva, Missouri, and Kansas shall
constitute the ninth cucuit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the second amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Judiciary,
to insert the following words in the first section^
Except m the district of Iowa, in which the circuit court
•dial! bu holden at the capital of the State on the second
Tuesday in May and Nowmbei of each year, at winch tunes
and places tei m- ot the dir-tiict court shall be holden : Pro-
ziilcd, This act .-hall not nitert'eie with the teim-* of said dis-
tnctcomt now provided by iavv tai said di^tiict.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question lecurred on the third amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, to
stiikc out the word " April," in the third section,
and to insei t in lieu thereof the word " October;"
so that it will read: m
Sec. 3. *3n<? be it fin ther enacted. That all actions, suits,
pio-ecutions, causes, picas, process, and other proceedings
iclativc to any cause, civil or criminal, (which might have
been brought and could have been originally cognizable in
a cncuit cotnt,) now pending in or returnable to the scv-
eial distnct courts of Texas, Florida, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, Iowa, and Kansas, acting as circuit court*, (or so em-
powfied t<> act.) on the 1-4 day ot October next, sha'l be,
and aie hereby dcclaied to he, i espectively, transferred, re-
turnable, and continued to the scveial circuit couits con-
stituted by this act, to be holden within the said districts,
respectively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARGE AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following reso-
lution as a question of privilege:
-Whriea- inibiination has been received by the Govern-
ment that Hon. JJlnjamin Wood, a Representative in Con-
gress trom the Slate o: \cw Yoi k, and a mombei ot tin-*
Hou-ie, ha-= Iven emr.iged in oommumc-atmir or attempting
to communicate inipoiiant intelligence to the confederate
rebels, in auns against the Government of the United
State-.: Thereiwre,
Be it rcsolrai. That the Committee on the Judiciary
inquire into the conduct of said Benjamin Wood in the
premises, and, to that end, that said committee be author-
ized to send for persons and papers, and to examine wit-
nesses on oath or atfit mation, and to employ astenosrapher
at the usual compensation, and make report to tins House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That resolution
affects not merely the privileges of a member, but
his reputation. Now, I do not see Mr. Wood
present.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Wood was in his seat
a moment ago.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio whether he has given in-
formation to Mr. Wood of his intention to move
in this matter.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I suggest
whether it is not proper that that course should
be pursued. I do not intend to object to the reso-
lution, but it seems to me that such courtesy is
due to a member of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Nesv York is in the restaurant, and
I ask that a page be sent for him. This is not a
question for discussion. When I receive a com-
munication of that sort from a Department of the
Government, I recognize it as my duty to rise in
my place and offer a resolution of inquiry. The
fact that such information has been communicated
to the Government of the United States was trans-
mitted to me, and received by me, and I state, as
a member of the House, that I believe, indeed I
may say I know, that the information has been
so communicated. The resolution, however, is
so drawn upas not to allege, even by intendment,
that the information is true. On the contrary, it
is guarded by the use of the word " alleged," so
as to exclude the slightest mtendmentof prejudg-
ing the case of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
resolution be again read, as the gentleman from
New York is now here.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to a single point,
and to make a single observation in reference to
this matter.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The resolution recites
that information has been received by the Gov-
ernment. Now, the Government is composed
of the executive, legislative, and judicial depart-
ments; and it is well enough to know which de-
partment of the Government has received this
information. The gentleman from Ohio rises in
his place and makes certain grave accusations
against another member. Wheie a member of
this House, on his own responsibility, makes
such an accusation, I shall always vote for the
investigation that is proposed.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Illinois
will excuse me for reminding him again that I
have made no accusation. I have offered a reso-
lution of inquiry, and have been careful to guard
that resolution of inquiry so that it cannot be tor-
tured into an accusation. I have made a statement,
however, which I repeat upon my responsibility,
that the information .lias been communicated to
the Government of the United States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask him what department of the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe to all the depart-
ments of the Government, but originally with the
Secretary of State.
Mi. RICHARDSON. It was then communi-
cated only to the executive department. I think
the gentleman should put that in the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I prefer to in troduce the res-
olution in my own form. I say that this informa-
tion has been communicated to the Government
of the United States. It was first communicated
to the executive department of the Government,
and then to this House, and it seems to me the
gentleman must be very hypercritical if he is dis-
posed to quibble upon words in reference to such
a matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
repeat the word used by him in reference to me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Hypercritical.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I misunderstood the
word. I thought tiie gentleman used another
word.
Mr. WARSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me to suggest to him that if he
