,186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
' 31th Coxg....2D SESS.
Confiscation—Emancipation—Mr. Harding.
Ho. of Reps.
and bud and blossom into that perfect luxuriance
of diabolism through which the Republican party
mounted to power" Slavery triumphed, finally,
when ft clutched the national Treasury, sent our
Navy into distant seas, plundered our arsenals,
fired on our flag, and sought to make sure its
dominion by wholesale perjury, treason, rapine,
and murder; but all this was only a grand chal-
lenge to the nation to meet it in mortal combat,
giving us the right to choosc any weapons recog-
nized'by the laws of civilized warfare. Baffled
and overborne in alt its previous encounters, sla-
very has now forced upon the nation the question
of liberty or death; and [ cannot doubt that the
triumphs of freedom thus far will be crowncd by
final victory in this grand struggle. The cost of
our victory in treasure and blood and the length
*of the struggle will depend much upon the mad-
ness ftr the wisdom which may dictate our policy;
but I am sure that our country is not so far given
over to the care of devils as to allow shivery to
come out of this contest with its life. To believe
this, would be to take sides with " the fool" who
" hath said in his heart, there is no God."
The triumph of anti-slavery is sure. In the
day of its weakness, it faced proscription, perse-
cution, violence, and death, but it never deserted
its flag. It was opposed by public opinion, by
the press, the religious organizations of the coun-
try, and by great political parties which it finally
rent in twain and trampled under its feet. It is
now the mastcrof its own position, while its early
heroes are taking their rank among 41 the noble
of all ages." It has forced its way into the picsi-
dential chair, and rules in the Cabinet. It dictates
the legislation of Congress and speaks in the Courts
of the Old World. Itgoca forth with ourarmies,
and is every hour more and more imbuing the
soldiers of the Republic with its spirit. Its course
is onward, and while
"The politic statesman looks back with a *igh,
There is doubt in Ins heart, there is fear in his eye
and even those slimy doughfaces and creeping
things that still continue to hiss at "abolition-
ism," betray a tormenting apprehension that their
day and generation are rapidly passing away. In
the light of the past the future is made so plain
that " he that runs may read." In the year 1850,
when the slave power triumphed through the
" final settlement" which was then attempted, I
had the honor to hold a seat m this body; and 1
said, in a speech then delivered, that—
'•The suppression of agitation in fhr non-slaveholdint;
(States vvilf not and cannot follow rlir* ' pi-aee measures' ie-
coully adopted. The alleged death ot the YVilmot proviso
will only piove the death of those who have sought to kill
It, while its advocates will he multiplied meveiy portion of
the North. The eoven.uit foi the adim-sion ol addilional
tfiave Slates will bo repudiated, while a renewed and con-
stantly laereasinp: agitation will spiins up in behali of the
dootiiwof { no mote slaw States.' Tim out: age of sin ren-
dering free sod to Tutmt slavery cannot fail to he followed
by the same lesults, and just as naturally a* fuel ieeds the
Hume which consume# it. The parage of tho tugmve shivo
bill will open a fu'Hh wound in the North, and it will con-
tinue to bleed just as long as the law stands uniepeaicd.
The existence of shivery in the capital of the Kcpublic, up-
held by the laws of Congress, must of itself keep alive an
agitation wiiich will be swelled with the coatuiuaaec of
the evil. Sir, those questions ate no longer within the con-
trol of politicians Paity discipline, presidential nomina-
tions, and the *poih of office, cannot stifle the free utter-
ance of the people le.spcetingthe giear snuagle now going
on in this countiy between the free spirit ot the North and
a doimneenng oligarchy in the South. More, mi, lies the
great question, and if must be met. Neithei acts ol Con-
gress nor the deviecs of partisans can postpone or evade
It. It will have itself answered, i am aware that it in-
volves the bread and butter of whole hosts of politicians;
and I do not marvel at their attempts to escape it, to smother
it, to hide ittrom the eyes of the p"ople, and to dam up the
moral tide which Is forcing it upon them. iVeitherdo I
marvel at tnen tiling of guns and bacchanalian libations
over 4 the dead l>od\ of the YVilmot.' Such labois and ie-
joieiiiL'S are by no means unnatural, but they will bo fol-
lowed by disappointment. It is vain to cxpcct to quiet agi-
tation by continued concessions to an institution which is
b'H oining every hoiu more nnd more astigina to the nation,
and wineh, m read ot seeking new conquests and new hie.
should be pupating it-elf with grave clothes for a decent
exit fiom the world ; concession-* revolting to the human-
ity. fhe conscientious convictions,'the religion, and the
patriotism of the free States."
Sir, i speak to-day ni the spirit of these words,
uttered nearly twelve years ago, and verified by
time. A small band of men in Congress braved
public opinion, thi* ruling influences of the time,
and every form of proscription and intimidation,
in standing by the cause which was overwhelm-
ingly voted down. But although outvoted, itwas
not conquered. Says Carlylc:
" It is in vain to vote a false image true. Vote it, and
revote it, by overwhelming majorities, by jubilant unanimi-
ties, the thing is not so; it is otherwise than so, and all
Adam's posteuty voting upon it till doomsday cannot
change it."
The history of reform bears unfailing witness
to this truth. The cause which bore the cross in
1850 wears the crown to-day. " No power can
die that ever wrought for truth," while the polit-
ical graves of recreant statesmen are eloquent with
warnings againsttheir mistakes. Where are those
northern statesmen who betrayed liberty in 1820?
They are already forgotten, or remembered only
in their dishonor. Who now believes that any
fresh laurels were woif in 1850 by the great men
who sought to gag the people of the free States
and lay the slab of silence on those truths which
to-day write themselves down, along with the
guilt of slavery, in the flames of civil war? Has
any man in the whole history of American poli-
tics, however deeply rooted his reputation or god-
like his gifts, been able to hold dalliance with sla-
very and live? I believe the spirit of liberty is
the spirit of God, and if the giants of a past gen-
eration were not strong enough to wrestle with it,
can the pigmies of the present? It has been beau-
tifully said of Wilberforce that he " asccndcd to
the throne of God with amillion of broken shackles
in his hands, as the evidence of a life wdl spent."
History will take care of his memory, and when
our own bleeding country shall again put on the
robes of peace, and freedom shall have leave to
gather up her jewels, she will not search for them
among the political fossils who are now seeking
to spare the rebels by pettifogging their cause in the
name of the Constitution, while the slave power
is feeling for the nation's throat. No; God is not
to be mocked. Justice is sure. The defenders
of slavery and its despicable apologists will be
nailed to the world's pillory, and the holiest
shrines in the temple of American liberty will be
reserved for those who shall most faithfully do
battle against this rebellion, as a gigantic conspir-
acy against the rights of human nature and the
brotherhood of our race.
CONFISCATION—EMANCIPATION.
SPEECH OF HON. A. HARDING,
OF KENTUCKY,
In tiie House of Representatives,
May 24, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
icbeis— #
Mr. HARDING said :
M r. Speaker : It is not my purpose to address
the House at any great length". I have been suf-
fering from ill health for some days past, but being
somewhat relieved to-day, I desire to make an
appeal to gentlemen in tins House, and in doing
it, I promise, if gentlemen will give me their at-
tention, to utter not a solitary word that can
excite passion or arouse prejudice. I deprecate
from my heart every feeling of passion or preju-
dice in times like these. I should have hope for
my country if gentlemen could rise above mere
matters of passion and vengeance, and, forgetting
the present, look only to the future. Pormyself,
I would not indulge in any feeling of passion or
revenge. I would adopt no measures but with a
view to the ultimate perpetuity of this Govern-
ment; and although I have been to some extent
silent, I have witnessed with much anxiety the
course of events here, and 1 have been driven to
the conclusion that the fearful dangers that now
threaten this country are not sufficiently appre-
ciated. 1 apprehend that the imminent peril to
which our Government is exposed is not suffi-
ciently considered. I know that the wicked course
of this rebellion has been calculated to arouse
passion and prejudice in northern men; and the
danger is that gentlemen will act upon the im-
pulse of passion and prejudice, and not with an
eye to the future prosperity and perpetuity of this
gieat, free Government. 1 ask gentlemen what,
aftei we have fretted our brief hour upon the
stage, and passed away, will party triumphs avail
here? What is a momentary triumph tothis or
that party, if our children, and our children's
children, for centuries to come, are to be borne
down and oppressed by the iron tread of despot-
ism? That is the question which we ought to
look to.
When gentlemen here are disposed to indulge
in passion and revenge, and extend no mercy to
rebels, it may have some small influence on them
to remember anotherGovernmcnt,a high and holy
Government, and that the whole of us, the whole
human race, are rebels against that pure and holy
Government. If the prayer uttered here every
morning by our venerable Chaplain—under the
sanction of this body-—'1 forgive us our trespasses
as we forgive those that trespass against us,,5 had
any lodgment in the minds of those Christian gen-
tlemen, it would banish all passion from them.
What is the whole human race but a race of
rebels against a high and holy and pure Govern-
ment? After eighteen hundred years, it still re-
volts. Ileie and there a few have grounded their
arms and returned to their allegiance. But the
great mass arc still in rebellion, though the melting
voice of mercy is heard from every pulpit in the
land every Sabbath. Those men who have no
mercy and no feeling of forgiveness are themselves
rebels against a higher and holier Government than
earth ever saw. How shall a man, after uttering
that prayer for forgiveness, turn on his fellow-
man, seize him by the throat, arid say, " pay me
what thou owest;" men who aie ten thousand tal-
ents in debt and have not a farthing to pay? Sir,
what would be thought of the filial love and loyalty
of a family of sons gathered around the death-bed
of a father—I allude not to those who at that hour
would be plundering their father's coffers, but to
sons who at such a time would engage in wrang-
ling and disputing, some of them proposing to
administer a rash and unknown remedy, one that
might, peradventure, produce death? All, how-
ever, can agree on some safe remedy, but a por-
tion of the family are utteily opposed to admin-
istering this untried nostrum. Who would be the
true friends of the father; those who would admin-
ister a rash and untried remedy, saying that " per-
adventure it may do good," or those who would
abstain from everything that could possibly do
harm? What is our condition here now? We can
all agree in taking measures to preserve the Union
and the Government. We can all agree in provid-
ing the means to suppress and put down this re-
bellion. But these measures of confiscation and
emancipation are believed by many to be fatal to
all hopes of a restoi ation of the Union. Yet there
are many here disposed rashly to try experiments.
Which, I ask, is the best and truest friend of tho
Government ?
The first of these bills proposes to confiscate
the property of several classes. It goes on from
class to class, till there is one provision which
virtually involves all other classes, and applies,
in fact, to nearly the whole of those who have
been in rebellion. Here is a sweeping confisca-
tion measure. Look at the extent of it. It pro-
poses to confiscate the last cent, to strip persons
literally of every thing, leaving them neither clothes
to wear nor bread to eat. Everything is to be
stripped from them, and they are "to be turned out
of house and home without a farthing.
The second bill reported by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] and nowunder con-
sideration, proposes to emancipate the slaves of
most of the rebels, and, indeed, of all the rebels.
Here the darling object of emancipation shows
itself. In the confiscation bills sixty days are
given to these people to return to their allegiance,
after which time, if they do not return, all their
property is to be confiscated. In the emancipa-
tion bill there is no such time allowed. But the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,]
comes in with his amended bill, and carries the
measure a little further. He proposes to eman-
cipate all the slaves. It applies to the slaves of
loyal as well as of disloyal men. It makes it the
duty of the officers of the various departments
of eleven States to invite into their lines and to
enroll all the slaves, whethcrthey belong to loyal
or disloyal masters. Old and young, male and
female, aged, infirm men and women, and help-
less infants, all arc to be enrolled; and so many
as may be necessary are to be put into active ser-
