684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
*ity judgment, we are under no necessity to adopt
•a plan, however respectable may be the source
from which it comes, so objectionable upon its
very face.
There is, however, another objection to thesub-
stitute, and that is, that it provides for the pay-
ment of large interests by the Government, which
•are not necessary at this time. It provides for
the payment of interest upon these Treasury notes,
but not to any extent that will give them any
value as a currency, or as a means of borrowing
money. Who will voluntarily take Treasury
notes, which carry three and six tenths interest
per annum, and give what they bear upon their
face? If they shall, however, get beyond the walls
of the Treasury, we shall have to pay this interest
for the benefit of somebody, into whose hands
they may chance to fall, without any benefit of
their general use as a currency; ami we are also
to pay, by the substitute, over seven per cent, in-
terest upon our bonds, when, by the provisions
of the other bill, the notes they issue would serve
aa a currency until they should be invested in
bonds at six per cent. We have got to pay this
-difference in interest for the whole time that the
bonds might have to run. I would not object so
much to this paymentof interest if itcould notbe
properly avoided; I would not object to it if it was
the best thing we could do, and we were not to
be without it loaded down with this great tax
which I have spoken of, and which the people
must pay. I am not willing to increase the bur-
den of that tax by increasing the amount of it if
it can be avoided properly and honestly, consist-
ently with providing for the wants of the Gov-
ernment/
Now, Mr. Chairman, gentlemen have raised
many other objections to this bill. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Horton] spoke with great
effect the other day in earnest opposition to the
plan of the committee. Among other things, he
said that it would Hood the country with depre-
ciated currency if it passed. Well, sir, what are
we to have if the bill passes which he favors?
Are we to have anything else than a depreciated
currency? Whatever direction we take, does any-
body suppose that the hundred millions to be pro-
vided by the bill which is offered as a substitute
and which he favors, is to be all that is necessary
for the Government? Does anybody suppose it
is to be more likely to be sufficient limn the hun-
dred millions which is to be provided by the bill
reported by the committee? And if we have to
fiend out other millions issued under his substi-
tute, shall we not have a depreciated currency, if
we have any currency ataU? And lot me inquire
of the gentleman, in which plan will we be most
likely to have a depreciated curreivy: under that
of the substitute, which has nothing fo sustain
its notes but the three and six tenths interest, or
under the bill which has been offered by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which has, to sus-
tain those it proposes to issue, the fact that they
can be used by the whole community for every
purpose for which money is us-hI, and the issue
which it makes is based precisely on the same
foundation as that provided for in the substitute
rests upon—that is, upon the whole property of
the country, and the power of the Government
to tax it for their redemption, and the faith of the
country pledged to meet all its indebtedness?
It is said that the bill will demoralize the coun-
try, and the substitute, I suppose it will be as-
serted, will not. I would ask the gentlemen again
if the issues under the bill submitted by the Ways
and Means, if it should occasion even the depre-
ciation they talk of, could demoralize the country
any more than the issues under the substitute
which is offered, if that plan shall be carried out?
Why, sir, the paper which will depreciate most
will be likely most to demoralize the country; and
that paper, it seems to me, will depreciate most !
that has for its only basis the general ability of i'
the nation to redeem it at a future time, and the i
faith of the country that it will be done, rather !
than that which bus all this, and in addition to
that, a provision which makes it a convenient cir-
culating medium for ail the business of the country.
Is it to be supposed that the tender clause itself
could depreciate the notes when they shall have
all the other elements of strength which can be
given to any notes?
It is said that it will render return to specie
payment impossible or unlikely. I ask again, sup-
posing the amount required is to be equal, wiiether
it will be more impossible or more unlikely if
issued under the bill than under the substitute? I
would ask again whether there will not be the
same ability in the country, the same recognition
of its obligation, and the same action upon that
recognition to redeem the currency, whatever
amount it may be, as soon as its ability shall make
it practical?
I say, then, in conclusion of this part of my ar-
gument, that in my judgment the substitute, as
offered, is liable to all the objections which can
be urgt d against the bill which has been reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, unless it
is the doubtful one of questionable power, and
that it has none of its advantages, among which,
first and foremost, is that of giving to the Gov-
ernment the instant means it requires to enable it
now to carry on its immense operations for the
accomplishment of the great object for which it is
contending. Sir, I suppose time is regarded as
important; I suppose the wants of the Treasury
must be supplied forthwith, or it will come too
late. And now, sir, the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has this advantage,
that it furnishes the means directly, instead of
lookingto intermediate negotiation for the purpose
of furnishing them.
I have examined this matter only in reference
to the practical operation of the two plans pro-
posed, one by the Committee of Ways and Means
and one as a substitute; and upon that examina-
tion I have made up my mind, and upon that con-
viction T shall act. 1 shall vote for the bill i eported
by tlu: Committee of Ways and Moans as the one
which, in my judgment, should command the ap-
probation of the House, as in all material respects
to be preferred to the substitute, one or the other
of which it is distinctly understood will be adopted.
In giving this vote 1 shall not act in accoi dance
with my inclinations. I but act from a conviction
of duty, regarding, as I trust, considerately all the
vanous inteiests ofthe various classesofthecoun-
try—all equally entitled to considei ation. I shall
do it becau.se 1 bcla-ve that the nece^siiit s of the
Government to-day demand of this House that it
should come fo its lesrue; that we should put in
its hands a power which is piactical, and which
they can use effectually for the great purposes of
this conflict which is upon us.
Mr. Chairman, I have not thus far touched the
question of constitutionality. I prefeired to re-
veise the usual order of the discussion, and to see
whether the meiuaue proposed in itself would
justify even calling into exercise a constitutional
power which, if it were conceded tcr exist, has
slumbeied unused for more than three fourths of a
century. For unless it is a measure not merely of
clear expediency, but one of controlling necessity
in both its leading features, I would have held it
to he inexpedient that the question should be raised.
Ihubehcvingtliat necessity toexist, i do notshnnk
from meeting the question here or elsewhere; and
I piopose to devote the bi ief time I have remaining
to examining that constitutional question. I shall
not undertake to answer fully the able ni gu ment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thom-
as.] I have the utmost respect for his legal ability,
and I listened'vvith great pleasure to the views and
opinions he expressed, but I was not convinced by
it. And let me say here at the outset, that every
constitutional question that has been argued in
this body since the Government was established
has been argued on the one side and the other, it
is no dispaiagemrnt to the genth'mnn to say, by
men of equal ability with himself, and those who
argued on one side or the other were necessarily
wrong in the opinions ihey held.
It does not follow then that, with all the great
ability of the gentleman, his conclusions, though
entitled to respect, ate authority in this House or
anywhere else upon the constitutional question
involved in this debate.
In his argument he said that whether constitu-
tional oi not, he should regard the passage of this
bill a breach of faith to the people of this coun-
tiy. I beg leave to dissent fiom him m that con-
clusion more emphatically than I do to any other.
Why, sir, what is a breach of faith? What faith
is this Government under to the people of this
country, other than to exercise the powers that
are vested in them, according to their best judg-
ment-, for the good of the whole people, under
all circumstances, and in every emergency that
can arise? In relation to the slightest or the cx-
tremest duties it has to perfoim, whatother faith
is there reposed in the Government than this?
Sir, I do not admit that making these issues a
legal tender is done in the absence of power or
that it is an abuse of power. It impniis the ob-
ligations of contracts it is said, and is also m its
terms an ex post fa .to law. I do not admit that it
impairs the obligation of contracts. I believe that
all contracts made in this country arc si I ject to
the proper exorcise of all the powers of legisla-
tive bodies, whether State or national, and that
the right to exercise those powers, when deemed
proper, makes, by implication, a part of every
contract that is made. And if it does not impair
the obligation of contracts, it is not, for that rea-
son in any legal sense, ex post facto.
In relation to the constitutional question, I have
a word further to say. It has been said by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas]
that it docs not come within the expiess powers
of the Constitution. This is of course concedt d;
but the gentleman would not regard ibis position
as of much significance. It is haidly anything
more in a constitutional argument but an intro-
ductory statement. All who know anything more
than that we have a Constitution, know that its
implied powers far exceed its express, and that
the mass of our national legislation is based upon
powers implied.
Why, sir, where is the express authority for
the legislation—to seize upon an illustiation near-
est to us—under which this Capitol and all the
spacious and durable public buildnms atound us
havo been provided for the uses of the Govern-
ment; where is the express power for most of the
details of all the Depai tments ofthe Government,
for all the interests and security of comtm rce,for
all the organization of your Army and Navy; not
to extend this summary, where, sir, is the express
power for doing that in which now this whole
House unhesitatingly concurs, in the very bills
bffoieus? Nowhere in the Constitution. The
emission of bills of credit, which tin se notes arc,
is nowhere named except as assotiatcd with the
provision to make them a lawful tendi r, and to
prohibit the States from doing either; and yet the
power to emit bills of credit, when the necessity
tor its exeicise arose in the warof 1812, found its
recognition as a constitutional power, an.I has
been acted upon as such at vaiious periods with-
out question.
So, sir, the power which is now attempted to
be exercised and to be deduced fiom the express
poweis granted would, in my belief—a belief
founded on the records of the congiessional dis-
cussions and decisions of great constitut ionai ques-
tions at all ciitical periods in our history—have
found, as have other latent powers,a clear recog-
nition, if the imperative necessity which is now
upon us had ever eaiher occurred.
But, sir, 1 will not indulge further in this branch
of the discussion. It has been aliendy ably dis-
cussed. It has been the subject with us all of pa-
tient, earnest, and anxious txamination and re-
flection; and I will only say for myself that in
view of the circumstane.es by which we are sur-
rounded, entertaining the opinion I have nefore
expressed of the importance of this bill, of us ne-
cessity to enable the Administration to sustain the
drooping credit of the Government m this hourof
its utmost need, I cannot permit mere doubts and
uncertainties to control my action.
Mr. RIDDLE. Almost as soon as men began
to traffic they bo^an to observe in it c ertain usages.
These grew with the barter and exchange of com-
modities until they became customs, enlaiged
themselves to rules of general observance and ap-
plication, and finally constitute what we call the
laws of trade or commerce. This code, the pure
offspring of commerce, owes little to municipal
law, though it often in a way dictates municipal
statutes. "Although it is of vast international
obligation, it in no way depends upon tnaties,
yetiu its universal dominion it has compelk d the
negotiation of more international comparts and
arrangements than all other causes combined.
The laws of trade may !v said to bo uuiveisal
in then dominion, irrepealable m their nature, and
sovereign in their jurisdiction.
At first the sovereign, caring only for his own
