686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
passed through a bloody seven years' war to es- '
tablish; credit was gone; the Government with-
out money, and a band of armed conspirators in
the field ready and willing to destroy the Govern-
ment itself. General Knox, who had been sent
to Massachusetts by the Government to concert
measures for the safety of the arsenal at Spring-
field, returned and reported that a majority of the
people of Massachusetts were in opposition to the
Government; that the leaders of the insurgents in
that State boldly avowed their design to subvert
the Government, abolish all debts, divide all prop-
erty, and to reunite with Great Britain. It was
said the same temper prevailed, more or less, in
all of the eastern States, and was ready to break
forth whenever the opportune moment might ar-
rive. General Washington, at this time, was earn-
estly requested by General Knox to appear in
person among the malcontents, and use Ins great
personal influence to bring them baclc to peace and
reconciliation. The reply of the Father of his Coun-
try was worthy of his name and fame. Said he:
" You talk, my good sir, of employing influence to appease
the present tumults m Massachusetts. i know not where
tiiat influence is to be found, nor, if attainable, that it would
be a proper remedy for the-*e disorders. Influence not
government. Let us have a Government by which our lives,
liberties, and properties will be secured, or let us know the
worst at once. Under these impressions, my humble opin-
ion is, that there is a call for decision."
This, sir, was the way Washington had of deal-
ing with rebellion, and this is the way we. have got
to walk, if we succeed in maintaining the Consti-
tution and enforcing the laws. Congress must
have decision; the President must have decision;
and, more than all, our military officers must have
( decision. The people already have decision; they
have decided to freely give the Inst dollar of money
and sacrifice the first and last drop of blood that
courses in their veins to sustain the Government,
maintain the Constitution, and enforce the laws.
This bill is brought forward as a war measure, to
meet the pressing demands now on the Treasury.
Will it do that? The Secretary of the Tieasury,
who iseminentlv qualified to answer this question,
says it will, nut, then, it is said to be uncon-
stitutional by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Wright] to make Treasury notes a legal i
tender for the payment of the debts of the Gov- j
ernment.
That the Congress of the United States can ex-
ercise only those powers which are delegated by
the Constitution, is a proposition not to be con-
troverted; but it is equally true that there ore
implied as well as express powers, and that the
former are as effectually delegated as the latter.
Then there are resulting powers under the Con-
stitution. ff the United States should obtain the
island of Cuba by conquest or treaty, they would
have sovereign jurisdiction over the territory.
This would be a result of the whole mass of the
powers of the Government, and more from the na-
ture of political society than as a consequence of
either of the powers specially given m the Consti-
tution.
To make Treasury notes a legal tender is but
an exercise of the sovereign power of the nation,
and the authority to do so is as clearly given by
the implied powers of the Constitution as the ex-
press power is given " to coin money and regu-
late the value thereof." Congress is expressly
authorized "to raise and support armies;" "to
provide and maintain a navy;" "to provide for
calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
•Union, suppress insurrections, and rope! inva-
sion ;" "to pro vide for organizing, arming, and dis-
ciphningthe militia;" and then " to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any department
or officer thereof."
The implied powers of the Constitution, it must
be conceded, are as completely delegated as those
which are expressed; and it follows, as a logical
sequence, that the power of Congress to make
Treasury notes a legal tender may as well be im-
plied as any other thing, and may as well be em-
ployed as a means of carrying into execution any
of the specified powers of the Constitution, as
any other means whatever. The only question
to !-e decided is, whether the means we propose
to employ has a natural relation to any of theac-
knowledged objects or lawful ends of the Govern-
ment. Having answered this question in the af-
firmative, the constitutional power is clearly and
distinctly given for the use of these very means
for the accomplishmentof the desired object. But
it is contended by the gentleman ftom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Wright] that none but neccssary and
proper means can be employed; and none can be
necessary but those without which the grant of
the power would be nugatory. Such an interpre-
tation of the Constitution would make the ease of
necessity, which would warrantthe exercise of con-
stitutional power,to depend on accident, or casual
and temporary circumstances; and this statement
of the encct of such a position is a sufficient an-
swer to that construction of the Constitution. It
is true, the expedience of exeieising n constitu-
tional power, atagiven time, mustahvays depend
on circumstances, but the right to do so must be
uniform and stable. The word necessary in the
Constitution means no more than needful, useful,
requisite, or conducive to.
We say it is necessary to make Treasury notes
a legal tender, and by it we intend to be understood
to mean that the interests of the Government and
the people require that it should be done. It is
just in this sense the word necessary is used in
the Constitution. The whole section containing
it shows an intent on the part of the makeis to
give it a liberal latitude for the exercise of specified
powers. Congress is—
" To make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the forogomg powers, and nil of her powers vested
by the Constitution in the Government of the United States,
or in any department or office thereof."
Restrict the word ncccssary, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wright] would have us,
and we arc compelled to depart, not only from its
obvious and •popular sense, but to change it so as
to give it the force of the woids absolutely 01 indis-
pensably. Sucha construction of the Constitution,
I need not say, would be its destruction. We are
now in the midst of a great national exigency, and
one, too, that wo must provide for; and one that in
the application of the means there must of neces-
sity be great latitude of discretion. Hence the
duty and necessity of exercising the powers given
us by the Constitution on the principles of liberal
construction, 111 order that all the power of the
Government may be exerted as soon as possible
for the salvation of the nation. Our poweis are
not bounded by the measure of necessity in the
Constitution, but by the relation between the meas-
ures and the end sought to be accomplished. The
nature of the means "employed towards the execu-
tion of a constitutional power, and the object of
that power, is the true test of constitutionality.
The nation is now in its life or death struggle, and
the Constitution authorizes Congress to use all the
means neccssary to save its life. We must have
money to pay our soldiers, without which our
Army will have to be disbanded; the Constitution
has given us all power to save the country from
such a calamity by the issue of Treasury notes;
and by making those notes a legal tender we pre-
vent the money sharks from robbing our soldiers
of their hard earnings.
But it is said fhat this question was before the
convention that framed the Constitution; and it
was decided that paper money should not be made
a legal tender. Sir, I deny it; and to show that
this was not the case I read from the debates on
the formation of the Constitution, (vol. 5, p. 435.)
Mr. Mason said "he was unwilling to tie ike
hands of the Legislature. He observed that the
late war could not have been carried on had such
a prohibition existed."
Mr. Butler said " that paper was a legal tender
in no country in Europe."
Mr. Mason " was still averse to tying the hands
of the Legislature altogether. If there was no
example m Europe, as just remarked, it might be
observed, on the other side, that there was none
in which the Government was restrained on this
head." Sir, there the convention left this ques-
tion, and there is where we find it—left to the
legislative wisdom of Congress.
Sir, it will thus be seen that the convention did
not decide against the Government making its
paper a legal tender; but did decide to leave that
question to the wisdom of Congress, whenever
such an exigency might arise as to make it neces-
sary. It was denied m express terms to the States,
and permitted in implied terms to Congress.
It being, then, constitutional, is it necessary to
make Treasury notes a legal tender? Sir,by these
notes we are enabled to pay our soldiers, and it is
the only means we have to pay them. Docs not
every gentleman know that if these notes are paid
to our soldiers without making them a legal ten-
der, they will immediately be sold at a loss to the
soldiers of from four to twenty per cent5 This is
not conjecture, sir; this very thing was done here
only last month; soldiers were shaved by the
money-shavers of this District from four to twenty
per cent, on the bills they had received from Gov-
ernment. Who are the men who complain of
making Treasury notes a legal tender?
Sir, I do not impugn the motives of ou" friends
who oppose this bill in this House; but it is well
known that the money-shavers of the city of New
York, and all their friends throughout the coun-
try, have brought all the influence within their
power to defeat this bill with the legal tender pro-
vision.
Sir, our legislation should be,so far as possible,
made to benefit the laboring inteiestsof our coun-
try,and notfortheespecial benefit of the moneyed
interests. The rich can take care of themselves,
but the poor have not the power at all times to do
this, and hence the necessity of protecting them
by legislation. The brokers ixnii money-dealers will
be the only persons who can by any possibility
be injured by making Treasury notes a legal
tender. We propose to levy a tax on the people
of more than one hundred millions of* dollars.
How are the people to pay their taxes in gold with
every bank in our country suspended ? Sir, it
cannot be done without the passage of this bill.
Let us do our duty, and meet every measure
necessary to supply the means to put down this
wicked rebellion, for maintaining the Constitu-
tion, and pieseiving the Government; and above
all, sir, let us have faith, and that faith, too,
" which is the substance of things hoped for, and
the evidence of things not seenfaith in the Pres-
ident; faith m the Cabinet; faith in our command-
ing geneials; faith in the people; faith in ourselves,
that we are equal to this terrible crisis that is upon
our country; faith in God that He will give us
wisdom and grace sufficient for this our day of
trial.
Sir, I will not detain the committee further than
to say that I regard the passage of this bill as one
of the most important measures that we shall
have before us for consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, it is proper
that each member of this House should, however
briefly, express his views on the pending bill—
one of the most, if not the most, impoi tant bills of
this session. To support our armies in the field
and navies on the seas is a plain, patriotic,and ne-
cessary duty; to do this with prudence, economy,
and foresight, is the highest evidence of states-
manship. That we have vast national resources
all admit; that the public debt has for its secu-
rity the whole property of the nation is equally
plain. The powers of the Government are ample.
They extend to life and property. He would fall
short of his duty in this tremendous issue, in
which free Government is on its final trial, who
would not, if neccssary, vote the last man and the
last dollar to defend and perpetuate the priceless
inheritance of our fathers.
I humbly conceive my duty to be a plain one.
The path i have marked out for myself I will fol-
low, let it lead where it may. Whatever meas-
ure is now or hereafter may become necessary to
adopt m order to maintain the Union and perpet-
uate free Government, that will I support. Speak
not to me of " objections" and " scruples" and
" dangers," of " constitutional objections" and
" conservative influences." Sophistry is ever
plausible, and opposition to a just and necessary
measure generally wears the mask of a " consti-
tutional objection." The highest duty of every
member is to maintain the Union—to sustain the
Constitution against this causeless and wicked
rebellion; and in doing this, let us bear in mind
that the Constitution was made for the people—
to secure to them and their posterity the blessings
of free Government. Therefore with me the pri-
mary inquiry is, is this measure necessary to sup-
press the rebellion ? If it is, here am I ready to
sustain it. It will be found the Constitution gives
ample power to sustain this view.
The bill now before the committee is necessary
to sustain the credit of the country, and to carry
on the war. It is with reluctance that I have come
to this conclusion. I do not like the necessity
