m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
3?th Gong....2d Sess.
Confiscation—Emancipation—Mr. Harding.
Ho. of Keps.
agitating these sectional questions for the purpose
of destroying this Union. Yes, sir, that is the
cause, and if this Government had two years ago
selected two or three hundred chosen leaders of
this agitation, from the North and the South, and
had hung them or transported them beyond our
limits, we would not now have this rebellion, but,
on the contrary, continued peace and prosperity.
"What drove the masses of the South to unite their
fortune with the secessionists but the ever-pres-
ent fear with which they had been possessed that
it was the design of the North to interfere un-
justly with their rights of property under the Con-
stitution ? Insane fanatics at the North, men who
were unceasing in their denunciations of the insti-
tution of slavery, and open in their avowal to use
every means, whether lawful or not, to secure its
extinction in every part of the country, furnished
the arguments to the disunionists at the South,
against which the loyal men, to a great extent,
were powerless. These arguments, that the Gov-
ernment would be used for the purpose of striking
down the rights of the southern people, induced
the large majority of them to pledge themselves
to this rebellion. The wily secessionists at the
South were not slow to take advantage of these
denunciations and threats of the'anti-slavery agi-
tators at the North; and it is our misfortune and
the misfortune of the country that they used them
with such great success.
Now, sir, I never found or conversed with a
rebel who did not admit that this was the best
Government the world ever saw, and better than
any he ever expected to see again. But when 1
would ask him, " why then, will you leave it?"
the uniform response has be<yi, "we are about
to lose it; the South is to be trampled under foot;
the Constitution is to be set aside; the lights of
Ijroperty under it are to be disregarded; the North
lave the power, and they declare that they will
trample the South under their feet; and wo must
leave the Union to save ourselves." That is what
drove thousands of them into this rebellion. They
did not expect a better government. They feared
that the power of the North was to be put into
requisition to crush out the institution of slavery.
What, then, is it that this Hous# proposes to
relieve them of that great fear which besets them,
and which has driven them into this rebellion ?
How do you propose to bring them back into this
Union? Will these sweeping confiscation and
emancipation measures do it? It seems to me,
Mr. .Speaker, that some strange infatuation has
taken possession of the members on the other side
of the House, that an unaccountable delusion has
seized them. When the people of the South have
been driven into this rebellion by the fear that the
North would trample upon their lights and utterly
destroy the institution of slavery,' is it the way to
bring them back by doing 111 reality the thing
which they only feared? What injustice! What
absurdity!
How was it that most of the border States were
kcptlifefhe Union ? Wo who toiled night and day
know how it was done. You adopted the reso-
lution of my venerable colleague, [Mr. Critten-
den,] and you adopted whatis called the Sherman
resolution. You declared that to legislate on the
subject of slavery was a violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and, in view of your
solemn oaths, you declared that you would not
legislate on the subject of slavery. When these
resolutions were passed unanimously, we began to
have strong hopes of the restoration of the Union.
When it was thus solemnly declared that the Gov-
ernment would preserve the rights of slavery and
all other rights, we dispersed the hosts of rebellion
in the border States.
What were the results of the passage of the
Sherman resolution r The people of my own dis-
trict, when I was running against an able and wily
opponent, rolled me up a majority of nearly eiWit
thousand. So it was ail over the State. That was
the result. We could press these resolutionsupon
the secessionists as the oath of the men who passed
them. My colleague's resolution was passed, and
what was the result? Kentucky soon had thirty
thousand troops in the field lighting for this Union.
An election took place in August after the pas-
sage of the Crittenden resolutions, and the Union
men secured seventy-odd members of the Legis-
lature to twenty-odd opposition. We have voted
money and taxes for the Government, and now
everything is going on right in that State.
What do you propose to do? You propose that
we shall go home and tell our people that we have
deceived them—that it is the design of Congress
to emancipate the slaves. You ask us to tell them
that the true object of the North henceforth is to
crash out slavery; to tell them that we have mis-
led them. For, sir, if these pledges, solemn as
they are, be broken, have we not misled them? I
protest that I have done it innocently, i believed
them to be all true. I would have risked anything
that the Sherman resolution and my colleague's
resolution would have been adhered to. Yet it is
now proposed to disregard them. The proposi-
tion to emancipate these slaves is in direct viola-
tion of the Sherman resolution—in direct violation
of all of our pledges. You said that you would
not legislate on the subject, because you had not
the power to legislate on it; and yet it is now pro-
posed that we shall legislate upon it with an un-
sparing hand.
Is it not absurd to talk about the war power?
Where do you get your power to legislate at all?
From the Constitution. Where, then, in the Con-
stitution do you find the power given to legislate
on these questions? There is no such power of
legislation given by the Constitution. It is absurd
to talk about the war power. It does not belong
to your department. You have under the Consti-
tution no power to legislate on this subjcct. You
have given sworn testimony that you had not.
And you have solemnly declared that if you had
the power you would not exercise it.
I propose now to say a few words in regard to
the policy of these measures. Men far removed
from the scene of conflict, looking at what the
Union men have had to bear, might well suppose
that they would be moved by aspint of vengeance.
The Union men of Kentucky would be justified,
if men anywhere could bo, in demanding venge-
ance; and -doubtless they would be moved by
such feelings, if they were not influenced by the
Christian spirit of forgiveness, and a strong de-
sire to have the Union preserved. On the 19th of
October last, I, myself, was compelled to fly from
my home at the hour of midnight with my wife
and two children, and have not been back since.
But would I, in my action here, indulge in pas-
sion and the spirit of revenge in consequence of
that? No, sir. To restore this Government and
preserve it, I would sacrifice all such feelings and
every political prosprct I have on earth. I would
trample tlu'm all under my feet. I would aban-
don my place in this House; for public life has
for me no charm I would not gladly give up for
my country. I would abandon everything of the
kind if this Government could be restored. But
we know full well that if we pass these sweeping
confiscation and emancipation measures, it will
strengthen and band together every one engaged
in this rebellion. Why, sir, if Jeff Davis and his
cabinet had now the control of this matter, if they
could draw the bill and frame it forns, they would
ask nothing better than what has been proposed
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedg-
wick.] The unquestionable effect, I know, will
be to unite, as one man, these southern rebels, and
all our expenditure of blood and treasure will have
been in vain. Why, you do not want to exterm-
inate and kill them all off. If the Government
is ever to be restored, you must preserve the
Union feeling in the southern States. These very
measures, the tear of which drove them into re-
bellion, you propose now to inaugurate to bring
them back. How absurd! The effect will inev-
itably be to strengthen and bind together as one,
the whole of these southern men, and at the same
time weaken and divide the North.
Mark that. Do I want any better illustration
of that, than what I see upon this floor ? Let gen-
tlemen wake up and forget their passions. How
is it here ? Do we not see that the introduction of
these measures has brought upon us the most acri-
monious debate? Are not gentlemen at all times
strenuously and uncompromisingly opposed to
each other upon this floor? I do not allude to men
from the slave States only. Look to Massachu-
setts, to Indiana, to Illinois, to New York,and to
Pennsylvania, and from each of those States are
men who are strongly opposed to these measures,
as uncompromisingly opposed to them as I or any
other man. The effect, as we all see, is to divide
and distract our counsels in this very House; and
let the division of sentiment be as great in the
country as it is in this House, and what is to be-
come of the country ? Let the same division take
place in the North as is visible here, and you di-
vide and weaken the North, and array one party
against another; while, atthesametime,you unite
the South as one man.
I have been told repeatedly by reputable officers
from the North, that such would be the case, not
only as relates to the people at the North, but as
relates to the armies of the North. They tell me
that there is imminent danger if these measures
are petseveied in and carried out it will produce
a rebellion in the Army. They tell me that two
thirds of the soldiers say they entered this war
to fight for the Union, and that they will not be
dragooned into fighting for abolition.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I wish to inter-
pose a remark just here. I have frequently talked
with the soldiers of the northern States, and they
tell me, both officers and privates, that if they
are called upon to fight a war for emancipation of
the slaves, they will lay down their arms, and that
it would be a question of debate upon which side
they would fight if that weie announced as the
policy of the Government.
Mr. HARDING. That is the case I have no
doubt. 1 have been told so by men of high re-
spectability in the North. I know myself how it
is in the West. I know that in southern Illinois,
in Kentucky, in Indiana, m those central regions,
men have been led into this war for the Union.
You have given us pledges from the time of the
Chicago platform down to the present time, sol-
emn pledges as could be given, that this was not
to degenerate into a war of abolition; and in that
view the people of the country have taken up
arms to defend the Union. If the war is turned
into an abolition war, cannot they turn round and
proclaim that they were deluded, that they have
been led blindfolded into this war; and will they
not rebel and lay down their arms? You cannot
delude these common sense men. It would pro-
duce rebellion. With a rebellion in the northern
army, what would become of our country ?
Mr. LANSING. I desire to ask of the gentle-
man this single question: if these bills before the
House should become alaw, whether, in the judg-
ment of the gentleman, Kentucky would join the
rebellion ?
Mr. HARDING. I cannot undertake to an-
swer for Kentucky further than I myself am con-
cerned. I know this: I know I went home and
told my constituents that we had what we con-
sidered the sworn pledge of the North, as honest
men, that they could not legislate upon this sub-
ject; and when gentlemen asked me whether I be-
lieved that northern men would keep that pledge,
I felt somewhat indignant. 1 had so strong faith
in that pledge, that 1 asked them if they thought
it possible that men, who had solemnly sworn
that they had no legislative power over this sub-
ject, and had given their pledge that they would
not use such power, could possibly foiget and
trample under foot all their solemn pledges? I did
not myself think it possible for it ever to be made
a question here, whether these pledges were to be
kept. But if these bills are passed, how can i meet
my constituents? Do not you see that you vir-
tually give us the lie, and arm the secessionists
against us with the very arguments we have used
heretofore ?
What the State of Kentucky may do I cannot
say; but for myself, I have this to say: I have no
more hope of free government in the confederate
States than I have in the bloody States of Mexico,
where a Government rises in revolution to-day and
sinks and perishes in blood to-morrow. I never
can, therefore, unite my destiny with the confed-
erateStates. Butifyoupassthese measures which
you have sworn that you will not pass; if you
adopt the very thing, the fear of which drove the
South to rebelion, the voice of Henry Clay might
be evoked in vain to quell the storm. The storm
is rising now. I get letters every day, showing the
state of feeling which exists. I received one this
morning, and if I had time I would read extracts
from it. An intelligent man, who had been a stead-
fast secessionist, out had not joined the army,
heard of my complaint of him, and he wrote me
