1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68T
which exists for the legal tender clause. Still less
do I like to place the issues of the Government in
the hands of the brokers and money-lenders of
the country. Depreciated now, let the legal tender
clause fail, and mark the result to-morrow. The
Tieasury notes will fall from four pe-r cent, to fif-
teen and twenty-five below par, and the Govern-
ment will have to pay that percentage additional
for every article they purchase. Your soldiers
will be shaved that amount on their blood-bought
wages, and the country, flooded with a vast amount
of depreciated paper, will grow restless and dis-
contented under so fatal a mistake. If we make
the Government issues a legal tender, the demand
for specie will be so limited that they will main-
tain their value.
The measure before us, one of several necessary
to support the Government, comes to us with the
indorsement of the very able chief at the head of
the finances and the Committee of Ways and
Means. The country demands its passage. Too
much time has already been spent in its discus-
sion. Let us sustain the measure, and show the
country we are equal to our position.
One word more, Mr. Chairman. I trust during
the present session we shall introduce the most
complete and ample measures of reform in public
expenditures, and in the salaries of all Govern-
ment employes. Let us begin with our own pay,
by making a liberal reduction therefrom; and thus
placing ourselves right before the country, we can
introduce, with propriety, reform in the remuner-
ation of others.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that,
hy order of the House, the general debate upon
this bill is now closed.
Mr. SPAULDING. I have listened with agreat
deal of attention to the arguments and propositions
which have been submitted by the various gentle-
men who have addressed the House, but I shall
not now make the concluding speech. I shall
leave it to the able chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Moans to close the debate. If I may
be indulged, however, in a single remark, I desire
to say, m summing up, first, that all agree 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
If debate is closed by order of the House, the
remarks of the gentleman are out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, in
response to the gentleman from Illinois, that by
the rules and practice of the House the member
who has reported a bill always has a right to eon-
elude the debate on that bill, and has one hour for
that purpose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. But the gentleman is not
doing that, according to his own statement.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman is doing it.
Mr. SPAULDING. We all agree that taxa-
tion, in the various forms, must be imposed to the
amount of at h ast £,150,000,000, on which to rest
the credit of these notes and bonds, a sum suffi-
cient to pay the ordinary expenses of Government
on a peacc footing, the interest on all the war debt,
and a sinking fund to liquidate annually a portion
of the principal.
2. We all agree that hereafter the war muslbe
carried on principally upon the credit of the Gov-
ernment, and that paper in the form of notes and
bonds must be issued to an equally lura;e amount,
whichever plan is adopted. After deducting the
Bum raised by revenue, by taxation, and duties
on imports, the amount of paper to be issued can
only be limited by the actual expenses of the Gov-
ernment. The respective plans of Messrs. Vai.-
landigham, Conkling, and Morrill require the
same amount of paper to be issued as the legal
tender bill proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and supported by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
3. The main difference between the several plans
is, that the legal tender bill stamps the demand
notes as money, with the highest sanction of the
Government to circulate as a national currency,
the same as bank notes* in all the channels of trade
and business among all the people of the United
States; whilst all the other plans proposed con-
template the issue of an inferior currency, that
will not in my opinion circulate as money either
among the banks or the people, but will on the
contrary be depreciated and sold at a large discount
by all officers, soldiers, and others that are com-
pelled to receive it from the Government in pay-
ment for services, supplies, and materials fur-
nished. For myself, I prefer to issue the demand
notes, based on adequate taxation, and with the
"highest legal sanction that can be given to them
by the Government.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order. I
object to the gentleman's yielding the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. If objection is made, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot occupy the
floor. The gentleman from New York cannot
yield the floor to him except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust no objec-
tion will be made. Only the same time will be
consumed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I will withdraw the
objection.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, this bill is a
measure of necessity, notof choice. No one would
willingly issue paper currency not redeemable on
demand and make it a legal tender. It is never
desirable to depart from that circulating medium
which, by the common consent of cuvilized na-
tions, forms the standard of value. But it is not
a fearful measure; and when rendered necessary
by exigencies, it ought to producc no alarm.
The first inquiry then is, is this measure neces-
sary ? The late Administration left a debt of about
$100,000,000. It bequeathed us also an expensive
and formidable rebellion. This compelled Con-
giess, at its extra session, to authorize a loan of
$250,000,000—$100,000,000 of these wore taken
at seven and three tenths percent., and $50,000,000
of six per cent, bonds, at a discount of over
$5,000,000; $50,000,000wereused m demand notes
payable in coin, leaving $50,000,000 u ndisposedof.
Before the banks had paid much of the last loan
they broke down under it, and suspended specie
payments. They have continued to pay that loan,
not in com, but in demand notes of the Govern-
ment—that has kept them at par. Hut the last of
that loan was paid yesterday; and on the same day
the banks refused to leoeivc them. They must
now sink to depreciated currency. The remaining
$50,000,000 theSecretaiy of the .Treasury has been
unable to negotiate. A small portion of it, say
$10,000,000, has been issued at seven and three
tenths in payment of debts.
All this has been used; and there is now a
floating debt, audited and unaudited, of at least
$180,000,000. The Secretary intended to use the
balance of the authorized loan by paying it out to
creditors in notes of seven and three tenths; that
becoming known they immediately sunk four per
cent., and if he had peisevered it is believed they
would have rundown to ten percent.discount. But
even if these could be used (about $40,000,000)
there would remain due about $90,000,000, the
payment of which is urgently demanded. The
daily expenses of the Government are now about
$2,000,000. To cairy us on until the next meet-
ing of Congiess would take $600,000,000 more,
making, before legislation could be had at next
session, about $700,000,000 to be provided for.
We have already appropriated $350,000,000—
making our entire debt $1,050,000,000.
The giave question is, how can this large
amount be raised? The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has used his best efforts to negotiate a loan
of hut $50,000,000, and has failed. Several modes
of relief have been suggested; the most obvious
is to borrow on Government bonds, bearing an
interest of six pel cent. That it is known can
only he effected by putting the bonds into the
market to the highest bidder. If but a small sum
were wanted it might probably be had at a small
discount. But if sufficient to meet our wants up
to next December, or $700,000,000, wcie forced
into the market, as it is wanted, I have no doubt
they would sell as low as sixty percent., as in
the last English war; and even then it would be
found impossible to find payment in coin. A large
part of it must be accepted in the depreciated notes
of non-specie-paymg banks, for I suppose no one
expects the lesnmpfton of specie payments until
the war shall be ended. But as this Congress must
provide for appropriations to the end of the fiscal
year 1863, seven months more must be added to
these expenses. That would require $-120,000,000
added to these $700,000,000 before estimated, and
the aggregate would be $1,100,000,000. The dis-
count on that sum at foity per cent, would be
S440,000,000. At the minimum discount that
any reasonable man could fix, say twenty-five
per cent., it would be $375,0Gt),O(JO. It would,
therefore, require at least bonds to the amount of
$1,500,000,000 to producc sufficient currency to
make $1,100,900,000, and carry; us to the end of
the nextfiscal year. This sum is too frightful to
be tolerated.
Certain bankers have suggested that the imme-
diate wants of the Government might be supplied
by pledging seven and three tenths percent, bonds
with a liberal margin, payable in one year, to the
banks, who would advance a portion in gold and
the rest in currency. The effect would be that
Government would pay out to its creditors the
depreciated notes of non-specie-paying banks.
And as there is no probability that the pledges
would be redeemed when due, they would be
thrown into the market and sold for whatever the
banks might choose to pay for them. The folly of
this scheme needs no illustration.
Another is to strike out the legal tender clause,
and make them receivable for all taxes and pub-
lic dues; but it is not proposed to make any pro-
vision for redeeming them in coin on demand, I
do not believe that such notes would circulate any-
where except at a ruinous discount. No notes
not redeemable on demand, and not made a legal
tender, have ever been kept at par. Even those
who could use them for taxes and duties would
discredit them that they might get them low. If
soldiers, mechanics, contractors, and farmers,
were compelled to take them from the Government,
they must submit to a heavy shave before they
could use them. The knowledge that they were
provided for by taxation, and would surely be
paid twenty years hence, would not sustain them.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report,
recommended a scheme to produce a uniform na-
tional currency, and furnish a mnrketfor Govern-
ment bonds. It proposes that the banks shall re-
ceive theircirculation fiom the Government to the
amount of Government bonds pledged, with the
Treasury for their security; and that no more
notes should be issued than the par value of such
bonds, and should be redeemed by the banks. As
a general system of banking in ordinary times, it
might be very useful in regulating the currency,
and by the sale of the bonds the Government
might command com. But while the banks are
in suspension, it is not easy to sec how it would
relieve the Government. If the notes were pro-
cured it. must be by accepting payment by the
Government in depreciated circulation. How
would that be any better than the Government's
own notes? The security of the Government is
equal tothatof the banks,and would give as much
curiency. To the banks I can see its advant-
age. They would have the whole benefit of the
circulation without interest, and at the same time
would draw interest on the Government bonds
fi om the time they got the notes. Now, it is very
plain that, if the United States issued those notes
direct, they would have the benefit of the whole
circulation. In other words, it would be equal to
a loan, without interest, to the full amount of the
circulation. This project,therefore, however de-
sirable as a banking system, could afford no im-
mediate relief, especially ns it would afford no sale
for additional bonds, as the banks have already
as many as would form the basis of their opei-
atiuns. Having, as I think, shown the impossi-
bility of carrying on the Government in any other
way, let us briefly notice some of the objections
to it. First, is it constitutional ?
The power to emit bills of credit and make them
a legal tender is nowhere expressly given in the «
Constitution; but it is known that but few of the
acts which Government can perform are specified
in that instrument. It would require a volume
larger than the Pandects of Justinian or the Code
Napoleon to make such enumeration, whereas our
Constitution has but a few pages. Buteverything
necessary to carry out the granted powers of the
Government is not only implied but expressly
£iven to Congress. If nothing could be done by
Congress except what is enumerated in the Con-
stitution, the Government could not live a week.
The States are prohibited from making anything
but " gold and silver coin a tender in the payment
of debts:" but such prohibition does not extend
to Congiess. The Constitution is silent as to the
power of Congress over that subject. The whole
question of the right to emit bills of credit by Con-
gress wasconsidered in the convention thatframed
the Constitution. It was reported as a pa^rt of the
power to "borrow money." It was objected to
