1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
3 7th Cong. ... 2d Sess. Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Eichardson^-Mr. Dunlap.
Ho. of Keps.
to state that he loved this Union, and regarded it
above all other Governments the world ever saw;
and he said, " give me any assurance now that,
under the pretext of making a war to preserve the
Union, this is not to be a gigantic John Brown
raid, to destroy slavery in the South, then I am
for the Union, will fight for it, and spill the last
drop of blood I have for it."
Gentlemen, can you expect that the passage of
these measures will have any other effect than
what I have described? Look at the States of Illi-
nois, Indiana, and Kentucky. These States have
said in their constitutions that no free negroes
shall hereafter be allowed to settle within their
borders. Here you propose to emancipate all the
slaves of rebel masters, m defiance of all constitu-
tional provisions. You are legislating upon the
subject with a free and unsparing hand. But,
gentlemen, is there not something higher than
this which should occupy your minds? Throw
aside everything of resentment and passion. Look
to the future and not to the present. What can
you do with these slaves? You propose to un-
house them, with large families, aged and help-
less men and women and infant children, and
throw them suddenly upon the world without a
particle of property, and destitute of all political
and social rights and privileges. That is all a
magnificent humbug. If the question was now
for the first time made, whether slaves should be
brought into this country, perhaps no man would
use stronger arguments against it than I would.
But it is notnow an original question, and it must
be viewed in the light of a settled institution.
To emancipate such families of slaves as I have
described is to give them freedom stripped of every
thing but the name. They are a degraded class
at best. What do you purpose to do with them
to better their condition ? At a time when this
nation is reeling and staggering, like a drunken
man* under the crushing weight of the war debt,
the idea of imposing an additional burden of tax-
ation sufficient for the purpose of colonizing all
these slaves, is as wild as a madman's dream.
We know that the northern States will not assume
this additional burden. And if this policy shall
prove to be disastrous, our Government will sink,
and the last hope of fiee government in this coun-
try will utterly perish. Because if you divide and
distract the North and unite the South, my hopes
are gone. Some men are sanguine, i confess,
sir, tiiat I have been a little sanguine at times, but
exceedingly despondent at others.
What will be the effect of these measures of con-
fiscation and emancipation on the border States of
the South? I know that their effect will be to di-
vide the people and weaken the power of the Gov-
ernment. In my judgment, it is the weakest and
most disastrous poiicy ever thought of. Sir, the
tree of liberty, planted by the hand of the immor-
tal Washington—its thirsty roots watered by the
blood of our revolutionary sires—its young leaves
and tender branches bedewed by the tears of wid-
ows and orphans whose husbands and fathers had
fallen in battle—thus nourished, it took deep root—
its branches extended and towered until the op-
pressed of all nations gathered under it; and just
at the time when from its extended branches clus-
ters of ripe fruit are at the same moment falling
on the shores of the Atlantic and Pacific ocean,
the traitorous cry is heard: "Cut it down! why
cumbereth it the ground?" And now the great
question is, whether its sheltering branches shall
wave over our children for centuries to come, or
whether,by our madnessand folly,itshall fall and
perish, and the long night of despotism stietch
over posterity for ages and ages to come?
Sir, in my gloomiest moments for the fate of
this country—and I have many of them—still
when I looked back to the revolutionary struggle
of our fathers, I thought I saw evidence that this
free Government was established by Providence
for some great and grand design, perhaps not yet
accomplished. It has ever seemed to me that our
fathers were led on as certainly and securely as
were the children of Israel. When ourfatheis
came up from the led sea of the Revolution, and
were passing through the dark and bloody wilder-
ness, though the smitten rock was notseen to pour
forth its waters to give them drink, though the
manna was not seen to fall from Heaven to give
them bread, and though the pillar of cloud by day
and of fire by night was not seen to move .before
them, still they were safely led on by an invisible
hand. And if the design of that AlKvise Being,
in the establishment of this free Government, is
not yet accomplished, then we shall, pass through
the storm, and all will yet be safe; and in that
rests my ultimate hope. But, sir, there is a fear-
ful responsibility resting upon us, and we should
be ready to make concessions of every sort to
each other in order to preserve this Government.
We shall prove ourselves to be a degenerate race,
and the future historian will brand us as a degen-
erate race, if we have not the prudence and wis-
dom to preserve and transmit this Government to
posterity.
Sir, rather lot my tongue cleave to the roof of
my mouth, and my right hand forget its cunning,
than do anything to jeopardize this great Govern-
ment, fraught with all the rich blessings of civil
and religious liberty. Whenever, in the history
of the past, any people, blessed with good govern-
ment, have, in their madness and folly, crucified
and destroyed it, the curse of Ileaven seems to
have rested upon them. And rest assured, if by
rash policy our constitutional liberty shall fall, it
will know no resurrection morn. No angel foini
will ever descend to roll away the stone where the
mangled body of constitutional liberty sleeps—it
will sleep, and sleep on, an eternal sleep. And
yet, sir, upon a great question like' this, gentlemen
Ij^re seem to be thinking about their own personal
success, and little matters of policy. Oil, how 1
long to see the day when men can rise up to the
importance of this great question, and cast aside
every party and peisonal consideration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
CONFISCATION OF KEBEJ, PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. RICHARDSON,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of riiriiesextativks,
May 24, 18G2.
^ Jt
The IIoino having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the piopeity and fiee fiora seivitufle the slaves of
rebels-
Mr. RICHARDSON said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 propose to reply to a single
point which has arisen during the progress of this
debate.
Republican members have frequently quoted
Judge Douglas within the last few days, and quot-
ed him, too, for their own party purposes. And
now I desire to remind them and the country that
in all his speeches in reference to this war Judge
Douglas took the broad and statesmanlike posi-
tion that this war should be conducted for the
preservation of the Constitution and the enforce-
ment of the laws; for nothing more, nothing less.
His position is so clearly defined that a few brief
extracts from his last speeches will at once vin-
dicate the truth of histoiy, and place him in the
proper light before his countrymen. At Spring-
Held, Illinois, in a speech made before the Legis-
lature dui ing the month of May, 1861, he said:
"The fir.st duty of an American citizen, or of a citizen
of any constitutional Government, is obedience to the Con-
stitution and I.uvs of his country. J have no appichcr^ion
that any man in Illinois or beyond the limits of our own
beloved State, will imscontme or misunderstand my mo-
tive. So far as any of the partisan qne&uons .are concerned,
I Mand in equal, eternal, and undying opposition to the
Republicans and the secessionists."
And again in the same speech, he remarks:
" Hence I repeat that I am not prepaied to take tip arm?
or to ^auction a policy of oui Government to take up aims
to make any war upon the lights ot the southern Slates;
upon their in&utatioris 5 upon their rights of pcr-ons or
pioperty; but, on the contrary, would iu>h to their defence
and pioteet them from assault; but while that is the ca«e
I will never cease to uigv my countrymen to take up aims
to fight to the death in defense of our indefeasible jjrrhic.
("Long continued applause.] Hence it a wai does come, it
is a war of self-detent on our pait. It is a war in deienf-e
of our own just rights; in defence oft ho Government winch
wc have inherited as a puceless legacy from our patriotic
fathers; in delenseo! tho-,e great rights of freedom oftiade,
commerce, transit, ami iuteieoui>e fiom the center to the
circumfeience of dui great continent. These are rights we
must struggle fur and never surrendei."
And in the last great effort of his life, his speech
at Chicago, made but a few days prior to his
death, he said:
<{ We must not invade constitutional right?. The Inno-
cent must not suffer, nor women and children be the vic-
tims. Savages must not be let loose."
Neither Republican members nor Republican
officials anywhere can find anything in the above
extracts, nor in any speech or letter of Judge
Douglas, which will justify them in the slightest
violation of the Constitution. On the contrary,
every act of his public life, and even his dying
injunction to his children, condemns unequivo-
cally all the unconstitutional legislation which you
propose, and all the unconstitutional acts of which
your party officials have been guilty.
The Republican party, through its President,
through this House, and through the Senate, had
given a construction to the Constitution showing
the absencc of power to pass just such bills as you
are now advocating and intending to pass. In his
inaugural address, after having taken his solemn
oath to support the Constitution, Mr. Lincoln
said:
"I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to intcifero
with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists.
I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no in-
clination to do so."
The House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, a majority of whose members
were Republican's, passed the following resolu-
tion unanimously:
kC That neither the Congress of the United States nor tho
people or government of the non-slavoholdmg States have
the eonMiiutional right to legislate upon, or interfere with,
slaveiy in any of the siavcholding Stated in tlie Union."
By the organicacts of the Territories of Nevada,
Colorado, and Dakota, the Republican party, by
its own legislation, had recognized and approved
the doctrine of popular sovereignty, which Judge
Douglas regarded as essential to the removal from
these Halls of the mostdislurbing question of the
cou ntry.
I do not presume that when Jud^e Douglas thus
strongly asserted the necessity of maintaining in-
violate the Constitution of his country that lie for
a moment suspected that you would ever attempt
the violation of the pledges which your Repub-
lican Congress had given the people, and which
your Republican Piesidcnt has reiterated. Hut
the bills now under consideration propose to vio-
late not only^our pledges but at the same time
the Constitution. You forget your promises; you
advocate these bills, and uige their passage through
this House.
CONFISCATION OF KEBEL PROPERTY".
SPEECH OF HON. O. W. DUNLAP,
OF KENTUCKY,
In tiie House of Representatives,
May 24, 18G2.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the piopeity and free from seivitude the slaves of
rebels-
Mr. DUNLAP said:
Mr. Splakeu: Numerous bills and joint reso-
lutions similar to those now under consideration
were pending in this House on the 31st of January
last, when I had the pleasure of addiessitig the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
At the close of my remarks then published, lex-
pressed a wish to discuss anothertopic, which was
exciting much interest in the public mind, but a
rule of the House limiting my time forbade the
performance of the task. 1 allude to the confisca-
tion bill.
Confiscation and emancipation are not synony-
mous or convertible terms, yet the zealous advo-
cates of each have labored faithfully to embody
them both in the generic term of the former. Con-
fiscation is but the forfeiture of estate to the public
use by virtue of the acts of the owner, which the
law condemns and affixes the penalty. We are,
then, prompted to inquire what acts can superin-
duce the confiscation and forfeiture of estate. The
Constitution defines the crime ot treason thus:
" Treason against the United States shall consist only in
levying wai <igaim>t them, or in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and coinloit."
The penalty for treason bplongs to tho legisla-
tive department, under certain restrictions and lim-
itations contained in the supieme law:
" The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason; but no attainder ot treason shall worn cor-
