2670
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
nutted ki the State of Virginia or South Carolina
by a soldier: how are we to try the offender? If
we try him by the laws of Virginia or South Car-
olina, we must have a State cour.t, and a jury
composed of citizens of the State in which the
offense was committed. He cannot be tried be-
fore a district court of the United States, because
the offense charged is not a crime by the criminal
code of the United States, but an offense by the
military law. He may, however, be guilty of an
offense against the State law. If a soldier goes
from his camp and steals the property of a citi-
zen, he is liable to be punished by.military trial,
and at the same time, if the courts of the State
can obtain jurisdiction of1us person prior to the
court-martial, he can be punished by the State
tribunals. That question was settled in the cele-
brated Mackenzie case.
It was also settled in a case tried in Texas where
an officer of the Army killed another officer. The
State courts took jurisdiction of the case, and a
verdict of acquittal was rendered, unrighteously,
as it was thought at the time. The case attracted
considerable attention, and it was the opinion of
high jurists that this officer could not afterwards
have "been tried by a court-martial, because a court
of competentjurisdiction had already tried the ac-
cused. I am not prepared to say that injustice
may not have been done to some of the men con-
fined in the penitentiary. There are some mili-
tary crimes for which the penalty of death might
be inflicted. There is no limitation or extent to
the punishment. The punishment prescribed by
the rules and articles of war is death, orsuch pun-
ishment as the court-martial may impose. On
some of the persons now confined in the peniten-
tiary the court-martial might have imposed the
punishment of death; but they chose to deal more
leniently, and changed the sentence into impris-
onment for a period of time. The question then
arises where they are to be imprisoned. They
may have been sentenced to imprisonment and
hard labor. Where is that sentence to be carried
out? Recollect, too, that these men have been
tried by officers of the volunteer corps, and not
by officers of the regular Army, and have thus
been convicted of the offenses of which they stand
charged. Now, sir, 1 am unwilling to interfere
with the decisions of the courts that have proper
cognizance of the cases brought before them. I
am unwilling to reverse their proceedings until I
have evidence presented to me that wrong has
been done, and that I have right to legislate in the
manner proposed. We ought not rashly to inter-
fere with the judgments or sentences of courts
which have proper jurisdiction of the person and
the offense.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do notwantto
weaken the military authority of the country or
in any way to impair the discipline of the Army.
I believe that ail that is consistent with some re-
gard for the character of the soldier. What 1
complain of is the subjection ofa soldier, for a mil-
itary offense, to the infamous punishment which
belongs only to offenders in civil life. It is not that
soldiers should not be punished for military of"
fenses,and confined, perhaps,as longasthose men
now in confinement in the penitentiary are sen-
tenced; but a man should not be conlined for a
military offense m a prison erected for, and de-
voted to, the confining of offenders against the
civil law.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to add
one word of explanation in reference to the pro-
ceedings of courts-martial. The defendant has
two opportunities of having his case considered,
one before the court-martial which tries him,and
the other by thecommandmg officer who ordeied
the court, because judgment cannot be enforced
unless it is approved by him; and if any enors or
irregularities in the proceedings be pointed out to
him he will annul the finding of the coutt and
order a new trial to be had. It is for these rea-
sons that 1 think we should not incumber this bill
with an additional section, involving at least a
censure not only on every court-mai tial but on
the President of the United States, who is Com-
mander-in-Chtef, for allowing soldiers who have
been convicted to ho longer confined.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to state, lather in ad-
dition to the remarks of the gentleman from Mis-
souri than as anything original of my own, that
the House has already adopted a resolution ask-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish it with a copy
of the proceedings in each case where soldiers are
confined in the penitentiary. That information
has not yet been supplied. I desire to say, fur-
ther, that not only is the War Department mak-
ing up the records in the cases of those convicted,
but it will also submit to the House the proceed-
ings of every court-martial, so that Congress may
act deliberately in this matter. The record is to
be also accompanied by the opinion of the Attor-
ney General on the subject. About that there is
an infamy, and on him there comes a badge of
infamy which follows him through all his life. A
soldier may suffer a penalty inflicted according to
military law. A man may be willing to be shot,
and to have his children know that he has been
shot, in obedience to the sentence of acourt-mar-
tial, but to be hanged like a felon tried in a civil
court is quite another thing; or to be sentenced to
a State prison for an offense for which he could
well and properly have been confined in the guard-
house, is quite another thing. It is not that for
which men have enlisted. There is not one of
them who supposed he subjected himself to any
such penalty as that-.
1 have no desire to enter into a discussion with
the gentleman from Missouri or with my learned
colleague on the question of the legality of those
proceedings. I have confidence that they are just
as my colleague says, although I have not exam-
ined them. It struck me when I heard of it as
something monstrous, that a man could be tried
for a military offense by court-martial and be sen-
tenced precisely as he could be for burglary, or
an assault and battery, or for obscene conversa-
tion in the streets, or for night walking. But it
may be as my colleague says. All that I have to
say about it is that it is high time it was corrected.
It should not have been tolerated one moment
that a soldier, for no other than a military offense,
should be incarcerated in a prison along side of
convicts from a State court. Let him be tried by
the military form,and sentenced and punished as
a military man. Then the military pride, the
esprit de corps, is not lost, and the man goes home
not broken down in spirit for having been com-
pelled to serve out his time in a penitentiary by
the side of those who have committed infamous
offenses.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I am very glad of the op-
portunity to vote for this section as it stands and
against the motion to strike it our. Unless this
Congress does something to protect the rights of
the private soldier, they will be oppressed unjustly
in the future as they are now.
Not more than three or four days ago soldieis
belonging to the volunteer tegiments of the dif-
feient States were discharged from the hospitals
of this city,supposing they were able to join their
regiments. The colonel of a regiment of this Dis-
trict ordered them into his regiment, and because
they refused to go, drew a pistol and threatened
to shoot one of them. The gentleman from Wis-
consin and myself went to the War Department
and procuied an order that a stop be put to these
proceedings. Otherwise these soldiers from the
different States would have been detached under
the authority of this colonel from their legitimate
regiments, and attached to this regiment of the
District.
Now, sir, I mention this instance as a sample
of the injustice to which our volunteers aie some-
times subjected. I do not object to discipline; I
want it enforced; but I do not want our volun-
teers incarcerated in penitentiaries with common
thieves and felons. I have too high a sense of
appreciation for their services. 1 have two sons
in the service, and if they have done anything
worthy of it, let them be tried by a court-martial
and shot, rather than be incarcerated in a peinten-
| tiary with those who have made themselves m-
i famous under the civil law.
i 1 think it is time that Congress interfered in
ihr* matfei; I hope we shall adopt this bill as it
j came from the Senate.
j Air. SHEFFIELD. I presume every gentle-
| man in tins House is in favor of legislation upon
thus subject, but it seems to me that the proposi-
tion contained in the section now under consid-
eiation is inadequate to meet the exigencies of the
case, I therefore piopose to gentlemen upon ail
sides, that we allow this section to be stneken
I out, and that the gentleman who has charge of
I this bill yield the floor for me to offer a resolution
' that the Committee on the Judiciary report to the
House on Friday morning, a bill providing that
hereafter no court-martial shall be authorized to
sentence any person to the penitentiary for a vio-
lation of military law, and providing for the dis-
charge from the penitentiary of such as have
already been committed there by counts-martial
for crimes which are not by the common law in-
famous. It seems to me that would meet the
exigencies of the case.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. What would the
gentleman do in the case of a soldier w,ho has been
convicted by a court-martial of a crime equal to
grand larceny in our civil tribunals?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 would turn him over to
the civil authorities and try him for the offense.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. How can you
turn over to the civil tribunal a man who is sub-
ject only to military law, and who has, for in-
stance, stolen from a fellow soldier or killed a
soldier?
Mr. SHEFFIELD.. If he has killed a soldier,
I would try him under military law, and deal sum-
marily with him. I would settle his case for him
before he goes to prison. But if he has been
guilty of grand larceny, I would sentence him to
the common jail, or to some place where he can
be safely kept until he can be tried by the courts.
I know very well the character of many of these
military officers, and I do not think they should
be charged* with the fixing of penalties for such
crimes as this. I ask the gentleman to yield for
the purpose of enabling me to offer the resolution
I have suggested.
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not see how
that can be done, pending the bill under consider-
ation.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could hardly per-
mit it even then, for the business of the House
would get into inextricable confusion.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I wish to say,
injustice to the majority of the committee who
directed this amendment to be reported, that the
committee were of the opinion that legislation
upon this subject was imperatively demanded, but
that this section of the bill was not adequate to
meet the exigencies of the case; that inasmuch as
the House had passed a resolution calling for in-
formation upon the subject, and inasmuch as the
committee knew the fact to be that copies of these
convictions and of the evidence upon which these
men were convicted is now being prepared, and
probably at this moment ready to be sent to the
House, it would be better, instead of tacking the
matter on to a bill to which it is not at all germane,
that we should have the opportunity of legislating
intelligently upon this important matter when it
should come legitimately before us after the in-
formation called for by the resolution of the House
should be before us.
Mr. TRAIN. I desire for the present to with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the previous ques-
tion on striking out the third section of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DELANO called for tellers on the motion
to strike out.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Shanks and
Delano appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayps 32, noes 66.
So the section was not stricken out.
Mr. TRAIN. I now renew my amendment in
reference to abolishing the office of clerk for the
penitentiary as an independent section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third lime.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to with-
draw the previous question, to aliow me to move
to postpone the consideration of this bill until to-
morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. DELANO. 1 withdraw for that purpose.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. In moving to
postpone, aliow me to say, that the information
showing what these men are confined for will
undoubtedly be furnished very soon; and as it is
believed some of them are confined for very high
crimes, I think we ought to know at least what
