190
APPENDIX .TO THE CONGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Dv/nlap.
Ho. or Reps.
ruption of Wood, or forfeiture, except during the life of the
person attainted."
Why was tilts restriction placed upon the legis-
lative power in affixing penalties for this crime?
The rigid exactions of the English law, in their
practical operations, had impressed the human
heart with the crucifies attendant upon the punish-
ments inflicted by involving the innocent in the
unholy sacrifice. The wise counselors and fram-
ers of our organic law, looking back upon the
cruelties of monarchical requisitions, resolved to
mitigate the harshness of the practical rule, and
incorporated the mild and benign provision above.
Judge Story, in his Commentaries upon the
Constitution, says:
" It is well known that corruption of Wood, and forfeiture
of the estate of the offender, followed as a necessary con-
sequence at the common law,upon every attainder of trea-
son. By corruption of blood, all inimitable qualities are
destroyed. In addition to this, the person attainted forfeits
all his lands and tenements which he possc^es, relating
back to the lime of the treason committed, iWd all bisgoods
and chattels from the time ot'his conviction."
It is manifest that the preceding quotations con-
template a judicial attainder, a trial and convic-
tion for treason. No seizure of a mail's estate
can be had upon the speculation that he is a trai-
tor, and then confiscated without duo proceedings
touching his guilt. I do not gainsay the right of
temporary seizure, and the holding until judicial
action can be had against the alleged offender; but 1
do resist the seizure and confiscation without con-
viction. The bill before us proceeds in rem against
the property, not the person. It personifies the
inanimate thing, and condemns it to the public use
as if it had guilty vitality, and suffers the owner
to go unpunished. Why is the thing confiscated ?
It must be because of guilt in the occupant or
owner. Suppose the estate of an alleged rebel
is seized and confiscated to the public use, the
items of property scattered into divers hands, and
subsequently the owner is tried for the offense of
treason and acquitted: where is your power of
restoration to him you have thus injured? You
cannot congregate his scattered effects; you can-
not pay him in money ; the property has been
sacrificed; officers have been paid out of its pro-
ceeds; your Treasury, the recipient of a limited
sum, cannot return him the real value of his loss.
Some heirloom, some cherished gift of a fond
mother, some beloved object of priceless value,
may have fallen a victim in this crusade against
property, never to bo restored, " even many days
hence."
By the act of 1790, the punishment of treason
is death. No lesser penalty will satisfy the law.
Although Congress had the power to add to this
penalty forfeiture of estate during the life of the
guilty one, found such by due process of law and
conviction, it has never yet been incorporated in
our statutes. We may mitigate the penalty for
treason by commuting the punishment to impris-
onment for life, or for a term of years. It has not
been done. The object of all law is to punish the
guilty, not the innocent. If the parent suffer the
penalty of death for his attempt to destroy his
Government, the guilty has suffered. Will you
attaint his blood, and visit his guilt upon his in-
nocent and helpless offspring by stripping them
of the nourishment of life? You answer no, be-
cause there is a constitutional inhibition.
But I insist that the bill before us does even
more than this. You strip the parent himself, his
wife and children, of ihe comforts of life, yea, the
bed upon which they rest their wearied limbs, the
cradle that svoos helpless mnoceney to balmy
sleep, and turn them out wanderers upon a desert"
waste, upon the allegation that the father is a rebel.
You give him no trial; you convict him not; you
listen to none of the palliations that might redeem
him from his apparentrebelliousposition. I offer
no apology for treason. The fomenter and con-
spirator that conceived and brought forth in in-
iquity the wickedness that lurked in his traitorous
bosom, and developed it in his attempt to involve
in one common ruin thirty millions of happy peo-
ple, must have meted out to him that condign pun-
ishment which namre and nature's God and the
insulted iuws demand.
But should it be so with all, even though they
be in arms? Does not humanity answer, no?
When Tennessee, unembarrassed, was called to
the polls to speak for the Union or against it, her
voice by seventy thousand majority was heard to
cry aloud, in the language of the hero of the Her-
mitage, "the Union must be preserved." Even
then, with the million against it, her demagogues,
party leaders, and ambitious conspirators were
plotting treason in the halls of legislation. The fatal
die was cast, the bond of Union was pronounced
broken, and an appeal made to the people for an
indorsement of the act. The Gulf States pouted in
their hordes of armed men, and overwhelmed the
citizen with a military despotism. Ihe elective
franchise was exercised with sheer mockery, and
by a minority vote one star was stricken from the
galaxy of States at the behest of this political
heresy of secession. To-day, four fifths of the
people are in arms. Conscription laws, fear for
personal safety, duress, and false imprisonment,
have nominally fixed the destiny of her people.
Where now is her large UnioYi sentiment? It is
stifled by surrounding circumstances, and hedged
in by a false power that overwhelms it. Are all
such disloyal ? None escape the forfeiture in this
bill. The "pound of flesh" must be yielded up.
But Congress shall have no power to pass any
"bill of attainder" or "ex post facto law." Here
the eminent jurist, Judge Story, with singular
perspicuity comments :
"Bills of attainder, as thoy are technically called, arp
such special acts of the Legislature as inflict capital punish-
ments upon persons supposed to be guilty of high offenses,
such as tieasou and felony, without any conviction in the
ordimuy couise of judicial proceedings. It an act inflict?
a milder degree of punishment than death, it is called a hill
of pains and penalties. But in the s>ense of the Constitu-
tion, it seems that hills of attainder include bills of pains
and penalties; for the Supreme Couit have said,< a bill of
attainder may affect the hie of an individual, or may con-
fiscate his property, or both.'"
Again:
  No man shall be deprived ot his life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law."
The bill before us deprives the citizen of his
property, simply by its own enactment, without
judicial process and without any trial whatever of
the alleged rebel by a jury of his peers. The prop-
erty, and not the person, is the subject of denun-
ciation. Graspfflg, indeed, must be that Govern-
ment which would involve in one common ruin
one fourth of its people, by reducing them to pen-
ury and want; and that, too, without a hearing.
The doctrine to me is monstrous, without a con-
stitutional guarantee for its guidance or its con-
summation. With the crime of treason defined,
the penalty fixed by law under constitutional
restraints, the limit of our power is confiscation
during the life of the offender upon judicial attaint:
" The light to forfeit is an incident ineiely to the power
to punish guilt. The puilt cannot be ascertained by the
Legislature, uor othmvi&e than by a duect criminal pro-
ceeding, and a judicial determination theieou."
Again: will the proposed confiscation hasten
the termination of the war? Will it woo and win
back the erring rebel, or exasperate him to deeds
of deeper malignity? I am answered by some
that his hate to the Union cannot be increased or
enlarged, by others that the utterance of the sen-
timent is but a phantasy. Dispassionately, what
will be the practical result of such a sweeping act?
Will destitution produce love or hate towards the
power that drives to want? When we have beg-
gared a people, what inducement is left to invite a
return to loyalty? The misery wrought will con-
ccntrateand consolidate as one man all who have
fallen victims to the common power, and enkindle
anew every dormant energy against the oppress-
or's hand. The seeds of discord and hate will be
sown in the young hearts that now cannot appre-
ciate a wrong, and untold generations will culti-
vate the feeling of revenge. If there be those above
all others who have felt the pangs and smarts of
secession, in us bitterness of wrongs committed
in devastating a beautiful and happy country by
plundering the wealth of its citizens, the border
States stand forth as the greatest sufferers. True
to their loyalty and love of country, while they
would dispute every inch of ground and repel
the mvadet of their soil at the cost of their warm
heart's blood, they will not sacrifice a great prin-
ciple of constitutional right to accomplish an end
fatal to ultimate national prosperity. Our Union
must be restored. We have but one light to our
pathway in its accomplishment—adherence im-
plicitly to the Constitution.
Lest, howe.ver, the term confiscation should
prove ineffectualin its far-reachingpower to accom-
plish that great desideratum—the emancipation
of the slaves of rebels—a bill with provisions com-
mensurate with the necessity forms another link*
in the great design of terminating the war. Hap-
py, thrice happy, is he whose mental vision can
lift the vail and see his country redeemed by this
liberating process. The emancipation of rebels'
slaves is total freedom to the race. The demoral-
izing effects of liberating a part, to mingle with
the residue of the slave population, will dissatisfy
them, and work interminable mischief and ultimate
rum. The boon of freedom, with beggary and
starvation, will be but the stepping-stone to de-
struction. By the census of 1860, we_ have one
million of slaves over fifty and under six years of
age, whose support, as a class, must be a tax upon
the bounty of the public. The philanthropy of
the age provides no means of sustenance to this
class ana no homes for the residue. Wanderers
through the land, charity, cold and calculating,
cannot lend them even a helping hand. Will
you affix to the bill a clause ofcolonization ? W"ill
you transport, at public expense, this population
proposed to be redeemed from bondage? A sink-
ing Treasury answers, no. Will you distribute
them, when franchised, pro rata, according to
Federal population, among ihe free States? You
hurl back the proposition as preposterous, be-
cause already constitutional barriers have been
interposed to their admission. Will you trample
upon the State constitutions, whose provisions
prohibit emancipation without colonization ? You
profess to love the slave States, ahd desire a res-
toration of the Union upon the principles of the
Constitution. Then why not consider their in-
terests and respect their local laws ? These should
be grave questions, and not the sport of an hour.
With pledges sactedly recorded in the book of
time, the dominant political party of the day an-
nounced with unanimity the following, in F^)ru-
ary, 1861:
" Resolved, That neither the Federal Government nor the
people 01 governments of thenon-slaveholding States have
a puipose oraconstitution.il right to legislate upon or inter-
feie with slavery in any of the States of the Union."
Will you answer, this was the policy in time of
pcace? I respond, already had seven States nom-
inally seceded from the Union, the Star of the West
had been driven back to sea by warlike demon-
strations, and the dark night of portending war
hung like a pall upon our national horizon. Yield-
ing, however, to your pacific intentions when the
sentiment above was recorded, I will bear you
gently through the course of time to 22d July last,
when war, with all its dread consequences, swept
over the land, when our national arms were borne
down by superior numbers, in solemn council the
following resolution met with universal sanction:
" Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United Slates, That "the present deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the country by the disunionistsof the
southern States, now in revolt against the constitutional
Government and in arms aiound the capital; that in this
national emergency Congress, bam&hiug all leelmgs of mere
passion or resentment, will recollect only its duty to the
whole country; that this war is not waged on their part m
any spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest or
subjugation, nor purpose ofoverthiowmgor mterfei ing with
the lights or established institutions of those States, but to
defend and maintain the supremacy of the Confutation, and
to preserve the Union with ail the dignity, equality, and
rights ot the several States unimpaired; and that as soon
as these objects are accomplished, the war ought to cease."
Then you were opposed to " overthrowing or
interfering with tha rights or established institu-
tions of the States," while to-day all the guaran-
tees of the past pledges of non-interference are
forgotten, the obligation to support the Constitu-
tion upon which you based this non-intervention
is disregarded, and the voices then heard in behalf
of private and sacred rights are now clamorous
for their invasion. As early as 1790, our prede-
cessors announced that they "had no authority
to interfere for the emancipation of slaves within
any of the States." The wisdom of the past
seventy years, commencing with the birth of our
Constitution, developing itself in the action of its
framers,breathingits true spirit, has at last yielded
to stern necessity, the offspring of cruel persecu-
tion. The pledges of the past were the hopes of
the border States m this their peculiar crisis.
Their orators and advocates pointed with pride to
security against an invasion of their rights, sanc-
tioned by time and the ties of kindred associa-
