1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
31th Cons....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Clements.
Ho. of Reps.
tions. Pass the bills under consideration, and we
enter upon a new life. A new stage is erected
before us, and upon it, for weal or for woe, we
will have to encounter the realities of an untried
experiment.
A fatal delusion has seized the public mind.
Unwise and impolitic legislation has disturbed
past security; private rights are disregarded, and
the capital of the nation is surrounded with daily-
scenes that threaten the safety of the citizcn. The
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia
has made it the refuge and asylum for the escaped
slave, and the daring adventurer in search of his
property finds a prison for his temporary home.
Private property has been taken without just com-
pensation,and even then not appropriated to pub-
lic use. The slave set free by our legislation has
been made a competent witness against his former
master, to establish his disloyalty, and upon such
testimony the gratuity or pittance allowed for his
property is denied him. The doctrine of the abo-
lition of color in the transmission of the mails
has been announced in solemn council in the other
end of the Capitol; but it met with prompt dis-
approbation by the people's Representatives. This
act, praiseworthy in its character, constituted a
gleam of hope againstdangerous legislation. Ex-
pressly repudiating the power of the Federal Gov-
ernment to legislate touching the rights of master
and servant in the States, a special committee has
been raised to inquire into and report on the pro-
priety of the emancipation of slaves in the border
States. With such legislation, no one can be
" blind to the signs of the times." Unity of sen-
timent, so essential to the accomplishment of
the great goal to which we are all tending, has
yielded unwilling obedience to sectional action.
Ours is a common cause, and in this time of peril
the heart of the nation should pulsate as the heart
of one individual. Let the Union constitute the
elevated aim of our proudest aspirations, and with
an eye single to its restoration let us adhere with
unyielding tenacity to our constitutional obliga-
tions, and legislate for our whole country, the
brightest, best, and freest home of God's gift to
man.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. A. J. CLEMESfTS,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House op Representatives,
May 24, 18G2.
T1^3 House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the propei ty and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. CLEMENTS said:
Mr. Speaker: In this day and hour of our
country's greatest trial for self-preservation and
the maintenance of free and popular government,
when contending with one of the most causeless
and formidable rebellions the world has ever seen,
I deem it to be my duty, as a member of this
House, to raise my voice in behalf of the liberties
of the people, and especially of those of my own
State. Amidst all the untold sufferings visited on
them, a majority are still loyal to the Government
of their fathers and the cause of liberty. Al-
though civil war has been for the last ten months
sweeping over that State, and destroying the prop-
erty and liberties of the people, spreading devas-
tation throughout its length and breadth, they
still remember their duty to the Government that
has always given them protection.
In the present struggle for the preservation of
the Union, they are ready and willing to give
their all in support of the Government, and for
the expulsion of the last vestige of treason from
the continent.
In the grand army of near seven hundred thou-
sand volunteers that are now in the " tented field,"
undergoing all the hardships that belong to the
soldier's life, I am proud to know that there are
among them several thousands of Tennessceans,
as noble patriots as ever fought in behalf of the
cause of freedom. I also feel additional pride m
the fact that from my own county of Macon not
less than two thirds of its adult male citizens are
numbered in their ranks. In this conflict, the
political problem that has so long convulsed the
world, as to what kind of government should rule
over mankind, is to be solved; and the fact will
be demonstrated to the world that monarchy and
despotism shall no longer be the ruling powers,
but that republican Government shall from this
time hence be maintained. I am proud to beable
to say that Tennessee has in part, and is ready to
furnish her full quota of troops to engage in this
bloody struggle, and to assist in settling this long-
disturbing question in behalf of the right of the
people to self-government.
After the rebellion is put down, the question as
to how the Government shall treat those who have
taken up arms against its authority seems to !>e one
of the greatest interest to all true lovers of their
country; and as it is a question of so much im-
portance to discharge our duties as the Represent-
atives of the people, we should give it our most
candid consideration, and look to the Constitution
and the laws by which to determine our action.
In the light of these we see that we have no right to
confiscate property beyond the lifetime of the per-
son guilty of treason. That this is the case, every
member of this House is well aware, and all will
agree that it is a wise provision of the Constitu-
tion. But that Congress has power to confiscate
during the life of the offender, (through the legal
process of law,) the property of all persons com-
mitting treason against the Government, no one
can dispute. But, under the present circum-
stances, is it wise to do so? All,I believe, would
unite in saying it is not.
There is nota Government of any importance in
the great family of nations that would bring so
many people into ruin by confiscation. And
should the great American Republic do an act that
the Governments she claims to be an example to
would not do? I think she should not!
The first or fundamental principle upon which
our Government was founded, was that of the
political rights of man, or, as stated in the Decima-
tion of Independence, it was " that all men are
created equal; that they are endowed by their Cre-
ator with certain inalienable rights; that among
these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness." These aie the principles "upon which our
Government'was organized, and which were em-
bodied in the Constitution. It was the design of
the framers of that instrument to establish a sys-
tem of Government based upon the will of the
people; and instead of making the will of the
people comply with the Constitution and the laws,
they ordained that the Constitution and the laws
should comply with the will of the people. The
powerof the Constitution of the United States and
those of the States are separate and distinct from
each other. Where the one ends the other be-
gins, and each is paramount in its own sphere, or,
more correctly speaking, has complete jurisdic-
tion, and neither has a light to interfere with the
laws of the other.
The Constitution expressly says that a person
shall not be put twice in jeopardy of life and limh
for the same offense. That a person cannot by
the same act lay himself liable to double punish-
ment by the laws of one of the States and those of
the United States, is so clear as not to be disputed.
And if a person cannot m the same act violate the
laws of the United States and those of a State, it
must follow that it would be incompatible with
the principles of the Government to say that the
judicial authorities of each take cognizance of the
same offense; if they did so, we would haveacon-
solidated Government, or something worse. But
that is not the case. We have two systems of
government in one, and where one has authority
the other has no authority.
That the real intention of the Constitution is to
recognize the laws of the Slates as being para-
mount to all others in their own spheies, <>r that
their jurisdiction is exclusive as it regards their
local affairs, is admitted on all hands; and it is
equally clear that the Government has no right in
any manner whatever to invade or interfere with
these local rights of the States; but it has never
been disputed that the Federal Government is
bound to protect the Slates m the enjoyment of
their constitutional rights.
The Union at present is composed of thirty-
four States, each State, to a greater or less extent,
has climate, soil, and mineral wealth, varying
from the others; some having iron, some coal,
some adapted to the growth of corn and wheat,
some«to rice, cotton, and sugar, and others to the
raising of cattle, sheep, and other animals. And,
as a general thing,each State has in some respects
peculiar natural resources of wealth; and there-
lore the framers of the Constitution, in their wis-
dom, gave to each State complete legislative power
to enact and execute its osvn laws, subject to the
limitations of that instrument. They believed the
people of each Slate knew better what laws would
invite a development of their resources than per-
sons residing in parts of the country remote from
them, and possessing different interests, and vary-
ing in soil and productions. And upon this sys-
tem ot equal local rights, as a basis, rests our na-
tional Constitution—the supreme law of the land.
1 his Constitution institutes a Government for
purposes common to all the States. It controls
the foreign relations, and the inter-State rela-
tions. It declares war, makes treaties of peace
and commerce. It has the exclusive right of coin-
ing money, supporting n postal system, and pro-
tecting thegrcatintcrnationalsystem of commerce
by securing free trade among the States. This
community of interests enables the several States
to mutually and freely exchange the excess of
their own productions with each other; and thus
the people of each State can enjoy the benefits to
be derived from the productions of all. It is to
these great fundamental pi maples of our Gov-
ernment that we are indebted for our hitherto uti-
equaled piospeutyas n nation. If we preserve
those rights, we preserve our Government; if not,
we lose all. In this consists the life of the na-
tion; and if the life departs, the body will decay.
If the national or State governments either tian-
scend the boundsoftheir legislative authority, we
have a national tribunal that will correct the ii reg-
ularity, and point out to each its proper functions.
To maintain the Constitution and enforce the
laws is the mvoiij duty of the PicsideiH, and in
dwh.uging this duty he has the light to employ
the Army and Navy, and to call out the militia
of the United States.
In the present causeless rebellion an exigency
has arisen calling these latent powers of the na-
tional Government into action. A pat tof the peo-
ple having taken up arms to prevent the execution
of the laws, and to establish a Government owing
no allegiance to this, the President,in accoidance
with his solemn duty, has called out the militia
to reestablish the authoiity of the laws, protect
the loyal citizens in the enjoyment of their rights,
and bring the guilty to punishment. The Govern-
ment is not waging this war against States, but
against individuals; it is endeavoring to reestab-
lish its authority, and assist the loyal citizens in
reclaiming the governments of their States from
the chaos in which the mobs, calling themselves
conventions, have thrown eleven of the States of
this Union. The State constitutions and laws -ire
the same as they were before J.he States claimed
to have seceded. Those Legislatures or conven-
tions which assumed to sever the States from the
Union simply committed treason, and from that
time forward their legal authority ceased, and all
their subsequent acts were null and void; so I lie
laws of the States remain as they were before the
rebellion.
When the rebellion shall have been suppressed,
they who have attempted to overthrow its au-
thority and by their false teaching involved the
country in this unholy war should be dealt with
as the law directs; and upon the gallows they
should atone to an injured people for their enor-
mous crimes. If not apprehended, their properly
should be confiscated during then lives; their
slaves, if any, should be emancipated and colo-
nized, and themselves driven into exile, with le-
morse for their companion, to wander, like Cain,
hated and despised by all nations.
The question is asked, can Congress emanci-
pate slaves? I would say, not of loyal citizens;
but it can order the removal of those of rebels,
because they have foi foiled their rightof propei ty
by committing treason against the Government.
If that be emancipation, Congress, in my judg-
ment, has the right. But I think it very dear
that Congi ess has no right to emancipate even the
slaves of rebels, except on condition of then- re-
moval from the States, as required by the State
laws—m other words, it has the right to emanci-
pate the slaves of rebels, but no right to leave them
