THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1862.
New Series No. 44.
as safe as bank notes? During the suspension the
Government would have the benefit of the whole
circulation, without interest, until they were
funded—that is, the interest of ail we could keep
out would accrue to the Government. If the
$150,000,000 were constantly afloat, it would be
a loan to Government, without interest, to that
amount, $9,000,000 a year. But if we used the
suspended paper of the banks our bonds would
bear interest from the instant we got their notes 
a good tiling for suspended banks. Besides, Gov-
ernment would have the benefit of all the lost and
destroyed notes—a considerable item.
Last comes the substitute of the minority of the
committee. I look upon it as a curiosity. It
proposes to issue United States notes, not a legal
tender, bearing an interest of three and sixty-five
hundredths per cent., and fundable into seven and
three tenths per cent, bonds, but not payable on
demand, but at the pleasure of the United States.
This gives one and three tenths per cent, higher
interest than our loan, and not being redeemable
on demand, would share the fate of all non-specie-
paying notes not a legal tender. But the ingen-
ious minority have invented a kind of currency
never before know v.—a circulation bearing inter-
est. Bonds or notes intended for investments bear
interest, but no one expccts they will be used as
currency; whetherin the shape of bonds or notes
they will be used onlyasmvcstments,oraspIedges
on which to procure loans. Suppose a tailor, shoe-
maker, or other mechanic or laborer, wciu to take
one of these bills, and in a week he should wish
to use it in market, or store, or elsewhere, he must
sit down and calculate the interest on the days he
has had it to find its value. This would be rather
inconvenient in a frosty day. This currency
would make it necessary for every man to carry
an arithmetic or interest table with which to gauge
the value of the circulating medium. Gentlemen
mustsee how ridiculous, if not impracticably this
scheme is.
Here, then, in a few words lies your choice.
Throw bonds at six or seven per cent, on the mar-
ket between this and December, enough to raise at
least $G00,000,000—about this sum is already ap-
propriated, $557,000,000—or issue United States
notes, not redeemable in coin, but fundable in
specie-paying bonds at twenty years; such notes
either to be made a legal tender, or to take then-
chance of circulation by the voluntary act of the
people.
I maintain that the highest sum you could sell
your bonds at would be seventy-five per cent.,
payable in currency itself at a discount. That
would produce a loss which no nation or individual
doing a large business could stand a year.
I contend that I have shown that such issue,
without being made money, must immediately de-
preciate, and would go on from bad to worse. I
natter myself that I have demonstrated, both from
reason and undoubted authority, that such notes,
made a legal tendui and not issued m excess of the
demand, will remain at par and pass in all trans-
actions, great and small, at the full value of their
face; that we shall have one currency for all sec-
tions of the country and for every class of people,
the poor as well as the rich.
Some gentlemen are as much frightened as if
this were an unwonted apparition, for the first time
prowling forth to swallow the rich creditor and
nurse the poor debtor. No nation, it is said, has
ever tried anything like it.
Let us look at the greatest and wisest commer-
cial nation in the woild. In 1797 England was
struggling for existence against armed Europe.
She needed money, as we do now. She found it
impossible to borrow. Gold was likely to leave
the country. She passed a law prohibiting the
Bank of England from paying com for her notes
until six months after the final ratification of peace.
That law remained in force till 1823. It is said
she did not make those notes a legal tender. She
provided that whoever refused to take them for a
debt should have no remedy foi its collection;
and that a plea of such tender should be a bar to
the action. This, I think, is the most stringent
44
legal tender; yet those notes never depreciated to
any great extent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Did they not de-
preciate twenty per cent.?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; at no time after they
were made a legal tender did they depreciate
twenty per cent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have the author-
ity of Mr. Canning, which I think is quite as good
as that of McCulloch. They were receivable all
the time for Government dues.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; but they still run
down until they were made a legal tender, and
after that they never depreciated a single dollar.
Had they been made an absolute tender, they
would not have depreciated a farthing. But now,
in times of peace, the notes of the Bank of Eng-
land arc a legal tender in all the vast business of
that nation, and in every place, except at the
counter of the bank. What else are Bank of Eng-
land notes than bills of credit of the Government?
Her whole capital consists of Government securi-
ties, and her issues are based on that alone. Prus-
sia holds the currency in paper issuable by Gov-
ernment alone, and is always at par. What be-
comes of the fine-spun theories of the opponents
of this bill? I think they have distressed them-
selves very unnecessarily; and yctgentlemen have
shown all the contortions, if not the inspirations,
of the Sibyl, lest Government should make these
notes a uniform currency, rather than leave them to
be regulated by shaiks and brokers. 1 look upon
the immediate passage of this bill as essential to
the very existence of the Government. Reject it,
and the financial credit not only of the Govern-
ment but of all the great interests of the country
will be prostrated.
Mr. Chairman, let me say in conclusion that
unless this bill is to pass with the legal tender
clause in it, U is not desirable to its friends or to
the Administration that it should pass at all, and
those who think as I do will have to vote against
it if it shall be thus mutilated and emasculated, if
u is to be defeated, I should lie glad if we had the
power which they have in the British Parliament
—to resign our places on the Committee of Ways
and Means and leave it to those who oppose this
bill to mature some other measure. So far as I
am concerned, 1 shall be modestenough not to at-
temptany other scheme. TheCommitteeof Ways
and Means have labored in the preparation of this
measure anxiously and to the best of their poor
abilities. We aic not infallible. We do not come
neai it. I am but pooily qualified for anythingof
this kind. But we have given it our most anxious
consideration, and have consulted those whom we
believed to be best qualified to advise us. We
havo sought to harmonize conflicting views in the
substitute which the majority of tiie committee
have prepared, and we hope it will pass. We be-
lieve that the credit of the country will be sus-
tained bylt, that under it all classes will be paid
in money which all classes can use, and that it
will confer no advantage on the capitalist over the
poor laboring man. If this bill shall pass, I shall
hail it as the most auspicious measure of this Con-
gress; if it should fail, the result will be more de-
plorable than any disaster which could befall us.
The general debate on the bill being now closed,
the Chairman stated the question to be on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Crisfield to the
first section of the bill, to stnke out after the
words "United States," in line thirteen, the fol-
lowing:
And tor all salaries, (lf!>t<, and demands owing by the
Un ted tUate- to individuals, coiporatiorn. ami a-^oeiatioiib
within the United State*.; and t-hall ak-o be lawful uioncy
and a legal tender in paj m<mt of 'ill d( public and pri-
vate, within the United State.-.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland, so
as to make it apply only to that pat t of the clause
which makes those notes a legal tendui in the
payment of debts between individuals.
Mr. CR-ISFXELD. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he can attain his object by asking for
a division of the question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I ask for a division
of the question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it in order to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make that motion
for the purpose of enabling me to submit a re-
mark in reply to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. Amotion to strike out the
enacting clause is not debatable.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I move to
strike out the last paragraph of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in speaking a few
moments ago of the decline or depreciation of the
notes of the Bank of England, affirmed that McCul-
loch, his authority, and"my humble self,differed in
relation to facts—he denying the depreciation and I
affirming it. Now, sir, I propose to refute him by
his own authority, and show that there is not any
" difference between McCulloch and myself." On
page 78 of McCulloch's Commercial Dictionary,
he says:
" For the first three years of the restriction, their issues
were so moclei ate that they not only kept on a par with
gold, but actually bore a small premium, in the latter part
of 180t/, however, their quantity was so much increased thftt
they fell to a discountof eight per cent., as compared with
gold, but they soon after rose nearly to par; and it was not
until 1808 that tlie decline of their value excited any con-
sidetablc attention. Early in 1810; they were at a discount
of about thirteen and a half per cent., and this extraordinary
fall having attracted the attention of the Legislatuie, the
Ilouse of Commons appointed a committee to inquire into
the circumstances by which it had been occasioned. The
committee examined seveial witnesses, and in their report,
which was drawn up with considerable rapidity, they justly
a-ciibed the I all to the ovei issue of bank paper, and recom-
mended that the bank should he obliged to resume cash pay-
ments within two years. Tins recommendation was not,
ho« i'ver, acted upon, and the value of bank paper continued
to decline, as compared With gold, till 1814."
So that, except for some dvc or six years, during
nearly twenty-seven yoarsofsuspension, it varied
from eight to sixteen, and finally fell to twenty
per cent, discount, and even more.
Mr. STEVENS. That was all before it was
made a legal tender.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Ah, but tfie gen-
tleman said only a little while ago, that they made
it a 44 most stringent legal tender" indirectly from
the first in 1797. But it was not made directly
a legal tender until 1834, and then only partially;
gold being still really and substantially the tender.
Mr. STEVENS. And after that, it never de-
preciated.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly not. But
why? Because it was made a quasi legal tender?
Not at all. But because it was not a legal tender
at all, unless the bank paid specie. It is the fact
that the*bank pays specie that prevents deprecia-
tion. And besides, the Bank of England notes
aru at no time a legal tender between the bank and
its creditors.
During the suspension, it was not made a legal
tender, but the bank was authorized to refuse pay-
ment in specie. And what kept the notes then in
circulation? It was the fact, that during all the .
time while the English Government was making
enormous expenditures in carrying on the war
with Napoleon, these notes were receivable in pay-
ment of Government dues as cash.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. I do so
for the purpose of illustrating the remarks which
the gentleman from Ohio has just submitted. 1
hold in my hand a letter from an eminent citizen
of New York, from which I propose to read a few
extracts. The writer says:
"The advocates of a paper substitute may find an argu
ment in the necessities ot the crisis, but are certainly not
guided by the light of experience if they recur to the fact that
in 1814 a Boston banK note was capableof buying twice its
nominal value m Tieasmy notes.
k< I had some little expei tence of the working of ' papei
vs. gold,' in Denmark, in 1813, when their currency, which
was printed on blue paper, depreciated to such an extent
that the king, to remedy the evil, issued a new currency,
printed on white papej, accompanied by an edict that one
rix dollar of the new emission should be regarded in all
