1U2T
THE COJNTGEESSIONATj GLOBE.
April 18.
SLAVE OWNERS IN THE DISTRICT.
, Mi\ SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution •, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo requested
to furnish for the use of the Senate a list of all persons re-
siding in thcD^mct of Columbia who appear in the returns
of the last cen^u-j a  owneis of slaves, indicating the num-
ber claimed to he owned by each person, with the classifi-
cation of their ages according to the returits.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Hquse had passed the following bills and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (JNo.393) making further appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1863, and additional
appropriations for the yearending 30th June, 1862.
A bij^d06) for the relief of Francis JdLiitt-
A joirit-resolution*(No. 67) tosupply the Smith-
sonian Institution with volumes of Wilkes's Ex-
ploring Expedition.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 287) to establish a branch of the Mint of the
United States at Denver, in the Territory of Col-
orado; and it was signed by the President pro
tempore.
JtEVENUE SERVICE AT ALBANY AND TROY.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
275) to increase the compensation of the survey?
orsof the ports of Albany and Troy, and for other
purposes; which was mid twice by its title.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 desire to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate a moment in stating the object
of this bill, mote particularly for the benefit of the
Committee on Finance, to whom I propose to have
it refmrod.
Albany is a port of delivery; so is Troy. The
two places are six miles apart. As the collection
affairs have been arranged there heretofore, there
have been at Albany a deputy collector and two
inspectors and a surveyor, making four officers
connected with the collection of revenue; atTroy
there have been a collector, one inspector, and a
surveyor, making three officers there—seven" in
all. They an: quite too many. The necessities
of the Government do not require so many offi-
cers. On conferring with the Treasury Depart-
ment and the collector of New York, it hay been
proposed to abolish several of these, offices, to
have at Albany or Troy one collector who shall
perform the duties of collector at both places, and
also the duties of inspector. There will be then
one officer performing the same duties that are
now performed by five officers, each of which five
officers now receives three dollars a day. One
officer rcceivmg the same compensation will per-
form the duties of those five. Then there is a
surveyor at Albany and a suiveyor at Troy. It
will be necessary to retain these two officers. The
surveyor at Albany receives $150; the surveyor
at Troy receives $350; it is proposed to increase
their compensation to #500, so that with one col-
lector and inspector for the two places, receiving
three dollars a day, and a surveyor at Albany
with a .salary of $500, and a surveyor at Troy
with a salai y of $500, the whole work can be done
and save the Government from thiee to four thou-
sand dollais a year. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (_S. No. 26) explanatory of a cer-
tain act therein mentioned; and on motion of Mr.
Howe the amendments were concurred in.
[ he House of Representatives propose to strike
outall ol the resolutions after thoresolvingclause,
and to insert m lieu of what is thus stricken out:
That the wotd ki northerly," in thefirrf section of the act
entitled "An act panting public lands to the State ofWis-
coa--.ii to aid .'n the construction of railroads in said State **
appmv.'d June:?.IS5t>, shall, without forfeiture to saidSuie
or its aligns oi any lights or benefits under said act, or ex-
emption fiom any ol the condition* or obligation* tmpowtl
thereby, he construed to authoiize the location of the line
ofraihoad in said first section piovided for upon any eligi-
ble route within ranges sixteen to twenty-thiee, inclusive,
east of the fourth principal meridian ; and the line of laii-
load as now located according to the records of the General
Land Office in pursuance of said act is hereby authorized
to be changed to within the above specified limits: Pro-
vided, however, That upon the construction of said lailroad
upon the new line, or of a sufficient part theieof, according
to the tej-ms of said act, the State of Wisconsin, its grantees
or assigns, shall reccive upon the route oiigipally located,
and in the manner pi escribed by the act, the same quantity
of land:?, and no more or other, except as hereinafter pro-
vided foi j as it or they would have received if such railroad
had been constructed upon the line originally located.
Sec. 2. Jintl be il farther resolved, That there be, and is
hereby, gianted to the State of Wisconsin, tor the purpose
of aiding in the construction ot a railroad fiom the town of
Applcton, in said State, to some point on Gieen bay at or
near the mouth of Fox nvei, in said State, so much of the
public lands of the United States lying at oi near the mouth
of said river, in the county of Blown, and State of Wiscon-
sin, known as the Foit flowau! military leserve, as may
bercquiicd foriightof way,tiacks,turnouts,depots, work-
shop^, warehouses, wharves, and other railroad uses, not
exceeding eighty aeies, to be so selected by the State of
Wisconsin or her assigns as to exclude the lort thdtefrom :
Provided, hoivever, That it no uuhoad be con&tiueted and
in tunning oulei between the icrmnu in this section men-
tioned within thieeycaisfiom the parage of this joint res-
olution, then this grant thai! be void.
Skc. 3. Jlnd be it juither resolved, That the Secretary of
the Intenoi be, and he ts hereby, authorized to cause all
even sections or parts of even sections of public land that
may be brought within >ix milesof the new line of uuhoad,
as heiein ptovided (or, to be t-old at the same price and in
the same manner as those have been upon the originally
located route ot railroad. And all purchasers, or their hens
oi assigns, within the six mile limits of the said onginally
located route, who shall be more than six miles ftom the
new line of loute herein authorized, and who have paid the
sum of $2 50 an aere, shall have the right either to exchange
their locations upon the line a-> fu«.te*t<iblislied to the new
line, upon the same ternw, in like quantities and in the
same niaimet as on the line fust established as aloiesaid,
or, at their option,, to entei without fuither payment any-
wlune within the Mona&ha land di-tuct, in the State of
Wisconsin, an additional quantity of public land** subject
to puvate entry at $! 25 an aeie equal to the quantity en-
teted by them at y>50 an acre, that the lands oi jginaily
enteied by them shall tbu^ he leduccd to ihe late of $1 25
an acre.
Sr.c. 4. Jlnd heil fuither resolved, That the even sections
of public hind.- K'M'ived to the Paired States by the atoie-
said act of June 3. along the ongtnally located loute
of railroad noith of the said town or Appleton, and along
which no lailroad has been constructed, shall hereatter be
aold at 05 an aeie.
The House also piopose to amend the title so
as to re.ul, " A joint resolution explanatory of
and m addition to the act of June 3,1856,granting
public landy to the Stale of Wisconsin to aid in
the constt notion of railroads in said State."
Mr. CLARK subsequently moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which the amendments were
concurred in; and the motion was entered.
SURVEYS OF LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. CLARIC. There lies upon the table a
House bill for the survey of certain land claims,
repoi ted from the Committee on Public Lands the
other day with an amendment. I desire that it
may be taken up, and the amendment concurred
in.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 189) for the survey of grants or claims of land
was considered us in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that all claims or grants of land in any
of the States or Territories of the United States,
derived from any foreign country or Government,
shall be smveyed under the direction of the proper
officers of the Government of the United States
upon the application of the parties claiming; or
owning the same; but it is declared that nothing
in the law lequinng the executive officers to sur-
vey land claimed or granted under any laws of the
United States shall be construed either to author-
ize such officers to pass upon the validity of the
titles granted by or under those laws, or to give
any greater effect to the surveys made by them
than to make the surveys prima [facie evidence of
the true location of the land claimed or granted,
nor im any such grant to be deemed incomplete for
the want of a survey or patent when the land
granted may be asceitained without a survey or
patent.
The amendment of the Committee on Public
Lands was to insert, after the word "same," at
the end of the seventh line:
And at their expense, which shall be paid oi secured to
the salsvMeuoii or the Secietary of the interior before the
woik shall be peifouned.
So that the clause will read:
Be htuveyed under tin; direction uf the proper officers of
the Government of the United States on the application of
the pame* claiming or owning the same, and at their ex-
pense, which shall be paid or secured to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the interior before the wotk shall be per-
formed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
FRANCIS IIUTTMANN.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move to take up Senate
bill No. 263, for the relief of Francis Hiittmann,
reported from the Committee on Commerce. It
is a short bill, and will not occupy a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It pioposes to authorize
and direct the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust
the claim of Francis Hiittmann for the return of
tonnage, import, and light duties, illegally exacted
and paid by him on the Peruvian bark Callaoand
her cargo in 1848, at the port of San Francisco,
California, and to pay him the amount due.
Mr. HALE. I believe it has not been the cus-
tom to pass indefinite bills authorizing the audit
and payment of claims, without giving some data
or fixing some limit. I think bills ought not to
pass in that shape. The bill should be definite.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will say to the Sena-
tor 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report?
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no report; but
I can state briefly what the case is. The bark
Callao was subjected to the payment of tonnage
and light dues, which were illegal, the Peruvian
nation having a treaty putting them upon the same
footing as the most favored nations, which ex-
empted her from these charges, amounting, I think,
in alj, toabout one hundred and fifty-nine dollars.
It is a very small matter. Then there is another
claim. In estimating the difference in value be-
tween the coin of that country and our own, there
was a further overcharge of some two hundred
and sixty-nmodolhus, 1 think. The wholeamount
is something like four hundred and twenty-nine
dollars. It is a clear case of simple justice. We
had not the means of coming to a precise knowl-
edge of the amount; but it is very small.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where was the bark
owned ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Itwasowned by Francis
Hiittmann, of San Francisco.
Mr. LATHAM. The amount is under five
hundred dollars. It is between four and fivehun-*
dred dollars.
Mr. CLA11K. It may be that the amount is
as these Senators state, and I have no doubt they
suppose it to be so; but I suggest to them that it
is better that the bill should be recommitted to the
committee, and that they should ascertain the
amount, and report in a bill the amount that we
should pay, and then we can fix it.
Mr. LATHAM. That would be impossible,
for the reason that .the papers aie on file in the
Treasury Department, wheiC the account is to be
adjusted.
Mr. CLARK. It is very easy for some one to
go to the Treasury and have the amount stated
and brought here.
^ Mr. CHANDLER. Suppose a limitati on of
$500 be put m the bill; that covers it. I have no
objection to putting in such a limitation. The
committee arrived at the amount very nearly; but
the case was so simple, so straightfonvaid and
ordinary a business transaction, that we did not
deem it important to look at and fix the precise
sum.
Mr. CLARK. This may be very simple and
very unimportant in one view; but it is very im-
portant as to the course of legislation that com-
mittees should not report such bills, but should,
if they can, ascertain the amount, so that the Sen-
ate may pass bills for precise amounts, Two
sessions ago, where we supposed there was about
forty thousand dollars due, we passed a bill of this
kind, and we found ourselves in for §140,000, and
we had to repeal the law. We had two cases the
same session of that kind. This may be unim-
portant, a small amount, but it sets a precedent;
it is in the line of indefinite legislation. We had
better fix it, ascertain the amount, and then pro-
vide for it exactly, and it cannot occasion the
committee a great deal of work.
