2672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
by the United States, maybe restored to its own-
ers ; and also a resolution of the Senate of*May 7,
instructing- the committee to inquire whether any
legislation is necessary in relation to vessels be-
longing to loyal American citizehs, which have
heretofore been seized and confiscated by rebels,
and which have been recaptured at New Orleans
and other places, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 349) in addition to an act pro-
viding for salvage in cases of recapturo, approved
March 3,1800. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
CHANGE OB1 NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER-. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 77) to change the name of the baric
Quebec to General Burnside, have had it under
consideration, and report it back without amend-
ment. I ask unanimous consent to have the bill
passed now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 475) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the names of certain vessels, report it back, and
recommend its passage. I ask that it be consid-
ered now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the name of the schooner Frank Pierce, owned by
A. Emerson & Co., of Youngstown, New York,
to thatofGeneral Sigel;and to change the name of
the vessel Maury, ow tied by A. A. Low & Brothers,
of Biooklyn, New York, to that of Benefactress;
and to change the name of the bark Henry H.
Didier, owned by William Applegarth and Wil-
liam Hubbard, of Baltimore, Maryland, to that
of Flora.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the thiid time, and passed.
SENATORS FROM DESEltET.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 now call for action upon
the resolution which I offered the day before yes-
terday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the motion submitted by him,
admitting the Senators elect from the proposed
State of Deserct to the floor of the Senate.
The motion to take up was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the motion.
Mr. HALE. That is, to admit the gentlemen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I have requested an examination
to be made by a very faithful and vigilant clerk,
who has been long in our employment, and has
had the rustody of our papers, and ho tells me
that it is without precedent entirely; that the thing
has never been done by the Senate, so far as he
can satisfy himself by an examination. In the
case of the State of California, when she was ap-
plying for admission, Dr. G win and Mr. Fremont
were her first Senators. Dr. Gwin took Ins place
on the floor by virtue of his privilege as a former
member of the House of Representatives. Tins
thing, as I am informed, is without precedent. I
would as lief state who made the examination; it
was made by Mr. Page, one of our most faithful
and vigilant clerks, at my request, and he says
that as far as he has been able to examine the
Journals, and he has done it pretty faithfully,the
thing is without precedent. I hope (he precedent
will not be set in this case.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In the ease of the ap-
plication of Kansas, the privilege of being on the
floor was notgiven us. Governor Reoder and my-
self were here, but this privilege was not extended
to us.
Mr. SUMNER. f remember very well in the !
case of Kansas that the Senator who is now on
the floor to represent that State was not allowed
the privilege; and surely, if the privilege was not
allowed in such a case and in other cases to winch
leference is made, I do not think we should begin
with this new-comer called Deserct. I do not
know that that can be called a republican Suite or
a republican government,
Mr. LATHAM. After what has been stated
by the Senator from Kansas and the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire, I am perfectly willing that the
resolution shall lie on the table. I offered it be-
cause I had been informed by other Senators that
such had been the custom and usage. If there is
no precedent, certainly these gentlemen do not ask
a special privilege. The resolution may lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
theresolution lieon thetable, a motion which does
not allow of debate.
The motion was agreed to.
GENERAL BUCKNER.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its immediate consideration:
Whereas Geneial Simon Bolivar Buekner, a citizen of
the State of Kentucky, whiJe commander of the military
organization of that State, denominated the Slate Guaids
of Kentucky, did corrupt and seduce into treason against
the United States a large portion of his command aforesaid,
arid induced them to join the army of the so-called confed-
erate States of America; and whereas the said Buekner
then left the State of Kentucky, and shortly thereafter, at
the head of a hostile army in the service of the confederate
States aforesaid, did commit treason against the United
States by invading the State of Kentucky and making war
upon her people and the armies of the United States, and
his marauding bands did murder the men and drive from
their homes the defenseless women and children of his na-
tive State ; and whereas the said Buekner, for these acts,
stands indicted for treason against the United Slates in the
district eouit of Kentucky, and is now a military piisoner
in the custody of the mihtaiy authouties of the United
States: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the said Simon Bolivar Buekner
ought to be transferred from the military to the civt! au-
thorities of the United States, to be tried for the treason
wheiewith he stands indicted as aforesaid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider this resolution at the present
time. Is there any objection ? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. GRIMES. In my opinion, this resolution
ought not to pass. I do not know that there is
any particular difference between the case of Gen-
eial Buekner and of a great many other persons
who were engaged in this rebellion against the
Federal Government, some of whom have already
been captured, and are now detained in prisons;
others of whom have been exchanged as prisoners
of war. We may just as well get at the secret of
this whole resolution first as last. It is this: the
rebel authorities know that General Buekner is
a prisoner of war; they understand that he is
indicted; they know that there are persons who
are clamorous that he shall be tried for the civil
offense of treason, and convicted and hung. Those
authorities, therefore, wish that he should be re-
leased. They have sent to this city, for the pur-
pose of negotiating or arranging foran exchange
of prisoners, three Federal officers who were cap-
tured at the battle of Pittsburg Landing, one of
them a colonel of the eighteenth Missouii regi-
ment, anothera. major of the third Iowa, and an-
other a captain from the fifty-eighth Illinois. The
terms which they are authorized to propose are,
that there shall be a general exchange of prisoners,
including Buekner on the one side and Prentiss
on the other. Now, we have at Selma,and at Tal-
ladega, and at Dahlonegn, some seventy prisoners
of war all above the rank of lieutenant, and it is
determined by the rebel authorities that they shall
not be exchanged. The question is whether we
are going to interfere by passing a resolution of
this kind, and in effect say that those seventy men
of Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, and Wisconsin, shall
be compelled to lie there and rot, half starved to
death, and die finally of disease, for the purpose of
delivering Mr, Buekner over to the civil authori-
ties to be tried in the State of Kentucky.
Why, sir, I understand there are already in-
dicted in the Federal courts of Kentucky between
two and three hundred persons. Why does not
Kentucky try its hand upon those? Why do
they not try to convict them; and if they aie so
anxious that somebody should be convicted, why
do they not convict some of them, and hang them
if they find them to be guilty ? Why insist that
these persons, citizens of our States, who have
gone down to Kentucky and to Tennessee to fight,
and who were so unfortunate as to be too brave
or were so brave that they would not retreat when
the rest of the anny did, and therefore were cap-
tured—why require that they shall he in those
prisons and rot and die for the sake of sending
General Buekner back to Kentucky to be tried by
a civil tribunal ? I insi'st that this resolution ought
not to pass; but, on the contrary, that the Gov-
ernment ought to exchange Buekner. Let him go
back and do his worst. He cannot do any more
than he has done. He has done wrong. Nobody
vindicates him. He is a very bad man, doubt-
less; but so are a great many other men. Why
this man should be singled out in preference to
all the rest, when the result of singling him out
thus is to keep so many of our very best and most
valiant officers incarcerated, is something I can-
not comprehend.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire,
after what the Senator from Iowa has said, what
assurance he has that this rebel government will
keep faith,or will surrender these men if General
Buekner and everybody else is surrendered ? Is
there anything in the past conduct of the rebel
authorities to justify us in any such belief? Why,
sir, I remember that after the battle of Belmont,
which took place in November last, something
like a hundred prisoners whom we captured from
them were taken down a day or two after and
delivered ovor to their authorities at Columbus.
They captured something like an equal number
from us, who, so far as 1 know, are held to this
day by them. They received back the prisoners
we captured from them, but they utterly refused
to release one of the men they had captured from
us; and, as I understand, they have been refus-
ing to make an exchange, or when wc made an
agreement to make an exchange, they violated it.
That is the trouble.
Why, sir, within a few days it is understood
throughout the whole country, and I suppose it
is true, they made a pretense that they would not
surrender Colonel Corcoran, Colonel Wllcox, and
others, until we surrendered up certain privateers-
men. They made that demand, and the Govern-
ment of the United States, at last, after holding off
awhile,it seemscame down to the demand of the
rebel government. They sent the privatcersmen
down to Fortress Monroe. General Wool sent
them up to be exchanged for Colonel Corcoran
and Colonel Wilcox; and what was the result?
They were met by the rebel authorities, who were
very willing to receive the privatcersmen, but did
they propose to surrenderup Colonel Wilcox and
Colonel Corcoran according to agreement ? They
were not there to be surrendered. They are quite
willing that we should deliver up their men, while
they keep ours. Why, sir, we have surrendered
up to them more prisoners than they have ever
captured of ours, over and over again. General
Burnside released all the prisoners that he took on
the North Carolina coast, or nearly all of them.
From the beginning, or from the time the re-
bellion assumed formidable proportions, I have
always thought it was better to make these ex-
changes, and I do not believe that in doing so we
recognize the independence of the rebel govern-
ment any more than we do in blockading the
coast, receiving flags of truce from them, and do-
ing a thousand things which are done every day,
for we all know that there has been daily commu-
nication between our lines, at Fortress Monroe,
and the rebel government for months. 1 should
be quite willing that there should be an exchange
now, but I want to know what the assurance is
that the pretended government which has so often
broken faith will comply with it now, if there is
any.
Mr. GRIMES. The question is veiy easily
answered. We have the thingentirely in our own
hands. I will acknowledge that according to the
statements I have received, the rebel Government
has been showing very bad faith, and has done
so on several occasions; but we have been ex-
changing notwithstanding the evidences of its bad
faith. This Government has been exchanging
prisoners long since the occurrence to which the
Senator from Illinois alludes, immediately after
the battle of Belmont. We have been exchanging
prisoneis with them after it was said that they
broke faith in regard to Colonel Corcoran. We
are exchanging piisoners,or have been constantly
up to within the last two week«,and why should
it not continue in this particular case? We have
the thing in our own hands. We send prisoners
of theirs that we hold, on a boat, under a flag ot
| truce, up the James river, or to some point which
I is equally accessible to both parties. We do not
' deliver over those men until we get their equiva-
