192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24j
STth Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Clements.
Ho. oif Eeps.
in the States. The violation of the law does not
consist in emancipating the slaves of rebels, but
in leaving (hem in the States, in violation of their
laws, after they have been emancipated; for the
States have not committed' State suicide, but ex-
ist in the loyal people, and not in the rebels; and
as the rights of the loyal citizens exist now the
same as they did previous to the rebellion, the
laws must be respected by the Government the
same as they were.
What should be done with the slaves of the
leaders of this rebellion? This is a question of
the greatest magnitude and interest to the people
of this country, and should command the candid
consideration of every member of this House.
There is but one of three ways to dispose of tliese
negroes. We must return them to their rebel
masters, sell them, or colonize tliem beyond the
limits of the United States. Shall they bo re-
turned? They should not. The Government has
no right to sell them. Then, in my opinion, the
only true way to dispose of them is to remove
them from the States, and colonize them in Africa,
Hayti, Central or South America.
A general amnesty should be granted to the de-
luded followers of these wicked leaders. They
should be invited to return to their allegiance to
the Government which desires their welfare. In
the States of Maryland, Kentucky , Missouri, and
the parts of Tennessee and Virginia within the
lines of our Army, whore the people are protected,
if they hereafter, by word or action, give aid to
tile rebellion, tliey should have their property con-
fiscated, or be heavily fined and imprisoned; and
as our Army takes possession of the revolted dis-
tricts, all who are protected by the Federal au-
thority and afterwards give aid to the rebel cause
should be subjected to the same penalties. But
the privates and subalterns in the rebel army
should have an opportunity given them to return
to loyalty . We should not close the door against
them until thoy have had it in their power to
choose for themselves. Those within the protec-
tion of the Federal authorities should bo con-
strained to submit to its laws, or be dealt with as
their crimes deserve. To the deluded and mis-
guided rebel soldiers, who were coerced into their
army by the mad ravings of ambitious leaders, let
us leave open the door and invite them to come
back to the flag of their country.
A bill of this character would, I believe, meet
the demands of the country, and do justice to all.
Under such conditions the guemlla war now
raging throughout the southern country would
soon cease. There would be no moie recruiting
within our lines for the rebel army; and as our
Army would advance, the people would be in-
formed of the magnanimity andgenerosity of the
Federal Government to those who would come
Jorward and accept its proffered pardon, and also
its power and authority to enforce and execute its
demands. I thinllf this policy would have a far
better effect than a sweeping confiscation act ap-
plying to all alike. More stringent .provisions
would, instead of doing good, do much injury,as
those m the rebel army could not return to then-
homes, and avail themselves of its benefit; and we
could not expect, after we had confiscated their
property, tojnduco them to be loyal to the Gov-
ernment. Tints dealt with, we must either diive
them into exile, where they would spend then-
days in plotting revenge against this country, con-
fine them in prisons to chafe and fret like untamed
beasts through their whole lives, or fight them as
guernlkxrobbersand outlaws, deeming themselves
beyond the rcach of mercy orforgiveness. This
rigorous policy would satisfyafewvindictive peo-
ple,Jivmgremote from those who would inevitably
suffer, but not the masses of the people, nor the
demands of justice. Property cannot be confis-
cated until the authority of theUnion is ruestyb-
hylied, after which it is the duty of the Govern-
meat to look to the interests of the whole country
alike. A law should not be enacted which is im-
practicable sis well as impolitic. Such unneces-
sary harshness would inaugurate a reign of terror
that would last for years, and destroy the peace
and prosperity of the country.
As toemancipated slaves, the Government is the
only power that can colonize them; for the States
are by the Constitution of the United States ex-
pressly prohibited from the acquisition of terri-
tory. The powers of the States extend no further
than their territorial bounds, and they could not
colonize tliem, therefore, nor give them protection
beyond their State limits. Illinois, and several of
the northern States, have passed laws excluding
negroes from their territories. Most, if not all,
the southern States have laws prohibiting slaves
from being emancipated without being removed
beyond the limits of the State. If citizens can-
notemancipatetheirslaves withoutremovingthera
beyond the limits of the State, can Congress do
so? Congress has no more right to emancipate
the slaves of rebels, and leave them within the
States, in violation of the State laws, to the injury
of loyal citizens, than it has to liberate and send
them to Illinois or any other State in violation of
their laws. Suppose Congress emancipates the
slaves of certain rebels, and does not remove them
from the States as required by their laws, will
not the citizens of the States endeavor to execute
their laws requiring all emancipated slaves to be
removed beyond their borders, or be sold into
bondage again? In such a case, the Government
has no right to interfere with the execution of the
laws; but if called upon by the State authority,
would, by the Constitution, be requiied to give
to the States its aid in the execution of such laws
by which the States would sell the same slaves
again into bondage. Whether this be right be-
tween man and man, as decreed by Him that rules
the universe, I cannot say. But the law so exists
in the States, and was so willed by the people,
and has so existed for years. If they be unjust,
let us look to the will of the people for their re-
peal, and not to military power. There are laws
passed by the States relating to their local insti-
tutions, and if interfered with by the Government
would ceitainly unite the most of the loyal citi-
zens South in opposition to such interference, and
would as certainly divide the northern people in
the effort to so interfere in violation of the Con-
stitution and laws; and the result would be the
overthrow of the Government, as all people with
unclouded minds can well see. If a law be a bad
law, it should be changed by a legal process, it
is in the preserving of these principles in their
integrity that exists the security of the people.
We have no States out of the Union, and all are
equally entitled to protection; for the States claim-
ing to have seccded have not committed State sui-
cide, but still exist in the power and authority of
the loyal citizens, the rebels only having forfeited
their rights to State and national protection.
If the Constitution is trampled down in one re-
spect, may it not be in all ? Such a precedent would
be liable to cause a greater rebellion than the pres-
ent one. This rebellion is causeless; that would
be just. Such a violation of the rights of the States
would cause an uprising of the people in opposi-
tion to it equal to the one we have seen in the loyal
sections in support of their country. If we wish
to make others obey the laws we must ourselves
obey them. ^ If we desire to make others submit
to the Constitution we must ourselves support the
Constitution; for if we disobey the Constitution
and the laws, what better are we than the rebels?
In that case, neither would support the Constitu-
tion and the laws. Whether slavery as a local or
State institution is just, is not for me here to argue.
My purpose is to support the Constitution of the
United States, the supreme Jaw of tlie land, and
under it claim for the people of my State all that
they as loyal citizens of the United States are en-
titled to. Though slavery may be unjust, it is
supported and protected by the municipal laws of
the land, which is the declared will of the people
of the States in which it exists, and so recognized
by the Federal Constitution.
Slavery, as an institution, 1 believe to be broken
down. Many thousands will be as a consequence
of and not by the purpose of the war, liberated.
It js circumscribed, there being 110 more territory
adapted to slave labor. It now has no national
power, nor ever should have had, as it is a local
institution. It is surrounded by its enemies on all
sides. 1 he present war will cause a development
or tlie natural resources for the cultivation of cot-
ton in other countries, and cause our cotton mar-
ket to depreciate, and consequently the value of
slave property.
In portions of the cotton States where rebellion
has swept away all civil law for the present, only
military law exists, under which no slave can be
recovered. Undersuch circumstances it is entirely
discretionary with slaves whether they remain
with their masters or not. If they leave their mas-
ters there is no law by which they can be reclaimed.
The rebels, in committing treason, forfeited all
their rights to hold property under the laws they
endeavored to cast off.
The question will arise as to where the title to
the slaves exists. Is it in the rebels, in the Federal
Government, or in the slaves themselves? This
is a quesuon, as the laws now are, that can only
be decided by our courts. The Government can-
not own slaves, and has no right to sell them.
Then has a slave a right to bring suit against his
rebel master for his freedom, or what right has
the rebel master to claim his return under the laws
he has taken up arms to destroy ? This is a ques-
tion I deem to be pregnant with consequences of
the gravest importance.
From these consequences of the rebellion the
value of slaves will be greatly impaired; in fact,
they will be worth but little. If the Government
will do its duty, and not allow, in any way what-
ever, the rights of States to be trampled on, will
not the southern people, when brought back to
reason, accept of the proposition of the President
adopted by Congress?
In 1790 there were only aboutfive hundred thou-
sand slaves in all the States. In I860, seventy
years afterwards, there were near four millions of
slaves, beside free blacks. At the same rate of
increase there will be, in seventy years from this
time, near forty millions of slaves. These slaves
will all be in the southern States. The antagonism
existing between the white and black races as to
social and political equality in the same Govern-
ment, with other causes, will induce the whites
gradually to leave the South. The slaves are tied
there by the laws of the States; but the natural
antipathy of the two races will cause an emigra-
tion from the South to Northwest of the non-slave-
holding whites, until near the whole South will be
abandoned to the black race. This, child is now
born who will see fifty millions of slaves in these
States, if the institution continues. But is it rea-
sonable to suppose that these people will be held
in bondage more than forty or fifty years?
In view of these facts and considerations, will
the Southern people, if capable of self-government
and of enacting such laws as will best promote
their welfare and that of their posterity, much
longer continue this institution? Will they not
do away with it and avert from their descendants
one of the greatest calamities that ever visited a
people in the tide of time ? I ask, in the spirit of
the Constitution, will the people of the States not
remove it? If the will of the people be the law of
the States, can we come to any other conclusion
than that they will remove this evil ? When they
are aroused to a sense of their responsibility to
their children and the millions that are to inhabit
the southern States in the future, then will the tide
of emigration be changed, and instead of the whites
leaving, the blacks will be liberated by the State
laws and be sentjout of the States. At this time
we expect to be relieved of slavery and the black
population, if our laws are respected by the Gov-
ernment.
Wrhen this effort is made, let the Government be
just and beneficent to both races, and deliver the
blacks from slavery and the whites from the curse
of an amalgamation with these liberated slaves,
which will certainly follow if they are not sep-
arated. Then let the Government m all its wealth
ana strength, clothed in the power of the Consti-
tution and the laws, march up to the doors of the
State constitutions and receive these people and
return them to the land of their forefathers. The
effect of this policy would be to build up the young
and prosperous republic of Liberia, which seems
to have been planted there by the band of Provi-
dence for the deliverance of this country, for the
christianizing and civilizing of Africa. By the time
the slaves shall all have been deported to Liberia,
there would be, in the now infant republic, a popu-
lation of some eight or ten millions. This number
and their posterity, armed with the Chiistian reli-
gion, civilization, and the present improvements in
the arts and sciences, with a republican Govern-
ment, would extend their light and power from the
west to the east and around the African coast, until
