THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series.....No. 168.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1862.
lent of prisoners that they hold belonging to us.
We do not surrender General Buckner or anybody
else until we have the prisoners that they hold
safely within our own grasp, so that they cannot
take them from us. There is no trouble on that
score.
Mr. DAVIS. There are two principles of a
good deal of importance involved in this matter.
The one is, whether the rebel governmentshould
dictate to the Government of the United States the
terms ofexchange of prisoners. We have taken
a great many more rebel prisoners than they have
taken prisoners from the United States armies.
We are upon terms to ask and to be entitled to a
full exchange of prisoners from the rebel govern-
ment, without interfering with the case of General
Buckner or any other very obnoxious leader. It
does not devolve upon that spurious and usurped
government to establish new principles and laws
for the exchange of prisoners. For that govern-
ment to presume to do so is a very high piece of
arrogance, and impudence, too. The principles
upon which the exchange of prisoners takes place
between Governments are settled by the usages
and customs of nations, and a few of those prin-
ciples are somewhat to this effect: officers of the
same class are exchanged for each other; where
the conflicting parties have not officers of the same
class, but have private soldiers, so many private
soldiers aregiven in exchange for an officer of every
class. Thatistheplain, well-understood,andequi-
table principle upon which exchange of prisoners
takes place between independent Governments,
much less between a legitimate Government and a
rebel province or rebel States of the same Gov-
ernment. Upon that principle we have five times
as many prisoners of the rebel armies to give in
exchange for our prisoners as they have our sol-
diers in captivity. Now, whatdo they assume?
Theyassume this: "we will depart from the usual
and well-settled principles upon which the ex-
change of prisoners takes place, and we will im-
pose upon the Government of the United States
our own terms, and if the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States will notsubmit to our arrogant dictation
of the terms upon which we will deign to exchange
prisoners with them, we will notexchange at all."
It would be degrading and dishonoring to the Gov-
ernment to submit to any such terms. Our Gov-
ernment would stand humiliated in the presence of
the world, and in the presence of our own people,
if it was to submit to any such arrogant dictation.
No doubt overtures for exchange have been
made, and what should be done? We have rebel
officeis of various classes prisoners; in addition to
officers we have hundreds and thousands of pri-
vate soldiers; we have many more men belonging
to the rebel armies, if they can be said to belong
to the rebel armies, than are necessary to give in
exchange for all the Union prisoners that are held
by the rebel authorities, civil or military. What
is a fair and equitable exchange? That if we have
not prisoners of the same class with our officers
who are in captivity whom we wish to exchange,
we will give more of inferior officers or the le-
quisite number of private soldiers in exchange for
our officers held in captivity, so as to redeem prop-
erly and according to the legitimate laws of the
exchange of prisoners every man of the United
States Army who is held in captivity. Ought our
Government to make any other terms, or any other
overture? Ought they to submit to any other terms?
Ought this haughty and insolent dictation of the
rebel government, that does not deserve the name
of a government, to be submitted to by our Gov-
ernment? I think not.
There is another principle involved. Here is
one of the arch-traitors of this great rebellion, a
man who is deeper stained in cume and treason
and peifidy and infamy than any man who lives
in the State of Kentucky 
Mr. HOWARD. Or any where else.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, or anywhere else. He
is a native of that State. He was educated at the
public expense at the Military Academy at West
Point. He graduated, and was continued in the
service of the United States until he chose to re-
168
sign, when he had attained to a higher commis-
sion than that with which his service after lie had
graduated at the Military School was inaugurated.
What did he do? He insidiously and Belial-like
persuaded his State and the Legislature of his
State to inaugurate a military organization in that
State, called " the State guard," in which was en-
listed about five thousand of the very flower of
Kentucky youth. He went like the basest of trai-
tors to inaugurate that military body there for the
deliberate purpose of leading it into treason and
rebellion, and making them the infamous instru-
ments of that revolution which the southern trai-
tors at that time contemplated, and of which, I
have no doubt, he was fully informed.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Did he not also repair to
Washington about the time of the breaking out
of the rebellion and ask for a commission in the
Union Army?
Mr. DAVIS. I will come to that. He went de-
liberately, industriously, and insidiously to work.
He corrupted and debauched the officers in that
corps, and the men, too; and he succeeded in cor-
rupting the most of them, in preparing them to join
the rebel army—some of the very first young men
of the State. When he had ripened his plots at
home he came on here, visited the President and
his Cabinet and General Scott, wormed himself
into their confidence, and won it, and held out to
them an illusory promise that he would take ser-
vice in the Army of the United States, and imme-
diately after his return to the State of Kentucky,
he left the State, went to the confederate army,
and then invaded his native State at the head of
that army which he himself had collected, and
which was constituted very much of the material
of that State guard that he had organized and cor-
rupted. He was indicted for treason; he now
stands indicted in the district court of Kentucky
for treason against the United States; and if ever
there lived a traitor, if a traitor ever deserved to
die, and to die upon the gallows, this Simon Boli-
var Buckner is the man. He stands indicted now
in the United States court in that district; and what
do we ask ? As he is a military prisoner also, and
cannot be punished by the military law in propor-
tion to the enormity of his crimes, we ask that the
military authorities of the United States shall hand
hi in over to the district court of Kentucky, and
there let him be tried and convicted and sentenced,
and perish like a traitor, a base traitor, as lie is.
Mr. President, that man has brought more dis-
honor, more woe, moie tears, more infamy into
the families of Kentucky than all the living men.
He has seduced the very elite of our youth to
abandon their country and their Government,
their homes and their firesides, and become trai-
tors and criminals to their native State,as well as
to the United States. The idea of such a wretch
as he is being given in exchange, standing, as
he does, under indictment, and ready to be tried
according to the forms of tiial for treason against
the United States, to my mind is one of the great-
est enormities that could be contemplated. Such
an exchange would strike with horror the people
of Kentucky, the Union men of Kentucky, and
the Union women—the mothers whose sons he
has carried to death on the battle-field, or by dis-
eases of the camp, and all of whom he has seduced
into crime and into infamy. They would ris^up in
earnest remonstrance against any such exchange;
and I protest against it. I protest against it because
it would violate the two great principles that I
have adverted to, and I hope that the Senate will
pass the lesolution.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 think it very likely that
Mr. Buckner is a very bad man, and deserves all
the denunciation he has had, and I have no sort
of objection to his being hung if gentlemen could
get at it, and do it in any proper way. There is
nothing alleged in regard to him in the resolution
before the Senate that is not true of every other
prominent traitor who has taken arms against his
country; and the same course that is proposed to
be adopted in regard to him would be just as ap-
propriate, and might be urged with as much forcfc
in reference to any other man we capture who
has been at all prominent in this rebellion. This
man Buckner is of no more importance, perhaps
of not half as much importance, either to us or
to the rebels, as m&ny other men.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator from
Illinois tell me what other leading traitor is under
indictment for treason, besides Buckner, that we
have in our possession?
Mr, BROWNING. I am not able to answer
the Senator. I understand that there are a great
many under indictment in Western Virginia; how
many I will inquire of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. Seven hundred, my colleague
says. There were five hundred the last time I
heard of it.
Mr. BROWNING. There are seven hundred
indictments pending in the State of Virginia, and
a very large number in the State of Kentucky,
which the Senator represents. What the rela-
tive importance of the persons indicted to each
other or their relative ability may be, I not
know.
Mr. DAVIS. How many of them are in the
custody of the Government?
Mr. BROWNING, This one is not in custody
under any process that has been issued against
him ; he is not in the custody of the civil authori-
ties under an indictment for treason. I do not
know what th relative importance, capacity) or
value of these persons that are indicted is, one to
another ; but whenever we capture persons in this
war, they all stand to us precisely in the same re-
lation, and we must deal with them all by a uni-
form rule, and apply to them all precisely thesame
principles, and mete out to them the same justice,
whatever it is, whether it is civil or military.
Now, sir, when we adopt this resolution, we
commence a system that totally changes the whole
course of military proceedings, and we usurp an
authority which we have no more right to touch
than the judicial tribunals have. The Supreme
Court might as well demand that a prisoner of war
should not be given up, as for Congress to demand
that a prisoner of war should not be exchanged.
We have nothing to do with it. It is a matter for
the military authorities of the country to judge of
and act with, as to their discretion shall seem right
and proper. It is none of our business. They
may think it for the benefit of the service that
Buckner shall be exchanged. They may, on the
contrary, think it for the benefit of the scrvice that
he shall be retained as a prisoner without ex-
change; and whether they determine the one way
or the other, it is our duty and the duty of the en-
tire country to acquiesce in that decision. We
have nothing to do with it; it is none of our affair;
it is not the purpose for which we were sent here
to be legislating about the exchange of prisoners
who are captured m the war.
And suppose, sir, we were to adopt the resolu-
tion, and it were acted upon, and this man were
to be given up to thecivil authorities of Kentucky
to beputupon his trial for treason,and he should
be tried, convicted, and sentenced, and hung, what
would the result be? Does any one suppose that
the rebels would submit to itcalmlyand quietly?
They might have no light to retaliate; it is not a
question of right, but have they not the power to
retaliate, and would they not exercise the power?
And how many of our brave men who are in their
hands would be ruthlessly muidered in retaliation
for so unauthorized a proceeding as this would
be, if we were to adopt it in reference to Buckner;
for it would be wholly unauthorized.
Now, sir, I deny that while the war lasts, while
it continues, after it has assumed the proportions
of war and has entitled us and entitled them to all
the rights of war that pertain to a state of war,
prisoners captured in war can be surrendered up
to thecivil aathoiiues to be proceeded against.
When we have suppressed the rebellion; when
we have overcome it; when we have subdued the
lebels and reestablished our authority,_we_ may
hand them over to th? c.ivil authorities if we
