1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Mebel Property—Mr. Noel—Mr. Ely.
Ho. of Reps.
they would embrace the whole continent, and be
the meansof christianizing and civilizing all their
fellow-men that inhabit that rich division of the
earth. They would in time do for Africa and its
people what the Pilgrim Fathers, who settled upon
the Atlantic coast, have done and will do for this
continent and its savage inhabitants. As they
subdued the wilderness and carried the Christian
religion, the arts and sciences, and republican
Government, from the east to the west, the sav-
ages retreated westward, until we have surrounded
them. They can retreat no longer,and their savage
traits, by the aid of the schools in their midst, will
be subdued, as the wilderness has been. They
will be forced to submit to the principles of repub-
lican Government, and become a christianized,
civilized, intelligent, and happy people.
This Government, if we but do our duty, will
become the great agency of Providence in this
scheme of sending light, freedom, and civilization
to the dark corners of the earth. To do this, we
must unite our people as they once were. If we
fail in this, we fail m all; for it is the unity of the
will of the whole people which is the basis of the
Government. Our people once were united, be-
cause their interests were connected with the pres-
ervation of our common country. But as soon as
the disappointed politicians of the South induced
them to believe that the present Administration
"would no longer respect their constitutional rights,
they rebelled against its authority, but not against
the principles upon which it was founded, as they
were made to believe that the local laws of the
States would be disregarded, and their slaves
emancipated and placed upon an equality with the
whites. It is this misrepresentation of ambitious
men which has caused so many of the southern
people to take up arms against the Government.
It is true the leaders of this rebellion are desirous
of changing the form of government, but the peo-
ple are not; for they are as loyal to the principles
of the Government as ever they were. Put down
the rebellion and remove these fears, and they will
soon be the united people they formerly were.
We by so doing will receive the thanks of future
generations; but if we do not, we will justly re-
ceive their condemnation. The Prcsidentand the
people will save the Government if Congress will
let them do it. If the Constitution, and with it
free and popular government, be svvept away, and
one common ruin be visited on this once peaceful
and happy people, the blame should not be laid
to the President and the people, but at the door of
Congress.   _____
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. NOELL,
or Missouri,
In the House op Representatives,
May 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the propelty and fiee from servitude the slaves of
rebels—•
Mr. NOELL said:
Mr. Speaker: The debate on the confiscation
bill is'now about closed. Before the vote is taken
I beg to make a few remarks. I have watched the
discussion closely, and have observed with some
surprise that the opponents of the bill have been
constantly fighting what is not in it. Gentlemen
seem to be impressed with the idea that this bill
proposes to punish men for what they have done.
Sir, this bill does not propose to touch a dollar s
worth of property for any rebellious act that has
already been committed. The gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Harding,] a few days ago, spoke
eloquently upon the sentiment of mercy and for-
giveness as exhibited by our heavenly Father to
fallen man. Sir, I appreciate his just sentiments,
and hold that this bill is framed on the principles
he so much reveres. While it forgives past of-
fenses, it prohibits a repetition of crime, and im-
poses a penalty for disobedience. So does the mercy
and justice of God exhibit itself. We are called
upon to cease our rebellion, and if we do not, we
are told that we shall be cast into outer darkness.
But, sir, gentlemen ask us not only to forgive
the past, but ask us to give indemnity to rebels
in regard to future crimes. This, too, at the sac-
Nbw Series—No. 13.
rifice of loyal men. We are told, sir, that this
bill will punish the innocent as well as the guilty.
Gentlemen have dwelt eloquently on the proba-
bilities that the wives and children of rebels will
share the punishment inflicted on the guilty.
There may be cases of hardship which no human
foresight could guard against. But the same ob-
jection exists against every penal law. If we are
not to punish crime lest the execution of the laws
may injure those who stand in a near relation to
the criminal, we shall have to abolish all our crim-
inal laws. Wherever life, liberty, or property is
reached in the punishment of crime, the family of
the criminal shares his punishment. It is one of
those imperfections that attach to all human laws
and all human institutions. Whenever gentle-
men can attain perfection they may be able to pre-
sent perfect woik. Until that time, I must accept
the best regulations of human affairs that can be
obtained, and be content with that which falls far
short of perfection.
But, sir, while this nice sense of justice and
strong expression of charity is indulged in on be-
half of those who will persist in being traitors, I
should like to know if all compassion and sym-
pathy for loyal men is to be suppressed. Is it
true that our Constitution was made for the pro-
tection of traitors, and has no principle of security
for loyal men? Are our homes to be desolated,
and our wives and children to be stripped of the
meansof subsistence with impunity by rebels; and
when we ask of the Government to hold rebel
property as security against their depredations,
are we to be told that the Constitution has placed
that property beyond the reach of any practical
legislation ?
Sir, from the very beginning of this rebellion,
it has been built up, sustained, and walled around
by constitutional objections urged by Union men.
When the Star of the West entered Charleston
harbor unarmed, with food for our starving sol-
diers, it was denounced as a violation of the Con-
stitution and an indignity to the sovereignty of
South Carolina. When the President called for
volunteers todefend this capital against the llireat-
ened attack of the rebels, Union men North alii
South cried out there is no warrant for it, it is an
usurpation of power.
When my colleague from the St. Louis distnct,
with General Lyon, marched upon a nest of trai-
torsat Camp Jackson, and broke up their camp and
baffled the scheme to take Missouri out of the
Union, Union men were found declaring that the
constitutionalrightsofthecitizensofMissouri had
been trampled underfoot. When, sir, treason had
invaded every avenue of society in the border
States, and was executing its plans through its
emissaries and spies,in defiance of the Govern-
ment, and it became necessary to suspend the priv-
ilege of tiie writ of habeas corpus, one universal
howl was raised, " the constitutional rights and
privileges of the citizens have been taken away."
And now, sir, when it is proposed to reach the
property of men who, in sptte of fifteen months ex-
perience, will persist in murdennga whole nation
and watering a continent Willi blood,it cannot be
done without a violation of the Constitution !
We are told by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Harding] that whenever men determine to
do a thins they can always find excuses for it.
Yes, sir, that is true; and whenever men determ-
ine not to do a thing, they can always find good
reasons. When posterity shall read the history
of the present time, they will scarcely understand
how it is that a Government like ours could not
do a single act to save itself from destruction
without violating the law of its own existence.
But such seems to be the fact, and volumes of good
reasons have been furnished by its professed
friends to show that it is a matcliless system of
perfection, yet more helpless and imbecile than
an infant.
Sir, I know that I stand almost alone among
southern men on this question. But, sir, this is
not the first time in my life 1 have thus stood
When this wicked conspiracy firstdeveloped itself
in this House during the first session of the Thir-
ty-Sixth Congress, I, humble and unknown as 1
was,met and denounced itatthe threshold. Mine
was the solitary voice from Missouri that was
heard here in rebuke of the odious heresy of seces-
sion. Even my worthy colleague, [Mr. Phews,J
then, as now, the oldest member of the House,
who spoke so eloquently here a few days since on
this question, was then silent. I stood alone
among southern Democrats. I thank my God
that he gave me the moral courage to stana alone
in a just cause. I know, sir, that the secession
vote in Missouri, in connection with the quasi or
conditional Union men, constitutes a very large
minority, if not a majority. Perhaps, sir, in stand-
ing up here for the safety and security of the loyal
people there, I may be signing my political death-
warrant. But, sir, if I go down, I will go down
like the heroes of the Cumberland, with my flag
still flying, and my last act shall be that of pour-
ing a broadside into the ranks of treason!
Sir, I would as soon pocket the thirty pieces of
silver for which Judas sold liis Lord and Master,
as to hold public position by the votes of traitors.
I was charmed with the eloquence of the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] a few days since. To his patriotic sen-
timents I heartily subscribe. In his devotion to
the Constitution, I claim to go as far as he. We
look at it, however, from a different stand-point,
and give it adifl'erent construction. When I heard
his impassioned language, my pleasure was not
unmixed with pain. My mind ran back to the
desolation and ruin of my own section. I won-
dered how it could lie that a gentleman hailing
from a district in the Old Bay Slate, which had fur-
nished so many jewels in the crown of our national
glory, could find no balm in the Constitution to
cure the ills of patriots and loyalists, or guaran-
tees for their sccurily and protection.
Sir, must 1 go back to the persecuted Union men
of Missouri who have been robbed and plundered
without mercy by their rebel enemies, and tell
them that the Constitution is in the way of any
effective legislation that would hold the enemies'
property as security for their safety? Must I tell
them that their wives will have again to do like
the mother of Ishmael—take up their little ones
and flee to the wilderness. Sir, I intend to meet,
these people, and 1 intend to meet them as one con-
scious of having done his whole duty by them. I
would not barter the affection and regard of these
true and faithrul heaits for all the secession votes
that could be piled upon me, nor for all the honors
that earth can give. They have been true to the
country; I will be true to them.
CONFISCATION OF KEUEL rROPERTJT.
SPEECH OF HON. ALFRED ELY,
op new york,
In the House of Representatives,
Mmj 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves ot
rebels—
Mr.ELY said:
Mr. Speaker: More than thirteen months have
now elapsed since this war began by the attack
on Fort Sumter. During all this time the war has
raged by land and sea, along a dividing frontier
of two thousand miles, from Hampton Roads to
the mountains of New Mexico, ana along ft coast
line of still more interminable length. It lias stead-
ily enlarged its proportions until we have under
arms six hundred thousand men, rivaling the
military power of the first French empire m the
height of its glory, and a fleet upon the ocean and
upon our inland waters not short of that which
enabled England so long to boffleand finally to over-
come the great Napoleon. These naval and mil-
itary preparations have been sustained by a sys-
tem of loans greater than those which even the
genius of Pitt conceived to be possible, but sus-
tained by the confidence and resources of a young,
heroic, and intelhgentpeople; and which are about
to be still further sustained by a system of taxa-
tion more searching than any example of British
or French finance, but self-imposed, and wbicfi
will be cheerfully borne by a nation that deems no
sacrifice too great for the preservation of country
and of liberty. , ,
Contemplating the duration of this war, and the
vastness of the scale upon which it has been
is being carried on, we cannot but be struck with
the strength of the resistance which tius made such
