692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
The motion was agreed to—ayes one hundred
■and three,noes not counted.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
•resumed the Ghair, Mr. Mallory reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
fenerally under consideration, and particularly
louse bill No. 240, to authorize the issue of Uni-
ted States notes, and for the redemption and fund-
ing thereof, and for funding the floating debt of
the United States, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that debate be closed
upon the pending amendment to the Treasury
note bill in half a minute after its consideration
shall be resumed.
A Member. Say all debate on the first section.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mal-
lort in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] was the first ques-
tion to be considered.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Crisfield's
amendment.
Mr. CRISFIELD demanded tellers
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Alley and
Shanks were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 53, noes 93.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRISFIELD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew the second amendment that he had pro-
posed.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. I move to insert
in the first section, after the word " interest, "the
words, " payable semi-annually."
Mr. STEVENS. I am not opposed to that
amendment. 1 would say to the gentleman, how-
ever, that the Committee of Ways and Means,in
the substitute that I will move for this bill, have
included a like provision.
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. It is not certain
that that substitute will be adopted, and 1 would
therefore prefer to have my amendment voted on.
Unless these words be inserted, the interest on
these bonds will not be payable until the expira-
* tion of the twenty years which they have to run.
Now, 3VIr. Chairman, if the amendment is
adopted, 1 shall be in favor of the bill, for the fol-
lowing reasons:
Necessity compels us to pay our creditors in
Treasury notes. Our credit is exhausted; or per-
haps it will be more accurate to say that the
means of those who arc willing to lend to the Gov-
ernment have become exhausted.
To lay and collect taxes will require consider-
able time; besides, it cannot reasonably be ex-
pected that revenue enough can ever be derived
from taxation to meet ail the expenses of the Gov-
ernment while the war lasts. Practically, there-
fore, our Government is reduced to the necessity
of paying not only its other creditors, but our
brave soldiers, in its own notes. Thus compelling
our creditors (our brave soldiers included) to take
their pay m Treasury notes, is it not just, is it
anything more than common honesty, to allow
them to pay their debts in the same way ?
If these Treasury notes arc made a legal tender,
they will circulate as readily as specie in the pay-
ment of debts, and will only cease thus to circu-
late, if ever, when they have reachcd the hands
of those who have no debts to pay. And if, as the
enemies of the legal tender clause predict, they
ever fail in value below par, will not the loss fall
upon those who have money, and no debts to pay?
And can it fall on a class who will feel it less? !
And as it is this class of persons that constitute !
our money-lenders, it will be rather a favor than '
an injury to them; for these notes are convertible ;
into United States bonds, with semi-annual inter- j
est coupons attached, and therefore accomplishes j
for them just what they desire-—a safe loan of j
their money. I say a safe loan, for the issue of
these notes is to he followed by vigorous taxation;
and in equity the lender will have a lien on the
whole propcrtyof the United States as security for
every dollar of his debt, and a pledge of the public
faith that this security shall be made available.
The legal tender clause of the bill, therefore,
while it secures to our soldiers and the poorer class
of our citizens who have debts to pay great ad-
vantages, docs no real injury to capitalists, and
ought to be ictained.
The constitutional objections, have not been
overlooked. I think the Federal Government has
the same power to make these notesalegal tender
that it has to make anything else a legal tender.
It can make nothing a legal tender by virtue of
any express power. It is but an implied power
in any case. And if it is admitted, as it always
has been, that the Government possesses the power
to declare what shall be a legal tender in any case,
it has it without limitation. It can make one thing
a legal tender as well as another; and whether
these notes shall have that character or not, is a
question of expediency only, and not one of power.
It is objected by some that to make these notes
a legal tender will impair the obligation of con-
tracts, and is therefore unconstitutional. But this
is not true. ^ In every contract payable in money,
and no particular kind of money is named, it is
implied, and is a part of the contract, that it may
be discharged in what shall be the legal currency
at the time of payment. A change or enlarge-
ment of the legal currcncy of the country, and a
payment in such now currcncy, is no violation of
the contract, but is in pursuance of one of its im-
plied conditions.
Having the power, and believing on the whole
that the legal tender clause is a beneficial one, I
am in favor of retaining it in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope that the amendment
will be adopted.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING 1 move to amend
by inserting after the word "percentage" the
words "in coin," so that it will read, " interest
at six per centum per annum payable in coin."
The amendment was agreed to, eighty-two mem-
bers bavins? voted in the affirmative.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to insert before the
word "coin" the words " gold and silver,5'so
that it will read " payable in gold and silver com."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I move to add after the
words " per centum" the words " per annum."
As it reads now it will provide for twelve per
cent., instead of six per cent, per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to insert
oil page 2, line thirty-two,after "payablethere,"
the following:
Provided, That the Secre tary of the TreasuryshaIl,upon
piCfCiitation of said certificates of deposit, issue to the
holder thereof, at liiss option, and instead of the bonds al-
lcady described, an equal amount of bond"? of the United
States, coupon oi lettered, as may by said holder be de-
sired, bearing mteiest at the rate of seven per cent, per an-
num, payable in coin Rcini-annually, and redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States after live yrar* from the date
tlK-ieof.
Mr. Chairman, I would be glad if the commit-
tee would permit me to explain my amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will not object
this lime,but I will hereafter.
Mr. B"! EVENS. If the gentleman be allowed
to go on, there will have to bo an answer, and I
want this debate to close.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The proposi-
tion, if adopted, will facilitate the funding of these
notes.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. D1VEN. t move to insert the following
after the word "those," in line thirty-two, first
section:
And it shall be lawful for any holder of such notes to de-
posit the same with the sub-Trcasureis of Boston, New
Yoi k, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, and St. Lom?, respectively,
iu amounts of not ie5s than .3500, and lor a period of time
not less than thirty clays, and to receive in exchange there-
foi a certificate for the same, which it hhail be the dutv of
the lespcctive sub-Tiea^urcis afoiesaid toi^ue,btipukitui*
for the return of the amount so deposited at the peiiod in-
dicated m such certificate, with interest at the late ot six
per eont. per annum m taid demand Treasury notes pro-
vided for by this act: Provided, That the Secretaiy of the
Treasury shall have the right to give sixty days' notice ot
the intention of the Government to decline to receive such
deposits on interest; and incase such notice shall be given,
said notes shall cease to be a legal tender for debts through-
out the United States.
Mr. F. A. CONKLTNG. I move to amend the
amendment, so as to make the interest therein
specified five and forty-seven hundredths per cent,
instead of six per cent. That will facilitate the
calculation of interest very much.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following:
Or in sums not less than $2,500, for which, if requested,
the Secretary, if he deems it expedient, may issue similar
bonds, the principal and interestof which maybe expressed
in the currency of any foreign country, and payable there.
Mr. SPAULDING. The Committee of Ways
and Means, so far as I know, are willing that these
words should be stricken out.  
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move to amend by
striking out the words, in the eighth line, " at the
pleasure of the United States," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " one year after date."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I desire to ap-
peal to the committee that we may make some
arrangement by which we can come to a vote.
All must be aware that this voting will result in
nothing. The chairman 6f the Committee of
Ways and Means will, in the end, propose a sub-
stitute, which ho has perfected; and if they choose
to abide by it we will, in the end, have an oppor-
tunity to vote for our alternative proposition. I
ask whether it will not be better for gentlemen to
withdraw their various propositions, and give the
chairman an opportunity to modify his original
proposition, to allow me to introduce our alterna-
tive proposition, and then go into the House and
have a fair and square vote by yeas and nays.
[" Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman give us the yeas
and nays upon these questions in the House?
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly, on the main
question.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the bill will be reported to the House.
Mr. RIDDLE. Will that cut off any further
amendment? I desired to offer an amendment
which should prohibit the circulation of foreign
bank notes.
The CHAIRMAN. That ia a question for the
House to decide.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does this proposition cutoff
debate ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to strike
out the second section.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object, if the ef-
fect is to close debate upon the whole bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It will close debate upon
the whole bill.
Mr. VALLANDTGHAM. I understood that
the object was merely to withdraw the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion was that the
committee rise.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to strike
out the second section.
The second section was read.
Mr. FENTON. I have an amendment to offer
by way of perfecting the section before the vote
is taken on the motion to strike it out.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My purpose is,
after a few remarks, to withdraw the substitute I
proposed, and thus to comply with the suggestion
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
so that debate may be closcd upon this bill, and a
vote had by yeas and nays between it and the
substitute to be submitted, as I understand,by my
colleague, [Mr. Horton.] I acquiesce m the
proposition, but reluctantly. Very naturally I
prefer the substitute which, with considerable la-
bor and care, I have prepared. The details, in
some respects, to my mind at least, are preferable
to those of the substitute which will be submitted;
and as to the principle or idea upon which it pro-
ceeds, I believe that in practice it will be found
preferable also to that of the one for which I feel
obliged to vote. The difference between the two
consists uj this: the substitute which I offered pro-
