1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
taintng those vessels on the Pacific station. 1 will
take the Lancaster, which, as I have stated, is
located in the bay of Panama, as an illustration.
The annual expense to the Government pf main-
taining the Lancaster, is $405,414 per annum.
The payof officers,marines,and seamen amounts
to$97,374; provisions, $35,040; wear and tear and
consumption of stores, $84,000; and fuel per an-
num, |189,000; makinga total of #405,414. Three
such ships as is contemplated by this bill, and for
which we ask but a subsidy of $500,000, would
cost the Government annually $1,216,242. Three
such vessels as the little St. Mary's, a mere sloop,
a sailing vessel, would amount per annum to
$299,823. Three such vessels as the Cyane, an-
other sailing: vessel, would amount to $266,280 per
annum. The pay of officers, marines, and sea-
men in each, is estimated at nearly sixty thousand
dollars per annum; provisions $20,000; and the
wear and tear and consumption of stores, between
twenty and thirty thousand dollars; so that if you
take three of these vessels, mere sloops, the charge
made in this bill would really be economical on
the part of the Government.
Senators whose attention has not been called
specifically to this question may not be aware of
the extentofour commerce in those waters; they
may not know what amount of property we have
there. Why, sir, a work that I have been able to
get hold of, published a few yearsago, shows that
the American trading vessels in the Pacific alone
amount to 650, with a tonnage of 200,000, and
with 16,000 men employed. The vessels engaged
in the American whale fisheries which would,
necessarily, be incidentally protected by vessels
traversing the route prescribed in this bill in the
Pacific waters amount to 634, with a tonnage of
223,109, and employing 18,000 men. Their value
is $30,000,000, and give us a yearly piofit of
$10,000,000. The total number of vessels in the
Pacific that are to be protected incidentally by
these steamers, as provided foriu this bill, amount
to 1,284, with a tonnage of 423,109, and with
34,000 navigators, and a total value of $70,000,000.
This was an estimate made several yeais ago,
which must now be necessarily much increased.
1 have been unable to obtain a very recent esti-
mate, but I state the above as reliable.
Mr. President, I consumed so much of the time
of the Senate the other day on tins question that
I didViot, as I might have done, allude to these
statistics soelaboiately. Senators may naturally
ask why should wo engage in a trade of this kind,
supposing our commercial relations with that Gov-
ernment are not of a character to justify us in
this outlay. Why, sir, with the exception of the
European trade, there is no part of the known
habitable globe with whom our commercial rela-
tions arc so extensive, or have been so growing,
as with the Chinese empire. Let me take one
article alone—(lie article of tea. I make no allu-
sion to the silks, to the woiks of art, to the dye
stuffs, and to other commodities that we import
from that country; but 1 choose to take thatarticle
which is bestknown to Senators and the country,
and call your attention to the trade in thatarticle.
1 will read, for instance, the relative trade between
England and our country in the article of tea:
" In the first half of this time, that is, from 3792 to 1822,
England imported ol tea horn China, 737,G37,740 pounds,
or an average of 24.587,591 pounds pur year. The total
value of hoi tiade with that country, in this p"u«xl, win
$1,89-1.813,474, oi an annual trade of $63,160,419, and fiom
which the Government of Great Until in (k'nvud in this pe-
riod the aggregate rct'omr oi $110.233,422. I u the -ticectd-
In<? thirty ycais, that is, fiom 1«22 to 18.V), the quantity ot
tea impoited i>y i-<i)£land, tcached the ajrgiegate wou ht of
1,208,045,111 pounds or an annual avej'a^e oi 40,2GS,17U
pounds. At the beginning ol the term the yeaily impoit
wa« about 23,000,000 pound'!, and it now averages about
54,000,000 pounds annually. In this la-t thnty yeai* 'lie Ui'g-
lish derived in duties fiom ilnslea trade alone,-$550,311,014,
or a veaily icvenuc of $18,343,720.
"■The iir«t voyage irom the United Suites to China was
jntulc in 1785, but the tiade was not iauly opened until
1792; from that period it has continued to incicase until
our impoitatiots* of teas now averse about 16,000,000
pounds annually. The total value of imports irom the com-
mencement of the trade to thi* tune has leached the amount
0^58.8511283. Uurexpoits have amounted to -*£6.2f}0.2r>4;
leaving to be paid m the precious metals §172.098,019."
The reason why the balance of trade is against
us is because the specie carrying business that
was done by our Government alone up to 1837,
has been entirely taken by the English, as I ex-
plained to the Senate the other day. Up to 1827,
our vessels had carried direct to China the sum of
#88,851,606. The opium trade sprang up as be-
tween the British East Indies and the Chinese
ports about that time, so that the balance of trade
was in favor of England; and in order to meet
that, as 1 stated the other day, our American bills
of credit were substituted for the specie carrying
trade. The result has been that, from 1827 down
to 1834, the specie that we sentto China amounted
only to §7,988,616, while our American bills on
Chinese account, payable in London, for the same
time, amounted to $16,657,476.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California will suspend his remarks. The
hour has arrived for the consideration of the spe-
cial order of the day, which, by force of the rules,
supersedes the consideration of the present bill.
The bill now before the Senate, therefore, is Sen-
ate bill No. 151, to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state to the Senate that
I desire to make some observations on that bill,
and would be glad to proceed now unless it will
interfere seriously with the measure which is be-
fore the Senate, advocated by my friend from Cal-
ifornia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. With the permission of the
Senator from Michigan, 1 should like to finish this
bill. It will not occupy a long time. I am nearly
through. 1 do not think it will give rise to any
discussion.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like very much to
have the bill finished to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
discussion will not end probably with the remarks
of the honorable Senator from California. I shall
have a word or two to say upon this measure;
they will not be long, to be sure; and I do not
know what other Senators may desire to speak.
I cannot allow it to pass without entering my pro-
test against it, to say the least of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The floor is at
the disposition of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. If that be the case, I will
proceed.
CONFISCATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of rebels.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the great pur-
pose of the present bill is easily comprehended,
easily understood, easily stated. It contemplates
two classes of persons who have been or now are
engaged nvthe present rebellion against the Gov-
ernment; the first composed of such persons as
are absentees without the United States, owning
property within the United States; the other is
that class of persons who are resident within the
United States who own property within the limits
of the United States, and both classes are by the
plain terms of the bill described and treated as in-
surgents, having taken up arms against the Gov-
ernment of their country. The leading purpose
of the bill is to declare forfeit and confiscated all
the property, real and peisonal, corporeal and in-
corporeal, of both these classes of persons to the
United States, it being assumed by the bill, and
being so declared, that both classes of persons are
beyond the reach of the ordinary process of courts
of justice, and cannot be served therewith.
It need not be denied, Mr. President, that this
bill, in the features to which I have alluded, is
one of novelty m this country. I should rather
say, sir, and say more correctly, that for some
eighty years past—thank Heaven and the good
people of the United States of America in main-
taining a free republican Government—no .ocea-
: sion has presented itselfforcxereisingorenforcing
this description of legislation. But wo must re-
j member that we are living in novel times. We
j must remember that not this country only, but
i no country on the face of the globe was ever en-
gaged in a struggle like that which now deluges
J the face of this country in blood. We must con-
j template the .statu of tilings as it actually is.
Would that it weie different. Would that these
; horrible scenes were not now upon us. Would
that they could be by some ingenuity of man or
interposition of Heaven avoided. But, sir, we are
bound as men and as patriots, as lovers of the
Government under which we Jive; we are bound
by our oaths of office here; we are bound by our
obligations as the guardians of free government
and the sustainers of this great experiment at this
trying moment, and for all future time, to come
up to the work, and like men do our duty and our
whole duty.
The leading objection, aside from unconstitu-
tionality, to the principle of confiscation asserted
in the bill, and earnestly pressed upon our atten-
tion by its opponents, is that the practice is tainted
with the cruelties of past ages, is too antiquated
and harsh to receive recognition in modern wars,
and has, in fact, been dropped from the code of war
amono; civilized nations. And some gentlemen,
in their zeal, and in order to stamp upon it the
odium of semi-barbaiism, have asserted that the
practice has not prevailed since the conquest of
England by William the Norman, and that en-
lightened, civilized nations have refused to resort
to it. If such be the historical fact; if the advo-
cates of this great measure, great in what it un-
dertakes, great in the mighty political and social
renovation it proposes to work in the insurgent
States,great in its teachings of allegiance and loy-
alty to a deluded portion of our countrymen,
greater in the salutary and necessary retribution
it carries home to the enemies of order, liberty,
and free government, and greatest in the protcc*
tion and gratitude it promises to the faithful found
among the faithless in the bosom of the rebellion;
if, I say, the advocates of this measure are depart-
ing from high historical precedents and endeav-
oring to commit our Government to a practice
which will leave upon it the stain o^dishonor in
the face of the civilized world, surely we ought
to pause. Surely we ought never to incur such
a stigma. Though we all feel, all know, that the
provocation which has impelled us to take up arms
is wanton and wicked; though the impartial pen
of history must record the fact that the insurgents
never suffered a wrong at the hands of the Gov-
ernment and had no ground whatever to apprehend
any; though their whole conduct from the begin-
ning has been marked with perfidies and atrocities
towards the Government and its loyal supporters,
unexampled even in the chronicles of civil war,
yet, for the sake of the great principles of human-
ity, for the sake of our own good name and the
future good name of our beloved country, we rfiust
not yield to the impulses even of a just resent-
ment and suffer ourselves to do that which may
be indefensible in the eyes of mankind. "
Does, then, the practice of forfeiture and con-
fiscation to the use of the State as a means of car-
rying on war justly deserve the denunciations it
has received in this discussion ? Is it by the usage
of nations excluded as an instrument of modern
warfare? Is it such a violation of the rules of
humanity as to have gone into disuse in modern
tunes? '
I do not so read history. On the contrary, I
find it to be what it ever has been, an ordinary
form of reprisals, a means of carrying on hostil-
ities as ancient as the idea of property itself, re-
ceiving the practical sanction of all ages, from the
time when Nestor seized and carried off the herds
of the JEleans to compel them to pay their debts,
down to this very day. I find it recognized and
sanctioned by the great teachers of the laws of
war, and by the most distinguished and magnan-
i&nous heroes who have illustrated the art of war.
[As a means of hostility, history shows it to be as
allowable as the killing of our enemies, making
them prisoners, or weakening them and strength-
ening ourselves in any other manner.
I he history of the civil wars of England ever
since the Conquest, has been marked by seizures
and confiscations. The very rule of the common
| law, by which the commission of treason is fol-
j lowed by a foifeiture of real and personal estate,
j is a plain adoption of the principle of confiscation
j into the law of England; and though she now dis-
i cards another incident, the corruption of blood,
j she would, I apprehend, be the last nation on earth
\ to reject the principle of confiscation in the pros-
!, ecutiou of her wars. Under this form of carrying
j; on war, and often as against the subjects of na-
ij tions with whom she was at peace, she has too
! often filled her treasury with the gams acquired
! by her expeditions, almost, if not wholly, worthy
j of the name of plunder and piracy; too often has
j her navy seized upon neutral commerce; toooften
i have her privateers plundered the ocean, carrying
; home from the Spanish main the rich ingots from
; theminpsof Mexico andSouth America; too often
