1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
have her military authorities violated all the hu-
mane rules of modern war in their treatment of
the enemy, to allow her to criticise the practice of
confiscation. It does not lie in her mouth to school
us, or the rest of the world, on this subject. She
must first blot out from her history the precedents
she has set in the seizure of the Church property
under Henry VIII, the terrible confiscations of
lands and goods at the restoration of the dynasty
of the Stuarts, whose owners were hung anu quar-
tered under the sentences of her Jeffreys and
Scroggs, or forced into exile by the restoied ty-
rants; the confiscations of the property of many
of her cavaliers, who fled to Virginia and else-
where to avoid the pikes of Cromwell and his lib-
erty-loving Puritans; and she must also expunge
from her history th<5 truth recorded against her by
our fathers in their Declaration of Independence,
that she had " plundered our seas, ravaged our
coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives
of our people."
We need not go far back in the history of
France to find the most striking evidence that this
principle has not been renounced as a means of
war, especially of civil war. The revolution of
1789, by which the feudal system was destroyed
and the French nation regenerated, owed its suc-
cesses and the final triumph of the great principles
which lay at us foundation, to confiscations of
the propei ty of the enemies of the republic within
the limits of France.
1 know it is the fashion of many to speak of
these things not as precedents to be followed, but
warnings to be herded. The occasion does not
require or allow me to enter into the discussion
of the abstract justice of those confiscations, and
I only refer to them as presenting a most signal
precedent set by the leading continental nation of
Europe. The French people were not barbarians.
They were not adventurers like the followers of
William the Conqueror, leaving their own coun-
try to acquire power, pelf, and plunder m Britain.
They were struggling for freedom and equal rights.
They were striving to shake off the burdens of cen-
turies of suffering and wrong under their despotic
kmgsand their still more despotic nobility. They
drew the sword against privilege, and threw away
the^scabbard. That we.may not accuse them of
passionate haste letus look upon the picture which
the ablest, most impartial, and most accurate of
modern historians draws of their condition at that
period. M. Thiers says:
ik The political and economical state of the country
was intolerable. Evoijthing was piivilege 111 individuals,
classes, cities, province-;, and even tiade*. Everything was
a trammel upon industry and the genius of man. Civil,
ecclesiastie.il, and nitht.uy dignities weie exclusively ic-
seived lor ceitain elates, and among these classes to
eeitain individuals. A protection could not be embraced
except under ceitain titles and peeutuai y conditions. The
cities had the piivilege oflevj tug and collecting the imports
and a <-hare theieof, and the choice of magnates. Meic
favors fiom the Ctown wetc convt ited by ions,' smvivoi-
ship< m the family into family pi opei ty, and did notpeimit
the monaicli to <rtve any pielerenees. No liberty lemamed
except in coiwdeution of peeuniai y eifts, and the minister
had to be deputed with toi the abolition oi a buiden winch
was wholly without value or utility. Kveij tiling w,is mo •
tionless in a lew hand-, and eveivwheie the lew tested
the despoiled many. Buidens weighed upon the one class.
The nobilny and the cletsy held neat!) two thuds of the
lands, the other thud ua<-~held by the people, who paid the
impost^ to the king, disehaiged a thron? of feudal lights to
the nobility, paid the tithe to the cleigv, and. besides, sus-
tained the deputations committed by the noble-* m their
hunting exclusions The imposts weighed most heavily
upon consumption, and consequentlyupon the mass of the
people. The mode ofcoileetion was vexatious. Theseig-
mois were always, and with impunity, in aireai-, while the
people, on the contiaiy. maltteated, imprisoned, weie con-
demned to suriender then poisons in defauitof then goods.
Thev noun-hed with theii sweat, thoy defended with then
blood, the hiirh classes of society without benn: able to live
themselves."
Sufli is the revolting picture of the condition of
the French people. Itwas of these abuses,grow-
ing out of the feudal system, which made the
laboring and producing elassis the victims, the
dension of an idle and elletmnate nobility, that
the people demanded reform. Theii efforts weie
resisted by the privileged classes, the loyal fam-
ily, and the great m.\ss of the nobility and clergy.
Privilege was tiuc to its instincts, itclungtoits
advantages with desperate tenacity, and legard-
mg all as enemies and plunderers who sought to
loosen its grasp upon its long enjoyed spoils, pre-
pared to plunge the nation into the horrors of civil
war. To this end it divided its forces, and while
some remained at home to act the part of spies
upon the republicans, and to welcome the foreign
in vader to the soil of France, others emigrated and
stirred up the surrounding nations to join in the
bloody crusade against the republic. Within and
without she was beset by implacable foes. Both
a foreign and intestine war pressed upon her.
Treason and assassination within cooperated with
legitimacy from without, and while the friends of
reform c^ied aloud,44 liberty, equality, fraternity,"
piivilege, in the midst of its myrmidons, hover-
ing on the frontiers, raised the gloomy shout of
'"order, legitimacy, down with anarchy."'
Without justifying the excesses inseparable
from the struggle, we are not surprised at, nay,
we cannot but admire the spirit of steady defiance
and whole-souled devotion of the patriots to their
principles, when, with leaguenng armies of for-
eigners upon their borders, and the fires of civil
strife raging in their midst, they proclaimed i( war
to the castle, peace to the cottage.'' Il showed
they weie conscious that they were struggling in
the interest of liberty, and that courage, a courage
that defies all the assaults and all the enticements
of power is, after all, the only safeguard for its
protection and preservation.
A wasteful and corrupt court had bankrupted
the public treasury. The nobles, whose estates
had contributed so little to the public burdens,
were fugitives abroad, conspiring with the public
enemies for the overthrow of liberty and the res-
toration of the old tyranny. The estates of the
Church, comprising about one eighth of the lands,
had never contributed a farthing to the public ne-
cessities, and most of their occupants were openly
disloyal to the republic, giving aid and comfort to
the royalist conspirators at home and correspond-
ing with the enemy abroad.
Under these circumstances, and as an obvious
means of defending the country and prosecuting
the war, the Convention seized upon and confis-
cated to the public use the estates, leal and per-
sonal, of the emigrant nobles who refused to ad-
here to the republic, and also the property of the
Church, providing for the support of the loyal
priests and for religious worship, out of the funds
of the State. This property constituted the sole
basis on which the financial system of France
rested, fiom the commencement of the republic
down to 1800, and during that period more than
five hundred millions <3f dollars was, as history
shows, derived from the sales of such property.
It was a plain, undisguised confiscation; and the
sales weie never wholly atrested during the reign
of Napoleon. It was not without its benefits. It
caused the estates of a once burdensome privileged
class to change hands, parceled them out, and
placed them in the possession of small proprietors,
thus lendermg them productive, and inviting and
encouraging the industry of the free laboring man.
This great measure, and the early decree abolish-
ing nobility and the right of primogeniture, made
of France a new nation. They secured to her the
realization of the \isii n of l'Abbe Seycs: " What
is the thud estate? Nothing. What should it be ?
Everything." They gave to France a patriotic
soldiery who carried her conquering eagles to all
the capitals of Europe. They gave to every
Frenchman, however lowly, a home and a fire-
side. And they taught the world that nations
and law and order and lenown can subsist with-
out privilege; that the only solid foundation of
national strength is in the hearts of an industrious,
laboring, self-sustaining people; that liberty and
equality arc no dream, and that there is no patri-
otism so strong as that which arises fiom a senti-
ment of brotherly kindness, and a consciousness
of equality before the law.
Sir, the analogies existing between the social
condition of France at that fiightful period, and
that ptevailing under the slavcholdmg oligarchy
in a large portion of the insurgent States, cannot
escape the notice of the careful observer. It has
11 plainly not escaped the notice of the leaders of the
i| insuneetion. But had they been wise in time, had
j; they considered calmly the difficulty of forcvcrup-
!j holding the principle of piivilege and all its con-
|| eomitants m the midst of a people worshiping
]l liberty and equality as their household gods, this
fratricidal war would never have burstfoith. Hut
let me tell them that in their mad attempt to banish
these gods from the hearths of their own people,
they will in the end but endear them to their tiue
worshipers; and, like the French noblesse, find
themselves driven from the congregation. In say-
I ing this, I do not refer to the black population.
It does not detract from the force of this exam-
ple that there were great and lamentable excesses
committed by the new Government. Every rev-
olution has its irregularities over which humanity
is compelled to weep. I refer to the confiscations
in France, not so much to approve them as to
present them as a striking precedent to show that
civilized nations have not disused this species of
reprisals as a means of waging war. Surely an
instrumentality that was employed by Napoleon
habitually and for long years against his own dis-
loyal countrymen, does not, as a wajt measure,
deserve to be characterized as semi-barbardu .
Nor did he confine the right of reprisals to the
property of an enemy, but, as he was at liberty
to do under the recognized laws of war, extended
it to the persons of his enemies found within his
dominions at the commencement of hostilities,
detaining them either as prisoners or hostages.
An instance of this kind occurred on the rupture
of the treaty of Amiens.
But I pass from European precedents to those
nearer home. As a means of carrying on war,
the principle of confiscation was fully recognized
by the several States during our Revolution. The
precedents it furnishes seem to me perfectly con-
clusive upon us. They constitute an important
chapter in the history of that war, and we cannot
disregard them; we cannot treat them as evidence
of barbarism or even-unnecessary severity, with-
out bringing a leproach upon our fathers as men
and Christians, and a stigma upon their cause. I
begin with Georgia. ^
Georgia passed numerous acts of confiscation
during the revolutionary war. On the 1st of
March, 1778, by a single act, she attainted of trea-
son one hundred and seventeen citizensofSavan-
nah, and confiscated all their property, real and
peisonal, as well as all the property, real or per-
sonal, of all persons who, since the 19th ofApril,
1775, had levied war or conspired against the safety
of the State. (See Maubury & Crawford's Di-
gest of the Laws of Georgia, from 1755 to 1800,
P. 61)
On the 4th of May, 1782. her Legislature, by a
similar act, banished from the State some three
hundred peisons, and declared ail their estates,
real and personal, confiscated to the use of the
State.
The Supreme Court, in Higgenson vs. Mein, (4
Crane!),) recognize the validity of these confisca-
tions. Indeed, the fifth article ofthe treaty of peace
recognizes them and all others, for it expressly
nrovidcs that all persons who have any interest
in confiscated lands, cither by debts, marriage,
settlements, or otherwise, shall meet with no law-
ful impediments in the prosecution of their just
rights.
"in April, 1776, South Carolina passed an act
called the sedition act, by which she outlawed all
persons who had taken service under the king,
dcclaiing them guilty of a capital offense, and for-
feiting their estates.
In- February, 1782, she declared forfeited and
confiscated to the use of the State all the property,
real and personal, of a list of proscribed persons,
declaring her commissioners "fully seized and
possessed" of all such property, and authorizing
them to sell and convey the same to purchasers.
The number of persons against whom this act
of attainder and confiscation was passed, was
about three hundred, and the amount of property
must have been large.
I n 1779, the Assembly of North Carolina passed
an act declaring—
"Thatall the ljuids, tenements, hereditaments, and mov-
able property within this State, and all and every right,
utle, and interest theiein, of which any person was seized
or possessed. or to which any person had title on the 4th
day oi July, A. D., 1776, who on «.aid day was absent from
this State and cveiy part of the United States, and who stitl
is absent Jrom the same, or who hath at any lime during the
present war attached himself to or aided or abetted the enemies
of the United States, or ivko has withdrawn himselffrom this
or any of the United States after the day aforesaid, and still
resides beyond the limits of the United States, shall be, and
are hereby, declared to lie confiscated to the use of this
State."~j3cts of Assembly of North Carolina, edition of
ltit)4, p. 244.
This statute operated not only against disloyal
persons at home or abroad, but against absentees
who had committed no offense and taken no part
in the wai. L proceeds upon the ground that the
citizen owes it to the State as a duty in such a
crisis to stay at home and help defend it.
In May, 1779, the Legislature of Virginia passed
