1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vides for the issue of Treasury notes, or Treasury-
certificates, receivable for the public dues, made
sure and sufficient by taxation, and having that,
and their capability of being funded in interest-
bearing stocks, as their only title to credit, and in-
tended to circulate primarily between the Govern-
ment and its creditors and debtors: the substitute
to be proposed, as I understand, is in accordance
with the precedents of Treasury note acts passed
for some fifty years back; and in that respect, there-
fore, I can have no objection to Jt. But I cannot
persuade myself that in practice jt will be found
available or adequate to meet the wants of the
Treasury, and thus to preserve the public credit.
For this reason, and because I believe that my
proposition is more conformable to the principle
upon which the Government ought to proceed, I
would prefer my own substitute, which, not recog-
nizing any right in the Federal Government to pro-
vide a currency for the people in their ordinary
transactions, does admit its right to furnish a tem-
porary currency between the Government and its
debtors and creditors, its tax payers and tax con-
sumers. But at the same time, for the purpose of
meeting the wishes, and conforming also to the
opinions of a portion of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and of other gentlemen also who com-
prehend this subjcct better than I do, and because
the proposition will not materially vary from that
which has been sanctioned by the practice and ex-
perience of many years, I cannot decline to vote
for it, not of choice, but rather of necessity, and to
combine the greatest strength against the iniqui-
tous and monstrous and ruinous measure which is
about to be forced through the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I wanted to suggest whether
we could not make this arrangement: that the
committee rise and let the bill come into the House,
and the previous question be called and sustained
upon it; and then let each substitute be offered in
its turn, with the understanding that any gentle-
man who wants the yeas and nays may have them.
Then wo shall get the one we like best.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. My objection to
that is twofold. First, I prefer the other method
because I have agieed with others to do it; and
in the next [dace, there are other substitutes which
cannot be introduced under that arrangement.
I withdraw my substitute, and yield the floor
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roscoe
C 0 nk ling.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Every person j
who conscieneiously pursues any work, and ar- |
rives at a result, of course feels some interest, j
even if he feels no pride, in the result which he j
arrives at; and 1 should be un can did if I did not
admit to devoting a good deal of time to this sub-
ject. I believed, and still believe, that the substi-
tute which 1 pioposed, with such modifications
of form or otherwise, if necessaiy, as might be
suggested, would be a working, and nil adequate
working scheme for the purpose which is now to
be supplied.
Nevertheless, sir, inasmuch as I believe that no
possible result to which the committee or the
House can arrive will be so bad, so lastingly det-
rimental, will lay the foundations of regret so
enduring, as the adoption of any plan by which
paper is to be made a legal tender for the payment
of debts, past, present, and future; believing that,
and knowing that the Committee of Ways and
Means, exactly half of the committee, the acting
committee, i.s prepared to propose a substitute
which avoids that objection; and thinking, as I do,
with great respect to the chaitman, that at ieast
half of the weight of the committee is m favor of
this scheme to be presented, I withdraw, and very
cheerfully withdraw, the substitute I presented,
and yield the floor to the gentleman fiom Ohio,
for the purpose of presenting the substitute.
Mr. HORTON. I offer an amendment, in the
form of a substitute, for the bill now before the
committee. Jt is a bill which has the sanction
of one half of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The substitute, which was read, was to strike
out all after the word u that," and insert the fol-
lowing:
For temporal v purpose?, tlic Secretary of the Treasury
be, and ho i? hereby, authorized to on the cicdit of
the United State*, 00.000,000 ofTreasuiv uofs, beat nil?
interest at the iate of thiee and si\tj-live hundiedths pei
cent. p<-£ annum, payable in two yeans altei date to
bearer at tlie Tieasury ot the United States,or at theolfiee
of the Assistant Treasurer in the city of New York, or at the
693
office of the designated depositary in the city of Cincinnati,
and of such denominations as he may deem expedient, not
less than five dollars each ; and such notes? shall be receiv-
able for all public dues, except duties on import*!, and for
all salaries, debt*, and demands owing by the United States
to individuals, corporations, and associations within the
United States, at the option of such individuals, eoipora-
tions, and associations; and any holder of said United
States notes depositing any sum not less than fifty dollars,
or some multiple of fifty, with the Treasurer of the United
States, or either of the AssistantTrcasurers, or either of the
designated depositaries at Cincinnati or Baltimoic, shall re-
ceive in exchange therefor duplicate certificates ofdeposit
for the amount, with any accumulated intere&t thereon, one
of which may be transmitted to the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury, who shall thereupon issue to the holder an equal
amount in bonds of the United States, coupon or registered,
as may be desired, bearing interest at the rate of seven and
three tenths per cent, per annum,payable semi-annually
in coin, and redeemable at the pleasure of the Government
after ten years from date; and such Treasuiy notes shall
be received the same as com, at their par value, with ac-
cumulated interest, in payment for any bonds that may be
hereafter negotiated by the Sccictary of the Treasuiy, and
the Secretaiy of the Treasury may, from time to time, as
the exigencies of the public service may require, issue any
amount of such Treasury notes equal to the amount re-
deemed. There shall be punted on the back of the Treas-
ury notes winch may be issued under the provisions of this
act, the lollowing words: " The within note is receivable
inpayment of all public dues, except duties on imports,
and is exchangeable tor bonds of the United States, bear-
ing seven and three tenth* per cent, inteiestper annum,
payable in coin, semi-annually.''
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it fuithcr enacted, That, to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy to fund the Treasuiy notes and float-
ing debt of the United States, lie is lieieby authorized to
issue, on the credit of the United States, coupon bonds, or
legistered bonds, to an amount not exceeding $500,000,000,
$•-200,000,000 beaimg intei c t at the rate of seven and three
tenths per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually m coin
and redeemable at the plea=uie of the Government after ten
years from date, and ©300.000,000 icdeemable at the pleas-
uic of the Government after t\vent}-four yeais from date,
and beating inteie&t at the iate of six pei cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually in coin. And the bonds herein au-
thorized shall be of such denominations, not less than fifty
dollar, as may be detei mined upon by the Seeietaiy of the
Tieasury; and the Secrciaiy of the Treasuiy may also ex-
change, at par, such bonds at anv time for lawful money of
theUnited States,orior any of the Treasury note* that have
been, oi may heicaftei be, issued under any foimci aetut
Cougioss, oi that may he issued under the pi ovisions of this
act.
Sec. 3. Andhcitjurthci cnactcd, Thatthe Treasury notes
and the coupon ot legisteiert bonds aulhouzcd by this act,
shall be in such form as the Secretary of the Treasurymuy
(Inect, and shall beai the wiitten or engiaved signature of
tiie Titasuter of the United Sutcs and the JJi'gn-tei of the
Tieasmy; and also, as evidence ot lawful issue, the un-
pnnt of a copy of the seal of the Tieasmy Drpaitinent,
which inipiint shall be made under the dncetion of the
Sccictary, after the said notes or bonds shall be received
from the enslavers, and beloie they are issued; or the said
notes and bonds shall be signed by the Tieasuiei of the
United States, or lot the Treasurer, by such prrsous as may
be specially appointed by the Secretary of the TieaMirvfor
that puipo^e, and shall be countei i«nod by the Register of
the Tieastuv, or lor the Iiegi-ter, by such persons as the
Sectetaiy ot the Thm-iiiv ni.tj specially appoint for that
purpose; and all the pioviMotis ol the act entitled "An act
to authorize the r-sue of Treasury notes,'1 apptoved the
2:3d day o! December, l^v7,so far as they can be applied lo
tli in act, and not inconsistent i here with, ate hereby tevived
and iconacted ; and the sum of $300,000 i< hereby appro-
pi Kited, out ot any money in the Tieasmy not otheiwise
appiopuated, to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
cany tlu-> act into eflect.
Sicr. 1. And he it fuithcr enuctcd, That any person or
pewtns, or anv eorpoi at ton, holding Treasury note, may,
al any tune. depo>if them, in sums of not le-s than £.")U0,
with any ol the A^MantTieaMirers, or designated deposi-
tauesot the Tinned States authorize d by the Secretary ot the
Ticasuiy to in five tlu-in, who shall is-ue tln-ielor trail*--
ferable certificates of deposit, made in such form as the Sec
letary of the Treasury f-bail prescribe, and said certificates
o( deposit shall beai inn-iest afiei thirty days at the iate of
fi\eand two fifth-- of one p<'i cent pet annum; and any
Tieasury notes so deposited may be withdrawn from de- 1
posit at auj tune on tin* letutn of said eeilificates, but no J
interest .shall be allowed except altei tlurtv d.ivs And all
such deposits shall ee,t-c and deteiintne at the pica-anc of j
tin- Seeietcity ol the Tiea-ttrv. and after ten days' notice
shall have been irtven to Hie depositor.
See ■>. And hi'it further cnactcd. That if any person or
persons shall iaWeh make, joi;re, eomiteifeit, or altei, or
cause oi piocuie lo'be talsely made, foiged, counterfeited,
or alteicd, or shall willingly aid oi assist m faloely makina:,
fotgtng, counted citing, of altering any note, bond, orcenifi-
cate issued under the authority of this act, or heictofote
issued under acts to authorize the issue of Tieasmy notes
or bond*, oi shall pas*, uttei, publish, oi sell, or attempt to
pass, utter, publish, or sell, or bring into the United States
from any foteign place with intent to pass, uttei, publish,
or sell as tiu.\ or shall have, oi keep in poscc^ion, or t on-
ceal, with intent to uttei, publish, ot >eil as Hue anv such ;
false, foiged, coutiteiteited.oi alteted note, bond, oi eemli- i
cafe with intent to defiaud'any liod\ eorpoiate oi politic,oi ■
any other person oi peisons wliatsoex <>r, every peison so ,
oliendins shall be deemed cult} of felon}, and shall, on j
conviction theteof, be punished" by fine not exceeding ,
£3,000. and bj imprisonment and confinementto hard labor |
not exceeding fifteen ycais. j
Mr.STEVENS. I move to strikeout the whole j
of that substitute, and to insert what I send to the
Clerk V dr.sk. j
1 wish to }>tate in regard to my amendment that j
it is a modification of the original bill. Those who
are in favor of the original bill have agreed upon
this in lieu of it. We thought it better to adopt
the suggestion contained in the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio of $150,000,000, retiring the
^ $50,000,000 of demand notes, and of making
$150,000,000 the maximum to which they shall
go. That is about all the change there is, except
that we have left out the foreign circulation clause
which is in the other; and we have agreed to
adopt an amendment by which the holders of these
notes may convert them either into twenty years
bonds, at six per cent., or five years' bonds, at
seven per cent., at their option.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I suggest to the
gentleman that he simply modify the original prop-
osition, and let the vote be taken on the substitute
of my tolleague, [Mr. Horton.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I was about to
suggest to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that the effectof his motion will
be to bring us to a vote when we get into the
House, first on his substitute; and if that prevails
j the House will never come to a vote on the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Horton.]
I suggest to him, therefore, whether he had not
better propose his as a substitute for the original
bill, and then let the gentleman from Ohio pro-
pose his as a substitute for that.
Mr. STEVENS. As the matter now stands,
the House will understand perfectly well that it
is a question between the two measures.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would like to vote for
this substitute, with an amendment that I propose
to make. 1 am not sufficiently familiar with the
rules of the committee to know whether I can state
my reasons forit. I move to strike outin the four-
teen tli line of the first section the words, " except
duties on importations of foreign goods, wares,
and merchandise."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Those words are
out now.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky is not in order. It is
an amendment to the first section of the bill, and
that has been passed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. There has been no vote
taken on the first section. It was read only for
information.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. HORTON. I gave way to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to offer his substitute. I de-
sire now, with the leave of the committee, to make
' one or two verbal amendments in my own sub-
i stitute.
| Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 understood that thegen-
! tleman from Ohio [Mr. Horton] had moved to
j amend the original bill.
j The CHAIRMAN. He offered an amendment
I in the nature of a substitute.
: Mr. WICKLIFFE. Weil, is it not in order
! to move to amend that substitute before it js voted
i on ?
, The CHAIRMAN. It is. The Chair under-
! stood the gentleman to propose his amendment to
1 the original bill.
! Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, no, sir; 1 move to
i amend the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio,
S by striking out that clause of the first section
! which provides that these notes shall not be re~
! ceived in payment of duties on imported goods,
i The CHAIRMAN. The clause the gentleman
! from Kentucky proposes to strike out is not in
: the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio. lie has modified it so as to strike that
i out.
! Mr. WICKLIFFE. He has modified it so as
1 to strike ihat out?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am very much obliged
! to him.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to cor-
i rect ihe Chair as to a matter of fact. The words
I which the gentleman moved to strike out are not
in the substitute, but the meaning is there. The
substitute as now offered contains the words, "ex-
cept duties on imports," although the more re-
dundant expression is not there. So that the
! motion of the gentleman from Kentucky was well
taken in substance, though the words he moved
1 to strike'out have been changed.
