1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2675
jurors to serve in the several courts in the District
of Columbia.
Also, that the House had passed the bill of the
Seriate (No. 89) to amend the act of 3d of March,
1837, entitled " An act supplementary to the act
entitled ' An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States,'" with amendments; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a lull (No. 468) to extend the charter
of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany, and for other purposes; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 260) makingappropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with the various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1863.
THE TAX BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to
thebill(H.R.No.312)to provide internal revenue
to support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr.
"William S. Holman of Indiana, managers at the
same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 312) to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Governmentand pay
interest on the public debt, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon it? amendments to
the said bill, disagteed to by the House of Representative*,
and agree to the conference asked by the Hou&e of Rep-
resentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fes-
sendee, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Henderson.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 302) to*protect the property
of Indians who have adopted the habits of civil-
ized life; and it was signed by the Vice President.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. LATHAM. I now renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to inquire if that mo-
tion gives the bill preference over all other meas-
ures any longer than to-day? It is not proposed
to make it a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it remains as the
unfinished business when the Senate adjourns to-
day, it will come up to-morrow as unfinished busi-
ness, like any other bill; that is all.
Mr. WRIGHT. Not as a special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not a special
order.
The motion of Mr. Latham was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.No.
364) to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cifi<focean, and to sccure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, before the
Senate proceeds to a critical analysis of the various
sections, I feel it my duty to present a few gen-
eral ideas upon this impot tant measure, and a spe-
cial review of the leading features of the bill. I
deem this course most economical of the time of
every Senator, and perhaps it may obviate the ne-
cessity of response to many objections which will
legitimately arise in the progress of debate.
The subject of an inter-oceanic railway, uniting
the Pacific with the Atlantic, has seriously occu-
pied the attention of the American people and Con-
gress since the admission cf California into the
Union. There is, in feet, no measure more uni-
versally understood and its necessity appreciated
by men of ail parties, or any more earnestly ad-
vocated in years past by distinguished statesmen,
than this project now before the Senate of the
United States. Mr. Jefferson, at the opening of
the present century, saw the importance, nay, ne-
cessity, of exploring a route from the valley of
the Mississippi to the ocean; at a period, too,
when the Republic was in its infancy; its popu-
lation but five millions; its territorial rights in the
vast region within the then Territory of Oregon
undefined, the separation of the American from
British territorial lines not having been made until
nearly forty years after, when adjustment was
effected by the Washington treaty of 1846.
The celebrated expedition of Lewis and Clark,
through the long, bleak, unbroken wilderness as
it was in that age, passing three winteis in the
enterprise, was more than tsvo years in exploring
to the mouth of the Columbia river, having traveled
four thousand miles, starting from the confluence
of the Mississippi and Missouri, and occupying
three years in the overland and return transit.
The time, the toil, the incredible hardships and
perils of the expedition show the importance of
the contemplated results, destined to affect so
vastly the interests of the great American family.
Since then, what an amazing change has taken
place! Two generations are no more, and the
illustrious men of that age have passed into his-
tory. The Republic, as it came from the victo-
rious patriots of the Revolution, in virtue of the
Declaration of Independence, as recognized in the
definite treaty of peace in 1783, fixed the terri-
torial limits in area equal to eight hundred and
twenty thousand six hundred and eighty square
miles. Those limits, by the Louisiana treaty of
1803, with the French republic, by the Florida
treaty of 1819 with Spain, by Texas annexation
resolutions of 1845, by the Guadalupe Hidalgo
treaty of 1848 with Mexico, and the Gadsden
treaty of 1854, have been increased to three mil-
lions and a quarter of square miles, double the area
of the Roman empire at its greatest period ofexpan-
sion, after battling for possessions for a thousand
years. With its territorial growth has'kept pace
its population, now thirty-three millions, far ad-
vanced in civilization; and by the application of
steam as a motive power on land and sea, and
lightning as a medium for the transmission of in-
telligence, the country stands in practical science
centuries in advance of any previous era in the
history of man. It is not disputed that the prog-
ress of the United States in every industrial de-
partment has been rapid and constantly sustained,
in agriculture,manufactures,and commerce. The
first geographical division, the Atlantic slope, was
where these great interests were first developed on
this continent.
The restless Anglo-Saxon race, under its new-
born Government of fieedom, soon spread itself
over the great valley of the Mississippi, and now
on the Pacific shoies confronts the millions of
Asia, and js preparing to dispute supremacy with
the commercial rivals of the Union. The results
of our industrial activity may be understood by
a few items of illustration.
The yield of corn alone for the year 1860, was,
in bushels, nine hundred millions; the domestic
produce exported for the year ending 30th June,
1860,as shown by the icportoftheTieasury, was
eousiderably upwards of four hundied millions of
dollars, and about thirty-eight millions of dollars
in excess of foreign imports. To this may be added
profits on thoseexpoitsand costof transportation
in American vessels, all of which it would not be
unreasonable to estimate as again to our own peo-
ple in that year's transaction of §100,000,000.
In addition to our foreign commerce, (taking the
year 1860 as an average, less than will exist when
peace returns,) we have an internal annual trade
of over one thousand five hundred millions of
dollars carried coastwise, up the bays and Urge
rivers, on the great lakes by steamers and sailing
vessels, on the Mississippi and its affluents, by
two thousand vessels, then by overland thiough
the great railway system—a system begun tlnity
years ago, yet now equal to thirty thousand miles ^
in operation, with sixteen thousand miles addi- |
tional projected; all together uniting to form a net-
work over the older portions of the United States,
at a cobt of $1,000,000,000.
Now, it is proposed to link these arteries of in-
ternal prosperity by one which shall traverse the
great interior region from the valley of the Mis-
sissippi westward to the ocean, uniting with the
local system of the Pacific, the land of. mineral
and agricultural wealth, which, since its admis-
sion into the Union, has furnished an annual con-
tribution in gold greater than four times the yield
prior to 1850 of the aggregate gold product of the
wo! Id.
The Congress of the United States, by acts in
1853 and 1854, determined that all question of the
feasibility of the measure should be put at rest for-
ever by ordering explorations, which were made in
five different latitudes, ranging from our extreme
northern limits towards the southern, taking first
a direction near the forty-ninth and forty-seventh
parallels, then the forty-secondand forty-first, the
thirty-ninth and thirty-eighth,the thirty-fifth and
near the thirty-second.
These elaborate and voluminous details are pre-
sented in a series of large folio volumes, published
by order of Congress, showing the entire practi-
cability of an efficient route, at different eastern
termini, in the wide longitudinal range over a thou-
sand miles, stretching from our northern bound-
ary in the Mississippi valley to the thirty-second
degree of latitude. ..
The condensed tabular exhibit of results which
I now present from these railroad exploration pub-
lications shows in a clear, methodical, and analyt-
ical form, the general direction of the lines of route
traversed—air lines, distance by proposed railroad
routes, summit of ascents and descents, length ot
level route of equal working expense, comparative
cost of different routes, number of miles of route
through arable lands, through regions notequally
favorable, the elevation at different distances, and
altitude above the sea of the highest points upon
the routes.
The eastern half of the Pacific railroad is al-
ready a reality, and that upon the most gigantic
proportions.
We are now called upon to put an end to delays
by coming up to the project with a determination
to discard all sectional differences, all questions
of unimportant details, and agree at once upon a
plan, by legal enactment, which shall secure the
construction of this work as speedily as thegenius
and energy of our artisans can accomplish it.
Fortunately, statesmen of all parties agree that
there is no constitutional objection, while there
can be none of a political or industrial nature.
The constitutional power, then, over the subject
is complete and undoubted. When Ohio, the old-
est of the public land States, was admitted into the
Union the General Government was the greatland
proprietor within the limits of that State. The
CumbeiUmd road was projected by the General
Government. It cost over six and a half millions
of dollars, but its results were immense. The
time from Wheeling to Baltimore was shortened
from eight teMhree days, villages everywhere
sprang up along the route, and property rapidly
advanced in value.
Thirty-four years ago over that road two thou-
sand tons of produce in one thousand wagons
were transported from Wheelingto Baltimore,and
a stimulus given to intercommunication by turn-
pikes which awakened into life regions at thuttime
unknown to the quickening influences of trade. It
was even then supposed the annual produce taken
over the road would bead va need to a hundred thou-
sand tons by cheapening the cost of transporta-
tion. Yet, in this principle of cheap transit, the
future was destined to produce a revolution in-
calculable in its results, as found in the inaugura-
tion of the railway system.
Congress had,at an early period, exercised the
powerof appropriating moneys for internal im-
provements in the Slates, with their consent. In
1806, an act of Congress authorized a road to be
opened from Nashville, in Tennessee, to Natchez.
The Cumberland road was made pursuant to a
law of that year, under an agreement in 1802 with
Ohio that apart of the proceeds of the public lands
within that State should be applied to the open-
ing of roads leading to it, States through which
the roads might pass assenting. Other roads were
made from Maine to Arkansas and Florida; ob-
structions in rivers were rerno\ed.
Finally, such measures ofinternal improvement
by the General Government were substantially
terminated; yet not until after $30,000,000 had
been expended, the first serious check to them
