694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. WICKLIFEE. I am told that there is a
rriistalce^and that the words I propose to strike
out have not been stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. To what substitute, and
to what line of that substitute, does the gentleman
from Kentucky propose his amendment?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is a substitute that has
the name of Mr. Jbstin S. Morrill printed on
it, and which I understand the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Horton] to have offered. In the four-
teenth line of that substitute, these words yet re-
main: " except duties 011 importations of foreign
goods, wares, and merchandise."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
from Kentucky will allow me to inform him that
those words have been changed.
Mr. W1CKLIPFE. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky understands that those words have not been
stricken out.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. All but two of
them have.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Which two?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
will look to the fourteenth line of the substitute
as it now stands, he will find that it reads thus:
" except duties on imports."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Ah ! That is the very
thing I want to strike out.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Precisely; and
that was the very thing I wanted to call the gen-
tleman 's attention to.
Mr. WICKLrFFE. I move to strike out the
■words " except duties on imports." I want no
currency that the Government itself will not re-
ceive.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of moving an adjournment.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to rise.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky pro forma. 1
would inquire if it is the purpose of the gentlemen
who have the management of this bill to have a
vote upon it to-night?
Mr. STEVENS. It is very desirable that we
should take the vote on it to-night.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I wish to say before that
vote is taken, m reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] that I
think it very unjust, and iluu it betrays a great want
of confidence in the actual merits of the measure,
that those who are opposed to a particular modi: of
raising this money should be charged with being
in opposition to the Administration, Now, it is
not true, and I was surprised that a gentleman
usually so candid and just should indulge in any
remark of that nature in reference to those who
conscientiously oppose this lull—I suppose it is
not too much to say, as conscientiously as those
who support it.
There is a certain class of individuals who seem
determined to take this Administration under their
peculiar guidance and care, and to make a kind of
protege of it. I want to s.iy that, in proportion
to my abilities, I did as ranch to place this Ad-
ministration in power as any other man in the
United States; and that there is no man who gives
it a more cordial support than I do. Those en-
gaged in the administration of allairs, civil and
military, have not only my sympathy, but they
have my sincere prayers for their success and
divine guidance in the trying circumstances in
which they are placed. But I cannot bring my-
self to believe that this is the best mode of raising
money; and therefore I am opposed to this meas-
ure. It is unjust, however, to say that I am there-
fore opposed to the amendment. Jlmicus Plato,
amicus Socrates, sed magis arnica. With these re-
marks, I will not further trespass upon the time
of the committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There seems to be
a misapprehension as to the agreement entered
into some timo since, and I desire to have that
misapprehension corrected. I propose that the
substitute which I submitted may be restored to its
place. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] suggested that as twosubstitutcsand amend-
ments were pending to the original bill, they should
be withdrawn, and that my colleague [Mr. Hor-
ton] should be ailowed to propose one in place of
both of them, so that the vote might be taken be-
tween the bill, on which the advocates of the meas-
ure have rallied, and the substitute which my col-
league desired to submit. \Vith that understanding
I withdrew my substitute, and the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] also withdrew
his.
Now, after my colleague has'proposed a substi-
tute which was agreed upon by half of the mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
sanctioned by many other members of the House,
the chairman of that committee proposes one which
is to take the place of all of them, the effect of which
is that no direct vote can be had on the proposition
jf the gentleman from Ohio. If there was a mis-
understanding on the part of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I presume he will
not object to my restoring the substitute which I
offered, to the place which it held.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chair-
man 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order, and
cannot be continued without unanimous consent.
If there be no objection, the gentleman from Ver-
mont will make his statement.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I objcct. I rise to
a question of order. The text of the bill having
been passed upon, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Horton] moved the first substitute. Then it was
competentfor another substitute to be moved; and
that was done by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. I object to any further substitute or change
from that order of proceeding.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. All I can say
is, that that is not the understanding of the House
or of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot be re-
sponsible for that.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I lisc to a ques-
tion of privilege. There were two amendments
to the bill pending, one of which I myself sub-
mitted. I withdiewthat proposition on a eertain
understanding; and one only. That understand-
ing was  
Mr. RICHARDSON. I raise the question of
order that there can be no question of privilege in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from New York is in oider.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I was proceed-
ing to state my question of privilege. There was
before the committee a bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. To that bill an
amendment in the nature of a substitute had been
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Val-
landigham.] To that amendment I offered a sub-
stitute. A proposition was made by the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] that a vote
should be taken in this mode.
Mr. KELLOGG, of III inoia. I rise to a ques-
tion ol order. The fact whether a substitute shall
come in now or not, or whether there was an
agreement, is a question of the order of business,
and not ,1 question of privilege.
The CHAIRMAN. In tiie estimation of the
Chair, the gentleman from New York has stated
110 question of privilege.
Mr. IlOSCOli CONKLING. I am about to
state my question of privilege. It is this: by the
assent of the committee I did a eeitain act, to wit:
withdrawing an amendment, which J did under a
misunderstanding, or 011 an agreement that is
not to be kept. My point is, that I have a right
to have my substitute reinstated if the committee
led me into a misundcistanding under which I
withdrew it.
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order or privilege raised by the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. IIORTON. I ask leave to withdraw my
amendment to the original bill.
Objection was mad«\
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As it was not
amended, the gentleman has a right to withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair decides.
Mr. HORTON. Then I withdraw my substi-
tute.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now propose the
substitute which I offered some time as;o.
Mr. STEVENS. And I move mine as an
amendment to that substitute.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I raise the question of
order that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hor-
ton] has no right to withdraw his substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the gentleman from Ohio had a right to with-
draw his substitute.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill, with the amend-
ments, to the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Before the motion
is put, I withdraw the substitute which I offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not
in order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not understand on what
ground it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Because the amendments
are only pending and have not been acted on.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is first on
the substitute offered by thegentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio
withdrew it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania offered his as a substitute to
mine, and thereupon I withdrew mine.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I offer mine as a sub-
stitute to the original bill. I do not care what order
the questions take, as I suppose the House has
sense enough to know how it is voting.
Mr. HORTON. I offer mine as a substitute
for that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move that
the committee rise and report the bill to the House,
with the understanding that there shall be a vote
by yeas and nays on tfie substitute, in the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it can
only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr, SEDGWICK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. There
are two substitutes already pending.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not desire to move
mine as a substitute, but as on amendment to one
of the sections of the substitute of the gentleman
from Ohio, in order to perfect it.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order. There arc two already pending.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, with the understanding which I have indi-
cated.
The CHAIRMAN. Is the re any objection to
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. COX. I should like to know in what order
these substitutes will be'voted on in the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The vote will be first on
the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Horton,] and then on the substitute of the gen-
tleman fioni Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I raise the ques-
tion of order that, these substitutes having been
once offered and withdrawn, stand in the position
of having been rejected by the committee, and can-
not be offered a second tune.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
order. I am sorry that my little amendment has
created all this difficulty. My point of order is,
that thiscommittee cannot rise without unanimous
consent while an amendment is pending. We
cannot report a pending amendment as a part of
the bill. I do not wish to make a captious objec-
tion; but I wish to have a decision of the House
upon the question, whether they will prohibit the
use of Treasury notes in payment of duties on
imports from foreign nations.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky, that the amend-
ment offered by him was to the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Horton,]
which having been withdrawn, of coiuse carried
the gentleman's amendment with it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. And more than
that, the amendment was voted on.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. No, sir; the amendment
was not voted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will further
say to the gentleman from Kentucky, that there
being already two amendments pending to the bill,
no further amendment is in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I know the amendment
is not now in order, and therefore it is that I do
not want the committee to rise until there can be
an opportunity of offering it.
