1862.]
37™ Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. of Reps.
tution for the United States of America, a pream-
ble in words replete with expressions of the no-
blest purpose, and promising the grandest future
to the unborn millions who were destined to live
under a Government so benign in its tendencies,
in a country presenting almost every variety of
climate and soil.
Here is acompact,avery bond of union,giving
within its own terms the purposes of its making,
worded in the present tense, so that it reads? to us
as to our fathers, and in time to come, the same
expressive now. Every reader feels that he has
helped to make and in honor bound to sustain
it. Such is the impression made on me when I
read that instrument. As the revealed will of God
causes all men to fed, when reading it, that ihe
whole volume is addressed to them individually
as collectively, so of the Constitution, expressive,
generous, com prehensive, and protective. All hon-
est men must love and obey its most evident pur-
poses. Nor is the Constitution deficient in provis
ions to carry out the great purposes declared in its
preamble. Thosefororganmngand conducting its
various legislative, judicial, and executive func-
tions, are just and equitable; its strong and efficient
limitations and powersare most wisely distributed
and ably expressed in the instrument itself. Then,
sir, if it is a fact that a contract cannot be legally
rescinded only by all the parties to the contract,
there has been no legal separation of these States,
and most assuredly those who seek by their own
acts to break a contract they have entered into or
indorsed, cannot be allowed to plead their own
wrong; hcnce no advantage can accrue from that
source, even though the eifort be by force'to vio-
late that in which they were bound by voluntary
agreement and indorsement. Then there has
been no legal nor compulsory legal separation.
But not only has there been no legal adjustment
between the whole people, by which the terms of
national compact have been sevpred, but what is
still more novel, and in view of the magnitude of
the principle involved, surprising, is that members
speak of the secession of States when there has
not been, in fact, so much as a civil indorsement
of the acts of assumption by which those traitor-
ous usurpers in those States have declared thir-
teen States to have seceded from the Union, con-
stitutional power, and protection. Sir, in no single
instance have the people in anv oneof those States,
or in all of them, collectively, or in any portion
of them, either in State or confederate capacity,
when untrammeled by bayonets, (and I behove I
am within bounds even without this exception,)
voted or indorsed acts of secession, or even elected
legislators, Governors, or conventions upon that
issue, or for that purpose.
But, sir, putting this case in its worst form
against us, i now insist that if a majority of the
citizens of a State should declare that State ab-
solved from the bond of Union it would not ne-
cessarily be so absolved, because such cause, if
carried out, establishes by a wrong what it could
not do by right, by sustaining a majority in the
State in its compulsion of a minority to permit a
flagrant outrage on the honor of both, and the
whole State bung but a minority of the Govern-
ment, the demand to lule a majority for the same
unjust purposes of violating their oaths, contracts,
and patriotic duties. But the reverse of this is true
as to majorities in all those States; the bayonets
of the minority have controlled the unarmed ma-
'ority. Led on and armed as the minority was
jy those who had long planned the rebellion, and
during the corrupt administration of Pierce and
the imbecileand insane rule of Buchanan, through
their respective Secretaries of War, Jefferson Da-
vis and John B. Floyd, plundered the national
armories, both of whom are now, as then, leading
traitors, published on the national records as such,
and known so to be by those who corruptly ap-
pointed them. Sir, instead of this being the se-
cession of States, it is m truth but the climax of
the treason engendered among the political pro-
slavery aspirants in those States, (I say pro-sla-
very because there is not a man either North or
South who favors this rebellion who does not also
favor slavery,) who have had the address by pre-
arrangements against such a chance to putin nom-
ination, and to elect in thirteen out of fifteen slave
States Governors and State officers, and in many
instances majorities of the Legislatures and con-
Lc
ventions who were covered all over with trea-
son and rebellion, though not known to the people
at the time of election; and from these political
traitors and not from the people come the pur-
poses of secession. The poor and laboring masses
who constitute the majority are made victims to
a war which they did not wage, and from which
can come only wrong and loss to them, because if
its purposes fail it will of course be ill for them,
and if successful, it will be the consummate suc-
cess of slaveholders and the further degradation
of the poor white people; and as the best evidence
of this they have already been ignored in elections
and voice in affairs which are of so much import
to them as the life or death of the Government.
It is those villainous Governors, Legislatures, and
conventions, laboring in the cause of slavery,
which have plunged the people into falsehood and
war.
But again: a State is but a corporation created
for a particular purpose, in these cases as integral
parts of the Union, the subordinate governments
and political parts of a greater, which is the na-
tional Government. The thirteen original Slates
were that many colonies of Great Biitain, hold-
ing relations to that similar to those of our Terri-
tories to the national Government. Next, they
were colonies united, fiom necessity, for a pur-
pose of joint interest, then United States. Suc-
cessful because united, they carried on their con-
federate Government under the articles prepared
for that purpose, which constituted the organic
law of the United States of America up to the
adoption of the present Constitution. And all
States admitted since that time, as well as those
which then adopted that instrument, are equally
bound by its provisions as each individual who
lcsides in a Government is bound by the laws
thereof. If it were possible for a corporate or
political State to step aside from the purpose, of
its creation or of Jts adoption, joint interest, and
liability, or if it were possible for the inhabitants
thereof to cause, permit, or compel such State to
take such step, the necessary legal result would
be that it would cease to be a State, the act would
be a revolution m toto, and the people resolved into
the simple elements of society, withouta Govern-
ment in form, and no law but that of nature,
wholly dependent on the national Government for
territorial organization or on their own recupera-
tive energies for the organization of a govern-
ment for themselves. Here it is that I am com-
pelled to differ from many gentlemen on this floor,
for whose opinions I have the highest regard.
They think that such time and facts have reached
us. I do not think so; nor can I until the people
of those States have had an untrammeled oppor-
tunity to speak for themselves at the ballot-box;
nor then, until the Federal arm is powerless to
save the national Government intact from internal
and external assaults by force to destroy it.
But neither of these positions could be allowed,
even ifpossibie in fact, without the permission of a
most flagrant outrage by our Govei nmentand peo-
ple upon those loyal person:? of the unfortunate
States and of the States themselves, and upon the
national Constitution, violating the sacred provis-
ion of power and duty set forth in article foui,
section four, of that instrument, " the United
States shall guaranty to every State in the Union
a republican form of government, and shall pro-
tect each of them against invasion, and on appli-
cation of the Legislature, or of the executive when
the Legislature cannot be convened, against do-
mestic violence," which makes it the duty of the
United States to " guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government," and to
piotect each of them against invasion and domes-
tic violence; and until the Federal arm has fallen,
paralyzed, and its power gone, this provision of
that instrument demands that the whole national
Government and whole people act with prompt-
ness in maintaining the State governments intact.
So the act of those revolutionists is in a State, sim-
ply as to that State, a domestic violence; if from
other States, an invasion, in either case to be put
down with the national authority by the nation's
power. But whoever of those persons, of mature
eye and sound mind, of their own free will levy
war-upon the United Slates, or adhere to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort, are guilty
of treason against them, and to be punished sev-
erally as the statutes of the United States in such
case provide, at the time of the act. Sir, a State
of this Union , organized under or having adopted
the Constitution of the United States, can no more
secede from the Union and remain the same polit-
ical State than can a religious organization for the
building of a church become of its own will and
act a chartered railroad company,and remain the
same religious corporation.
Sir, these States nave not seceded, nor can they.
Successful revolution alone can sunder the na-
tional compact. Therefore, the legislation of Con-
gress should be, in all its objects and tendencies,
towards those States and people as though all
were peace, except such legislation as will secure
the full exercise of the war power of the Govern-
ment for the careful, speedy success of the Army,
which, under the control and discretion of Con-
gress, should protect those States against inva-
sion and domestic violence, guaranteeing rights
and imposing duties under the Constitution, and
meantime, and at all times, protect the Govern-
ment and people against traitors everywhere. In
States, Territories, forts, arsenals, dock-yards,
and in this moral death-head, the national capi-
tal and its surroundings, or whether in the Army
or Navy, on bench or at the bar, in Church or
State, the unerring stroke of the nation's power
should be felt on each unfaithful head and heart,
making the impression deep and abiding in the
minds of men that to be a traitor to the Govern-
ment of the United States is but the prelude to a
traitor's death by authority; and forks protec-
tion, let it be known that treason and death enter
the same heart at the same time, producing a com-
mon result, and all may yet be well. Then, sir,
out; national difficulties grow out of the fact that
a portion of the people of the slave States have cor-
rupfly seized their State governments, and levied
war against thisGovernme.ntof the United States;
thus, by the terms of the Constitution, individually
committing treason against them, and individually
responsible; the numbers engaged do not change
this principle anymore than the arraignment of
one hundred felons at the bar of a court would
change the legal charactcr or liability of one of
them.
Sir, these troubles have come upon us like those
which sometimes befall the family circle, when a
son who has been too kindly cherished and cared
for rises up against his parents, brothers, and sis-
ters, his heart filled with treason against those who
have showered their blessings upon him until he
has lost sight of their value in their profuseness
and constancy. So these slaveholders, whose
teachings and practices are at variance with the
principles of iibeity and genius of free govern-
ment, have for years sought the rui|j of the Con-
stitution of which the masses of them have never
been firm supporters; demanding, like the drone,
not only that they should have the privileges com-
mon to the hive, but especially that of living on
the proceeds of the unpaid toil of others, and to
control the hive itself, which course has at least
but a doubtful show for the most common con-
struction of honesty, and even this chance much
decreased when it requires, to sustain this villain-
ous and bat baric policy, the subjugation of the
poor of all classes, the violation of the strongest
ties of nature among the slaves, the absolute chat-
teldom of humanity; fulminating in deep-seated
treason to the Government because of its freedom,
having added Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama,
Florida, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, Ar-
kansas, and Texas to the Union as States, in the
extension of slavery, made an attack in these
Halls, and in the Territory, to lay waste Kansas
by the same policy, and being repulsed, finally
seek to destroy the Government which they had
sworn to save, and in double treachery attempt to
take from the Union, for the benefit of slavery ex-
tension, what they had added to it for the same
purpose; nor satisfied with this, have laid their
accursed hands upon a portion of the original
States, feeding their morbid appetites at thegreat
depot of slavery and oppression which has grown
up in them, prompted by the damnable gains which
these crimes bring them.
The free men of this country watched, with
anxious fears, the spread of slavery and wicked-
ness, which is so alarmingly generated in such
societies, the sacrifice of that pure iove of liberty
