1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asks whether
there is objection to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the committee vise
and report the bill, with the two substitutes, to
the House? ^
No objection was made.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mallory reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had,according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 240, to authorize the issue of United States
notes, and for the redemption or funding thereof,
and for funding* the floating debt of the United
States, and had instructed him to report the same
back to the House, with certain propositions to
amend.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous question
upon the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER, stated the question first to be
upon the substitute proposed by Mr. Horton.
Mr. ROSCOE CONIlLINGdemanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baxter, Buldlc, Geotge II.
Browne, William G. Brown, Cobb, Fredenck A. Conk!nig,
Roscoe Cotiklmg, Conway, Corning:, Cox, Cravens, Cm-
field, Cmteudcn, Divcn, JDliot, English, Goodwin, Grider,
Uardingr, Ilolman, Horton, Johns-on, Law, Lnzcar, Love-
joy, May, Menzie-*, Justin fcs Morrill, Mori is, Nixon, Noble,
Norton, Nugen,Udell, Pendleton, I'eiry, Pomeiov. Porter,
Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Slue!, William G.
Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas,
Tiain, Yallandighani, Wadswoith, E. J\ Walton, Watd,
Webster, Chilton A. White, and Wught—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Aid rich, Alloy, Arnold, A-hley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Baker, Beaman, Bmix-
ham, Fiancis F. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Bufiinton, Burnham, Campbell. Chambcihi), Claik,
Colfax, Cutler, Davis, Delano, Drlaplaine, Duelj, i)nnlap,
Dunn, Edgerton,Edw,mL>, Ely, Fenton, Fi^sendcn, Fisher,
Fnuiehot, Fiank, Gooeh, Gi«ingr\5 Guiley, Ilaiirht, Hale,
Hanchott, lI.irn-.on, Hickman. IIoopci, liutchm*. Julian,
Keliey, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilhnscr,
Knapp, Lathing, Leary, Loomis, MeKean, MeKmght,
McPhcrson, Mat--ton, Maynard. Mitchell. Moorhead, An-
son P. Morrill, Ohn, Pauon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Price, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Richaid^on, James
S. liolliiib, Sargent, Shanks, Shellabatger, Sherman, Sloan,
Spaulding, John B. Steele, .Stevens, Tumble,Trowbiidgo,
Upton, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyek. Veiiee,
Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, Whaiey, Albeit S.
White, Wickhflb, Wilson, YVmdom, and Worcester—95.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
During: the call of the roll,
Mr. VERREE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Oovode, being indisposed, had paired with Mr.
Riddle.
Mr. CLARK stated that Mr. "Wheeler, was
confined to his room.
Mr. KELLOGG, of yiinois, stated that Mr.
Wasiiburne had been called home by severe
affliction in his family.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. .Smith, was still unable to attend
the sessions of the House.
Mr. ALLEY stated that Mr. Dawks had been
called to New York by business connected with
the special committee on Government contracts.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand I have voted
wrong. I want to understand from the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether I
have, for if so I will change my vofe.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Suppose I voted under a
mistake, havenot I the right to correct the mis-
take ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can change
his vote, but not give his reasons for it.
Mr. WICIvLIFFE. But I have voted right.
I do not want to change. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred upon the substitute
offered by Mr. Stevens.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and rend a third time-, and being engrossed
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be out.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM* called for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldneh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Bakor. Beaman, Bing-
ham, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Bufiinton, Burnham, Campbell, Chamberlm, Clark,
Colfax, Cutler, Davi>, Delano, Drlaplaine, Duel), Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Ely, Fenton, Fes&enden, Fisher, Fian-
ehot, Fiank, Gooeh, Granger, Gurley, Ilaight, Hale, Han-
chett, IJairison, Hickman, Hooper, ilutchms, Julian, Kcl-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogs, Kilhtiger,
Lansing, Leary, Loomis, McKean,MeKnight, McPhcr&on,
Marston,Maynaid, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill,
Nugcn, Olm, Patton Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Price, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John II. Itice, Riddle, James S. Itollin«,
Saigent, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shei man, Sloan, Spaulding,
John B. Steele, Stevens,Tumble,Trowbridge, Upton, Van
Horn, Van Valkcnburgh, Van Wyck, Verrce, Wall, Wal-
lace, Charles W. Walton, Whaiey, Albert S. White, Wil-
son, Windom, and Worcester—93.
NAYS—Messrs Ancona, Baxter, Biddle, George II.
Browne, Cobb, Fiedeiiek A. Conkling, Ro«eoe Conkling,
Conway, Coming. Cox, Cravens, Ciisfield, Diven, Dnnlap,
Eliot, English, Good win, Grider, Harding, Ilolman, Horton,
Johnson, Knapp, Law, La/.e<n, Lovejoy, Mallory, May,
Menzics, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, !Vi\on, Noble, Norton,
Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Pomeroy, Porter, Richardson, Rob-
inson, Edward 11. Rollins, Scdgwick, Sheilield, Sbiel, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Train, Vallandiiham, Voorhees, Wadsvvorth, 13.
I\ Walton, Waul, Webster, Chilton A. White, VVickUfte,
and Wright—09.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that Mr. Potter had
been called home in consequence of sickness in
his family.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that Mr. Cooper was
confined to his room in consequence of indispo-
sition.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Hills, reporied that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (II. R.
No. 224) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 18(33; when the Speaker signed the
same.
And then, on motion of Mr. EDWARDS, (at
twenty minutes before six o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 7, 1862.
* Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE 00\LVLITNICATI0N.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution cf the
Senate of the 20th of January last, information in
relation to contracts made in the office of the Com-
missioner of Indian A flairs for transportation of
i'oods for the Indians; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of Iloyt, Sprague & Co., John Slade tfc
Co., and other merchants and manufacturers of
New York, praying that no extension of time be
granted for keeping iuipoited goods in warehouse
without payment of duly, und remonstrating
against any change in the present waiehouse sys-
tem; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WILMOT presented three petitions of cit-
izens of Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the total abolition of slavery throughout the
country; which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Lan-
caster county, Pennsylvania, pray mg that homoeo-
pathic physicians may be appointed surgeons in
the Army and Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of the
commissioned officers of the twelfth regiment,
Michigan volunteers, praying for compensation
for time spent in recruiting their companies;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia,
Mr. WILKINSON presented a petition'of cit-
izens of Dakota Territory and southern Minne-
sota, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Munkota, Minnesota, to Vermillion, in Da-
kota Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Charles Anderson, praying for compensation for
rent of the site of Camp Hudson, in the State of
Texas; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. W. Nye, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented resolutions ofthe
Legislature of Wisconsin, requesting the Senators
from that State to vote in favor of abolishing the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I had the
honor at the special session in July to present to
the Senate the resolutions passed by the General
Assembly of Rhode Island welcoming to the State
the officers, professors, and pupils of the Naval
Academy, and tendering to the Government a ces-
sion of jurisdiction over any territory that might
be required for its permanent establishment in the
State.
I took that occasion to recapitulate briefly some
of the advantages which Newport offered for such
an institution; among them, the facility of access,
the depth of water, the excellence of the anchor-
age, the capacity of the harbor, its admirable sit-
uation with reference to the coast, its capabilities
of defense, the abundant supplies of fresh water,
the salubrity of the climate, and the ready com-
munication with a dense population. Nor did I
deem itunworthy to be taken into the account that
this population was distinguished for its martial
spirit and its loyal character. I now have the
honor to present to the Senate the resolutions
passed by the General Assembly on the same sub-
ject at its present session.
It docs not become me to stand here the laudator
ofthe State which I have the honor in part to rep-
icseiit. But upon this floor, and elsewhere, she
has been sometimes complimented for the manner
in which, with the other loyal States, she has en-
tered upon the struggle in which we are engaged
fty our national existence. She has endeavored
to do her duty. We think that she has not failed
in it; and we are giatified that her efforts in this
direction aic regarded as worthy of the cause in
which they are exerted, and of the associations
with which they are connected. She has poured
forth freely her wealth, the accumulation of gen-
erations of industry and frugality; and she has
poured forth as freely the priceless treasure, the
blood of her sons; she has more of both, if her
country needs them. She has received few of the
special* favors of the Federal Government. She
! has not asked for them. She has found in the
general blessings which flow from the Union an
abundant return for her best and truest loyalty.
If, m the opinion of those who represent her sis-
ter States, she is entitled to any favor or recogni-
tion, it could not be rendered in a more grateful
form than in intrusting to her waters the nursery
ofthe naval glory of the countiy. All her early
traditions,and all her history, ate connected with
maritime adventure and with naval prowess. The
ancient city to whose unrivaled harbor the school
has been tiansferrod has sufFcied peculiarly from
this wickcd rebellion. It has caused her great loss
of revenue, and has depressed many branches
of her industry. It would, therefore, be a most
appropriate means of compensation if the same
causc which has brought to her so much evil
should render to her this benefit; and the whole
I State would gratefully recognize in this evidence
I ofthe confidence and regard of the Federal Gov-
| ernment fresh claims upon her fidelity.
| I move that the resolutions be printed, and
I referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. _
' The motion was agreed to. The resolutions
were read, as follows:
A resolution relative to the United States Naval Academy.
Wheieasin May last, at the breaking out of thfc rebel-
lion, the Naval Academy of the United states, located at
Annapolis, in the State of Maryland, being in imminent
