1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 tit
and other auihoritative data show that the average
annual cost, even in times of peace, in transporta-
tion of troops, with munitions of war, subsistence,
and quartermaster's supplies, may be set down
in round numbers at $7,300,000. The iuteiest
upon the credit loan of $65,000,000 of bonds will
be annually $3,900,000, leaving a net excess of
$3,400,000 over the present cost; appealing with
great force to the economy of the measure, and
showing beyond cavil or controversy that in fact
the Government will not have a dime to pay on
account of its credit, nor risk a dollar by the act
authorizing the construction of this great work.
The United States, if theie is force in figures,
facts, and reason, will secure with a land grant of
seven million seven hundred and sixty thousand
acres of wild lands, without a farthing's cost, or
outlay, or risk, either present or future, a road that
will span half a continent, be the great highway
of domestic trade, and eventually make the Union
the center of the commcrce of the world.
Let it be understood by the Senate and the coun-
try that we ask not a tithe for this indispensable
work of what has been granted to others for like
objects, and that we ask it upon such a basis as will
neither in present nor in future draw a dollar from
the Treasury. In fact, such a road would secure
the early peopling and development of this vast in-
terior, now comparatively shut in from the world.
Along its entire length settlements would imme-
diately form, which it would be the policy and in-
terest of the railroad land grantees to encourage
and foster, with the motive of enhancing the value
of their own lands, and affording protection to their
property.
The line of this great thoroughfare between two
oceans, would offer the highest inducements, with
every prospect of success m agricultural and min-
eral regions, now but imperfectly developed. Soon,
in fact, this almost blank in our geographical lim-
its would be filled up by industrious producing
classcs, requiring all the appliances of civilized
life. The effect in value upon such public land
would be amazing, and the opening up of the ara-
ble surface and development of the precious and
useful metals; the working of coal mines, the estab-
lishmentofmachineryand workshops, would rev-
olutionize the existing condition of " the plains,"
filling the waste places with occupation, and pre-
paring the social and political condition of the coun-
try for a transition from Territories into sovereign
Suites of the Union, linking by a great federative
bond the whole political fabric from ocean to ocean.
The proposition before us is also one of immense
importance, looking to the commerce of the East.
Advance commercial interests, and you increase
the influence and power of the nation. Trade with
the Indies was the great desideratum upon the re-
vival of commercc in western Europe. The Ital-
ian republics took the lead in the overland com-
mercial intercourse, which virtually ended upon
the establishment of Turkish authority in Europe
and Africa. The spirit of maritime exploration
and rivalry opened by the Portuguese, who more
than three and a half centuries ago rounded the
Cape of Good Hope, reached the Malabar coast,
monopolized the India trade, and placed that in-
considerable kingdom foremost among commer-
cial nations. After the union of Poi tugal to Spain,
the closing of the ports of the Spanish empire to
British vessels, the dependence of the latter upon
the Dutch for supplies, the revolt of the Nether-
lands, and the exclusion of the Dutch in their turn
from the ports of Lisbon, the European depot of
Italian wares, the Dutch, soon-followed by the
English, sought the direct passage to India, and
before the close of the sixteenth century the great
East India companies were founded. France, Den-
mark, and Sweden sought a participation in the
trade, but the extraordinary growth of British
power in the East, overshadowing all opposition,
governed an empire of one hundred and fifty mil-
lions of subjects in the East, occupying half the
territorial extent of the United States; and having
subjected the native princes, with a grasping and
remorseless policy rules them with absolute do-
minion, at a distance from the British metropolis,
by the way of Good Hope, of fifteen thousand
miles, thus bringing to the British Isles the rich
rewards of eastern trade. With all the disadvant-
ages of remote locality from their colonial depend-
encies, we should take a lesson from the energy
of the English in their amazing efforts to overcome
time and space in bringing the capitals of Great
Britain and the Bengal Presidency into rapid in-
ter-communication. Two different 44 overland
routes,"as they are called, are how in operation;
the one reaching round the Atlantic, through the
Mediterranean sea, to Alexandria, in Egypt—by
the Nile, the Isthmus of Suez, and down the Red
sea, traversing the Arabian Gulf and Bay of Ben-
gal, to Calcutta; the other, varying only in respect
to the transit of Calais arid Ostend, through South-
ern Europe,until the waters of the Mediterranean
are reached, and connection formed with the Af-
rican and Red sea routes.
The demands of British trade are not even satis-
fied with these facilities, for it is in contemplation
to establish a great oveiland continuous railway
from London to Calcutta, starting from Calais, in
France, passing through Belgium, Rhenish Prus-
sia, Germany, and Italy, to the Adriatic; thence
through Turkey m Europe to Constantinople,
down through Turkey in Asia, deflecting towards
the mouth of the Orontes, on the eastern shores
of the Mediterranean; thence easterly, to strike
the Euphrates, down the long valley of that mighty
river,passing Babylon, reachingBreporah on the
Persian Gulf, skirtingthe northern shores of the
latter; thence, through Beloochistan, crossing the
Indus, and passing over the breast of the Hindoo
peninsula, until it shall reach Calcutta—a route of
five thousand six hundred miles, bringing the
British metropolis and the Bengal Presidency
within a week's travel of each other. Grand as is
this railway conception, it is but part of the tele-
graphic line to reach from Falmouth, by the Straits
of Gibraltar, to Malta, to Alexandria, in Egypt,
crossing the isthmus down to the Red sea; thence
to Kurrachee, on the western side of Hindustan,
over the Peninsula to Rangoon, in British India,
to Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghae, in China,
Nagasaki, in Japan, and leturning to Singapore
to connect with the western side of Australia,
crossing that continent to the capital of the Prov-
ince of Victoria, and thcncc on the existing line
to Brisbane, on the shores of the Alpine Australia.
Such arc the plans of the commercial power and
policy of the British empire, seeking rapid inter-
communication by steam, railway, and telegraph
with ail the great commcicial ports of thc-woild,
at the public expenditure of hundreds of millions
of pounds sterling, and advancing through Euro-
pean, Asiatic, and African territory.
Now, the position the United States occupy on
the Pacific ocean in respect to the Indian trade,
gives them advantages not possessed by Euro-
peans. In point ofdistancem our Atlantic and Eu-
ropean relations, the difference is inconsiderable
when the quiet waters of the Pacific are contrasted
with the restless and stoimy Atlantic. The dis-
tance from San Francisco to the southern part of
Matsmai or Tesso, the northern Japanese island,
being forty-one hundred miles; to the southern
point of the great Island of Niphon, forty-four
hundred and seventy-four miles; to Shanghae, m
China, fifty-three hundred and seventy-three
miles; and to Honololu, of the Sandwich Islands,
twenty-one hundred miles. Improvements in ma-
rine steam machinery are such that it is not an
overestimate to say fifteen miles an hour, in due
time, may be attained, and m that event a fort-
night would suffice for importations from China,
Japan, and other ports.
The exclusive system of Oriental nations has
been nearly obliterated by advancing civilization.
The British treaty of 1842, at Nankin, restoied
commercial intercourse to the five poi ts of Can ton,
Amoy, Foochoo, Ningpo, and Shanghae. All ;
the benefits of that treaty accrucd to us by our
ticaty with China concluded on 3d July, 1844.
After the Chinese war, declared m 1857, there fol-
lowed the voluminous treaties concluded in June
1858, between China, the United States, Great
Britain, and France, by which four additional
ports were opened to foreign shipping, and the
navigation of the Yan-tse-kiang river made free to
all nations. In 1854, the Perry Japanese expedi-
tion led to the treaty of opening Simoda and Hako-
dadi to our vessels; the new treaty of 1857 opened
Nagasaki to American trade, and an additional
treaty of 1858 still further liberalized the relations
between ouiselves a>id Japan. The United States [
aie thus placed where, by reason of geographical
position and commercial relations, they possess
the means to secure the Asiatic trade, and turn lis
golden floods towards themselves. All that is
now desired to that end is the success of the Pa
cific steam line to Asia, wi,th a complete connect,
tion of California, Oregon, and Washington byth*
railway now under consideration*
By the completion of this system'between New
York and Asia, travel from Europe would select
as to time and expense the direction across our
territory; silks, teas, spices, and other valuable
India products would come to us direct, and ou£
eastern merchants and manufacturers be enabled
to compete successfully with the trading worlc],,
controlling immense commerce and enrichingihfc
Republic. The American road over the plains is
a little over one third of the proposed overland
Indian route, it is all within our own territory,,
connecting the Pacific sea-coast, winch occupies
the same relation to Asia as the Atlantic does to
Europe. It will be a great medium, imparting
wonderful activity to all the industrial interests of
the country, and as time is money, through its
union with the existing railrpads will furnish fa-
cilities not merely of domestic tradeond exchange,
but of easy and cheapened social intercourse be-
tween citizens now in remote and distant locali-
ties. As a political measure it will guard and
secure interests essential to defense from intestine
and foreign foes.
1. In the vast region ovcrwhich this road is to
be constructed, hostile tribes of Indians have rav-
aged and destroyed the property of our frontier
men, butchering familiesof emiffrantsand settlers,
and interrupting even the languid connection which
exists between the interior and the seat of Federal
power. On this account the Government has ne-
cessarily kept mounted and foot troops for years
past, furnishing all their numerous and necessary
supplies, and at enormous expense. These hos-
tile tribes roaming on each side of the Rocky
mountains from beyond the northern line of the
United States down to the Gulf of Mexico, and
further on beyond the western basis in California,
Oregon, and Washington—the same mysterious,
intractable racc, slowly vanishing before the white
man—require to be held in obedience by material
force. Indian wais in these distant portions of
our territory have cost the country for yeais val-
uable lives and millions of treasure. Besides this,
we have now the country laid waste by thy Texan
enemy with large military force, holding in check
and harassing our own small army without the.
possibility of succor, from the nearest point in
Kansas, under several weeks. A road like this
would furnish facilities, enabling the military arm
of the Government to strike with concentrated
force and lapidity, to subdue and repress enemies
of the Republic, to protect and guard that exposed
and neglected region.
2. The next military aspect of this subject is
the exposed condition of the Pacific coast in case
of foreign war.
The growth of our commercial power has
brought us into superiority over the greatest mari-
time people of the eastern hemisphere, our ton-
nage being five millions five hundred thousand,
or an excess over them m tonnage of half a mil-
lion. The popular nature of our institutions isa
standing cause of disquiet to the feudal aristoc-
racy of the Old World. Their leading reviews,
journals, and pailiamentary discussions, breathe
a tone almost of animosity toward us, and indi-
cate their yearning hope that this intestine war
may end in overthrow and ruin as a great nation.
Tiie commercial marine of the United States is
found on every sea, visiting the most distant
shoies, entering every market of the globe, seek-
ing such a division of the rich profits of trade as
their energy and entcrpiise have a right to de-
mand. Tne sources of British strength and power
are to be traced to commerce, which turns toward
the scat of empire a deep stream of wealth, fed
by affluents from every distant region, and stim-
ulating at home ail the industrial elements of that
people. We are competitors for a fair division
of that trade, and in the ratio in which we lessen
her share by increasing our own, we weaken her
power, and advance to that position in the family
of nations which we feel is the destiny of a great
and free people. Between us there is now pend-
ing a dispute in regaid to the boundary dividing
the possessions of the two Powers, involving a
question of ownership of San Juan and other isl-
ands in the straits of Rosario, in the northwest-
ern angle of the territory of the United States.
A recent political event growing out of our«belIig-
erent rights has brought to our shores a hostile
