1$8
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 23,
37th Cose...'.2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. of Reps.
which alone can sustain republics, resting as they
do upon the maintenance of justice among the peo-
pfe by the people's will, and still hoped that, in
time, they would return to duty, foolishly be-
lieving1, as some of us did, the falsehoods or that
power, systematically promulgated for our decep-
tion, teaching us the false and wicked doctrine
that they were opposed to slavery only as it was an
incumbent necessity with them, blaming England
for a crime which we were daily aiding to extend
and perpetuate; we believed the falsehood, and bore
with the sophism until the slave power became a
public, as it had long been a private, criminal, not
only against the four millions of wretched captives
to its power, and the laboring masses who were
compelled to compete with this system of unpaid
toil, with theirnharacter depreciated in society with
that of their labor, because done by degraded
slaves; the education of their families necessarily
neglected, but its combinations for dominion and
special rule were felt throughout this" vast domain,
traducing alike Presidents, Cabinets, Senates, and
Houses, gathering the Supreme Court within its
meshes,boldly seeking the lives of free white men
who opposed its march of power on the plains of
our western Territories; it finally attempts to
crush the national Government,that it might build
on the foundation laid by the sons of freedom, a
government, the chief corner-stone of which is
slavery. Sir, treason follows in the wake of sla-
very, reveling in the wrongs from which it springs
and is itself supported. Sir, slavery is but trea-
son against humanity, and ingratitude for service
rendered, the combination and transition being an
easy one to treason against the free Government
of our fathers and ingratitude for kindness ren-
dered by a loo generous people. Seventy years
ago, Maryland's efficient statesman, Hon. Wil-
liam Pinkney, taught this doctrine in a speech to
the Maryland Legislature in relation to slavery.
He said:
"That the dangerous consequences or this system of
bondage have not as yet been felt, does not prove they never
will be. At least tins experiment lias not been sufficiently
Blade to preclude speculation and conjecture. To me,sii,
nothing tor which 1 Have not the evidence of my senses is
more clear titan that it will one day di-stioy that leverencc
for liberty which is tin: vital principle of a republic."
Again lie says:
" While a majority of your citizens arc accustomed to
rule Willi the authority oi' despots within particular limits,
your youths are reared in the habits of thinking that the
greater rights of human natuie are not so t-acied but they
may, with Innocence, be trampled on, can it be expected
that tile pillillc mind should glow wilh that geneioiis ardor
in the ettUM! of fi eedom winch can alone save a Govern-
ment like ours from the lurking demon of usmpation? Do
you not dread the contamination of principle ? Have you
no alarms for the continuance of that spirit which oucc con-
ducted us to victory and independence, when the talons of
powet were uuclasped for our destruction? Have you no
apprehension*!left, that when the votaries of (i eedom sac-
rifice also at thegloomy altars of slavery, they will atlength
become apostates lroiu the former? For my own pint, I
have no hope that, the stionm of general liberty will flow
forever, unpolluted, through the foul mire of partial bond-
age, or that they who have been habituated to lord ir over
others will not in time be base enough to let others lord it
over them. If they resist, it will be the struggle of pride
and Boifisihnese, not of principle."
How true is the prophecy, and in deepest sor-
row the patriots of this land, who saw the tend-
ency of these things, and watched their course,
now deplore the consequence. Where slavery
does more, treason docs most abound. Along the
border slave States, where free men commingle
Wilh their society, there is diffused through the
moral and mental depression some of the genial
fire and generous love of liberty and good govern-
ment. It is this, and this alone, which saves the
border States from the fate of those more remote
in the moral death which now pervades them.
But, sir, we are at war. Wicked persons, in the
support of human bondage in those slave States,
have, in violation of the Constitution and law,
attacked the Federal power, and beleaguered the
national capital. For the suppression of this most
causeless rebellion Congress has voted authority
and supplies, and our President has promptly
called on the people for an army and navy which
is now in the service of the Government, num-
bering in all not less than si\: hundred and forty
Ihousand men, every one of whom have volun-
tarily entered the service of the country, and the
entire number, saving some twenty thousand,
Within ten months past. This vast Army has been
3othed, armed,and provisioned, with transporta-
tion, ammunition, navy, and naval stores.^ The
national Government has, for the preparation for
war, labored hard and well, committing some se-
rious errors; but other than this could not be ex-
pected. Our people were not trained to war; our
Government supplies had been plundered by trai-
tors in high places under Buchanan, and who
have not all been eradicated; jobbers upon the
public credit have stripped the Treasury of much
money by contracts wrungfrom hurried and needy
Departments; military blunders and delays, which
are only too common in the beginning of all wars,
have given the rebels a great advantage, opening
the initiative rebellion into a terrible war.
Congress proposing, as a matter of stern neces-
sity, to tax the people heavily, who are already
bearing up under a nigh tariff on the common ar-
ticles of household use, commerce at a deadlock,
prices depreciated, banks suspended, employ-
ments uncertain, with a daily average national
expense of ovcrone million of dollars, with a debt
already incurred of near six hundred millions of
dollars; the people are asking what will Congress,
the Administration, and the Army do, believing
that the Administration and the Army will exe-
cute their trust as well as we will ours. I shall
content myself with saying some things which I
think Congress should do.
1. Congress should vote liberal supplies for the
Army, and by precautionary provisions secure its
proper application.
2. Congress should see that the war is promptly
prosecuted to the entire suppression of the rebel-
lion.
3. Congress should replenish the Treasury of
the nation, so far as possible, by the confiscation
of the property of those who have levied war
against the United States, or aided and abetted
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.
4. Congress should, so far as possible, remove
every obstacle to the success of our arms by weak-
ening the enemy and strengthening our forces.
The first of these propositions 1 leave, without
comment, in the hands of the Committee of Ways
and Means, with full confidence, an earnest of
which I have seen with pleasure in the recent le-
gislation of this House. The second, with our vol-
unteer army. The third is now with the House,
to whom 1 am looking with anxious hope for a
bill confiscating the property of whatsoever kind,
from such person as that proposition includes,
compulsory upon the Executive to see it duly ex-
ecuted, relying for authority for such law on the
plain terms and inference of the Constitution and
the necessities of the case. I would punish these
as other criminals. I am at a loss to know why
the mail boy who opens a letter in his charge
should be fined and imprisoned, while murderers,
mail robbers, traitors, and their abettors, go free.
His is a betrayed trust; theirs assuredly no less.
You take by fine (which is no more or less than
the confiscation to the amount of the fine) the
property of him who counterfeits your coin, but
will not confiscate the property of the rebels who
have coined money, robbed the nation of her coin,
and the mint in which it was coined. You lay and
propose to collect, under directory and compul-
sory provisions, taxes from loyal persons, many
of whom are in the Army at this time, in the ser-
vice of their country, and yet those violators of
law who have plundered the nation of arms and
means go unpunished. You lay heavy tariffs on
the common necessities of life, compelling the sol-
dier's wife, be she ever so poor, her children ever
so needy, to pay high prices for sugais, tea, coffee,
and molasses, and even bread, to carry on this war
in defense of the Government. You borrowmoney
on the credit of the United States, and tax loyal
men to pay it and its interest. You regulate com-
merce; but these men destroy your regulations.
For this you would fine loyal men, but traitors go
uiiwhipped of justice. You establish " uniform
laws on the subject of bankruptcy:" these men
have bankrupted thousands, against all laws. You
establish postoffices and post roads at the nation's
expense: these men with impunity destroy both,
as wellasall publicimprovementinroads,bridges,
and are to be protected. You constitute tribunals
inferior to the Supreme Court: these men destroy
and betray what you constitute. You pass laws
to deprive and punish piracies, and felonies com-
mitted on the high seas: these men violate your
laws, destroy your commerce, and yet you will
not punish them. You raise and support armies
at the expense of honest men and patriots, to war
with those protected traitors, and on the same
terms you provide and maintain a Navy, to be
destroyed by the perils of the seas, and traitorous
batteries, erected on the banks of our navigable
rivers and harbors, and by stolen vessels clad in
stolen iron, armed with stolen guns, sink your
vessels in your own harbors: and yet you will not
strike them. You provide for calling forth the
militia, and the militia came forth with the purest
impulse, but came to perish in camp, or on the
field, or barbarously shot at the sentinels posts;
while traitors are at higher wages employed m
Government offices under the shadeoftheCapitol,
and the property of open rcbellionists protected
even in this city, under the false doctrine of con-
stitutional provisions. You are directed to exer-
cise exclusive control over this District and over
such places as are owned by the General Govern-
ment, for dock-yards, forts, magazines, and arse-
nals. Yet you save the property of traitors here
and fail to enforce your law on half tho nation,
and yet propose to protect the property of those
who, residents of this District, with arms oppose
the Constitution itself.
Sir, history has no account of the wicked kind-
ness we have manifested toward these disturbers
of the public quiet. I say wicked, because I can-
not comprehend how a man can be other than
wicked who suffers to be sacrificed the lives and
property of his own loyal family to accommodate
the highwaymen who has attacked them. As a
Congress, we are here to take care of the people's
interest, to save their Government and Constitu-
tion, sworn to do it, and cannot look at this case
as exclusively our own, but as a most important
agency in which God and humanity are deeply
interested. Christ suffered death at the hands of
murderers; but that was personal to himself. He
had a right to do so if he so chose. But he took
cords and scourged the money changers from the
temple, because he there guarded tho house of his
Father, and could not betray his trust. Let this
Congress profit by the example. I would say to
traitors, "go from the land you have betrayed,
from the people whose fathers, husbands, and
sons you have murdered, from the widows and
orphans your brutality has made, from the society
you have basely robbed; go hence from the Uni-
ted States; go under the full penalties of the law of
treason, which is death;" and to this Consress I
now say, " see that these things are done." God
would not suffer a traitor to remain in Heaven,
and directed Michael to war Satan on that charge,
who gave him no time to fortify, but made an im-
mediate advance movementupon his forces, driv-
ing him beyond the borders of that goodly coun-
try. Whether Satan owned property in Heaven
or not we have no record; but judging from the
manner of his exit, we would necessaiily infer that
if he had it was confiscated, as none would seem
to have been delivered to him. Nor doesitaitpear
that he was presented with any in his new abode,
as we hear of him subsequently in " an exceeding
high mountain, "proposing to barter that which he
did not own.
But, sir, we are told that we can only render
effective a confiscation law by the power of the
Army. So I admit; but insist that we cannot do
it with the Army unless we have such law to en-
force; so we cannot save the Union only by the
Army, nor could we with it if we had no Union
to save. I insist, sir, that the laws of war, as ap-
plicable under the law of nations in conflict with
different established Powers, cannTbt be legally
enforced against these rebels any more than can
the law of nations be brought to bear in the set-
tlement of any other violation of the municipal
law of the land by our own citizens, within our
own national domain.
I am surprised at the position of some gentle-
men here. It does seem to me that if we treat
those men as a foreign Power, then this is a war
of conquest; crime does not lie at the door of in-
dividuals in a war between nations. If we treat
them as seceding or seceded States, we admit the
doctrine of secession and this to be a war upon
them in their State or confederated State capacity.
In such cases the laws of war would control, but
when we have adopted either of these positions
