1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
say it is not to our credit, and posterity will not
award us praise for such timidity. It is our plain
duty to come to the aid of the President, to up-
hold his arm, to aid him with our counsels, and
fully to sympathize and cooperate with him m all
acts calculated to restore the reign of the Consti-
tution and laws, and to shun no responsibility
which, as loyal men, firmly attached to our Gov-
ernment, we are called upon to discharge. Our
neighbors and kindred are in the field; they are
freely, gallantly, gloriously shedding their blood
m defense of the Government. Let us be mindful
of them, too, and show them at least that we are
in earnest.
Again, it is further objected that the bill vio-
lates the rights of private property as secured by
the fifth amendment of the Constitution, which
provides that 110 poison " shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law,
nor shall private property be taken for public use
without just compensation." What I have already
said would seem to be a sufficient answer to this
objection; for if, under the power to mnke nnd
carry oil war, private property maybe seized and
confiscated, it is quite clear that whatever cases
the amendment may include, it does not include
that. The war power takes it out of the category
of propeity thus protected. But that the amend-
ment does not relate, and was not designed to re-
late to a state of war, is plain ft om the very terms
in which it is couched—no person " shall be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property." Surely, gen-
tlemen do not intend to be understood as saying
that life and liberty may not both be taken in
war, without a formal service of process of a
court of justice upon the person who is to lose
them! If so, then not an enemy has been slain
by our armies, nor a prisoner made since the
adoption of the amendment, whose death or cap-
ture has not left upon our troops the guilt of hom-
icide or of false imprisonment. The victories of
Lake Erie, the Thames, Plattsburg, and New
Orleans were all unconstitutional; the seizures of
British property on land and sea were so many
cases of " trespass de bonis asportalisLumly's
Lane was a mere illegal foray upon the soil and
freehold of John Bull; and Perry and Harrison,
Macomb, Scott, and Jackson, in achieving their
victories, made the egregious mistake of suppos-
ing themselves acting under a belligerent Con-
stitution, instead of a non-combatant, Quaker
Constitution. May I add, without giving offense,
that I hope we have no general now in the field
disposed to give this doctrine a practical applica-
tion ?
But to return. It is quite clear that the amend-
ment, instead of applying to a state of war, was
intended to secure the regular administration of
justice where a state of war did not exist; to se-
cure every loyal man within the actual dominion
of the Constitution against lawless violence to
his life, liberty, or property, and to prevent the
taking of his property for the public necessities or
uses without paying him its fair value: in short,
to place him beyond the reach of the injustice,
rapacity, or violence of his own Government,
should it be disposed to oppress him; and to give
him the benefit of a trial in the courts of that Gov-
'ernment. But it certainly can have no applica-
tion to a district of country where hostilities are
carried on, for the plain reason that it is impos-
sible that civil courts should perform their func-
tions in such localities; nnd the old maxim which
we found in Coke and Blackstone in our boyhood
still speaks the truth—inter arma silent leges.
No additional reasons need be urged to show that
Congress has full authority under the war-making
power to fiee the slaves of rebel enemies; for, if
the title of property can be thus transferred, the
right to untie the ligament of local law by which
the slave is bound to ins owner is equally obvi-
ous. No argument can be urged against the one
right that does not lie against the other. I go
further: I insist that since, ill the seceding States,
all local constitutions, all laws, all government
known to the Constitution ot the United States
have, de facto, been abdicated and abandoned, so
that the Federal Government cannot take notice
of them, that ligament, so far as we are concerned,
is already dissolved. It was cut by the same
swoid that severed the Union; and if the slave, by
force or fraud, escapes from his master, he is fiee;
for the local law having ceased lie resumes his
natural right of freedom, of whichhecannotufter-
wards be deprived by the Government of the Uni-
ted States.
One word as to the justice and expediency of
the proposed confiscation. And here I am com-
pelled to say that I desire to make discriminations
among the rebels. I cannot reconcile myself to
the thought of stripping every man who has borne
arms against the Government of his property. I
am not unmindful that multitudes have been, al-
most unconsciously to themselves,drawn into the
rebellion; some under the wide-spread terror that
has hovered over their land—a terror never yet
surpassed m intensity, in vindictive passion, in
reckless injustice, and actual violence m the his-
tory of any community, not excepting the pro-
scriptions of Sylla, or the reign of terror under
Robespierre and St. Just. Multitudes, deluded
by the false clamors of designing demagogues,
have taken up arms under the idea that the Fed-
eral Government was about to take away their
slaves, and that they were fighting for their prop-
erty.
There can be no doubt whatever that this cun-
ningly-devised delusion, addressing itself as it did
to sectional prejudice and fanning sectional pas-
sion into a flame, has done more to drive the
masses of the southern people to arms than any
other cause. It was the supreme artifice of inven-
tive and adroit demagogery. It was the dread-
ful agency which General Jackson, nearly thirty
years ago, foresawand predicted would be seized
upon by Calhoun and his followers to dissolve the
Union. It was with that terrible instrument of
falsehood and deception that the Wises, the Ma-
sons, the Toombses, the Jefferson Davises, the
Yanceys, the Slidells, have for long years wrought
upon the popular mind of the South. Slavehold-
ers, especially in the cotton States, credited their
tales, and thought themselves menaced with the
universal emancipation of the slaves in the States
by Congress, although no act of that body was
over passed, and 110 bill, or oven resolution, had
ever so much as been introduced into either House
for that purpose; and although 110 such measure
was ever recommended by any State Legislatuie
or any popular convention. Surely 110 people was
ever so grossly ticpanned by noisy leaders; never
was imposture so stupendous practiced or essayed
upon any community. And so far was it carried
that the non-slaveholding whites were seduced by
its multiform insinuations into the belief that one
object of the North was, by freeing the blacks, to
make them the equals and competitors with them-
selves in the various fields of labor and industry,
and by legislative pressure to bring about an
amalgamation of the two races. Sir, even Satan,
disguising his horrid form, and
" Squat iike a toad fast by the ear of Eve,"
practiced no more deliberate deceit upon the sleep-
ing mother of the race. They alaimed the fears
of the. timid and unthinking; they aroused the
vigilance which evet presides over property; they
stitied up the gall and bitterness of the bigot and
fanatic, who deduces the rightof slavery from the
Gospel itself; they inflamed the sectional prideof
those who, mistakenly,claimed personal and he-
roic qualities superior to those of northern men;
addressing the rich planter, they scoffed at labor
as fit only for slaves; they spoke of the rapid in-
crease of population 111 the free States as on alarm-
ing portent, and sorrowed deeply over the pros-
pect of being compelled to submit to the will of a
majority. Finding that, by their own incautious
haste in forcing the northern Democracy to adopt
obnoxious measures, they had united the northern
people to resist the further tuumphs of their am-
bition, and had thus lost the balance of power,
they invoked eloquently the memoiics of their
former domination, and wept over its decline.
At every public gathering the air was burdened
with their impassioned appeals to the masses to
rise and resist the imaginary wrongs threatened
by the North, 01, as they derisively called the
friends of the Government, Yankees. Every
court-house, every church, every fairground, was
vocal with traitorous eloquence, and God's inno-
cent air was loaded with execrations against a
Government, the work of their and our fathers,
which never harmed a hair of their heads, and
whose only fault—shown in the compromise meas-
ures of 1833—was, that it had loved them not
wisely but too well.
To speak in favor of the Government was to
incui from the m mble tongueof sedition the charge
of abolitionism, and to be threatened with indict-
ments and imprisonment for endeavoring to stir
tip the slaves to revolt and murder their masters.
Even the fireside was infected by the pest, and
innocent mothers and daughters froze with hor-
ror at the scenes of murder and burning, and a
fate which is worse, pictured to their fancies by
the lying demagogues who addressed them.
To the aspirant after place and honor they held
out the prospect of a separate congress, president,
separate cabinet ministers, judges, and embassa-
dors and consuls abroad; to the lovers of adven-
ture and booty, they pointed to the weak and dis-
tracted Governments of Mexico and the Central
American States, to their mines, their cotton and
sugar lands, and the ornaments of their churches.
Their ambition grasped Cuba, and thatisland was
soon to undergo a practical verification of the doc-
trines of the Ostend confercncc, which had re-
j ceivcd the blind adhesion of the President whom
their votes had elected in 185G. And at the foun-
! dation of this splendid chimera of revolution and
i dominion, and the pivot on which the whole struc-
15 ture was to turn, was the idea, repelled by all the
j' accredited teachers of morals and public law, that
'! the black man was born to be a slave, and that
i it was to defy the decrees of God and nature to
allow him to be free.
! To say that, under this state of things, all per-
! sons who have participated in the rebellion are
alike guilty, is, it seems to me, unreasonable and
;l untrue. Surely, the terrified, the seduced, the mis-
, led, the weak, and even the wayward, are to be
distinguished from the firm, the intelligent, the
j malicious, the deliberate, and the powerful. The
! ax of justice should not fall alike upon those who
11 sin with full knowledge of their wrong and those
j! whose fault arises rather from their association
!i withotheis. The laws of humanity, of morality,
h and the practice of Christian nations forbid, in
'! such cases, the confounding of the comparatively
: innocent with the deliberately guilty. Our own
, self-respect, our own love of justice, should, and
!: I doubt not will, guard the 'Government of our
'■ countiy from such a reproach, and teach the
masses of our erring countrymen that our victo-
\ rious blows arc deait. solely in the interest of hu-
ll manity, law, and order; and that, though they see
it not, their and our posterity will acknowledge
* that we conquer but to save.
I! As to the rule of discrimination, I can think of
none more obvious and jiractical than to include
'i all those in the confiscation who have borne arms
j: against the Government, or aided and comforted
!! the rebellion, and who have at anytime taken an
i oath to support the Constitution of the United
j. States, or held any commission in the rebel land
11 forces, orserved as an officer in their navy, or acted
'j as a member of the rebel congress, or of any of
j the insuigent State legislatuies or conventions
i; since the taking effect of an ordinance of seces-
sion,or as president, vice president, member of
]' the cabinet, judge or other officer of a court, or
L foreign minister, commissioner, consul or com-
mercial agent of the so-called confederate States.
;! This rule, though it may not reach all the ring-
;j leaders of the rebellion, will,! apprehend, be found
sufficient for the ends of justice, and of easy ap-
'| plication. It furnishes simple tests, and the evi-
;j dence of guilt will be easily accessible.
ii I shall, therefore, at the proper time, offer an
ij amendment, by way of jM-oviso, to the first sec-
11 tion of the bill, in accordance with these views,
j: It will be in close analogy to the classification
li embraced in the amendment of the Senator from
j! Ohio furthest from me, [Mr. Sherman,] and I
■1 shall commend it earnestly to the favorable con-
1 sideration of the Senate.
1 Little further need be said, I apprehend, of the
il justice and expediency of the proposed confisca-
!i tion. While I regard it as a war measure to be
j! used for crippling and humbling the enemy, 1 am
!' not forgetful that it may be regarded in ftvo other
:! points of view; first, as a.menns of obtaining in-
ii demnity for the cost of suppressing the insurrec-
I tion, and, secondly, as a punishment for the great
!| guilt of those who have intelligently engaged in it.
'] The first object ought not to be overlooked.
The wanton aggressions upon the Government
'' will, before jieace slmll be lestorcd, have cost us
i §2,000,000,000, a debt the bare interest of which
; will hang heavily upon the people for ages to
! come. Every branch of industry will feel its pres-
'! sure, and every man, woman, and child must con-
