1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
2679
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the amendments
reported by the committee will now be read and
passed upon, before any other amendments are
offered to the bill, commencing where we left off
yesterday morning.
Mr. LATHAM. In the sixth line of section
one, the name of "J. Carver" should be "H.
Carver."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The name of " Wes-
ter Davis,'5 in the thirty-seventh line of that sec-
tion, should be " Werter Davis."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The corrections will be made, as
those are typographical errors. The pending
amendment is to strike out " one hundred and
second," in the fifty-first line of the first section,
and insert "one hundredth."
Mr. TilUAlBULL. In my judgment, that in-
volves a very important principle. I think it is
a very serious question whether the Government
of the United States has authority to charter a
company to build a railroad in a State of this Union.
If it can do that in one State it can in all, and this
Government may charter companies to build uui-
roads in the State of Illinois, or in the State of
New York, or in the State of Maine, or any other
State of the Union. I question the exercise of that
power very much, and I think that this amend-
ment ought not to be made. I will not, however,
take up time in its discussion. The principle is
familiar, I presume, to every Senator, and prob-
ably every Senator has his mind made up 011 the
subject, and has an opinion one way or the other
whether the Government of the United States may
charter a company to build a railroad in a State
of this Union or not.
Mr. GR.IMES. What is the amendment ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition is to
amend the bili so that, instead of the road begin-
ning on the one hundred and second meridian of
vvestlongitu(le,itshall begin at the one hundredth
meridian, which would authorize the commence-
mentof the road and its construction two degrees
in the State of Kansas, the western boundaty of
Kansas being the one hundred and second meridian.
Iftheamendmentisadopted,thecompany will have
the right to commence the road and run it for two
degices in Kansas. It was said yesterday that it
would not of necessity begin the road there, that
they might commence the road in Nebraska and
be 111 a Territory. True, that would be possible,
but still this bill gives the company the right jf
they think pioper to commence m the State of
Kansas, and if the United States have a right to
charter a company to build a road in Kansas, they
have a 1 lght to condemn the lands there, and they
may take possession of all our railroads. If the
Government of the United States may do this,
they may, under their paramount right of emi-
nent domain, go into the State of New York and
condemn the "New York Central railroad, and
make it a Government road; and so with any other
railroad in the United States. I do not purpose
arguing the question, but I would like to have the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the amendment,
as I think it involves an important pnnciple.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say to the Senator
from Illinois that if he looked at the bill further,
he would find that if the other amendments of the
committee were adopted, this road could not com-
mence in the State of Kansas. The Republican
is north of the north boundary of Kansas; and if
the amendments of the committee are adopted, the
road must commence between the Republican and
the Platte, and therefore it must commence in a
Torutory.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The House of Rep-
resentatives intended that this road should com-
mence on the western bolder of the State of Kan-
sas. 1 should like to hear the Senator from Iowa
give a reason for the change. The bill, as it is
now framed with tins amendment, does give the
Government the right to make one hundred and
forty tndes of road within our State. The House
of Representatives provided that it should com-
mence on the one hundred and second parallel of
longitude; this puts it at the one hundredth.
Mr. IIARLAN. Before answering the Sen-
ator's question, I desire to inquire of the Chair if j
it is in order to amend this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFFCER. It is.
Mr. HARLAN. I move, then, to amend it so
as to lix a point at or near Fort Kearny as the
starting point of thetroad. That will obviate the
constitutional question raised by the Senator from
Illinois, and will very greatly diminish the cost of
the construction of the road, by shortening the
various branch roads that this bili provides for,
something like one hundred and fifty miles each,
and diminishing the number of bonds and the
number of acres that the bill proposes to grant
accordingly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa is, in the fifty-first
and fifty-second lines of the first section, to strike
out the words " such points 011 the one hundred
and second meridian of longitude west from
Greenwich," and insert, " at or near Fort Kear-
ny."
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senate will not
at this time adopt that amendment. We changed
the starting point from the one hundred and sec--
ond to the one hundredth meridian at the sugges-
tion of the Senator from towa, and he united with
the committee in reporting the bill as it is. He was
the only Senator on the committee who desired
to have the starting point changed from the one
hundred and second to the one hundredth meridian.
It is very true, as he says, that placing the point
at Fort Kearny would obviate the constitutional
objection; so if it were put at the north pole, or
anywhere on that meridian outside of a State, it
would obviate the objection; but the whole bill is
framed on the supposition that that is not a valid
objection. This whole bill goes on the supposi-
tion that if one of these companies fails to con-
struct its road within a given time, the other com-
panies may proceed with its construction. The
bill provides that if the California company, for in-
stance, fails to construct the road in the State of
California, this central company may proceed and
construct the 1 oad through California; and, on the
other hand, if the central company fails to con-
struct the central load, the California company
may proceed to construct it, or two or three com-
panies may unite in doing so. The whole bill is
framed on the basis that if either one of the com-
panies fails, the others, unitedly or separately,
may go on and complete the work; and it docs not
change the terms on which, or the time in which,
the work is to be done, in that event.
I cannot see any valid objections to this amend-
ment arising from the Constitution, because the
bill provides that the companies may take advant-
age of any existing chai ter ijivcri by a State, and
I think the Srnatoi fiom HUnou will not under-
take to say that a company, by the consent of a
State, may not const 1 uet a 1 oad in that State. The
bill provides that where the central company pro-
pose to run their road in a State, they may make
use of any charter granted by that State. In that
way they obtain the consent of the State and the
consent of the parties owning the charter in the
State; and surely the doctrine cannot obtain here
that the Government cannot chai ter a company to
run in a State with the consent of the State. 1 do
not see that there is any force in the constitutional
objection. Atany rate, the objection is obviated
by the bill in two ways: first, it does not of neces-
sity make the road commence in Kansas; and sec-
ond, it provides that the centtal company may
avail itself of any charter granted by any of the
States to run in the States. In that way they get
the consent of the States, and there is no violation
of a constitutional obligation in it. I hope there
will be no change made in this respect, because we
compiomised on this line with the Senator from
Iowa to come down two degrees, so as to shorten
all these branches, and we obviated the constitu-
tional objection in the way of which I have
spoken. I hope the Senate will sustain the com-
mittee in their report.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to say a few words
on this bill, and, from the view I take of it, I may
as well submit them upon this question, on which
1 think they naturally arise. This is a proposi-
tion to change the route of the road as fixed in
the bill, and it becomes, in my mind, very im-
portant, upon the principle suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois—a principle which
lies at the foundation of a portion of this bill, and
one which will have to be encountered by the Sen-
ate before any bill can be enacted which will au-
thorize a continuous construction ot a load from
the Missouri river to the coast of the Pacific.
From the cursory examination I ha\c been able
to give this bill in its various details, I have come
to the conclusion that it is imperfect. Ardent
supporter as I am of the measure for a railroad to
the Pacific, filling up aB the space between the
Missouri river and the Pacific coast, as I under-
stand irat present, I cannot give my consent to
this bill, and I shall move to recommit it to the
committee; but before doing so, 1 will submit what
notions I have in regard to itupon the motion now
before the Senate.
This bill, in general terms, proposes the con-
struction of a railroad from the Missouri river to
the Pacific coast. Nearly one half of that terri-
tory lies in sovereign and independent States, over
which, of course, the United States has no power
and no right to grant a right of way; and there-
fore whatever legislation Congress may propose,
must be proposed in conjunction with the legis-
lation of those States. I hold the proposition sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Illinois to
be sound.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that, under the provisionsof this bill,
the grant in States is to companies chartered by
the States, and where the local law provides ex-
actly how the right of way shall be obtained.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand it; and the hon-
orable Senator will not understand me as rising to
object to his measure. I am for it, unqualifiedly and
ardently for it; and I shall make no suggestion
which is not designed to perfect the measure, to
strengthen it, and to give it success. All the com-
ments I make shall be made on the friendly side;
and of course the friends of the measure above all
others must desire that it shall be so perfected that
when it becomes a law it can be executed.
I was remarking that a portion of the contem-
plated route is through the States, and a portion
through the Territories. Over the Territories, of
course, Congress has jurisdiction, and may grant
the right of way, and may give to the corporation
such lights as will enable the corporators to build
the railroad. From the one hundred and second
meridian of longitude west to the western line of
the Territory of Nevada the road will run through
the territory of the United States. From theMis-
souri river to the one hundred and second meridian
of longitude the road is in Kansas, and under the
jurisdiction of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Nebraska comes down to the
river.
Mr. MORRILL. I say that west of the Mis-
souri river, to the one hundred and second merid-
ian of longitude, the territory over which the road
is to run is under the jurisdiction of Kansas; and
from the western boundary of Nevada to the Pa-
cific coast the territory is under the jurisdiction
and controlof California. Now, the firstquestion
I desire to submit to the honorable Senator, who
is the chairman of this committee, and to the Sen-
ate, is, what is the provision for a continuous route
from the Missouri river to the Pacific coast ? Does
this bili provide for such continuous route so that
it will bo practicable for the corporators to make
that road over that whole route? In the discussion
of this question it is idle to say that the Congress
of the United States has any power over this route
except within the Territories of the United States.
There its power ends; and all your legislation in
regard to these charters on the territory outside is
upon a supposition that somebody has rights in
that territory in conjunction with these which you
are gianting here, which may be exercised for the
general purpose. That is the assumption; I will
examine that by and hy. Starting now with this
proposition, where does this road begin; where is
the point of departure for that portion of the road
which is within the jurisdiction of Congress, and
which thiscorporation is authorized to locate, con-
struct, and lun? As the bill is repotted without
the amendments, it commences at the one hundred
and second meiidmn of longitude west. That is'
the general description. But at what point west? !
cannot repeat the language; but substantially it is
this: itcommencesatthe termination ofthcLcaven-
worth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company.
It is to commence at the one hundred and second
meridian of longitude west, at the termination of
the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western railroad.
Where is that? That is a corporation, or a supposed
corporation, chartered by the State of Kansas. Of
coutse, it must tciminate in Kansas; and as the
railroad chartered through the Territories term-
inates east, on the eastern boundary at the one
hundred and second meridian of longitude, in order
to connect with this the Kansas road must term-
