1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SYTH OOK ....2D SESS.
199
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. of Reps.
we have thereby recognized, at least, the possibil-
ity of the severance of these States and dismem-
berment of the Republic. This is not the lan-
guage of the Constitution, nor is it the voice of
our people, who alone can do that thing. Such
course would release any man on laying down his
arms; indeed it would not be treason if he was
not a citizen. Sir, we must not drive the Exec-
utive to make as well as execute laws governing
our own internal policy. All legislative power
granted in the Constitution is in " a Congress of
the United States, which shall consist of a Senate
and House of Representatives." I grant you that
a military necessity, arising with a particular com-
mand, grows instantly into law, but it goes no
further than necessity and that command.
It is the people's demand that Congress do
pass a confiscation law. And, sir, was it not for
the fact that the confiscation of the slaves of reb-
els was also in contemplation, there would be
little opposition to the measure. But I think that
the friends of slavery, if patriots, must see that
directed as it is intended by its supporters against
individuals who have committed treason, it is no
attack upon, or violation of the State sovereignty
or State powers, since there is no State constitu-
tion recognizing treason against the United States,
or protecting it. So the punishment of a traitor
by confiscation of his property, is not attack on
the State or institution of the State in which the
traitor resides, any more than the arrest, fine, and
imprisonment by the national Government of a
counterfeiter of coin is an attack on the laws, con-
stitution, or sovereignty of the State where he re-
sides. And seizing the property of a rebellious
subject to weaken or punish him, is no violation
of the right of him who is not rebellious, and does
not affect the State. But there seems to be upon
the part of those who have made themselves the
simple supporters of slavery, so much short-
sighted prejudice and incurable selfishness, that
they seem to think the lives, property, and social
relations of the true free white man asof minutely
less importance than the title of those men to their
slaves. Either their prejudice against the negro,
or their interest in him as a slave, is stronger than
their love for the convenience and safety of the
defenders of their country, or of their families neg-
lected in their abscncc in the Army of the nation,
Brutus said that he slew Caesar, not because he
loved him less, but because he loved Rome more.
These men who are so tender of the rebels' title and
constitutional privileges, must necessarily plead in
defense of their desire to continue slavery in the
hands of men who, for slavery, are seeking the
overthrow of the Government; that it is not that
they love the Union, Constitution, liberty, the
lives of our soldiers, the welfare of the widows and
orphans which this war is making, the commerce
sacrified, education and social progress hindered
by the war less, but that they lov« slavery more.
But this question seems to present more than
ordinary differences of opinion as to the expe-
diency of confiscating rebels' property, and we
are treated to the special objection by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr, Dunlap,] who, in his
remarks the other day, said:
" Cut there is a third party here who would liberate the
slaves of rebels and turn them loose upon society. What
will be the effect of such an act? Turn loose the rrhcl
slaves in Kentucky, and will they not demoralize the slaves
of the loyal men? Will they not disturb ail the relations
which exist within the quiet and peaceful families of the
cntite State? Yes, such will be the effect. You tell me
there is no fear to be entertained from the freedom of the
hl.ives. Sir, when youdemoiahze the slaves of Union men
by those you would set free, you will bring about mcemlin-
nsm, death, and destruction to the loyal men o( the whole
State, and destroy all the social relations which now exist.
" Bui suppose you p.iss yourcmancipation law. It is the
duty of the President to see that all the laws are faithfully
executed. He is bound to execute sucli a law if you pass
it. It the loyal and disloyal masters of the South adhere to
their right to maintain theirown institutions, and deny the
right of the Executive to execute the law, the President will
be met with resistance To what extent I do not know;
but if they do resist, one or both, the President will take
the Army and Navy to put down opposition to the enforce-
ment of the Jaw. When lie attempts to do that you have a
second war in the nation. You have now a great war, with
six hundred thousand men arrayed upon the part of the
Union to suppress tins rebellion, and you have half as many,
or more,, in the rebellious States in opposition to you; and
if you send forth the national forces to enforccsuch a law,
you will have to double the toice which the nation now
has.
" Sir, I think if there is any evil greater than another, it
is that of demoralizing the slaves of loyal men, by the slaves
ot disloyal men set free. And such will surely be the re-
sult, and to the extent I have mentioned, if you adopt the
policy to which I have referred."
This you see could not happen with property,
so there would be, in the absence of the common
fate of rebel slavery with rebel property, but little
opposition. But the position of-thc gentleman
places its advocates us inimical to the true char-
acter of free men. It holds the possible incon-
venience to the^ loyal slaveholders by associations
of his slaves with free negroes asof more import-
ance to this House and the country than any other
interest in this contest; greater than the sacrifice
of home, property, family relation, health, com-
fort, and life, of those true free white men who are
now far from their own homes and families in de-
fense of the homes of these loyal slaveholders.
Our sold iorsplace the evils to their country, brought
on by those slavery propagandists, as above their
convenience and their lives, and hence offer both
for their settlement. Not so with slaveholders,
however. Not content with the wrongs already
done, the few who remain attached to the Govern-
ment claim a greater protection for slavery than
freemen get for themselves. Freemen have to
bear the contamination as well as the bayonets,
muskets, and artillery of traitors themselves, which
lam inclined to hold as an " evil greater" than
the association of slaves with free negroes. If
slavery is of such reprehensible character that it
cannoteven bearcontact with a free negro it must
be of a doubtful character, and insufficient to jus-
tify patriots in supporting it. Sir, I will be'ex-
cused, I hope; but whether I am or not, I now, in
kindness, but with fullest meaning, say tliat the
man who puts a condition between himself and
the defense of his Government is not uncondi-
tionally loyal to that Government. Ho who ad-
heres to a privilege which he or his friends have
exercised under the Government, in preference to
the Government itself, is not a safe sentinel at the
door of the nation's power. However, 1 think the
gentleman did not speak of himself.
Sir, the true patriot has no condition; he offers
or he accepts none; he is ladically for his country;
his property, time, health, and life, arc all at his
country's disposal; not only so, but he will carry
them to the battle-field and offer them upon the
altar of his country, while these semi-patriots
find excuses for rebels, slavery, on the hypothesis
of an injury arising from the association of ne-
groes among themselves. "What this is less than
inchoate disloyalty I am at a loss to comprehend;
and especially am I staggered with the loyalty of
the man who could here assert, as the gentleman
did in the same speech, as follows:
"Cut permit me to say that! have been taught in the pn^t
thattieason was committed by overt act. I have been taught
that silence or inaction was not treason; that treason may
be in the heart, but that until it is developed it is not trea-
son."
Great God! Do men, patriots, Congressmen,
defend treason by law, excuse it on constitutional
protections, take advantage of the frecdom-pro-
tecting clause of a Constitution to defend treason
and traitors against it—do this in the name of pa-
triotism ? Is it an excuse for disloyalty that you
can evade the law?
Sir, the man who is no more honest than the
law compels him to be, is faithless to the law
which he stubbornly obeys. If the gentleman had
said that they wished to be quiet, and, as I fully
believe for him even against his speech, to avoid
making Kentucky a battle-field, and particularly
until her true men could be prepared, I would
have admired the saying. I could not say so much
for what 1 have heard.
As to the othergentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wadmvortii,] who spoke to us of the intention
of Kentucky to defend the rebel's right to his
property in his slaves, that confiscation of rebels'
slaves would be odious to him, and that if Con-
gress should pass such law, " justice, honor, and
humanity, everything that is honorable in the
human character would compel them [the loyal
men of Kentucky] to throw down their arms;'5
who talked of Kentucky fighting the Government
as well as the rebels for slavery, and says that
our northern troops are fighting to sustain them
in their slave property—I must confess that I am
not so much surprised, but would advise him that
the man whose home was then and is now de-
fended and only safe because the freemen of the
jSorth, who despise slavery asa heartless ingrat-
itude, are in Kentucky in arms to quel! this most
accursed rebellion of slaveholders, should, as a
matter of the most common propriety, refrain
from associating theirpatriotism with the injustice
and disregard of the better rights and duties of
men. While the true men of my State and dis-
trict are defending his home, I will not carelessly
pass over without refuting that remark, and sug-
gesting that it is not the most agreeable to be thus
spoken to by a man who has not a home only as
ourpeople protect it for him. Sir,if I could notgo
to my district and find support enough among my
constituents to defend that district from treason
m it and in my State, I would hesitate before I
threatened the defenders of my home and my
Government.
There is one other matter to which I wish to
refer, having been raised in a slave State, and hav-
ing spent the past summer and fall in the Army.
In Virginia and Missouri I know what slavery is
both in peace and in war. I have taken care to
notice the temper and integrity of the slaves, I
do assure you that they are as anxious to gain
their liberty as you would be, similarly situated;
that their hopes lor freedom is of this Govern-
ment, and that they arc true and loyal; having but
one hope and one desire, their judgment takes that
single channcl; theirpatriotism is unconditional
and pure; they are frequently well posted, and
would make good guides and informants in the
country around then* masters' homes; they fur-
nish the bestevidences of the loyalty of their mas-
ters, because all overt acts are done by them at
his bidding. Considering their long and studied
degradation, they are remarkably truthful and in-
telligent, relating with childlike simplicity what
has come undei their care, always willing to ac-
company you for the verification of their state-
ment; seldom cowardly, thoy follow an army into
the battle and fearlessly perform any duty. Where
the cannon balls plowed the earth, and men fell
around them, 1 have seen these blacks perform
with alacrity every order assigned them. They
would joyously meet the power which liberates
them, and in thankful humility obey the orders of
their deliverers.
This is the lime of all others to release the slaves
of rebels. Such law could only be enforced by the
Army. Hence the Army would be on the spot to
quell any possible outbreak. The southern man
who can read the future by the experience of the
past would hail with joy a passage to liberation
under such protection; for I tell you that the time
is coming when the master will be happy m his
escape from the gathering wrath of wronged mil-
lions, under the care and direction of usurpers,
who will lose no knowledge of crime in the his-
tory of the present rebellion. Slaves are always
powerful engines in the hands of their deliverer.
Rome defended heisclf thus against the armies of
Carthage under Hannibal, and our own General
Jackson defended New Orleans with freemen and
slaves whom lie made free. "We can secure the
friendship of four millions of people by the single
act of confiscation, and wc lose the confidence
and sympathy of the civilized world without it.
Already the devotion of the slaves to our cause is
provoking action in the war department of the so-
called southern confederacy. I will here incor-
porate in these remarks a letter from J. P. Benja-
min, secretary of war of Jefferson Davis to the
Governor of Virginia:
Confederate Statks o* America,
War Department, Richmond, January 8, 1862.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that General Whit-
ing has telegraphed to this department that he lias taken up
some eighteen or twenty negio women and childien, resid-
ing within Virginia, against whom the proof of correspond-
ence with the enemy is too btronj,' to permit them to remain
in front of our lined on the Potomac. They have been sent
to the rear of our army. The husbands of these negro
women are now with the enemy. I will thank you to in-
form me what disposition shall be made of these women
and children. They cannot be permitted to remain in front
of our lines, and there arc no accommodations for them in
the rear.
Your obedient servant, _ „
J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.
Hon. John Letcher, Governor Qj Virginia.
These negro men are true; and even their women
and children are purer patriots than their boast-
ing, honorable, humane, and chivalnc masters.
We have been taught for many years by those
oppressors of mankind that the system of slavery
