1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
" Mr. HARRIS. Allow mo to say that the infer-
ence is exactly the contrary of what the Senator
says. We do expressly suy that this testimony
is not sufficient to preclude his being sworn, with-
out committing ourselves as to the subsequent
effect of it.
<Mr. SUMNER. That brings me now to the
practical point. It is evident that the Senate can-
not proeced with the discussion of this question,
which is in some respects novel, though I think
when it was first started I showed that it was not
entirely novel, withouthaving the evidence before
it. The papers that were presented to the com-
mittee, it seems to me, therefore ought to be in
print. We must be in the same position with the
committee. We must be enabled to determine
whether the committee were right when they un-
dertook to say that the Senator, notwithstanding
that evidence, is entitled to take his oath at that
desk. Therefore, Mr. President, I move that the
papers in the case be printed for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope the Senator will
include the majority and minority reports.
Mr. SUMNER. Ofcourse. They will be printed
under the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the report of the committee, together with the
views of the minority and the papers referred to
the committee, be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
OltDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther morning ^business, Senate biil No. 175 will
now be taken up as the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe it was the under-
standing, upon the suggestion of the Senator fiom
New Hampshire, that the bill reported back by
him in regard to iron-clad gunboats should be
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That Senator is not
in his seat.
Mr. GRIMES. I will call it up in his name,
if I may do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to have
a vote on the bill which was pending yesterday;
and then I shall not have the least objection to
taking up the bill alluded to by the Senator from
Iowa. We fully debated the bill which was up
yesterday, and 1 think before the subject passes
away from our memories we ought to dispose
of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is hardly safe
to conclude that the debate has closed on the bill
referred to by the Senator from Ohio. It may
be of particular interest to some Senators, but
I hardly think it is worth while to take up that
bill now. It is very near one o'clock*, and when
that hour ariives, the Senator fiom Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce,] who has charge of it, will ask the
Senate to take up the civil appropriation bill,
which has been lying on the table for some ten
days, and which ought to be passed promptly. I
hope we shall pass it to-day. The Finance Com-
mittee have not pressed it, because the case of the
Senator from Indiana has stood in the Way; but
at one o'clock we desire to take it up.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
have for some days yielded to the other business
of the Senate winch seemed to require prompt ac-
tion. I should be very glad now if the Senate
would take up the House bill appropriating money
forsundrycivilexpcnsesof the Government. The
Finance Committee have charge of agrcat deal of
business, and it is very desirable to get through
with a portion of that which they have on hand,
and which is ready foi the action of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not wish to interfere with
the order of business of the Senate, and I do not
wish to press this matter in the absence of the
Senator fiom New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I am here.
Mr. GRIMES. But if the intelligence that has
come to the city this morning can be relied upon,
I apprehend that no bill which has been before
this Congress, or which will be before it, is of
more importance to the country than this bill,
which authorizes the construction of iron-clad
vessels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take it up and pass
it before one o'clock.
Mr. GRIMES I hope the Senate will take it
up and pass it. There will be no particular objec-
tion to it, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Iowa to postpone
the pending bill, and all other prior orders, for the
purpose of taking up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
IRON-CLAD GUNBOATS.
The consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 153)
to authorize the construction of twenty iron-clad
steam gunboats was accordingly resumed, as in
Committee of the Whole the question being upon
the amendment reported tins morning by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to add as a new section:
•And be it further enacted. That the sum of $10,000,090
be, and hereby is, appiopriated oat of any money in the
Treasury not othei wise appropriated, to carry out the pur-
poses of this act.
Mr. HALE. To carry out the views of the
Senate when the bill was recommitted, I addressed
a letter to the Secretary of the Navy, making the
inquiries which the Senate indicated that they de-
sired to have made. This is a copy of my letter:
Room of Committck on Navat, Affairs,
Scnati:, February 5, 186*2.
Sir: The House bill authorizing the eou-ti action of
twenty iron-clad steam gunboats has been lecomimttcd to
this committee. Before acting on the bill, the coinmutcc
would be happy to hear fiom the Sceictary of the Navy on
the following particular:
1. flow manv of the boat-* can the Department build in
the next six months if the bill passes, and what number in
a year?
2. What is the plan on which tbo Department proposes
to build?
3. What will he the cost of each ?
4. To what particular use is it pioposed to put These ves-
sels when completed?
Respectfully yours, -
JOHN P. HALE, Chairman.
lion. Gidfon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
To which the committee received the following
answer this morning from the Department:
Navy Departmfnt, February 7, 1852.
Sir: I have the honor to inform jou, m reply to your
letter of the 5lh i'lM.uit—
1. That the Department can piobablv build ten or twelve
iron-clad gunboats in the next mk month?, and probably
double or three tinier that number witlnn a year.
2. The Department docs not propof-c to confine itself ex-
clusively to any paiticulai plan yetofleied; but proposes to
avail il.self of the experience which will be gamed ni the
coir-ti action of those nrnv gomu fuiwaid, one ol which will
be soon tested in actual cnnlhet
3. The cost of those planned by the Department can only
be estimated by the proposuN made, which ian<ie from
to ^.">80,1100 each. Captam Euct-son, wIiom! in
gentous batteiy is now completed, piopo-.es to build six
Minitai ves^eN. two to be delivered m fotn months., and the
other torn in live month-, at <i com of $320,Out) c.icb
4. The end proposed lot the gunboat ela^s of vessels i*to
reduce all the lorttficdneapoilaoi the enemy,and open their
haiboijN to the Union ainncs.
i most e;u neatly roeommend an appiopi lation of the Mim
of $10,000,000 to eonstiuct Mich iton-elad ve-^eN as the
exigencies of the service require and the best judgment of
the'Depaitmciifcan suggest.
OmEONT WELLES.
Hon. John I'. IIai.f,
Chaiimun Naval Committee, United States Senate.
In icgard to the capacity of the Department to
produce these boats within the time specified, I
will mention that the battery of Captain Ericsson
was built by contract, and was launched within
a day of the time spe< ified; and the Department
have the fullest confidence that they can command
the boats within the time. Those boats are con-
sidered by the Department, and by practical men
who have the best means of judging, as the very
hot, and in fact the only means of coast defense
that is now known to the military science. Stone
forts can be battered down by these batteries.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the words " public interest," m the
fifth line of the first section, the words " not ex-
ceeding," so as to make the section read:
' The Secretary of the Navy heieby authorized and em-
] powered to rau-e to bo con-tiucted, by contact or other-
I who, as he MiaH deem best tor the public interest, not ex-
| ceeding twenty iron-clad steam gunboat*.
| As the bill now i eads it is imperative on him to
| construct exactly twenty. 1 propose to leave it
! optional, but to provide that the number shall not
: exceed twenty.
! Mr. GRIMES. My only objection to that
' amendment is that it is not necessary. The bill
i merely authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to
1 build twenty gunboats, does not compel him to
do-it. The'SeiU'tor misapprehends the language
1 of the bill, I think.
Mr. MORRILL. Has the Senator any objec-
tion to the amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. I have.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well; then I will say a
word upon it. 1 am not going to oppose this bill,
as I said the other day; but as there did not seem
to )>e much information on the subject, I thought
it a matter of so much importance to the country
as to authorize me to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the subject. I am not going to oppose the
bill now. 1 do not believe the thing is practicable,
and I do not believe it will be found desirable;
but still I am willing, as the bill now stands, that
the Secretary of the Navy should have the au-
thority to construct such number of these vessels
as he may find practicable; but I do not believe it
is worth while for the Senate to express on this
subject, with the scanty information which it has,
the opinion that he ought to construct the definite
number of twenty. If the bill means anything in
fixing the number at twenty, it is of course inti-
mating to the Secretary of the Navy that he ought
to construct that number. Now, with this amend-
ment leavmgit optional entirely with him to judge
what the public interests require, I have no oppo-
sition to the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in,and ordered to be
cngrosscd;and the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing. It was read the third time, and passed.
ADMISSION TO THE ITLOOlt.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom
was referred a resolution for the amendment of
the 48th rule of the Senate, to report the same
back to the Senate with an amendment; and as I
presume it will give rise to no debate, I will ask
for its present consideration. The resolution is
in these words:
Resolved, That the 48th rule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following: "And Governors and e.v
Governor ot States and Tcnuerics."
The committee recommend that the resolution
be amended by striking out the words il and ex-
Governors." The resolution, if adopted with that
amendment, will admit the Governors of States
and Territories on the floor of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to considei the resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make oncremark
with regard to this resolution. I think the rule,
under ordinary circumstances, ought to stand as it
does now; but the fact is, that the uniform and uni-
versal practice is to bung every Governor that
comes here upon this floor. I think it may just
as well be made a proper thing as to be done im-
properly, and therefore I shall make no objection.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
PURCHASE OF GOVERNMENT VESSELS.
Mr. PEARCE. I now aslc the Senate to take
up House bill No. 15-4, being "A bill making
appiopuations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1863, and additional appropriations for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1862."
Mr. SHERMAN, I desire to call for the yeas
and nays on that question, and I will state my
reason. The civil appropriation bill em braces mat-
teis that are of no pressing necessity. It makes
appropriations for the various civil expenses of
the Government, and will not take effect until the
1st of July next. The Senate may as well determ-
ine now whether they will take up the proposi-
tion to decrease the expenditures of the Govern-
ment—which would apply to this biil as well as
to all others—or whether it will go on with the
appropriation biil, which cannotgo into operation
until the 1st of July next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is put I
wish to make an explanation to the Senate for
fear it might be supposed that this bill was called
up this morning fo> the puiposc in anyway on
my pait, or the pait of the Senator from Mary-
land—I do not know that he would be suspected
of it—of interfeiing with the bill suggested by the
honorable  S<mator from Ohio. The fact is sim-
ply this: the civil bill has been lying here now
for more than a week, and it has been postponed
on consultation between the honorable Senator
from Maryland and myself, he having reported it,
