ms a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
at.the same point; and that brings us to the
©SMt hundred and second meridian of loingityde
west,, for the commencement of the Pacific rail-
road chartered by this Government, and'as the
terminus of that chartered by Kansas. Then we
have the point definitely fixed; it is on the one
hundred and second degree of longitude west, and
within the limits of Kansas. It cannot be fixed
anywhere else, according to the terms of the bill;
because, under the principle suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, which I hold to be
sound, if Congress undertakes to come farther
east, it comes upon the jurisdiction of Kansas,
and, of course, its legislation is void.
Now, what 1 desire to call the attention of the
honorable chairman of the committee especially
tois this: by the terms of his bill, and by the prin-
ciples which must govern it, I have fixed the point
of departure at the one hundred and second degree
oMongitude west, and within the limits of Kansas.
I ask the honorable chairman of the committee
whether, starting from that point, he understands
—is there any information in the possession of the
committee or of Congress which authorizes the
belief—that a practicable route can be found from
that point to the western boundary of Nevada?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does the Senator desire
an answer now ?
Mr. MORRILL. As you please, although it
is not very important to the course of my argu-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The lines have been sur-
veyed and examined and reported upon in the
Army reports and in the surveys made at the
instance of companies, involving the whole route
from the one hundred and second parallel either
by Denver, by the CochatopeePass.by Bridger's
Pass, or by the South Pass.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, Mr. President, I may
as well say what my information on this point is.
Assuming that I am right, and that there is no
Fower by this bill to start from any other point,
have not been able to find in the explorations
and surveys which have been authorized by this
Government, that this route has ever been consid-
ered at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Denver route?
Mr. MORRILL. The route which I assume
you must take, which is the route south of the
riatte route.
Mr, McDOUGALL. It has been examined.
Mr. Stansbury, an officer of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, made a rcconnoissancc of that route
some twelve years ago, and brought his lines into
Salt Lake City.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state what I understand
to be the facts in regard to it, the general inform-
ationaccessible to the public—I do not know what
the honorable chairman may have—and then, of
course, I shall be open to correction. 1 under-
stand, first, that the bill fixes the departure at that
point. Starting at that point, the route crosses
the Territories of Colorado, Utah, and Nevada—
what is called the Denver route, south of the Platte
route. I do not understand that in any of theex-
Clocations of the Government that route has ever
een indicated by any of the public officers of the
Government as at all practicable, and from'my
knowledge of the country and the general descrip-
tions of the route, I understand it to be utterly
impracticable.
Mr. McDOUGALL. My own judgment is that
the Denver route is as impracticab'leas theCocha-
topee route; that is by the head of the Arkansas.
I have examined the surveys of both lines. I have
talked with engineers who have examined all that
line of country. The opinions of the most eminent
engineers involve two considerations; first, divis-
ions of mountains; and, second, the indentation
of the table land by the streams that go into Green
river,anafiiuentof the Colorado or the head waters
of the Colorado, which will require, I think, more
northern approaches; but this is a thing which
should be left alone in legislation. It is an engi-
neering problem, to be settled properly by engi-
neers.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the honorable
chairman, as what I am saying is rather suggest-
ive than otherwise,and only pointing outdifficul-
ties which occurto me, that he allow me togo on,
and when I shall have concluded, of course I shall
be open to coriection.
Mi*. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Maine will give way for a moment, I wish
to say, as he is now interrupted in his speech, that
I stated yesterday that at two o'clock to-day I
desired an executive session. This bill will come
up to-morrow, as a matter of course, as the un-
finished business, at one o'clock.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let us get through with
this question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. "We cannot get through
with it, and it is necessary to have an executive
session, and to have it early.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Maine yield
the floor to allow that motion to be made?
Mr. MORRILL. ]f it is the desire of the Sen-
ate to go into executive session, I have no particu-
lar desire to hold the floor. I have no particular
speech to make. What I have to say is sugges-
tion merely.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from
Maine will continue his speech.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no particular desire
about it.
Mr. McDOUGALL*. I will inquire of the Chair
whether, if this motion should be agreed to, this
bill would come up to-morrow as the unfinished
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be the
unfinished business to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Or at any time when the
morning business is closed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will come up
regularly at one o'clock. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. LATHAM. Before that motion is put I
wish to enter my earnest protest against disposing
of this bill in this way. We were reproached yes-
terday for not continuing the discussion of the bill.
Let me warn my colleague that he is committing
a grave mistake, and endangering this important
measure to our constituency, by consenting to its
being treated in this slipshod manner. We have
not been an hour on the bill to-day, and now it
is proposed to let it go over until to-morrow at
one o'clock. I-know that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, (Mr. Wilson,] a friend of this bill, is
very anxious to press a bill in his charge to a
vote, and is also desirous of being heard upon it,
but he gave way out of courtesy to-day to allow
tills measure to be taken up in order that it might
be proceeded with ns far as it could be during the
day. I do think we ought to spend, certainly, a
great deal more time than we have thus far in the
consideration of this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Probably we shall not be in
executive session more than half an hour.
Mr. LATHAM. We can go into executive
session later in the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. LATHAM. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator fiom Wisconsin to make his motion at three
o'clock, and allow us to go on with the bill up to
that lime.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the distinct under-
standing that there will be unanimous consent to
go into executive session at three o'clock, 1 will
waive my motion.
Mr. LATHAM. I will not consent to any
such agreement, and I do not wish it to be under-
stood that unanimous consent is given. As an
earnest friend of this measure, I intend to press
it in season and out of season, until we can get a
vote upon it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I must insist on my
motion to go into executive session now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Don.
little, Fes*>ewlcn, Foot, Fo&ter, Grimes, Harris, Howard,
Howe, Kins, Lane of Indiana, Simmons, Ten Evck,Trum-
bull, Wade, IViimof, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Garble, Clark,
Harlan, Henderson, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
McDoucall, Morrill, Nesmith, i'omeroy, Powell, SauUbury,
Stark, Wiiley, and Wilson of Mis ouii—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 12, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEXICAN MILITARY COMMISSION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, in answer
to resolutions of the House of the 20th of De-
cember, 1861, and the 20th of January, 1862, call-
ing for information as to the money paid to clerks
and others connected with the Mexican military
contribution account; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
DiytFEE'S SUBMARINE GUN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in answer to a resolution of the House of the 9th
instant, requesting information as to the propriety
of making an appropriation for Durfee's subma-
rine gun; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MRS/ FRANCES ANN McCAULEY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. At the instance of Mrs.
Frances Ann McCauley, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in her case.
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
HOLIDAYS.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in
order to be the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday, which was joint resolution
No. 84, recommending the observance of the 14th
of June and 17th of September, annually, as pub-
lic holidays; the question being on ordering the
resolution to be engrossed and read the third time.
TAX BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to bring up a matter which can
be disposed of at this time as wellas atany other.
I refer to the tax bill, which was returned to us
from the Seriate with three hundred and fifteen
amendments. The Committee of Ways and
Means are now ready to report the amendments
of the Senate back to the House, and the question
is whether we shall proceed to consider them one
after another, or shall act upon them en masset
and at once refer them to the action of a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
will suggest that I have been unofficially advised
that a mistake was ftiade in transcribing some of
the amendments of the Senate, and it may be that
the House will soon receive a message from the
Senate asking for the return of those amendments
in order that the proper corrections may be made.
I suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
therefore, that ho defer bringing the question be-
fore the House until the corrections have been
made.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that it is as well for
us to decide now whether we are to submit all
these amendments, three hundred and fifteen in
number, as I have said, to a committee of confer-
ence, or to send them to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to be considered
separately. If we send them to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and they
are considered consecutively, we all know the
great length of time that will be occupied. A large
number of the amendments nre immaterial or of
bnt little importance, but there are many of them
of very great importance. If we appoint a com-
mittee of conference, after having non-concurred
in all the amendments of the Senate, we will prob-
ably have a report from that committee long be-
fore they can be considered in the usual mode. I
therefore ask the unanimous consent of the House
that the amendments of the Senate to the tax bill
be considered as having been reported back from
the Committee of Ways and Means, and that they
be non-concurred in and a committee of confer-
ence requested. The Committee of Ways and
Means do not propose to arrogate in this matter
if there be any considerable number of the mem-
bers of the House who object to the proposition.
They do not at all object to the amendments tak-
ing the usual course. I put the question to the
House, and I leave the House to decide it.
