m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
31th Cons....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. HutcMns.
Ho. of Kefs.
was beneficial to the slave,as compared with the
African tribes in their own country, proclaiming
themselves the constituted guardians over the per-
sons and property of this unfortunate people. But
it now seems to me that, regardless of opinions
heretofore held by riiany, that these non-produ-
cing leaches had a right to wrong honest laboring
men and women,and their unoffending and help-
less children, forever dooming them to ignorance,
separation, unpaid labor, or brutish sale; that now,
when these oppressed and long-wronged people,
be they ever so humble and poor, are willing to
be true to our troubled Government; that in every
sense of both policy and justice, that we should
not turn with senseless prejudice our backs upon
them, and particularly we should not protect those
traitors to them and the Government by still hold-
ing with the nation's strong arm the power of
boastful traitors over its humble, innocent, but
honorable friends. It is time these guardians
were called to strict account for the basest frauds
and wrongs ever committed on court or ward. A
settlement is due; and those wards rise up and
ask this court to dismiss their guardians, for rea-
sons good in any other court-majority, treason,
and fraud.
These slaves also insist that the education which
they have received from those masters has been
damaging to them, for while professing Chris-
tianity themselves, they have made the most ruin-
ous impressions against that cause in the minds
of those who cannot find Christian meekness in
the face of those traitorous masters and murder-
ers, who leach that the laboier is worthy of his
hire, yet plunder the slaves through life of their
daily wages. The solemnity of the marriage bond,
which has the sanction of Father and Son, violated
by the professed followers of both. That the king-
dom of heaven is like unto little children, while
plundering the cradle of heaven's emblems for the
nearest market and highest price. The doctrine
of equal justice, while practicing these enumer-
ated wrongs, chattel izing humanity, and hawk-
ing alike parent and child in handcuffs, without
crime,attne public shambles; and,finally, teach-
ing treason to those unwilling ears, and compell-
ing those persons to war on a Government which
they love and those to whom they look for help.
I stand here to speak for these oppressed people,
and this world has no jeers or torments which I
would not cheerfully meet and endure for those,
who, in the hour of my country's peril, remain
her friends.
If it is, as claimed, praiseworthy for white men
in the southern States, who have long reaped the
rich harvest of this Government's blessings, to
, remain loyal, how much more so is it for those
wretched, wronged, and untutored slaves, to cling
with patriotic devotion to a Government which
never has protected them from the lash and auc-
tion block. What a commentary upon humanity
and upon the defenders of traitors here upon this
floor! The very nation should bow in sackcloth
and ashes before a wise, just, and insulted God,
and with devotion to duty strike this accursed
treason fair in the face by removing its cause,
when those robbed and wretched slaves and free
blacks who have, by the decisions of your Su-
preme Court, been denied citizenship, who have
long been denounced by the Government and peo-
ple, published as national vagabonds, now in the
hour of our nation's peril,everyone true, patriot-
ically true, to the flag and Union, while their pam-
pered masters openly betray the Government and
murder loyal citizens simply because they are
loyal. And yet the traitors have friends here,
active defenders here, while the cries of the man-
acled slave are only heard to be forgotten.
Freemen who are now enduring the hardships
and expenses of this causeless war, are demand-
ing whj all this; and you refuse the friendship of
four millions of people situated where they could
be our best allies; and why continue to protect
traitors in their oppression? It almost seems to
me that for the hardness of our hearts in past and
present times, the words of Paul are being veri-
fied: " And for this .cause God shall send them
strong delusion that they should believe a lie;
that they all might be damned who believed not
the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness."
If a people ever took pleasure in unrighteousness, .
it is this slavery and treason, by which we lose
the confidence of God and civilized men. Sir, I
would free in the States the slaves of all who did
not boldly support the Government. I would
send commissioners with the Army who would
settle^ach case in accordance with the master's
conduct, and not leave it to subsequent trial and
false proofs.
. It does to me seem most singular that in the
nineteenth century we are called upon to legislate
among civilized men upon the subject of treason
against a Government because it was too, free and
generous in its purposes,atreason in favorof sla-
very and against freedom; and what, if possible,
is still more strange, that an American Congress
should be so unaccountably infatuated with the
high crime of slavery that it falters and falls be-
fore it even in its treasons. What has slavery-
done for the Government which entitles it to this
strong protection in the hands of traitors?
The history of the continued efforts and almost
unbroken success of the slave power to fasten
upon the nation the burdens and crimes of sla-
very, despite the astonished and violated religious,
moral, and political intelligence of civilized and
enlightened men and nations, as well as in direct
insult and personal wrong of a large majority of
our own people, by an assumed and erroneous
exercise of power in the national Government,
turns to shame and fills with deep mortification
every patriot who has seen the strong arm of
Federal power, in the hands of those treacherous
men, powerless for good, and only powerful for
crime.
CONFISCATION OP KEBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN HUTCHINS,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels-
Mr. HUTCHINS said:
Mr. Speaker: I am satisfied that a confiscation
bill such as the one under consideration, or one
more stringent and sweeping, is demanded by the
loyal people of this country. Such a bill, in my
judgment, should have been passed at the extra
session of Congress, but a majority of the House
thought otherwise.
Early in the present session of Congress, divers
propositions were submitted to the House, and
by a majority vote they were all referred to the
Judiciary Committee, supposed, at least, to be the
legal adviser of the House. That committee hav-
ing deliberated some two or three months, finally
reported that in the opinion of a majority of the
committee none of the several bills ought to pass,
and recommended that they do not pass. So it is
fair to presume thata majority of the committee at
that time were opposed to any confiscation bill,
for the reason that if they could not select one
from the numerous bills before tliem, as a matter
of course, their legal ability, if they desired a con-
fiscation bill, would have enabled them to draftand
presentoneto theHouse. They did not do so. I
am glad, however, to notice that at least one mem-
ber of that committee, by a speech which he made
in this House to-day, has given us to understand
that he has changed his mind as to the propriety
of the passage of a confiscation bill, and, as I under-
stand him,he gives his assent to the bill which has
been reported by the select committee.
The Judiciary Committee failing to agree upon
a bill, this House, some few weeks ago, appointed
a select committee, and that committee, by a ma-
jority vote, agreed upon two bills, and they are now
before the House for its consideration. I shall
support them most cheerfully, although I would
have preferred more stringent bills in some re-
spects. But I am satisfied to take them, as perhaps
the best I can get under the circumstances, ana I
have no hesitation in voting for the amendment
introduced by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sedgwick.]
One of the questions which have most occupied
the attention of the House during this discussion
is, the constitutional power to pass a confiscation
bill. I have no doubt whatever of the power of
Congress to pass these bills in the present slate of
the country. The gentleman from Kentucky
who addressed us this afternoon [Mr. Harding]
seemed to think that those of us who voted for a
certain .resolution which he read, were commit-
ted, as Republicans, against any confiscation bill
that interfered at all with the relation of master
and slave, on account of that resolution. That res-
olution; in substance declared, that Congress had
no power to legislate upon the question of slavery
in the States. That principle was correctas a gen-
eral proposition. But it does not follow, as a mat-
ter of course, that if slaveholders combine to rebel
and make war upon this Government, that the
Government may not, as a punishment for their
crime, either confiscate their property or liberate
their slaves. This Government may do, under
the war power for suppressing rebellion, what
there is no occasion for its doing in times of peace.
Everybody understands that.
It is said that no man shall be deprived of life
or liberty without due process of law; but have
we not shot down hundreds of men in the State
of Virginia, under the exercise of the war power,
without due process of law? There has been
very much said during this discussion about the
war power. I do not propose to discuss it, for it
has been clearly stated; and the point in debate
seems to be whether Congress can, under any pro-
vision of the Constitution, exercise, by legisla-
tion, the war power. I claim that Congres-t can,
under an express provision of the Constitution.
The Constitution gives Congress power " to de-
clare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal,
and make rules concerning captures on land and
water;" " to raise and support armies, but no ap-
priation of money to that use shall be for a longer
tym than two years;" " to provide and maintain
a navy;" " to make rules for the government and
regulation of the land and naval forces;" " to pro-
vide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppressinsurrection,and re-
pel invasion;" " to provide for organizing, arm-
ing, and disciplining the militia, and for govern-
ing such part of them as may be employed in the
service of the United States, reserving to the States,
respectively, the appointment of the officers, and
the authority of training the militia, according to
the discipline prescribed by Congress."
Now, clearly this allows Congress to regulate
the exercise of this power which is here expressly
delegated. I admit that under the Constitution
of the United States, the President, in the absence
of any legislation on the part of Congress, may,
as Commander-in-Chief, execute the war power,
may liberate slaves, and may seize the property of
rebels without any act of Congress. But I sub-
mit whether it is not safer to let this power be
regulated by the Representatives of the people,
than to allow it to be exercised by the President
of the United States? I therefore have no-diffi-
culty on the legal questions involved in the pas-
sage of these laws. I will resolve all doubts in
favor of the maintenance of the Government, and
against the traitors in arms to overthrow it.
We have had arguments here from several gen-
tlemen, that the laws of war, as recognized and
understood between independent nations, do not
authorize the seizing and confiscating of pnvate
property. Iam not disposed to controvert that
position. I believe it is correct, as understood
in the law books, and by writers on national law.
But does not any man, with the least reflection,
see the great distinction between its application
to two belligerent nations, and the right of a na-
tion to punish its own rebellious citizens? War
originates between nations, not on account of the
crimes of any of the private subjects of the na-
tions going to war. They are entirely innocent.
Some question of policy or of national honor is
involved, which does not affect the relations of
private individuals. It would, therefore, be un-
wise and inhuman for a nation to go and take
the private property of persons who are not at
all to blame. But a nation engaged in endeavor-
ing to suppress a rebellion, is released from obli-
gations that govern nations by the laws of war.
The rebel is a criminal, and may be treated as
such. The distinction, I think, is perfectly clear
and plain, and, therefore, the argument adduced
on that point has no weight with me.
Objection is made to the bill liberating slaves, and
