698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
merely for the reason that it was deemed advisa-
ble to wait until the Senate disposed of the ques-
tion with reference to the late Senator from Indi-
ana before calling it up, and we had accordingly
fixed upon Friday as the day on which it was
proper to call it up after that subject should have
been disposed of; and it is with a view to getrid
of the accumulation of the business of the'Com-
mittee on Finance that the motion is now made.
We have now several bills before us, two of which
are ready to be reported; but if they were all to
come together they would make so large an inroad
on the time of the Senate that it might be consid-
ered we were interfering too much with other busi-
ness. I thought that at any rate we ought, with
so many bills before us, to dispose of at least one
of the appropriation bills during this week; and
as there is no other day than this, it was thought
best to carry out our original design, and that was
to call up this bill on Friday at one o'clock.
Mr. PEARCE. If this bill appropriated large
sums of money for new objects of expenditure,
I could very well see the great force of the objec-
tion of the Senator from Ohio; but it only appro-
priates what the law requires us to appropriate for
continuing public establishments, and those cur-
rent expenditures which have to be made year
after year. 1 think the bill is much more free from
any objection than any other bill of the sort I
have ever seen. It is what we have been in the
habitof calling here a clean bill. The Committee
on Finance have 110 large, extravagant appropri-
ations to add to the House appropriations. There
are no schemes of money-making, no grants to
companies in South America or elsewhere, no
large speculative projects or congressional con-
tracts in it. It is a remarkably clean lull; and I
do not myself see that the fact that the finances
of the country are in a bad condition, and we
ought to repair them as soon as possible, should
prevent us from taking up this bill now and act-
ing upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expiied, tin; special Older of the day is
now before the Senate, which is the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs on the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate relative, to the employment of George
D. Morgan, of Now York', to purchase vessels
for the Government, on which the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr.FESSENDEN. 1 movethatall prior orders
bo postponed, for the purpose of faking up the
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire yield for that purpose?
Mr. HALE. No, sir. 1 '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire, then, is entitled to the lloor.
Mr. HALE. In saying that, I want to say to
the Senator from Maine that I do not propose to
occupy the attention of the Senate more than a lit-
tle while. When I moved that this subject should
be made the special order for to-day, no objection,
whatever was made to it. I would have given way
then if I had been aware of any understanding
with the Committee 011 Finance that their bill was
to bo taken up to-day; but us there was 110 objec-
tion made then, and as I deem this to be a matter
of a good deal o( importance, one that relates to
the financial condition of the country, although it
proposes no actual legislation, 1 must beg the in-
dulgence of the Senate bueily to submit what I
have to say at this time. In doing it, Mr. Presi-
dent, let me say that I know the resolution which
the Committee 011 Naval Affairs have submitted
is obnoxious to the censure cast upon it by the
honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman1] the
other day, that it proposes no actual legislation,
and yet  a >
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him whether he designs making his remai ks
on my motion to postpone all prior orders ?
Mr, HALE. No, sir; I do not. I did not sup-
pose that that was the motion before the Senate.
Mr. fESSENDEN. That is the motion before
the Senate to postpone all prior orders, and take
up the civil appropriation bill.
I lie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine is mistaken. The order of the day is now
before the Senate; and upon that the Senator from
New Hampshire is entitled to the floor. No other
Senator can intervene. The Senator from New
Hampshire was entitled to the floor, he having
obtained it when lie made the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did notmake
any objection to my motion when I made it. How-
ever, if he insists on the point of order, as a mat-
ter of course I must submit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair inquired
of the Senator from New Hampshire if he gave
way for the purpose of allowing the Senator to
introduce his motion, and the Senator from New
Hampshire was understood by the Chair to say
he did not.
Mr. HALE. The truth is, Mr. President, I
do not often insist upon my rights here; I have
given them up so many times and so frequently
that whenever I have got the floor generally half
a dozen speeches have crept in before 1 have had
time to say a word. [Laughter.] I desire to say
now, however, wlmt 1 have to say on this sub-
ject, because I think it will aid the chairman of
the Committee on Finance very materially in his
labors on that Finance Committee, if he will do
me the favor to listen to the few poor remarks I
shall make on this occasion. If I was certain that
every member of the Senate had read and consid-
ered the brief report which the Committee on Na-
val Affairs have made on this subject, I would
consider myself relieved from the necessity of
saying anything. But, sir, the subject under con-
sideration to my mind is an exceedingly import-
ant one; and the stand which the Senate are to
take upon it, it seems to me, is full of import to
the country. What I shall say I shall say not as
a Republican, not as a member of any party; I
stand here to plead for my country.
1 am aware that, in some of the remarks I may
make, I may be accused of opposition to the Ad-
ministration. I was 011 a former occasion accused
of being a pretended friend, but an opponent of
the Administration. The same thing has been
repeated in several newspapers which have been
sent to me. Oil that point, sir, I desire to be dis-
tinct and unequivocal. Humble as I am, I have
nothing to buy, and nothing to sell. The Admin-
istration have 110 gift within their power that I
want; and I have nothing that they can have for
any consideration except that which relates to the
public interest and the welfare of tins country. I
want none of their gifts. They shall have the best
support that 1 can give them, unsolicited and mi-
bought; and 1 will say to the Administration can-
didly, because I want to be plain and understood,
just as the old Hebrew prophet said to the admin-
istration of Babylon:
'' Let thy Gtifts bo to thyself, umt give tliy rewards to
another; hut I wiliiead to the king the writing, and declare
to him the iuteipieution 0111."
Sir, that is exactly where I stand. I shall give
to the Administration an earnest, an honest, and
a zealous suppoit, and they cannot help them-
selves. I will say to them as Mr. Pecksniff said
til Martin Chuzzlewit. When Pecksniff forgave
him, Martin said; " I won't be forgiven;" but
Pecksniff replied: " You cannot help yourself; it
is the province of goodness to forgive, and I will
forgive you." [Laughter.] That is exactly the
position I shall occupy towards the Administra-
tion. Wherever I see them maintaining the inter-
est, the honor, and the welfare of the country, I
shall support them. 1 know it has been intimated,
over and over again, that I have some sinister pur-
pose. Let mo say, no earthly consideration, at
this day and at this hour and in this crisis of the
country, could tempt me to leavu the place which,
by the favor of my constituents, I occupy here
to-day. What I say I say for myself and for the
people I re present, and I am not solicitous to please
anybody else.
Mr. President, as 1 said, I look upon the mat-
ter now under consideration as one of great and
increasingimpoi tance. It is a matter that cannot
be winked out of sight; it cannot be concealed; it
cannot be eovercd up; and no sophistry can make
it anything else than what it is. That I may be
distinct, let me call the attention of the Senate to
some objections that were made when this matter
was under consideration the other day. The
honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,]'
whom I do not now see in his seat, and who is
rarely out of it, and who always graces it when
lie is in it, said it was not dignified in this body
to consider this subject upon the evidence that we
then had. There was a demurrer to the evidence.
That is now removed, because we have the evi-
dence in writing, and an open confession in court
on the record, that the transaction is just exactly
what we represent it to be. It is this: the Secre-
tary of the Navy having occasion to purchase
some vessels last summer, went to New York,
employed his brother-in-law to buy them, and for
about five months' service paid him the rouhd
sum, as he to-day admits, of §70,000. I lay aside
as unworthy of the Senate the consideration of
the question whether that $70,000 was paid from
the public funds, and out of the public Treasury.
I have too great respect for the schoolmasters and
schoolmistresses of New England to argue the
question where that $70,000 came from. It came
from the public Treasury, and nowhere else. In-
stead of being confined to $70,000, I venture to
say that, directly, in the purchase of the vessels,
it cost the Government more than twice that sum;
indirectly, it has cost them millions, and is cost-
ing millions more to-day. I say that, directly, it
cost double that amount, because the fact that you
tell a man that he is to pay you such a commis-
sion on the amount for which he may sell his
vessels, will induce him not only to put on that
sum, but a little profit on that. If yon tell a man
he must pay $100 commission, if he has human
nature in his heart ho puts at least $200 on the
price of the vessel, and compels you to pay it
But it is not necessary for me to argue that, be
cause the sum of $70,000 is large enough for the
purpose of my argument.
Again, sir, this transaction, about which the
honorable Senator from Maine was so disturbed
as to the evidence, and which is now before us, is
one that has gone abroad througH the land; it is
known; it stands out in hold relief. When the
country was taxing itself as it never had before,
when it was bleeding at every pore, when new
and untried sources of revenue were resorted to,
when you were taxing the necessaries of the hum-
blest inhabitant of your land, and when the land
was stiaining itself and ail its citizens, and they
were sending their young men to the field, and
giving their money to the Treasury—at that time
and in that hour, when it seemed as if the very
existence of the nation stood in the scale, doubt-
ful which way it was to turn, George D. Morgan,
a merchant of New York, a brother-in-law of the
Secretary of the Navy, was receiving from the
hard earnings of this hard-taxed people a compen-
sation equal to about twelve thousand dollars a
month. When this transaction is spread before ,
the country, when it is written upon the records
of the country and everybody sees it, what does
Mr. Morgan say? Why, sir, he says this—and
the Secretary of the Navy says he adopts his con-
clusion, and adopts his letter, and makes it a part
of his own:
" I say upon my character and responsibility as a mer-
chant and a man of business—having had not a email ex-
perience in ttie course 01 business in this city and elsewhere
—that (legald it as a wise system, and, if faithfully and well
canied out, highly conducive at this time to the public in-
terests.1'
What does he meftn by that? This has notbecn
wisely and well carried out; it has only been in
operation about five months, and put $70,000 in
lus pocket; it is to be changed; the commissions
are to be increased, and the same system is to be
applied elsewhere. The opinion that this is not
an exceptional case, growing out of the emergen-
cies of the then condition of affairs, is indorsed by
the Secietary; and he winds up his letter by de-
claring that to his own convictions and conscience
this transaction was the faithful fulfillment of a
public duty.
The^Secretary in his letter refers to the reputa-
tion c>f Mr. Moigan as an honest man, and to the
admission that was made here upon this floor of
his own integrity. I do not propose to argue the
integrity of the Secretary or Mr. Morgan. That
has nothing to do with the argument that I pro-
pose to submit; but I will add, in passing, this
single remark: in the course of my life 1 have
been much employed in criminal trials, years for
the Government, and years for the criminals; and
I have found, and I have myself occasionally not
unfrequently resorted to the testimony of pre-
vious good character to rebut the presumption
growing out of the alleged and the proved facts;
but my experience and my observation have been
uniformly this—and I think the learned gentle-
men of the law who surround me will find it has
been theirs, and I think my friend from Maine,
who has had no small experience in that way,
