1862:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
will find—that a criminal never puts himself on his
good behavior until the facts proved bear with
such tremendous force that there are no other facts
to meet them, and then, and not till then, he re-
lies on his former good character to rebut the pre-
sumption growing oitf of the facts that are proved.
That has always been my experience and my ob-
servation. When a man has any defense in the
facts, or any confidence in the ingenuity of his
counsel, he does not put in his good character; it
is the last and desperate resort when the defense
cannot be maintained upon the facts.
Now, sir, as I said before, I did not intend to
be drawn into that discussion. In trying a crim-
inal, you know the prosecutor never can put in the
good or bad character of the defendant. He can-
not make that issue; and if the defendant makes
it, he may make the most of it. The prosecutor
is not obliged to reply to it. I have nothing to say
about that, because the good or the bad character
of anybody concerned is wide from the purpose.
I speak of a public policy.
1 have had letters innumerable upon this sub-
ject, many of them anonymous, and I take occa-
sion here to make this remark: in the course of the
long number of years that I have been honored
with a place in the national councils, I have been
favored with an infinite number of anonymous
letters, but I have never read one of them m the
last fifteen yeais. Whenever I find that a letter
is anonymous I destroy it at once without read-
ing it. I have adhered to this rule, and I think
it is a wise course. I have had the satisfaction,
once in my life, of having a man come to me who
had sent me an anonymous letter, and went into
the galleries to see how I took it, whence he saw
me take it and tear it up without reading. I have
had a great many upon this subject. I have had
anonymous letters covering ten or twelve pages ;
upon it, and not one syllable of which I read, or j
ever sluill redd. But I will tell you some of the j
suggestions that have been made to mo. They ,
say, why make an example of Mr. Morgan when
in the purchase of the vessels for the Burnside
expedition greater frauds and vastly greater prof-
ligacy of expenditures have been practiced than
in the purchase of these vessels? I do not know
how that is; nor do I care. We have a very vigil-
ant Committee on Military Affairs. The very
vigilant Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] has
submitted a series of searching questions to the
War Department upon this subject, and when
these resolutions of inquiry are answered, it will
be seen whether these frautls have been practiced
or not; and if they have been practiced in the War
Department, I hope they will be brought to light.
Mr. President, we have been told, and 1 have
heard the remark made over and over again,
" what is the use of all this id le declamation ? H ring
us acasc; put yourfmger upon an instance of the
misapplication of the public money, and biingit
to the consideration of the Senate; and then we
will deal with it." Well, sir, I did put my finger on
the case, and I brought it to the consideration of
the Senate. Then there was a demurrer putm,
that the evidence was not proved, and it was not
dignified to consider it. That is removed. Then
the objection was made that the Secretary had not
been called upon for an explanation. That has
been removed. He has been called upon for an
explanation, and he has given it, and we have it
before us. The pioof is conclusive; the admis-
sion is perfect; and the evidence is before us; but
still I doubt whether we shall be able to pass any
resolution upon this subject.
But, Mr. President, let me ask you to imagine,
if you can, for a moment, what would have been
the conduct of these Republican Senators sitting
around me if we had found such a misapplica-
tion of the public funds by a Democratic Secre-
tary? Why, sir, the vocabulary of Grecian and
Roman literature would have been exhausted foi
classic epithets with which the polished Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] would have
overwhelmed the Democratic delinquent who had
put $70,000 of the public money into the pocket
of one of his family. Here would have been the
impulsive Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] not now in his scat, standing up like the
last of the tribunes, and invoking the judgment of
death upon the man who had made such a use of
the public funds at such a time; and the keen glance
ofthe chairman of the Committee on Finance [Mr.
Fes&enden] would have looked through all the
gossamer with which such Democratic delin-
quency would have sought to shield itself from
the public gaze. $ir, there is an instructive lesson
on this subject for which I am indebted to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] When
he was in the other House, and there was a little
misapplication of the public funds by a Secretary
of the Navy who came from the same town and
the same State with the present Secretary—no re-
flections to Connecticut or Hartford; but it is a
coincidence, that is all, [laughter] 
Mr. DIXON. You need not make any apology
on that subject at all.
Mr. HALE. If there was any reproach to be
cast upon Connecticut or Hartford, the fact that
it has produced my friend would cover a multi-
tude of sins. [Laughter.] But, sir, when this
delinquency ofthe Secretary of the Navy from the
State of Connecticut and the city of Hartford was
under consideration, a Representative from Ohio,
by the name of John Sherman, investigated that
matter, and he submitted these resolutions:
" Resolved, That the Secietaiv of the Navy has, with the
sanction ot' the President, abused his discretional) power
m the selection ol a eoal rigenf,and in the purchase ot'fuel
lot the Government."
lie had abused his power in the selection of a
coal agent. I do not know whether the agent was
a lelative of Mr, Toucey or not. I am told he
wasaftiend. Well, sir, it was not light for a
Democratic Secretary then to select his particular
friends.
"Resolved, That the contiact made by the Secretaiy ot"
the Navy, under date of September CJ3, with William
<J. N. Swift lor the dchveiy of live-oak tnnbei wac made
in violation of law, and m amannei unikMial,nnpiopcr,and
lnjuuous to the public seiviee.
<k Resolved, That the distubmion by the Secretary of the
Na\y of the pationu^e m the navy-yaids among member
of Congicss was destructive of discipline, coriupnngin its
influence, and highly injuuous to the public fccivicc."
There were two other resolutions of censure,
and I will tell you how that House received them.
On the 13th of .Tune, I860, as will appear by the
Journals,Mr. Siiluman moved the picviousques-
tion and it was seconded, and the motion being
put on the main question, it was decided in (he
affirmative by one hundied and one to sevenly-
one,and the resolutions were passed by a vote of
one hundred and eight to forty-one, as appears
i by the Journal of the House. At that time there
j was not a Republican majority, if I am nghtfully
' informed, m the House of Representatives. At
least there was not a majority tliere sufficient to
enable them to elect so staunch a man for Speaker
as my friend from Ohio. The House was about
equally divided between the Democrats and Re-
publicans. There were a few who turned the scale,
but there was no Republican majority in the
< House; and yet, on a vote of censure on the Sec-
! retary ofthe Navy for a misuse of the discretion
j which the law had confided to him, that Demo-
I cralic Secretaiy from the city of Hartfoid, in the
! State of Connecticut, was censured by a vote of
1 more than two to one. I do not ask you to cen-
: sure Mi. Welles; I do not ask you to cast any
i imputation upon his character; but I do ask you
i to lebuko the system which he says he hasniau-
! gurated, and, to use his word, " harnessed" into
' the use of the Government.
I J desire now for a moment, Mr. President, to
| ask your attention to the consideration of a ques-
j tion which the Secretaiy dwells upon laignlyand
| refers to over and over a^ain. He says that he
! adopted this course because he found himself eon-
| fronted by a system whieh these merchants had
! intioduc-d. L<>t me read from his report:
! "In then cc. ting about fo ><,c what I could do in the
' mrnter, I lound niw.il confronted liv the iivd linage ot mni-
! chants, which tin^e vigilant and shaip-Mghted men had
1 wotked out to euaid the uglil-s nf all paitie>, ami bad made
! tho piactical law leguiatmp the business and 1 lit: maiket
■ This u>*a; e I had not made, nor could I unmake it, noi
thiiHt it out of tile matket, noi ahmnh it^ opciatum imr \l<
mle<*. I w<it  forced then to lay bold of it; to wield, fiid.w>
to cpeak, to harness it into tin; s.ei vice ot the GuVt'tmnent
Sir, it was not h.nnessed into the service of the
Government, it was harnessed into the service of
Mr. George D. Morgan; and he drove that team
very profitably.
Now, sir, believing that the Secretary of the
Navy was totally mistaken in regaid to there being
any such practice theiewhich he was confronted
by, believing that it was utterly impossible that
intelligent and upright men could be guilty of the
suicidal folly of adopting such a course for the
regulation of their private business, the chairman
of the Committee on JNfaval Affairs addressed notes
to some of the very first men of the city of New
York, not men of doubtful reputation, but men
whose names are vouchers for everything they
say, and I propose to read briefly to the Senate
some of their answers. I will read first from a
letter received from Robert B. Minturn, in answer
to a letter addressed by the chairman to him. I
shall premise that Mr. Minturn speaks in high
terms of the character of Mr. Morgan, and his
judgment and the manner in which lie conducts
the business that is intrusted to him, and con-
ducted this particular one. Mr. Minturn says:
" In regard to the rate of commission usual here on the
sale or puichase of vessels, I would state that, in the ab-
sence of any agi cement between the bu\er and seller, the
rate of commN&iou recommended by the Chamber of Com-
merce is two and a half per cent. But it is necessary to
add, that between a merchant selling vessels and a broker
puichasing, thine is almost invaiiablya specific airange-
ment, and wheie the amounts aic large, tiie rate of com-
mission to be paid does not usually exceed one and one and
a quarter per cent.3'
That is the testimony of Mr. Minturn. The
committee addressed letters to various gentlemen,
and among the rest to Cyrus W. Field, a gentle-
man of reputation, well known to the country. I
will read his answer:
New York, January 21, 18G*2.
My Dear Sin : Your letter of the 10th instant received.
Inclosed 1 hand jou a printed document showing the rates
ot commissions allowed by the Chamber of Commerce tor
the put chase Vnd sale of vessel*, &e.
These rates are usually chained by persons acting a* com-
mission meiehants, and they take the tis-k ofthe purchase
upon themselves, and in ease their ptmctpals should not
fulfill llu ir engagements*, the lot* would fall upon the cora-
misMon merchant, at- the seller would look to him only, and
would know nothing whatever about any third paity.
Whete no risk is assumed, merely being employed to buy
for another party, the usual charge is a brokemge of from
one fouith to one pei eenUaecojding to the amount of the
transaction and the agreement between the parties at the
time, and it is customaiy when purchases are for very large
amounts that a special asteenient is made respecting the
rate of brokeiage to be cluuged.
I have no doubt iliat Rlr. Morgan u*ed his best judgment
for the Govei mnent in purehaMiui the ve^el-\ but in my
opinion lie wn> only a broker tor the Government in these
ticinsaetions and certainly .-hou Id not charge moie than any
l'n>t-clii-.s slapping biokei would foi doing the tame bUhi-
ne-^.
With much iexpect, veiv tiuly vour friend,
CYRUS W: FIELD.
Hon. John P. JJam:, United States Senate.
I have many other letters, but shall not read
them; but I will state that there is not, in any of
the letters, a single word contrary to what I have
now read—not a syllable. I will remark, as I
said when I read Mr. Minturn's letter, that Mr.
Mmturn and several of ihese gentlemen speak in
very high terms of the character of Mr. Moigan.
That 1 do not wish to bring mto question.
You have, then, this simple fact; that, in that
cmeigency, and at that time when the Govern-
ment were in want of these vessels, the Secretary
of the Navy went to the city of New York, took
his brother-in-law- and made hnn an agent, and
gave him for making purchases to the amount of
between three and four millions of dollars, the
highest late of commission ever charged by a
broker when there is no rate agreed upon for the
smallest sum.
I think this arrangement was objectionable and
unjust in another particular. It was expressly
confined not only to Mr. Morgan to make the
purchase, but to the city of New York to make
the sale. Tt was subsequently extended so as to
embtace the Secretary's own State, Connecticut.
The State of Maine, which builds two fifths of
all the shipping tonnage in the United States, was
excluded; Boston was excluded; Philadelphia
was excluded; Baltimore was excluded—every
city with the solitary exception of New York
was excluded from selling, and everybody else
but Mr. Morgan from buying, though he says
that subsequently this arrangement was extended
so as to embrace the State of Connecticut. Now,
what has been the elTect 
Mr. DIXON. 1 do not want to interrupt the
Senator from New Ilampshne, but wish to ask
him one question: whether he thinks it would
have been wise to have had a number of agents
out buying ships?
Mr. HALE. The answer to that question can
have no practical influence at all upon the sub-
iect. Is"i) matter wh.it I think  
i' Mr. DIXON. J understood the Senator to be
I denouncing the Secretary for selecting one agent
j and one place. .
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, for both of them.
