2662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
power to perfect the bill by a just and proper con-
sideration'of all the amendments. I hope the
House will permit this measure to pursue the or-
dinary coursc, and when we find that we cannot
agree with the Senate, then it will be time enougli
to appoint a committee of conference.
* Mr. STEVENS. This is a matter which does
not seem to me to call for much discussion. I
suppose that every member of the House under-
stands the order of this thing, and the effect of it.
All that we should do by considering these three
hundred amendments separately would be to add
a little more to the taxes by increasing the ex-
penses of the Government. The committee, how-
ever, shrink from no labor in looking through the
amendments to the bill, if it is the opinion of the
House that these throe hundred and fifteen amend-
ments should be gone over twice, once in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union and once
in the House; although we should not be able to
take it up until next week. 1 will say now that
so far from desiring to press this matter upon the
House, although we believe it will save time, and
although few of the amendments are important,
I will call for a division on my motion, and if one
third of the House divide against it, I will with-
draw my motion. I now ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
withdraw his call for the picvious question for
just five minutes?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I must decline.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I call fur the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Ask for a division. That
will save time and perhaps do just as well.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I would rather have the
yeas and nays on a question of tliis importance.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania intimates that if, upon a division, one
third of the House shall vote against his motion,
he will withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I shall object to that.
Mr. WICKUFFE. The previous question
has been ordered upon ihe gentleman's motion,
and 1 demand the yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I withdraw my prop-
osition.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and the gentleman cannot withdraw his
motion.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, I did not mean to with-
draw my motion. I mean to say that I will not
abandon it unless there is a majority against it.
The yeas and nays were ordcicd.
The question was taken: and ii was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 58; as follows:
VKAS—Me^r-. Ashley, Baily, linker. ttiddle. riinshani.
Jricoli «. Blair, HiaUe, William (I. l*iown, Uuiniumj
Campbell, Oavy, Chambeilin, Commit, Cutler, Pavi*,
Diven, Kdgerton, Kly, Fentoi^I-Vhei, l-Yanohot, (Joodwin,
Cr.HUjn. Uurley, NaUzht, Hale, Hall, H.uiehett, ilaidimr,
Hooper, Hortnu, liuiehms, Julian, Kiihuger. Lau-inu,
L.izcni", Lehman, Low, MeKmuht, McPher^on,' Maynatd,
Mcu/jCf, Mitchell. iMooihead, Anson l\ Momll, Ju-thi S.
Monill, iViX'ou, Noell. Norton, Odell, Pike, Pomeroy, Pot-
ter, John I/. Itic , Kiddle, Kduaid If- Uollius, ftatgeni,
SedgH'iek, Se«ai, Sliedield, Sloan, Smith. Spauldin^, Join!
H Steel".Sf,'ven>, Stiatton, Van 1 lorn, Van Valkfnhuigh,
Verree, Vibbaul, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Wa^hbufne,
Wlial"y, Albeit S. White, Wilson, WooduUf, Woicustei,
and Wright—80.
NTAYS—William .f. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Ar
hold, ttahlmr, Oeamaii, FianeN P. Blan, (ieoiiio IS.
IJrowne, Hulhrifon, Calvcit. Clement^. Colfax, Fiederitk
A. Conklnur, Craven*, D.twcs, J)e|,ino, Dudl, Onulap,
Dunn, iidwanis, Eliot, (?ooeh. Gndei, flanison, Uohnan,
Fiancn W. KeHo^. William K«-lfog^, K<-iiiyati, Ivnapp,
Law, Leaty, Looiuis, Mallory, May, Mom-, IVohl", Pen-
dleton, I'euy, Timothy G Phelps,' Colter, AIe\andei If.
Itice, Richaul.vun, Uobiit-on, Nuink-\ rihellab.uger, Sluel.
William G Steele, li-t:j tin in F. Thomas, Fi anci ^ Thomas
Train, Tumble, Tiowbi ula"y W.W-woith. Waul, Chilton
A. While5 Wiekhtfe, Wmdom, and Wood—.>8.
So Mr. Stlm'-ns's motion was agreed to.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter mution was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. S i hVENS, from the committer- of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the hill (II. R. IN o, 2G0) making appi opt i alio us
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfillingtreaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1863, submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
261) making appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses ot the Indian department,and for fullilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1863, having met, after fall and free conference
have agreed to recommend to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate recede from their second and eighth
amendments.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Semite',*, thiid amendment, and agree to the same with the
following amendments: reinstate the matter proposed to
be sti icken out by tiie Senate, except the words," twenty-
five thousand dollars," and add thereto:
And for clothing, faiming tools, cattle, and teams for In-
dians, $50,000.
For compensation of eight supervisor-? for the reserva-
tions in California, to uistiuct the Indians in husbandly, at
$1,800 each, $14,400.
For salaries of clerks to superintendents of Indian affairs
for the northern and southern districts of California, for the
three quarters of the fiscal year ending June 30,1862, at
$1,800 per annum, $2,700.
For salaries of clerks to superintendents of Indian affairs
for the iioithein and southern distiicts of California, at
$1,800 per annum, $3 600.
For negotiating treaties with the Navajoe, Apach6, and
Utah Indians in New Mexico, defining the'bounrianes with-
in which said nibes shall bo locatcdand remain, and extin-
guishing the title oi claim of said Indians to all lands out-
side of the boundaries so agreed upon and fixed, $20,000.
That ihe Senate recede lioin their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to their bixth amendment, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
fir.-t amendment of the Hou>e to the Senate's seventh
amendment, and agree to the same.
That the House recede fioni their second amendment to
the Senate's seventh amendment, and a?iee to the same
with the following amendment^; m section three of-said
amendment of the Senate strike out the woid "fitiy," and
inseit "forty;" and after the wotd "dollars,*5 insert " or
so much thereof as may be nece^saiy."
That the Senate recede fiom .so much of their said seventh
amendment as is included in the second and fourth sections
thereof.
That the IIou*o recede from their tltiul amendment to the
seventh amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the ^une.
The committee further leconimend that the fit-r amend-
ment of the Senate, in which the House eoneurred, be dn—
agreed to by the House, and that the Senate rer-ede there-
horn.
M. S. WILKINSON,
J. W NESMITII,
Mana eis on the pmt of the Senate.
THADDEl'S STEVEN'S,
CYRUS AriDllK'il.
TIMOTHY C. HIELl'S,
Managcis on the part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
NATIONAL HOLIDAYS.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration of joint resolution
No. 84, recommending the observance of the 14th
of June and 17th ofSeptember, annually, as public
holidays.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Whereas the Continental Congress, on the 14th day of
June, 1777, adopted the pre.senf Hag of the United States,
and the convention lor the toimation of a Constitution foi
the Limed States, on the 17ili day of September. 17S7,
adopted oui piesent ('on-titution ; and wheieas th.it Con-
stitution and flair, deat Hunan the organic law and symbol
o! the Union winch oui lathers established and which we
have so loni: loved, ha\e become moie endeaied to us by
the KM.. ,uid sum ifi'-es v, Ineh we are at tins daj called upon
If) undeino, and whi'-h we ehoeit'ullj accept, to pie-civc
our national existence and the union ot States; and wheie-
as we de.siie. in an annual commemoration, to expiess our
atlW'tion ioi oui Constitution and flag, and to teach that
affection to altei geneutions: Thrrefoto,
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States ot America in Cimzress assembled. That we
tecotnmend to the people of the United States to obseive
the Mih da> of June and the 17 ih day of Septeinbei in each
vein as national holiday—the fir^r to be known as Flag
Day, and tin: laitei ;i> Constitution Day.
Mr. LOOMIS. I will occupy the time of the
IJo use only a few moments on thi.s iesolution.
The resolution speaks for itself, and needs 110 ad-
\ocato. It was notofieied by mo for the purpose
metely of uncoiking a patriotic speech, which,
like new wine in an old bottle, cannot keep any
longer. But it was offered in good faith, believing
that its adoption would do good. The recom-
mendation winch it contains is not, in my judg-
ment, unworthy of the sanction of the House, and
1 am sure it will meet a bcaify response from all
loyal heatts tluoujjhoul the length and breadth of
the land. If it be adopted, and adopted by the
people, we shall then have three patriotic days,
to wit: Independence Day, Flag Day, and Con-
stitution Day.
The first commemorates the anniversary of our
national independence. The second—14th June
—commemorates the birth-day of the stars and
stripes, for it was on the 14th of June, 1777, that
the Continental Congress passed this resolution,
which I shall take the liberty to read:
" Resolved, That the flag of the United States be thirteen
stripes, alternately red and white, and that the union he
thiuecn stars, white on a blue field, representing a new
constellation."
The third holiday, occurring on the 17 th of Sep-
tember, commemorates the adoption of the Con-
stitution. These three holidays will be, I think,
none too many. Hitherto, indeed, I think we have
had too few, and that we have been, as a people,
too exclusively engrossed in the cares and din and
bustle of business.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me a single suggestion?
Mr. LOOMIS. Certainly.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The sug-
gestion is, that the celebration of the 17th Septem-
ber be funeral services.
Mr. LOOMIS. I trust not; except -that it be
for the funeral of our enemies.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Thefune-
ral of the Constitution.
Mr. LOOMIS. The days named are eminently
worthy of commemoration. The glorious mem-
ones of the past, and the toils, sacrifices, and
struggles of the present, unite in rendering these
days doubly dear, through all future time, to the
American people. Our banner has now been con-
secrated with a new baptism of blood, and the love
of half a million new heroes has been crystalized
on its radiant folds. It is true that our firmament
of stars has suffered a dark eclipse, but we trust
it is only temporary—
" One evil star
Luridly glaring through the smoke of war,
As in the dream of the Apocalypse,
Dragged others down,"
until eleven States had repudiated our glorious old
flag. But now the old symbol of our national au-
thority has been restored to some part of every
one of these States except the single State of Texas,
" the Lone Star." I trust thM it will be soon re-
stored to that State, and that it shall wave every-
where within our national boundaries as a guar-
antee of union and of constitutional liberty and
law, and that wc, as a people, may everywhere
rejoice in
One flag, one land, one heart, one hand,
One nation evetmoic."
I hope the House will adopt the proposed recom-
mendation; and if no gentleman desires to speak
upon the subject, I will call the previous question.
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Connecticut that, as this resolution may in-
volve a constitutional question, it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I objcct to that.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I suggest
that it be referred to the special committee on the
bankrupt jaw.
Mr. jYIALLORY. I think it ought to go to the
special committee on emancipation.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table. I am opposed to any
more holidays.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 67, noes 33.
So the bill was laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SIONATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, an act (H. R. No. 175) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the names of certain vessels; and joint resolution
(H. R. No. 77) to change the name of the bark
Glucbecto General Burnsidc.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICEltS.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness, being the bill (S. No. 175) to define the pay
and emoluments of certain officers of the Army,
and for other purposes, the pending question be-
ing the seventeenth amendment reported by the
Committee on Military Affair*, as follows:
Inseit as an additional section, as follows :
t5fcc\ 23. And be it further enactcd. That vacancies here-
after oceui rius among the officer^ of the vol unteer regiments
commissioned by the Governors of the States shall be sup-
plied b\ the Pie&ident, oil the recommendation of a major-
ity of the commissioned officers of the regiment.
