700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
' Now let me say a word about what has been
the effect of this. You are calling upon the peo-
ple at this very time to take your bonds; to loan
money to carry on the war, as was well said by
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] One gen-
tleman in New York had taken $100,000 of your
bonds. He had gone to the extent of his means
to relieve the Government, and he thought he was
doing something that was patriotic, something
that was beneficial to the country, something that
ought to be remembered to his credit, something
to enable him to bear the burdens which rebel-
lion and civil war had thrown upon the country;
"but," said he, 44 when I saw that my whole
$100,000 went into the pocket of Mr. Morgan, my
neighbor, I felt a little discouraged." The diffi-
culty is, every man looks upon it as a personal
matter of his own, especially when he has sub-
scribed, as some men have, ten, twenty, and thirty
thousand dollars. I tell you the patriotism of the
country is discouraged when they see such a use
as this made of the public money. 1 ask you,
what assurance have you that this whole system,
if you fail to rebuke it, will not be carricd out? I
understand that it has been carried out in the pur-
chase of vessels for the Burnside expedition. I
have received letters informing me that not only
two and a half per cent., but a vastly larger per-
centage than that has been allowed. Why? They
saw that this thing had been done; they saw that
the head of one of your Departments had paid this
immense sum to one of his friends, and it natur-
ally gave currcncy, gave authority, to the system;
and it went on—and it would be strange if it did
not—and others seeing what had been done in
this high place, thought they were licensed and
authorized to do the same in a like transaction in
purchasing for other Departments.
If wc fail to condemn this measure, if we fail
to express our dissatisfaction at this transaction,
it becomes ours. It is now the simple act of the
Secietaiy of the Navy and of Mr. Morgan; it
stands without any sanction fiom theGovei nment,
from the Senate, or from the House of Represent-
atives; but the fact that such a payment has been
made is nofmious. The information that that ha««
been the use made of the public money at a time
when the country was bleeding and suffering, as
it was, has gone out; it has passed through the
length and breadth of this land, and the people
are asking themselves if it be worth while to as-
sume burdens and to endeavor to relieve the Gov-
ernment if such use as this is to be made of the
public tmisuic.
1 do not know but I may over-estimate,entirely
ova-estimate, the character of this transaction;
but I tell you, sir, I believe, and I declare it upon
my responsibility as a Senator of the United States,
that the liberties of this country aie in greater dan-
ger to-day from th^ corruptions and from the prof-
ligacy practiced m the various Departments of this
Government than it is from the open enemy in the
field. I tell you, if we are to have a victory we
must begin here; if we are to make a stand fur
the defense of our liberties, we must begin here.
If there is to be reform anywhere, it must be in-
augurated in this Congress and on this floor; and
this Senate must set their faces like a flint against
every misappropriation of the public funds; against
every act of favoritism; against every instance of
profligacy; against eveiy waste of the public
money.
J know it is very difficult for gentlemen to bring
themselves up to the standard of passing condem-
nation upon those with whom they have been po-
litically and socially connected, (t was haul and
painful, I doubt nol, for many a man the other day
when he was called upon to icoord his vote to re-
cord it against the late Senator from Indiana. 1
know lor myself, it was with infinite pain that I
cast that vote, and I would have been glad to be
relieved from it. 1 know that it is pleasant to bask
m the sunshine of power. I know that it is pleas-
ant to have influence with those who administer
the Government and dispense its patronage, and
appoint those who are to cairy on the Adminis-
tration. I appreciate these things as much as any-
body. I appreciate as highly as anybody tho
amenities and the courtesies of social hfe. But, I
sir, wh'-n the inleiest of the country is at stake, |
and when tin- interests of this people demand that j
these things should be exposed, and the seal of;
condemnation fixed upon them, I will not hesi- j
tate, kt the coriscquonecs be what they may. I
Sir, if I know myself—I do not know that I
do—1 would be willing to make a sacrifice as
great as anybody for the country, for its interests,
and for its salvation. I am willing to be taxed,
and taxed equally and beyond anything that has
been suggested; but it mustbeforthe suppression
of this rebellion, and not for the pampering of
political favoiites. I am willing that my people
should be taxed to the very last point of human
endurance; but I demand of you, in the name of
a patriotic, a suffering, and a taxed people, that
you honestly and faithfully apply their hard earn-
ings, which you wring out of them, to the vindi-
cation of the national honor, the preservation of
the national life, the prosecution of this war, and
the crushing out of this rebellion. I believe that
the times are full of peril, and that they demand of
us a faithful, enegetic, and fearless discharge of
our duties upon this floor. If I know myself, if
this blow were to fall upon the dearest friend I
have on eaith, in the name of the country, in the
name of patriotism, i.i the name of every high mo-
tive that could be addressed to honorable minds,
I would call upon these Senators, and ask them
if you have a friend, do you love that friend bet-
ter than your country? I tell you the country
calls on us to-day; she calls on us in her agony,
in her penury, in her destitution,and in her bank-
ruptcy, to vindicate the integrity of this Govern-
ment.
You arc about to call upon this people for large
taxes; you arc about to call on them for a large
loan, and a large tax to pay the interest on that
loan, to maintain the public faith, and to enable
your armies to prosecute successfully this war. I
ask you, Senatois, with what face can you go
home to your constituents when they sec this
thing, which they all know and understand; when
they see that $70,000 have been paid for the ser-
vices of one man for less than six months at a time
of such distress as this, and appeal to your own
people, and ask them to come forward and put
their hands in their pockets and their shoulders to
the wheel andfonvaid this car? Sir, I do not know
what other men may do; I cannot; I dare not. I
.should expect the finger of scorn from the hut of
poverty to point me out as reckless and faithless
for being here a member of the Senate in this hour
of our country's peril, if I had failed to rebuke
profligacy in the expenditure of the public money
let it be when and where it may.
Well, now, sir* this matter, beyond all this, is
entirely without law. The Secretary has given
his brother-in-law$70,000; he mightas well have
given him $7,000,000. Suppose that when a bill
making an appropriation for the purchase of ves-
sels was before the Senate, some member had
modestly risen in his place and proposed, as an
additional section," that the Secretary of the Navy
be authorized to employ an agent to make these
purchases for the public, and that he be allowed
a compensation of $12,000 a month for his ser-
vices," how would it have struck the Senate?
How would it have struck every one? Why,
sir, there never was a man in an insane hospital
crazy enough to make such a suggestion as that.
Nay, sir, if it had been proposed to pay him one
seventh part of it, it would have been hooted down.
The Secretary of the Navy himself, for a whole
year's services, receives $8,000; he employs an
agent and pays him $12,000a month!
It seems to me that the Secretary of the Navy
admits clearly that this was illegal, for he says:
" Tf lequtrcd to report tiio amount of compensation paid
to him by mc f'rniu tin: Tuasiu v, 1 imitt an^wfji, not a dol-
Ia />
He has not paid him a dollar out of the Treas-
ury; but in this letter he admits that if he had
appointed an agent at a fixed salary, or a rate of
commission, however moderate, to be paid by the
Government, it would have been a violation of
law. I do not see that paragraph before me now,
but the Senate will find it m the letter. He dis-
tinctly states that if he had appointed an agent
with a fixed salai y or a percentage, however mod-
erate , to be paid by the Government, it would have
been m violation of law: hut as the Government
did not pay the money, it was not in violation of
law! That is the Secretary's reasoning.
Mr. President, who did pay this money ? Ft was
taken out of the Treasury, and thirty-mne forti-
eths of the money expended for purchasing ves-
sels was paid to tfie owners of the vessels, and the
other one fortieth to Mr. Morgan. That is the
plain English of it. If they went through the farce
of passing it over into the seller's hands, and then
letting the seller pay it back to Mr. Morgan, it
adds the meanness of hypocrisy to the baseness of
profligacy. If they went through such a scheme
as that, if they sat down to#play that game over
the public Treasury, I say it only adds hypocrisy
to profligacy.
I am not going to occupy the attention of the
Senate long; I did not mean to do so in the first
place; but I am going to say this: the measure
that I propose to mete out to these gentlemen I
will mete out to everybody. Bring me a case like
this, and if it affected my own child I would visit
all the censure which I invoke from the Senate
now. I ask you, Senators, not to take this load
from the shoulders of the men who have assumed
this burden and putit upon yourselves; I ask you
to stand here faithful and true; and while you re-
member that there is a party, remember also that
there is a country having higher claims than party.
But, Mr. President, there is one thing at which
I rejoice. I rejoice that the people undeistand this
matter. They have seen it; they have read it.
You cannot involve it in any algebraic equation or
mathematical formula, by which it can be so mixed
trp with plus and minus that the simple-hearted
people who pay this money will fail to understand
11, to see through it, and to know justcxactly where
the money came from and where it went to and
what was the process. I regret to see what has
been stated in several of the papers, not that they
believed this was an honest transaction, not that
it was a fair one, not that it was one that deserved
to receive the approbation and the%anction ofthe
Government; but the excuse is, that itis not half
so bad as what has been done in other cases; and
I have no doubt that that is true. I have no doubt
that if some of the investigating committeesgo on
they will find that there have been transactions,
compared with which $70,000 was a small sum,
and that it will be considered ungracious to call up
one of these petty offenders, that has only taken
$70,000, and deal with him, when there are others
going off staggering under the load of hundreds
of thousands.
Again, sir, you have a bill pending before Con-
gress, by which you propose to cut down the com-
pensation ofthe little pages here, I do not know
exactly how much. How many pages will you
have to reduce ? Take off from them part of the
little pittance that you pay them; make them sub-
scribe twenty-live cents a day; and what will it
all amount to when it is swallowed up in such con-
tracts and in such expenditures as this ? We arc
called upon to reduce our own compensation. 1
am willing to do it. If you say ten or twenty per
cent., you shall have my vote. There can be no
measure of retrenchment that I will not vote for,
let it bear as heavily as it may on me. I would
rather that you should increase the burdens until
you reduce me and mine to poverty, and 1 would
end rnydays in an almshouse before I would stand
or sit here giving my sanction, even the sanction
of silence, to such a transaction as this.
I do not know whether it is necessary, but I
desire here upon whatever of reputation belongs
to me, (not, as Mr. Morgan says, as a merchant
or a man of business, but upon all the reputation
that may attach to me m any sphere or condition
oflife,) solemnly to declare—and I call the Searcher
of Ileaits to attest to the truth of what I say—that
I have no sinister, 110 selfish purpose in bringing
this matter before the consideration ofthe Senate.
I have no fiicnds to reward; I have no enfmiesto
punish, I have no interest to promote except the
interests of my country. And, sir, he must have
a heart callous to all the appeals of patriotism, to
every noble sentiment that ever warmed the bosom
of a patriot, who can turn a deaf car to the cries
that come up to-day from this bleeding country.
It is for that reason and for that alone that 1 Bland
here. I stand here, Senators, and I invoke—ex-
cuse me for the appeal; I do not underrate the
patriotism of any man who stands heic; I do not
underrate his honesty, I do not underrate his con-
demnation of everything worthy of condemnation
but I say here to-day, 1 invoke you Senatois in
the name of our common connlty to forgetevery-
thing else but the interests of the country, and by
the vote that you shall gi\e upon this resolution,
to say to the country and to the world that such
transactions as this cannot command your ap-
proval. I tell you, sir, if you fail to condemn this,
