202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
31™ Cons....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Hebel Property—Mr. Hutchins.
Ho. of Reps.
General Stump being forced to retire in a manner bv no
means desirabie, under the circumstances. Major Jeffrey,
who was but a common soidier, seeing the condition of Ins
comrades, and comprehending the disastrous results about
to befall them, rushed forward, mounted ahorse, took com-
mand of the troops, and, by an heroic effort, rallied them
to the charge—completely routing the enemy, who left the
Americans masters of the field, lie at once received from
Hie general the title of major, though he could not, accord-
ing to the American policy, so commission him. To the
day of his death, he was known by that title in Nashville,
where he resided, and the circumstances which entitled
him to it were constantly the subject of popuiar conversa-
tion. Major Jeffrey was highly respected by the whites gen-
erally, and revered, in his own neighborhood, by all the
colored people who knew him.
<< a t'evv years ago, receiving an indignity from a common
ruffian, he was forced to strike him in self-defense; for
which act, in accordance with the laws of slavery in that,
as well as m many other of the slave States, he was com-
pelled to receive, on hts naked person,nine and thirty lashes
with a raw hide! This, at the age of seventy-odd, afterthe
distinguished service reudered his country—probably when
the white ruffian for whom he was tortured was unable to
raiso an nrm in its defense—was more than he could beai;
it broke his heart, and he sank to rise no more, till summoned
by the blast of the last trumpet to stand on the battic-licid
of the general resurrection."
This affectingincident illustrates the noble char-
acter of this colored man, and the terrible barba-
rism of the institution which enslaves his race. .
Commodore Chauncey, during the war of 1812,
in a letter to Captain Perry, dated on board the
Pike, off Burlington Bay, July 13, testifies to the
value of colored seamen. Here is an extract from
his letter:
" Sir : I have been duly honored with your letters of the
33d and 23th ultimo, and notice jour anxiety for men and
officers. I am equally anxious to furnish you, and no time
shall he lost in sending officers and men to you as soon as
the public service will "allow me to send them from this Jake.
I regret that you arc not pleased with the men sent you by
Messrs. Chnmplin and Forrest; for, to my knowledge, a
part of thein are not surpassed by any seamen we have in
the fleets j and I have yet to learn that the color of the skin,
or the cut and trimmings of the coat, can affect a man's
qualifications or usefulness. I have nearly fifty blacks on
board this ship, and many of tlicm are among my best men ;
and those people you call soldiers have been to sea from
two to seventeen years, and I presume that, you will find
them as good and useful as any men on board of your ves-
sel, at icast, if f can judge by comparison, for those which
we have on board this ship are attentive and obedient, and,
as far as 1 can judge, many of them excellent seamen ; at
any rate^the men sent to -Lake Erie have been selected
with a view of-sending a fair proportion of petty officers
and seamen, and I presume, upon examination, it will be
found they are equal to those upon this lake."
I know it is the business of quite a number of
the members of this House to slander and belittle
the colored population; to say that they are idle
and vicious, and will not work, and are useless
for any purpose but slavery. Now, there is a
colored man in this city, whose father was a slave,
who is worth a large sum of money, and able,
pecuniarily, to buy up (he whole horde of those
slanderers of his race. Although the colored peo-
ple of this District have been oppressed and de-
graded, they have, in the face of all disadvantages
and obstacles, accumulated a large amount of
property, valued at six or seven hundred thousand
dollars. They have crected churches, and are
educating their children. Heretofore, although
they have been compelled to pay excessive taxes,
no part of the amount which they contributed has
gone to the education of their own children*, but
the law has been changed in that regard, and they
will have an opportunity of showing that they
can educate their children, and are entitled to the
same rights which we enjoy. The great issue
now is, whether the institution of slavety shall be
allowed to break up this Government. I have
here the statement of the vice president of the
so-called confederate States, in which he says:
" The new constitution [confederate] has put at rest for-
ever all the agitating questions relating to our peculiar in-
stitutions—Aincan slavery, as itexists among us,thepiopcr
status of the negro in our foim of civilisation."
He then goes on to assert that it was under-
stood by the framers of the Constitution that sla-
very was only to be temporary^ this, country.
That it was soon to pass away; that it would be
evanescent; and that understanding was based on
the idea that slavery was morally and politically
wrong. That was the sentiment of the founders*
of the Constitution, and this rebellion is because
this Government, in its action, gives promise tiiat
the policy of the fathers shall be returned to. Ail
slaveholders and those who sympathize with the
institution of slavery, more or less sympathize
with this rebellion. I say that this is the cause
of-the whole difficulty now, and I think that this
nation is false to its own interests, false to human-
ity, false to the claims of justice, if it does not de-
stroy the institution on the occasion now presented.
I do not propose to interfere with slavery in any
State that has not seceded and made war upon the
Government.
I believe we have the constitutional right to put
an end to slavery in the States in rebellion, and in
fact the President intimates pretty strongly in his
recent proclamation modifying or repealing Gen-
eral Hunter's, that the time may soon arrive, in
the progress of this war, when, in the exercise of
the power which he unquestionably possesses as
Commander-in-Chief, he will declare the slaves
of all rebels free. And he kindly intimates to the
border State men that they might as well do the
work of emancipation themselves, by accepting
the liberal terms which Congress, on his recom-
mendation, has proposed. The whole opposition
to the liberation of the slaves of rebels, in my
judgment, is the fear that it will destroy slavery
'in the rebel States, and, in the end, in the now
loyal slave States.
I am satisfied that a large majority of the loyal
citizens, who are now in earnest in putting down
this rebellion, as well as the officers and soldiers
in the field, are for the confiscation of the property
of rebels, and the liberation of their slaves.
1 have before me a letter from the major of an
Illinois regiment, who was in the battle at Fort
Donelson, and also at the battle of Pittsburg Land-
ing. In speaking on the subject of confiscation,
he says:
" i must say that we have heard with feelings of disap-
pointment of the opposition exhibited m Oongiess to the
confiscation principle. The majority of those who are
obliged to suffer, toil, and die upon the battle-field in de-
fense of our country, cannot appreciate the sentiment that
constitutional policy requiies that traitors and rebels should
be protected in the possession of their property."
I commend that to the consideration of my friend
from Massachusetts. I suppose he has not read
as much law upon the subject as the gentleman
has. He goes on to say:
"It is hard to fight men who would destroy our Govern-
ment, who aic daily killing our comrades, and then be
obliged to protect their property."
This is from a major of an Illinois regiment,
written to the gentleman from the Galena district,
[Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. John Smith?
Mr. HUTCHINS. No, sir. Major Melane-
thoti Smith—one of that numerous family who
has some common sense, if he has not any law.
[Laughter.] That is the sentiment of the soldier
in the field. The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] said the other day he believed if this
Congress should pass these confiscation bills a
large majority of those in the Held would lay down
their arms. My information is entiiely different.
I do not believe it. My information is that men
who have gone into this war strong pro-slavery
men, who have seen the barbarism with which
Union men are treated,their buildings burned and
their property destroyed, now realize the neces-
sity of taking hold of this war in earnest, and con-
fiscating the property of rebels, and making it pay
in part the expenses of the war; and they are
wondering why it is that we can stand here hig-
glingand quibblingaboutconstitutional questions.
Thegcntleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thom-
as] objects to this bill confiscating all the property
of leading rebels as too sweeping, stripping them
of all their properly, and pronounces it unmerci-
ful, and said that " the majority of the committee
allowed no mercy to enter the committee room."
As one member of the committee, I object to this
charge. The mercy of the committee does not
run in the same direction as the mercy of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. The committee have
mercy to loyal men, and framed this bill as an
act of justice to them. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Thomas] occupies his time and
uses his learning in framing excuses to shield
rebels from the punishment which their crimes
merit.
Now, sir, if these laws are passed, as I trust
they will be, the President will then have a rule
of action laid down for him to follow. The Pres-
ident and the Army will understand what the peo-
ple of this country demand in the suppression of
the rebellion. I think we should use every meas-
ure that will tend to cripple the power of the rebel*
consistent with the laws of war. I do not claim
anything else. I will not detain the House longer
at this time.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I was not
present to hear the gentleman's opening remarks;
but I understand he saw some inconsistency be-
tween the position now taken by me and former
votes which I have given in this House.
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 did, and I will tell the
gentleman wherein I think his inconsistency lies.
I understood him to-day to take the position that
we cannot punish a rebel nor deprive "him of his
property without what the gentleman calls due
process of law; that is, without a jury trial -
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Except in
cases where the property is found in violation of
our laws, as in case of a violation of the revenue
laws, and as in the cases covered by the statute of
August last, which involves precisely the same
principle. Property which violates the blockade
is taken, not because of any guilt or offense on
the part of the owner, but because it is found in
violation of the law of blockade, and, like prop-
erty found in violation of the revenue laws, is a
subject of forfeiture. And so in relation to slaves
who are used for the actual purposes of rebellion.
I therefore voted for the law of August, 1861, and
indeed drew the second section of that law my-
self. I cannot discover the slightest inconsistency
between that action and the position I have taken
to-day.
Mr. ELIOT. In your judgment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts.' Whose
judgment would my colleague have me take?
Mr. ELIOT. Your own.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then why
make such a remark ?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I referred to the "Actfur-
ther to -provide for the collection of duties on imports,
and for other purposes/'
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman will read it.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I have the law before me.
I did explain the fifth and sixth sections of it. The
fifth section in substance provides that whenever
the President, in pursuance of the act of the 28th
of February, 1795, shall have called forth the mili-
tia to suppress combinations against the laws of the
United Slates, &c., and the insurgents shall have
failed to disperse by the time directed by the Pres-
ident, &c., then, and in such case, it may be and
shall be lawful for the President, by proclamation,
to declare that the inhabitants of such State or
any section or part thereof where such insurrec-
tion exists, arc in a state of insurrection against
the United States; and thereupon all commercial
intercourse between the same and the citizens
thereof, and the citizens of the rest of the United
States, shall cease and be unlawful so long as such
condition of hostility shall continue; and all goods
and chattels, wares and merchandise, coming from
said State or section into other parts of the United
States, and all proceeding to such State or section,
by land or water, together with the vessel or vehicle
conveying the same, or conveying persons to or from
such State or section, shall be forfeited to the United
Slates.
The sixth section forfeits to the United States
any ship or vessel belonging in whole or in part
to any citizen or inhabitant of said State or part
of a State whose inhabitants are so declared in a
state of insurrection, found at sea or in any port
of the rest of the United States fifteen days after
issuingsaid proclamation. The point I make upon
the gentleman from Massachusetts is this: that
this law and the other one referred to, liberating
slaves, for which he voted at the extra session,
forfeits to the United States certain property and
liberates certain slaves, without that 44 due pro-
cess of law," trial by jury, and conviction. I un-
derstand the gentleman to claim that these confis-
cation bills are unconstitutional, because they do
not provide for trial by jury and conviction by a
court. Now, why is it that citizens of these in-
surrectionary States, under the laws to which I
have referred, can constitutionally have their
property taken from them if the gentleman's views
of to-day are correct?
Mr. 1HOMAS, of Massachusetts. I can tell
the gentleman why. It is bya most familiar prin-
ciple of law; by the same principle under which,
while you may not seize the property of private
