1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
this system will go on. The Secretary challenges
your approbation. He says, that it is a matter of
praise rather than censure; that it was a faithful
fulfillment of a public duty; and the agent that he
employs is of the same opinion. God only knows
how much $70,000 might alter the opinions of some
of us. I do not know nut that the weaknessand the
frailty of human nature in the breasts of tiie most
of us is such that we might think that was a sys-
tem which in our case might be well carried out
and be highly conducive to the public interest; but
X do not believe it. I believe that this whole sys-
tem-of public robbery and profligacy in expendi-
ture must be rebuked, and rebuked here. I be-
lieve that a different state of things must be resorted
to, or we shall have no country to save. There
is an old saying—I am not certain that it does not
come from inspired wisdom—that " it is as well
to die by the sword as by famine." And, sir, if
this system is to go on, the army that we have in
our midst will be more formidable and more to be
dreaded than any that is on the other side of the
Potomac.
Sir, to-day—not as partisans, but as patriots, as
honest men—let us, in the mildest form in which
language can express disapprobation, say that we
do not approve of this transaction. I have not
asked of you, as did the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] when he was a member of
the other House, to impeach the motives or the
character of a Cabinet officer, or to say anything
of him; but the resolution recommended by the
committee is simply " that the employment of an
agent to make purchases for the Government, with
a compensation dependent upon the extent and
costliness of his purchases, is unwise and inex-
pedient, and ought not to be tolerated in any
branch of the public service." Can any man say
no to that proposition? If he can, then let me ask
this other question: is not here an occasion for the
expression of opinion? Is not here a case, a time,
and a necessity, when the Senate should speak
out, and fix upon all such transactions as this the
seal of its condemnation?
I might go on; but I said that I would not oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate long. I repeat,
at the danger of being tedious, that I consider this
a matter of the greatest importance. It will do
you more good, it will encourage your people,
inspire their patriotism, and fill your Treasury
quicker, to set your face against transactions of
this sort, than a victory in the field of battle. It
is time, sir, that this thing was seen and looked
into. It is time that the Senate acted. I have
done my duty in bringing the matter before the
Senate. I have no more interest in it than you
have, Senators; but I ask you to rebuke all such
transactions. If the Senate fail, if the Govern-
ment fail, if Congress fail; then, sir, reverently
would I appeal to a higher power, and I would
say: "O Christ! who with a whip of small
cords drove the money-changers from the temple
of Jerusalem, is there no scourge for the lacera-
tion of those who would turn this temple of our
liberty into another den of thieves?" [Applause
in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.doouttli;
in the chair.) Order!
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I desire to say
in the outset of the remarks which I ,am now
about to submit to the Senate, that I do not stand
here in the position of an apologist for fraud of
any description, either public or private. If there
be any Senators who have a deep, an utter detes-
tation o<* every species of fraud, I claim to be
among that number. If I believed that the Sec-
retary of the JNavy had been guilty of any inten-
tional wronjT) although it is true, as the Senator
from New Hampshire has intimated, that he is
my immediate constituent, I would not stand here
a single moment in his defense; but believing as
I do, m common with the great mass of my con-
stituents, who have known him long, and who
have known him well, that he is an honest as
well as a capable and efficient public officer, I con-
sider it my duty to say a few words in reply to
the Senator from New Hampshire.
I desire further to say, by way of introduction,
that 1 stand here as independent of the Adminis-
tration as (he Senator himself. He has said that
he has no favois to ask of those m power. So
it is with me, sir. They have no gift which can 1
be tempting or alluring to me. I have never
asked a favor of the Administration, and I never
shall. I have never had occasion to ask a favor
for myself or for any of my friends from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, although he is my personal
friend. I am as independent in my position as is
the Senator from New Hampshire. I may say
further upon that point, that I have not consulted
with the Secretary of the Navy upon this sub-
ject. What course of action I shall take here he
does not know from me; and what I am about to
say in his defense is neither suggested by him
nor by any of his friends. I have only seen the
Secretary in the way of social intercourse, since
this attack has been made upon him. I say this
in justice to myself, as well as to him.
Mr. President, one or two preliminary obser-
vations seem to be lequired before going into the
merits of this subject.
First, it is to be observed that everything i$
the conduct of the Secretary of the Navy, in re-
lation to the purchase of vessels, has been by him
voluntarily and freely disclosed to the public. It
has been sometimes intimated, in debate, and in
discussions of this subject elsewhere than in Con-
gress, and I think it has been partially intimated
by the Senator from New Hampshire to-day, that
something has been divulged by the investigating
committee of the House of Representatives re-
flecting upon the conductof the Secretary, which
was before unknown. The committee seem to
rather plume themselves on having made some
great discovery which, but for their acuteness
of vision and keenness of scent, would not have
been unearthed and brought to light; whereas, in
his annual report, made at the commencement of
the present session, all the facts, precisely as they
are now admitted to exist, were fully and frankly
stated by the Secretary of the Navy without the
slightest leservc or concealment. Secure in the
consciousness of integrity, and con vinced,as every
one must be who has examined the subject with
care and with candor, that the course adopted by
him under the extraordinary circumstances in
which he was placed has resulted not only in sav-
ing to the Governments large sum of money, but
also in securing for the uses of our Navy a fleet
of vessels every one of which is seaworthy and
worth to-day in market more than the price paid;
the Secretary, with characteristic frankness and
transparency, has published to the world the course
he has pursued, and the motives which dictated
it. He stands here, therefore, in the position of
an honest and patriotic public officer, who, hav-
ing done his duty, has a right to expect the public
approbation, and whose whole course of conduct
has been avowed by himself and not exposed by
others.
In the second place, it is to be observed that the
purchase of vessels by the Secretary of the Navy,
to an immense amount, and m a voi y short peiiod
of time, was not a proceeding in the ordinary
course of business, but was unexpected, extraor-
dinary, and exceptional. It suddenly became
necessary to create, to improvise, to extemporize,
a navy. It could not be done by the construction
of vessels, however rapid thatmight be. The bat-
tle of Lake Erie was fought and won by Perry in
a fleet, eveiy Umber and plank and mast of which
was part of a verdant and living tree on the shores
of the lake sixty days before the battle. But the
Secietary had not even sixty days within which
to create the navy then demanded by the extraor-
dinary exigencies of the country. It must be
instantly brought into existence, and it could he
done by no other mode than by purchase. How
should this purchase be accomplished? Here,
indeed, was a question of great difficulty. The
Secretary in his answer to the resolution of the
Senate, which has been for some days on our table,
and to which the report of the Naval Committee
now under consideration is a leply, has laid before
the Senate the icasons which controlled his action.
That document has beer, read probably by every
Senator. It has been extensively published by
the newspaper press, and has attracted everywhere
the public attention and has genei ally given pub-
lic satisfaction. I may say of that document that
it bears on its face every mark of honesty of pur-
pose, and that it is distinguished by a transpar-
ency of statement not less remarkable than the
uncommon force and vigor of its style.
Now, sir, when the Secretary was thus called
upon to create a navy, by purchase, in the briefest
possible time, what was the condition of the coun-
try ? I need not dwell for a moment upon it.
; When I look back upon those dark days and re-
i member how difficult it then was to command the
j calmness and the self-control necessary for proper
| deliberation and consideration, I cannot butwon-
i derthat the Secietary of the Navy wa§ able to
bring to his important and overwhelming public
duties a mind cool, collected, seltposscsscd, and
amidst the dangers and perplexities of the hour
could not only act wisely and judiciously, but
could act promptly, unhesitatingly, energetically.
Sir, that action—I do not now speak of the mode
of action—-was precisely what the dire and terri-
ble necessities of the country demanded. It re-
sulted, as is conceded, in saving to the country
a great sum of money. It was dictated, not only
by honest intentions, but by wise, prudent, and
•judicious forecast. Now, sir, that the pressing
emergency of the occasion has, in a measure,
passed away, and we look back upon the official
transactions of that hour, in what spirit shall wc
investigate themfr Shall wc assume the position
in which committees of investigation are almost
always tempted to place themselves—that of pros-
ecuting officers, anxious to find an abuse, search-
ing for a grievance, thirsting for the official blood
of some honest public servant, or shall we view
calmly and dispassionately all the circumstances
of the case under consideration, and come to our
conclusions in view of those circumstances and of
the great general principles of justice and right?
Especially shall we not be greatly influenced in our
action by the admitted, acknowledged, avowed
confidence—everywhere admitted, everywhere
acknowledged, every where avowed—in the purity
and integrityof thehighGovernmentofficerwhose
conduct is now undergoing the scrutiny of the
Senate.
The Senator from New Hampshire has inti-
mated that this ought to have no weight; at least
he says that it is never brought forward except
as a last resort, when the accused party has no
confidence in his counsel. I am sure that the Sen-
ator could not have meant that, because he told us
that he had himself often been compelled to bring
it forward in criminal prosecutions in which he
was engaged for the accused. To suppose that
his client had no confidence in him is altogether
beyond the reach of probability.
But, sir, I do not intend to dwell on the charac-
ter of the Secretary of the Navy. I say that he
is admitted everywhere to be a man of the purest
integrity; and this is the only possible instance
in which the least faultis found with anything he
has done in the prosecution of the business of his
Department; this is the only single instance in
which even a mistake in judgment is alleged. It
seems to me that a consideration of this kind ought
to have some weight on the minds of the thinking
people of this country, and also on the feelings
and views of the Senate.
Having submitted these general observations,
I now propose to consider this subject somewhat
in detail. And, in the first place, I have a few
words to say upon the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, as presented by their chairman, the
Senator from New Hampshire. That it is an able
and ingenious report need not be said. E\cry-
thing which comes from whence this report ori-
ginates is marked with ability of a high older;
and this is m his highest style of art. I confess
that, on reading it, to me it seemed rather accu-
satory than judicial in its character. Some parts
of it would almost lead me to suppose that the
honorable chairman wished to maintain a fore-
gone conclusion, to make out a case, if I did not
know that he is incapable of any such injustice.
If he dwells upon some points which, on exam-
ination, do not sustain the position lie has taken;
if every possible circumstance of suspicion which
may seem to thiow a shadow over the Secretary
is brought forward with the skill of an able and
experienced advocate, we should attribute this, I
tlunk, not to a willingness to do injustice, but to
that inclination against the accused* which always
exists, more or less, in the mind of the accuser.
For example, the report of the honorable Senator
dwells at length on the great difference between
the price demanded and the price paid for the ves-
sels purchased by Mr. Morgan. In the instance
of the steamer Alabama, he says the price paid
was $53,000, while the price first demanded was
$120,000; and from this he draws the conclusion
that the " ostentatious" exhibition of prices paid
and dcmandedin opposite columns was fraudulent
