1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1728
House, but which was thrown out by a single ob-
jection. It was supposed that an appropriation
of $1,000 which *had been already made would
covcr the object now in view, but it really does
not. Now it does not seem to me to be any an-
swer to the proposition, that the ..city of Wash-
ington ought to bear the expense of this sprink-
ling of the avenue. I do not know why, if the
citizens of the city of Washington, either from
long habitorfrom their innate disposition to neg-
lect their own interests, choose to wear out their
lives in a condition of discomfort and suffering,
the members of Congress should suffer at the same
time and in like degree. I, for one, am not con-
tent to do so, and I do trust that we shall have
sufficient regard for our own convenience and our
own health, and for the health of those who ate
here daring the session of Congress, at least to
provide for this crying necessity.
The sprinkling and cleaning of the avenue from
the Capitol to the President's House can be done,
as I am informed, at the rate of $500 per month
during the session of Congress; and there are
parties who, under the supervision of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, will be con-
tent to make a contract upon those terms.
Now, I hope that there will bo no appropria-
tion bill passed for purposes such as this bill con-
templates, unless it contains an appropriation for
the purpose which I have suggested. I therefore
offer the following amendment:
For sprinkling and cleaning Pennsylvania avenue be-
tween the Capitol and the President's House §500 per month
during the present session of Congress.
Mr. COX. I cannot understand why it is that
the Executive Department, who have charge of
these matters connected with the city of Wash-
ington, do not apply the money which has been
appropriated for the purpose of watering the av-
enue as well as cleaning and repairing it. I had
the honor to offer the amendment to the regular
appropriation bill, which provided §10,000 for the
purpose of cleaning, repairing, and watering the
avenue. We did not intend by that appropnation
that the money should be expended simply for
repairing and cleaning, but for watering also. I
do not know that the amount of that appropria-
tion was sufficient. I am willing to vote any
amount that may be necessary for this purpose.
The only advantage that I see in the avenue be-
tween here and the President's House as it i#now
kept is, that it constantly reminds us of the scrip-
tuial injunction that dust we are and that to dust
we must return. I hope some arrangement may
be made by which this nuisance may be abated,
and Washington city be made, about this season
at least, a habitable place. I have understood
that the Secretary of the Interior has already
made a contract with certain parties to water the
avenue between here and the President's House,
and 1 suppose that contract has been made under
the authority given him under the general appro-
priation to which I have referred.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to say to the gentle-
man and to the House that the reason why this
thing is delayed, and why it has actually "fallen
through is, that the business people of this city
are yet so far m their infancy in regard to such
matters of private and public convenience, that
tliAy really do not know how to go to work to
perfect a practicable scheme for watering their
streets. That it has been attempted we have seen
for some ten days or a fortnight past, and that it
is an utter failure has been satisfactorily demon-
strated to the mind of every member of this
House.
As to the suggestion that there is an appropria-
tion already covering this very point, I supposed
I had already sufficiently adverted to that. There
was an appropriation made for repairing—that
was the first object of the appropriation—clean-
ing, and sprinkling. I have seen, and there is
now before the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, the certificate of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to the effect that the §10,000 will
be exhausted in repairing and cleaning, and that
there will be nothing left for the purpose of
sprinkling the streets, which is the pbject for
which this appropriation is sought.
Mr. MALLORY. I oppose the appropriation
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and I do it in puisuancf of a principle which I
intend shall govern me in relation to all matters
of this soit during the present session of Con-
gress. I think that at a time when the resources
of the country are tried to the utmost, when taxes
of the most burdensome and oppressive charac-
ter—were it not for the impending war—are im-
posed upon the people of this country, it is entirely
wrong for the Congress of the United States to be j
appropriating money out of the Treasury of the
United States for the mere personal comfort of
members of Congress and the citizens of the city
of Washington. I think legislation of this sort
is a reflection upon the Congress of the United
States, and will sink this body, if persevered in,
still lower than it now stands in the estimation of
this country.
I do not see why a gentleman, even the most
fastidious,even although he may dress in the style
adopted by the dandies of the large and fashion-
able citics, cannot traverse the avenue from this
point to the President's House without being so
terribly shocked by the slight quantity of dust
■ which he will have to inhale or which may settle
on his clothes.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Cox] made a sug-
gestion in favor of this amendment which oper-
ates in strengthening my opposition to it. I think
we constantly need something in this city to re-
mind us of our mortality, to bring the great prin-
ciples of the Bible to our minds, to teach us that
dust we are, and that unto dust we shall return;
and I hope that this thing will be continued, that
no effoit will be made by Congress to stop it, as
a means of keeping my friend from Ohio in, the
wholesome state of mind to which he is brought
daily when he travels from this Capitol to the
President's House. I shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to this amend-
ment. I think we have already made an appro-
priation which covers this object; but if it does
not, we are to have another appropriation bill, in
consequcnce of the action of the Senate in cutting
out all the Army appropriations for the next year,
and we can consider this matter a little more de-
liberately when that bill comes up. I hope the
amendment will not be incot porated into this bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
the reason why the streets of this city are not
watered is, that the people are still in their mi-
nority—such children that they do not know how
to manage their own affairs. If he would ask for
a small appiopriation for basins and water and
towels,and somebody would scrub these children,
I do not know that I should object to it. [Laugh-
ter.] But Il^elieve that we had better leave the
watering of the streets to somebody else. 1 move
the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was secorMed, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
; The previous question was seconded, and the
I main question ordeied.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then icsumed the call of the
committees for reports of a private character.
CARLETOX, NORWOOD & CO.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
made an adverse report on the petition of Carle-
ton, Norwood & Co.; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF VESSEL'S NAME.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, rcpoi ted a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the name of the vessel
John Faron to Excelsior; which received its sev-
! era! readings, and was passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the hill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING A BILL.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, asked and ob-
tained const nt to have printed a bill referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, granting lands
to the State of Michigan for the construction of a
military road in that State.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled,an act (H.
R. No. 287) to establish a branch of the Mint of
the United States at Denver, in the Territory of
Colorado; when the Speaker signed the same.
SURVEY OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the consent of the House
to report back an act (S. No. 187) to reduce the
expenses of the survey and sale of the public
lands of the United States.
Mr. PORTER. I call for the regular order of
business. **
The SPEAKER. That is reports from com-
mittees, of a private character only.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will withdraw his objection.
Objection was not withdrawn.
MICHAEL SASH.
Mr. CALVERT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of Michael Nash, of the District of Columbia;
which was read a fiist and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
MATERIALS FOB WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. CALVERT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report a
joint resolution authorizing the payment of cer-
tain moneys heretofore appropriated for the com-
pletion of the Washington aqueduct, and to ask
that it be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read n first and second
time.
Mr. HICKMAN. I raise the point of order
that this is not a private bill, entitled to come ill
under the present, call.
Mr. CALVEP^T. I do not know what is a pri-
vate bill if this is not. It is to pay money to cer-
tain individuals.
The SPEAKER. Let the bill be read.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the superintendent of the Washington aqueduct
to pav to Robert Mclntyreand others the amounts
of their respective claims for work done and ma-
terials furnished for the Washington aqueduct
under the direction of Captain Benham and Lieu-
tenant Morton, not exceeding $4,681 39, no sum
to be paid except such as is certified to be just
and equitable by General M. C. Meigs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that thi3
is a private bill.
Mr. CALVERT. General Mj:igs himself asks
for this authority. He says that the work was
done and the materials furnished under the super-
intendence of Captain Benham, and that, there-
fore, he does not feel authorized to pay thismoney
without instructions from the House. He admits
the justice of the claim, and, asks for power to
pay it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a tlurd tune, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
DACOTAH HALF BREEDS.
Mr. WOODRUFF, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 143) for
the lelief of certain half breeds, or mixed bloods
of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians, or their
grantees; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
REPAIRS OF BOSTON COURT-HOUSE.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the marshal of Bos-
ton, for repairs to the United States court-house;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Watson Freeman, late United States
marshal for the district of Massachusetts, $281 40,
in full satisfaction of the claim of Freeman for
expenses incurred by him in repairs of the United
States court-house.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to leconsider the vote
