2684.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
t?\e expiration of his'term of service instead of one dollar
l>er montli, as authorized by existing laws."
That is the section which it is proposed to re-
peal. I am not sufficiently familiar with the oper-
ations of this law in the regular Army to know
whether it is desirable or not to repeal this section.
I have accomplished what I propose in bringing
the matter to the attention of the House.
Mr. BLAIR., of Missouri. This section was
inserted on the recommendation of the Secretary
of War. I t is intended to prevent desertions from
the regular Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I have reported bill of the House
No. 445, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
in reference to promotions in the office of the Ad-
jutant General, which I propose to move as an
amendipent to this bill. It is as good a place to
pass the provision as at any other.
The SPEAKER. It would be most germane
at the end of the bill.
Mr. D0.NN. I will withhold the amendment
until then.
Twentieth amendment:
Insert as an additional section, as follows:
Sec. 31. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to accept the ser-
vices of, and to coimnii-siim in the volunteer service, such
foreign officers of merit as may offer their services, and as
may be accepted by liim.
The amendment was disagreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGEEi, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 302) to protect
the property of Indians who have adopted the
habits of civilized life; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MIUTA11Y IMPRISONMENT,
The SPEAKER laid before the House-a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior,
inclosing a list of the prisoners confined in the
penitentiary of lift District of Columbia on sen-
tence of courts-martial, with a statement of the
charges made against them, and the term of their
sentence; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PAY OV OmCliUS OF THE ARMY—AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 175, to define the pay and emolumentsof
certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses.
Twenty-first amendment*.
Insert the following as an additional section:
Sec. 3*2. Jindbe it further enacted, That hereafter nil vol-
unteers, before boiiij* mustered and received into the ser-
vice of the United State>, shall be examined as to their
physical condition and other qualifications, in the same
manner and Mibjcet to the same rules and regulations as
irion enlisted in the regular Army of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to make a
word of explanation in regard to this particular
section. It has turned out that the zeal of our
soldiers to en list sometimes transcends their ability
to servo. Many have been mustered into the ser-
vice who had afterwards to bo discharged. This
section provides that each volunteer, before he is
mustered into the service, shall undergo the same
physical examination as the law requires in the
case of recruits for the regular Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-second amendment;
Insert the following a* an additional section :
Sac. 33. -And be it further enacted, That in order to pro-
mote discipline and increase the efficiency of the volun-
teer*, it shall bri lawful for the President to assign any
officer of the retjulat Army to duly with any volunteer regi-
ment, upon the occuirenee of a vacancy, a«s a field ofhecr
of said regiment, upon application of the Governor of the
State in which ban! regiment was organized, or upon the
application of a majoiity of the officers of the regime rit; and
the officer so as>i«;ned --hall have all the pay and allow-
ances and emolument-* of the. rank to wlueli ho is aliened
in the volunteers, and tlMll retain ins rank m the regular
Army and be entitled to promotion in the same manner as
if he had been on duty in the regular service; and whenever
the officers of any volunteer regiment or the Governor of
the State in which <-aul regiment wad organized fhnll apply
tor the appointment of any non-coinimsi>ioncd officer now
in the regular Army as a company officer in said regiment,
it shall be the duty of the PieMdent of the United States,
with the consent of said non-commissioned officer, to dis-
charge said non-commissioned officer from the Army, and
commission hun as a compsiuyofiicurfortliercgimciitmak-
ing application lor his appointment as above recih-d ; Pro-
vided, however, That not more than one officer ot the regu-
lar Army shall be assigned to duty with any regiment of
volunteer infantry or cavalry, and not more than one non-
commissioned officer with any company of volunteer in-
fantry or cavalrv, and that not moie than three officers of
the regular Army shall he assigned to duty with any regi-
ment of volunteer artillcr\, and not more than three non-
commissioned officeisof the regular Army shall be assigned
to duty with any company of voluuteer aitillery.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I desire to
call the attention of the House to a discrepancy
between this section and the law as it now stands.
It provides, on the application of the Governor of
a State or on the application of the majority of
the officers of a regiment, that the President of the
United States may appoint a commanding officer
for the regiment. As the law now stands the Gov-
ernor may appoint the commanding officer. If
the President may appoint on the application of
a majority of the officers it would oust the Gov-
ernor. I move to strike out these words, " or upon
the application of the majority of the officers of
the regiment," in the seventh and eighth lines,
and these words in the thirteenth and fourteenth
lines, u whenever the officers of any volunteer
regiment."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to that amendment. It is necessary to make the
section accord with the action of the House on a
previous section*
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and then the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Twenty-third amendment:
Insert as an additional section the following:
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That any alien of the
age. ot twenty-one years and upwards, who has enlisted or
shall enlist in the armies of the United States, cither the
regular or volunteer foiees, arid has been or shall be here-
after honorably dischaiged, may be admitted to become a
citizen of the United States upon his petition, without any
pievious declaration ot Iu-j intention to become a citizen of
the United States, and that he shall not bo requited to prove
more than one year's residence within the United States
previous to his application to become such citizen; and
that the court admitting such alien shall, in addition to such
proof of residence and good moral chaiactcr as is now pio-
vided by law, be satisfied by competent proot of such per-
son having been honoiably discharged from the seivice of
the United State? as aforesaid.
Mr. RLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Insert as an additional section the following:
See. 33. And be it further enacted, That hereafter every
contractor for subsistence, clothing, aims, ammunition,
munitions of war, and for every description of supplies tor
the Auny or Navy of the United States, shall be subjected
to the rules and articles of wai, so fai as tne t-auie me ap-
plicable ; and whenever any contractor for any Mich sup-
plies for either the Army or Navy shall be found guilty by
a court-martial of fraud or infidelity, he shall he punished
by fine, imprisonment, or such other punishment as the
court-martial shall adjudge; and any person whoshall con-
tract to furiu&h supplies of any kind or description for the
Army or Navy shall be deemed and taken as a part of the
land or naval Voices of the United States, for which he shall
contract to furnish s.ud supplies, and be subject to the rules
and regulations for the government of the land and naval
forces of th<  United States.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 suppose this provision might
be concurred in. The question is, whether itgoes
far enough, ft proposes to put-the contractors
under martini law 
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouii. Under the rules and
articles of war.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] from the Committee on
the Judiciary, has, in conformity with a resolu-
tion and bill I had the honor of submitting, re-
ported a bill punishing fraudulent contractor by
fine and imprisonment, If we could have both
hills together, I should not object to this proposi-
tion. That would be subjecting them to punish-
ment by either method.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This does not in-
terfere with the other bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I have no objection to
if. On the contrary, I wish to make the punish-
ment of fraud certain, beyond all contingency.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Missouri whether he proposes to sub-
ject a man to two methods of trial—one by court-
martial, and the other by civil law?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, who has re-
ported a bill upon this subject, and who has given
a great deal of attention to the matter, moving his
bill as an amendment to this section, or in lieu of
it. Then we shall have the sense of the Hous^as
to which they consider the best method of pre-
serving the Government from the robberies of
these contractors.
Mr. DAWES. I am inclined to think that a
trial by court-martial is preferable.
Mr. WIfKLlFFE. I introduced a resolution
upon tins subject, which was referred to a com-
mittee, and I did it for the special purpose of get-
ting holdofthese fraudulent contractors by prompt
military action. I have seen within my own dis-
trict some of the grossest fiauds committed in
the matter of furnishing provisions,clothing, &c.
I have Seen shoes delivered to, and received by,
the quartermaster in my country, which looked
very well upon the outside, but which, when ex-
amined and opened, proved to be made of thin
leather and filled with shavings. They would not
last the soldiers a week. If a man who covenants
to deliver produce, food, raiment,arms or ammu-
nition, is guilty of fraud, he deserves to be pun-
ished by the most severe penalty a court-martial
can impose upon him. He never will commit a
fraud if he knows that fact. I hope the section
will be retained.
Mr. RIDDLE. Can there be the least objection
to this section and to the bill of the gentleman
from Massachusetts existing at the same time? I
see nothing inconsistent in them. To be sure, there
is a provision in the Constitution providing that
no man shall be twice putin jeopardy of life or
limb for the same offense, and proceedings under
this provision of law would perhaps bar all pro-
ceedings under the other; but it leaves a choice of
remedies. I do not think theie is any danger of
having too many terrois hanging over these re-
spectable and patriotic contractors. It seems to me
there can be no inconsistency in adopting this pro-
vision, and afterwards adopting the bill reported
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, if it is
found to be a proper bill.
Mr. COLFAX. The only doubt I have in re-
lation to this military proceeding is, that in time of
war it might be difficult to spare officers from the
service for a coui t-martial. We have now officers
under arrest and imprisonment, awaiting trial by
court-martial. Some of them are high in rank,
and if is difficult—indeed, in one case it is said to
be impossible—to detail officers who are their peers
from their duties in the field to try them. I, there-
fore, fear that under this proposition these men
might escape punishment on account of the diffi-
culty of convening a court-martial. If we could
have the alternative of the mode of trial and pun-
ishment, so that the guilty would be certain to be
punished, I should be satisfied.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The difficulty in adopt-
ing the proposition contained in this bill and adopt-
ing the bill reported by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is practically this: that where there is
concurrent jurisdiction, the first tribunal that ob-
tains jurisdiction obtains exclusive jurisdiction.
I f that is the case, a fraudulent contractor, know-
ing that he is liable to be proceed-'d against under
a bill such as has been reported by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, may, if he have friends in
the Army, cause himself tube proceeded against
there, and those proceedings may be postponed
from time to time and bo pleaded in bar of any pro-
ceedings under the civil law; and, perhaps, if he
has friends among the officers of the Army, he
may obtain an acquittal.
It seems to me that this provision may embar-
rass rather than aid the object which we all desire
to attain.
Again, it seems to me objectionable that persons
not connected with the military service should be
subjected to military law.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 would suggest to
the gentleman from Rhode Island what was sug-
gested by the gentleman from Indiana upon my
left, that if a man commit a fraud against the sol-
diers by furnishing bad shoes, clothing, or sup-
plies, the very men of all others into whose hands
he would most dislike to fall would be the officers
against whom he committed the fraud and who
are particulaily affected by it.
Mr. SHEFI^i ELD. The practical answer to
that question is that the interest of the officers and
the intcrestof the soldiers do not always coincide.
Mr. COLFAX. There is another difficulty
which suggests itself to my mind. A fraudulent
contractor may be in Maine and the Army in Ar-
kansas. It might be difficult to send a summons,
or writ, or officer, a thousand miles to arresta man
