1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2685
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There are no writs
in the Army. They do things in a shorter way
than that.
Mr. MAYNARD. It may become necessary
to punish contractors in the enemy's country, and
as they cannot be proceeded against there by a
civil process, as a matter of course, therefore it
may be necessary to subject them to the rules
and articles of war.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to methatpromptness
and certainty of punishment are far more import-
ant than any other circumstance connected with
this matter. A contractor who is satisfied that a
prompt and certain punishment follows any per-
petration of fraud will be deterred from any inter-
ference with the arrangements of the Army more
certainly than if he could postpone the trial under
the dilatory proceedings of the civil law. Hence
the propriety ofputting him under the laws and
articles of war. He interferes with the arrange-
ments of the Army, hinders, obstructs, and weak-
ens the military arm, and to that arm he may prop-
erly be made responsible.
There is great force in the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. Take the army down at
Yorktown and Richmond: frauds may be com-
mitted there with perfect impunity if there is no
other punishment than that which maybe inflicted
by the bill introduced by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax,] and reported back by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas.]
But if you subject contractors to the rules and ai-
ticles of war, they can be punished promptly,
severely, and immediately. And I think no con-
tractor would dare commit a fraud if he were cer-
tain he would be tried by a court-martial and dealt
with as officers of the Army are dealt with.
I think we may look with pride to the character
of the old Army officers in that particular. How
rare it is that Army officers are found committing
frauds! And in some degree I think that may be
charged to the fact that they are subject to these
rigid 1 ules. On the other hand, I presume my friend
and colleague [Mr. Thomas] has found it difficult,
as I dare say my friend from Indiana has, to draft
a bill which would meetall the ingenuity and con-
trivances of fraudulent contractors in evading the
law, where they are to be tried in a civil court. No
such rigid rules as pertain to the administration of
justice in civil courts hold in a court-martial. Men
are tried there with sufficient regard to their rights,
as individuals, I think, and at the same time they
are punished with more certainty; and I think no
one need have any apprehension that those who
undertake thus to infringe upon the proper func-
tions of the military arm, will be punished with
undue seventy.
There is great propriety, therefore, I think, in
putting every one of these contractors under the
rules and articles of war. Whoever deals with the
Army should be governed by the niles thatgovern
the Army; and although I am very desirous of
having all the benefit that can be derived from the
biil of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colt ax,]
although 1 do not know but that concuuent j uiis-
diction maybe well, although I would not throw
any opposition m the way of the passage of that
bill, yet that bill will be m a great degree merely
paper by the side of an army in the field, and in
time of war. Then when it is mnstneeded it will
be least effective, and therefore I hope that this
section may be retained.
Mr. COLFAX. All of us here, upon all sides
of the House, are anxious to punish fraudulent
contractors in the severest manner possible, and I
shall vote with the greatest pleasure for the propo-
sition to place contractors under the rules and arti-
cles of war, but I doubt if we shall not find it best
to have concurrent jurisdiction in the manner pro-
vided in the bill reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee by thegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas,] in response to a resolution which I had
the honor to offer. Under the articles of war there
is no provision for a sheriff or an execution. I his
House yesterday, by a vote of 80 to about 30, le-
solved that the penitential y here shall not be used
to execute the judgments of courts-martial, and
that men now confined there—and we found, in-
deed, that the resolution even included those con-
fined for theft and homicide—shall be released.
True, we subsequently agreed to wait until the Ju-
diciary Committee can bring in a bill more guarded
in its provisions; but if we are going to deny to
courts-martial the authority to imprison men, we
ought to provide some other means of punishing
fraudulent contractors. I shall vote cordially for
this proposition of the gentleman from Missouri,
but I trust that if, on examination, we find it neces-
sary to make the punishment of fraud certain, we
shall also pass a bill in some shape so as to have
concurrentjurisdiction forthe punishment ofthese
parties.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the prefcious
question.
The previous question was seconded, and tlie
main question ordered; and being put, the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
Sec. —. Jhul he it further enacted, That there shall he
added to the Adjutant'Gcnenil'a department, by regular pro-
motion of its present officers, one coioneJ, two lieutenant
colonels, and nine majors ; and that the grade of captain in
said department is hereby abolished, and all vacancies oc-
curring in the grade of majorsh.ill be filled by selection from
among the captains of the Auny.
I reported to this House some weeks ago a bill
of which this amendment is the substance, by the
authority of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I think it better to present it now as an amend-
ment, as I may not have an opportunity to present
it in any other form. The bill was prepared under
the direction of the Adjutant General, and was
unanimously recommended by the Military Com-
nugees of the Senate and of the House. It pro-
poses to promote certain meritorious officers, most
of whom are kept from active duty in the field,
but who perfoim, at thfe same time, more labori-
ous and responsible duties without sharing the
honors of the battle-field.
Mr. HOLM AN. Will my colleague state what
will be the effect of that amendment ? What num-
ber of officers will it promote? Will its effect be
to advance permanently all the grades of officers
in the Ad jutant General's office mentioned in the
amendment ?
Mr. DUNN. I will say, in answer to my col-
league, that it will make the following promotions.
It will make Don Carlos Buell, now a major gen-
eral of volunteers, a colonel in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department. That will be his promotion
under this amendment; but I trust his country has
much higher honors in reserve for him.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the gentleman's
amendment referred especially to gentlemen who
are not in the field.
Mr, DUNN. That is true as to most of the offi-
cers to be affected by the amendment. It will pro-
mote to lieutenant colonelcies Majors Seth Wil-
liams, Julius P. Garesche, Richard C. Drum,and
James I>. Fry; and the following captains will be
promoted to majorities, namely, lidrtsuff, Mc-
Lean, Kelton, Williams, Whipple, McKeever,
Colhurn, Ruggles, Vincent, Greene, and Breck.
These aic among the most meritorious officers in
the Aimy. Some of them are on field duty, but
most of them are confined to office duty. The
amendment abolishes the rank of captain in the
Adjutant General's office.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that the
greater number of these officers now hold the grade
of captain, and that it is proposed that in future
the lowest grade shall be that of major?
Mr. DUNN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana that each one of the
gentlemen now employed in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office has been tendered much higher rank
in the volunteer service than this amendment will
$ ive them; but they have not been enabled to enter
the volunteer service because their services in the
department aie considered indispensable.
Mr. DUNN. That is very true. There are few
of the officers now employed in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office who might not long since have com-
manded regiments or brigades, if they could have
accepted appointments tendered to them. Many
of them might have entered on the staffs of major
generals if they had not been compelled by their
obligations to the service to remain in the depart-
ment.
It is the interest of the Government to have in
the Adjutant General's department officers thor-
oughly acquainted with all the operations and de-
tails of the service. Business qualifications of the
highestorder are requisite to tiie prompt and suc-
cessful management of this department. The offi-
cers now in the department have displayed great
ability and untiring industry, and the promotion
provided for in this amendment is but an humble
recognition of our estimation of their valuable ser-
vices.
Mr.COLFAX. I desire to say that I have looked
into this matter somewhat, and I must say that t
think it is the most meritorious proposition that
has been made in regard to promotion in the Army
during this session. There are, altogether, nine
of these assistants in the office of the Adjutant
General here when his staff is full, and any one
of them—I speak advisedly, for I have talten the
pains to find out—could have been at least the col-
onel of a regiment in the field, if the Adjutant Gen-
eral would have allowed them to leave the office
and accept the appointments tendered them, in-
stead of being, as they are now, captains. One ot
them is Captain Hartsuff. He obtained permis-
sion to serve with General Rosecranz in the field,
and so efficient have been his services that he has
already won the starof a brigadier general. But
his associates, who, less fortunate, were required
to remain at their posts here, still remain as they
were at the opening of this war, with the bare rank
and pay of a captain. The Secretary of War but
does them justice when he says that " there are in
the service no more diligent, faithful, and merito-
rious officers than those engaged in the Adjutant
General's office, and the proposed change is not
only required byjustice to them, but will contrib-
ute much to the advantage of the service."
Application has been made from various States
to have these officers, who are the very elite of our
WestPointgraduatcs—for it is the very elite who
get into that bureau—command regiments in the
field. The Department finally allowed three of
them to go, who were asked for by major generals
commanding our great armies, and who insisted on
having the benefit of their experience and military
talent, and these three have the rank of lieutenant
eolonel and colonel, while those who remain at
Washington having the great labor of organizing
and superintending the disciplineof the vastArmy
which is thiity to forty times larger than it was in
times of peace, still occupy the liflmblerankof cap-
tain. I think that merit should be the test of pro-
motion , and if an y officers in the Army have earned
promotion, it is these gentlemen in the bureau. I
refer, for instance, to Captain Ruggles, with whom
nearly all of us have had official business, and
found him a courteous, intelligent, and experienced
officer, who is in charge of an important branch
of the Adjutant General's office, where he has to
work laboriously night and day. Feeling the anx- .
lety so natural among military men for active ser-
vice, he applied for leave to go into the field; but
the Adjutant General refused to allow it, because
he felt that his services could not be dispensed
with, and he still remains a captain, while those
who were associated with him m the office a short
time ago are colonels and brigadier generals.
These positions have to be filled by the present
law by promotion from the first lieutenants of the
Army. The old term of a lieutenant in times of
peace was about fourteen years before they re-
ceived the rank of captain. But so rapid has been
promotion in the regular Army, growing out of
the present war, and the anxiety of all the States
to secure West Point graduates for official posi-
tions iri their regiments, with the promotion from
the old to the new regular regiments, there now
remains but five first lieutenants in the Army who
have had eighteen months experience in thatrank.
Mr. HOLMAN. i desire to ask my colleague
whethet these officers holding positions under the
Adjutant General are not in the regular line of
promotion in the Army of the United States in
cases of vacancy ? .
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; only in their own
branch of the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. Arc they not promoted in the
same manner as officers in the field, and would
not the efTect of this bill simply be, to adopt a
mode of promotion different from that which now
prevails under the Army regulations.
Mr. COLFAX. I answer my friend that pro-
motion in the Ad jutant General's bureau is con-
fined simply to tlie dozen officers of that bureau.
They receive promotion only when some officer of
that bureau dies, resigns, or is promoted. When
you keep them there atoffice duty, there is little
chance of promotion, except after along series of
years. But when men are sent into the field then,
for obvious reasons, they have a chance of rapid
promotion. Promotion in this bureau isvery slow
