1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Bice.
Ho. of Reps.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noeli] urges,
with much force of argument, the necessity of
confiscating the enemy's property. Is it lawful
to strip him of his cotton, tobacco, and sugar, but
unlawful to liberate the man who raises them?
Who shall inteipose the objection? Certainly not
the rebel. He is estopped. He denies that there
is any Federal Constitution, unless, perad venture,
he has occasion to reclaim a fugitive slave. He
claims that he belongs to a foreign government.
He says that he owes allegiance to the confederate
States; that he is a belligerent, a foreign foe.
But we are toid that the attempt to take away
the slaves of our enemies would be a hazardous
experiment, and we are warned against the dan-
gers of impolicy and rashness. We are told that
such a proposition would excite,alarm, and exas-
perate the rebels; that it would cause them to be
obstinate, determined, desperate; that it would
excite them to deeds of daring and heroism. Sir,
these warnings may be timely,and emanating from
unclouded judgmentand far-seeing statesman ship;
but they rest upon principles too" occult, too pro-
found, to be clear and manifest to ordinary minds.
The inauguration of the present intestine war
seems to have been deliberate, commencing with
ordinances of secession, and progressing with the
raising of vast armies, the destruction of property,
and the spilling of blood. Does any one believe
that it was projected for a mere matter of pastime?
Can it be doubted that the rebels are in earnest?
Does any man imagine that they will ever yield
and lay down their arms until compelled to do so
by force? Do they now employ anything less
than their entire resources, energy,and skill? Will
the taking away of four millions of their popula-
tion—three fourths or more of their industrial
classes—increase their hopes, courage, and capa-
city for evil ? This is singular logic. If theie is
anything in the argument, it proves too much. It
impeaches the action of those who employ it. It
proves that your vessels of war should be taken
out of service; that your ordnance should be with-
drawn from the field, and placed in yourarsenals;
and that your armies should be paid off, and mus-
tered out of service. According to this argument,
you must not cannonade the enemy's forts; it will
exasperate him. You must not shoot down his
troops; it will exasperate him. You must not
take and imprison his soldiers; it will exasperate,
strengthen, and make him desperate. It seems to
me that the bare statement of such a proposition
is its sufficient refutation.
But it is said that the liberation of the slaves of
rebels will be displeasing to the border States. I
ask on what principle? They are not rebels, and
this proceeding would not touch theirslaves. They
have no sympathy with treason,and it would not
inteifere with their property. The border States,
on principle, would seem to have the same rela-
tion to the rebellion with their more northern sis-
ters. Each is struggling to maintain the Govern-
ment against treason. Each has the same interest
in success, and why should not each have the
same desire to cripple the enemy? The emanci-
pation of Howell Cobb's slaves would not affect
that class of persons in Kentucky; but it would
reduce his substance and diminish his power.
Would it weaken the institution, and is the uni-
versality of slavery a condition essential to its use-
fulness? Then I answer th#t it is of very danger-
ous tendency; and 1 suggest to gentlemen of the
border Status that we should ponder well the les-
sons of the last year and let them make an indel-
ible impression upon our minds. We would do.
well to give attention to " the signsof the times."
I have already remarked that some gentlemen
from the border States favor the confiscation of
property, but, nevertheless, object to the hbcia-
tioil of slaves. The propriety of this distinction
is not quite apparent to my mind. Is a haimless
ox, quietly ruminating or grazing in his pasture,
more dangerous to the Government than a slave
in the trenches or in the discharge of his duties as
a gunner ? If the rebel may be lawfully deprived
of his interest in his ox, is it unlawful to take
away his slave ? What clause in the Constitution,
what principle of law, of morals, or of justice,
creates or warrants this subtle distinction? I
should omit, however, to state the whole argu-
ment, did I neglect to say that I understand some
of these gentlemen to concede that slaves might
be lawfully confiscated like other property; but
that they could not be legally emancipated, as that
would be an interference with the relations of persons.
In reply to this position, I remark that the confis-
cation of a rebel's slave would essentially sever
all relations existing between the parties; I need
hardly add that freedom from bondage would pro-
duce the same result. The principle of both eman-
cipation and confiscation assumes the right to
deprive the rebel of his property, and if that be
admitted, it does not lie with him to direct or
control the disposition of it.
Another objection has been urged against the
passage of the bills under discussion which I must
briefly consider. Ithasbeen repeatedlyintimated
on this floor that the passage of these bills, and
especially of the one contemplating a contingent
emancipation of slaves, would create dissensions
at the North, and seriously impair the efficiency
of the Army. Indeed gentlemen have gone the
length to predict that it would result in mutiny,
and cause the troops to lay down their arms and
disband. And to give speciousness to this remark-
able—I might say incredible—prophecy, it is as-
serted that the soldiers of the North did not
desert their farms, shops, and other place of busi-
ness in order to make a crusade against slavery.
Sir, I freely admit the fact, and to this extent
agree, that they did not enlist with the view to
make war upon slavery. But I take the liberty
to assert, and I do so not without some knowledge
of northern sentiment, that our bravo soldiers—
true-hearted, humane, and liberty-loving as they
are brave—did not leave their families, sacrifice
their property, and hazard their lives with the
view to strangle freedom, nor to become theguaid-
ians of slavery. Nor were they animated by a
desire to slaughter their fellow-men, or to lay their
hands on any species of property belonging to the
rebels. Their object was manifest: it was to crush
the rebellion, and protect the flag of their fathers
which had been biutally and treaeheiously as-
saulted by perjured pat rieides;and they proceeded
to the tented field with the fixed determination to
use all available means consistent with the rules
of civilized warfare and the laws of their country
to make a speedy termination of their mission.
Whatever impedes their onward match they will
remove from their pathway, he it cotton, tobacco,
sugar, or slaves. And while they will not inter-
fere with the rights of loyal men, be assured that
under no conceivable circumstances, unless in un-
willing obedience to express orders and military
discipline, will they turn aside from the appropriate
duties of a soldier, to catch, return, or drive back
to bondage the poor wretched panting fugitive
who seeks and bravely struggles for that liberty
so sweet and dear to every human heart.
Has this objection been made upon due consid-
eration and in sincouty and good faith? Does any
sane man believe that northern freemen engaged
in this war for the put pose of protecting and sus-
taining slavery? Why should they secure to the,
master his slave, rather than his cotton, his horse,
or his ox? What cause of animosity have they
against the poor bondman ? What interest have
they in maintaining and perpetuating the peculiar
institution? What object have they in strength-
ening the resources of the enemy ? Whence comes
this deep and all-absorbing love of slavery in the
hearts of northern freemen—a love that commands
them to forget country, the graves of murdered
brothers, and even the necessary means of self-
preservation? Does it come from party ties and
party influences? The love of country is stronger
than the love of party. Republicans are not wed-
ded to the institution, and slavery slew Democ-
racy m the Charleston convention. Slavery, ac-
cording to a Senator from South Carolina, made
these same northern freemen mud-sills. Slavery
made Kansas a field of bloo'd. Slavery has de-
stroyed freedom of specch and freedom of the
press. Slavery has whipped, driven from their
homes, and even hung, inoffensive native-born
American citizens. Slavery has smitten with
blight and mildew fifteen States of the Union, and
barbarized mil lions ofour population. And finally,
slavery has made war upon the United States, and
has already slain fifty thousand of her loyal men.
Mutiny, disband, and lay down their arms be-
cause you remove poison from their cups, and
turn pistols from their breasts! Mutiny, disband,
and lay down their arms lest you should, in self-
defense, strangle the monster, the serpent in this
our garden of Eden—the author of al! our woes!
Sir, in behalf of the brave,self-sacrificing,patri-
otic men from my own State,1 distinctlyand posi-
tively deny the unjust charge. It does them in-
finite wrong. It impcaches tlieirintegnty; it insults
their understanding. They are not crusaders
against slavery; they are not abolitionists; they
will not infract the Constitution; they are not mu-
tineers! But they will, at all hazards, crush the
rebellion and punish traitors; and should slavery
be slain in the house of its friends, they will, as in
duty bound, submit to that dispensation of Provi-
dence with pious fortitude, and with that humble
resignation that becomes good soldiers and true
Christians.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken with frankness,
but, I trust, without passion or malevolence. A
fearful responsibility now rests upon this Con-
gress and upon every man connected with govern-
mental affairs, that should banish all personal
and party considerations. Mindful of the con-
Hictingopinions manifested in this House, I know
that I am liable to arrive at erroneous conclusions;
but with impressions on my mind amounting to
conviction, I cannot neglect to follow the plain
dictates of reason and judgment. It is painful to
reflect that in the mistaken but conscientious dis-
charge of duty we may be the instrument of dis-
aster and ruin; but it is fiightful to consider that
by inattention, timidity, and trifling we may bring
upon our skirts the blood of gallant men, and bo-
come accessory to the downfall of the cherished
Government ofour fathers.
CONFISCATION7 OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN IL EICE,
OK MA INK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 34, \m.
The Tlou^e having unriet con<iileraiion the IjilK to con-
fiscate the piopeity ami free l'roui seivitude the slaves of
tolx'ls—
Mr. RICK, of Maine, said:
Mr. Speaker: While we arc passing through
this tenible ordeal of war, this fearful tragedy of
blood—as the fn m earth trembles under the armed
tread of advancing thousands, and drinks with
eager thiist the life-blood of contending hosts—
as God's pure sunlight is obseurod by the dun
smoke of battle, and overhanging, weeping clouds
are lighted up by the lurid glare of burningtowns,
villages, and hamlets—as the waters of our ex-
tended coasts and mighty rivers are vexed by the
| cleaving keels of vast armadas, and the grand an-
thems of their roaring, rushing tides are hushed
i to compaialivc silence in dueful discords, born of
human genius and dnected by human passion—
as death and desolation sit brooding over the more
immediate scenes of xinfe, and sorrow and mourn-
ing pervade all the land, and
'• Kach new mom,
Now \\idow-> howl; upw oiphaiw ciy; new sorrows
^tuke Heaven on the lace
while, "amid this hell that surrounds us," we
pursue with fearless tread the path of duty and of
destiny,groping our way through the thick dark-
ness by the thunder peal and lightning flash of
battle, and with eager, hopeful vision peer tlnough
the parting clouds, and think we see in the early
future the bright bow of promise and of peace
again spanning our southern horizon; as with un-
daunted hearts and eager steps the patriot sons
of the Republic pursue their matricidal brothers,
and on scores of battie-ficids send up their shouts
of victory; and in the name of" Abialiam,5' and
according to his promise, "hold, occupy, and
possess the property and places belonging to the
Governmentas inState alter State the black
flag of slavery and rebellion goes down in defeat
and disgrace, and the heaven-gemmed banner of
our fathers is set up m victory and honor, in the
name of liberty and union—
"Down tliey go, the brave young rider*
together fall;
Like a plowshare in the fallow, through them plows the
northern ball."
Amidst these rapidly transpiring and most
horse and foot
