704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
his Department. I think it is proper that. I should
read to the Senate some portions of the corre-
spondence which I have here that they may sec
that I do not state these things without knowledge
and without evidence of the facts.
I will premise that there arc two companies in
NcwYork who are employed, the American Bank
Note Company and the National Company. Both
these companies possess all the capital to carry on
such operations as these. Both have the neces-
sary skill and facilities; and both arc enabled to
furnish to the Government the security and safety
of the immense amount of Treasury notes which
they have in charge—very important considera-
tions. No other parties applying for the con-
tract, and I believe there were but two others,
appeared to present the same qualifications. One
of them, I believe, had skill, but had not capital:
a gentleman representing what was called the
New York Sank Note Company; in fact he was
president, director, and company himself; but he
had not the necessary capital and means to fur-
nish these notes with the proper dispatch, and to
give perfect secuiity to the Government while
they were in his custody. Another party's ap-
plication was thought to be not worthy of con-
sideration, for reasons that I need not mention.
The Secretary instructed Mr. Cisco to make the
contracts. They are not such as he was bound
to advertise for, and manifestly it would be very
improper to'subject these contracts to that rule.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in a letter to
the chairman of the Finance Committee, has ex-
plained the transaction, and given somewhat of
the details:
Tri:a.s{JUY Dni'.vnTMr.NT, February 5, J^GO.
Sir: In compliance with your futthet icquest relative to
the expenses of the Joans made under the authorit}' of the
acts of 17fh July and 5th August last, f havo the hoiioi to
state that the whole liability on account of engiavmg, papei,
printing, and numbering oV the sevetal issues, as leeeived
to the aoth January 1:m, is as follows:
For printing, numbering, and paper thereforof throeycai.-.'
bond*,one hundred and forf\-two thousand six hundred
impressions, representing £lJ3,:U5,OOfl  $l7,9.">b HI
For engraving and altcimg plates lur three j
bonds, and retouching  G/J70 00
Aggregate for tlnee yeais' bond-*  1,436 81
For engraving, printing, and numbering Uni-
ted States notes payable on demand, and
paper therefor, say one million four hundred
and forty-two thousand two hundred and
fifty sheet'?, requiring four million Hvree hun-
dred and twenty-six thousand seven hundred
and fifty impressions, icprescntmg in value,
$47,G00,00i)  113,381 05
Total engraving, piinting, and paper $1117,809 4t 
In addition, there will be further demand.-? for about
thrccmilhon dollars* in value of United States notes, and
for &'.**>!),000,000 of registered bomb, now in course of print
ing by the National Hank Note Company.
The clerical force requited to Man, iegister, and other-
wise prcpaie iIk-m- issues for u>e, (n list of winch has been
sent to j on,) icquu e^ a monthly pa) men I oi\wi).;Wf> 07, and
there has been di awn the Mini oi ^ l.yr.'ij 61). For additional
clerics at the offices of the a mutant tteusureis, ,f7J0:i 17.
For commission to subset iption agents.905 y-l! Makm-r
an aggregate of ascertained and liquidated claims, amount
ing t<  ,<'X\'J,7ir> !G.
01 tins, theie lias been paid, thu<fai, lor pap''i, enslav-
ing, printing, anil numbering, tfli)G,6b3 88. The whole
appropriation was stfOOjOOO.
As this aim is expected to cover all the expense* of
whatever ehaiai K-r, (including the cost of uansportation
fiom the Tiea-sury in Washington to the seveial poin;s of
di.-buisement,) lor stationeiy. and ail other incidental ex-
penses, it was deemed necessary to ask foi the additional
amount to meet these chaiges, some of which, eonsideia-
ble in niairmtudc, «ueh as transportation of United Urates
notes to places where required for payment, are not in
curred in ordinary loans.
I have the honor to ttansm<t, in Anther explanation, cop-
ies of the several agreements made through the Assistant
Treasure at New Yoik, wall the Amenejn ami National
Bank Note Companies lot lut niohntg trie paper, and for the
engraving, punting, and numbcung of the ,>cv< ial classes
ot issuer authon/.ed l>v the acts of July and Augu-t last, and
all the correspondence in connection t here with. The ques-
tion, by whom the Government would be mo^t eeiUnn},
most securely,and nso>t economically served, w;h lefeired
to that officer, who, by peiaorial knowledge and investiga-
tion, could Ihm determine as to the character of panic* and
Their facilities for executing the required work, and lot Uie
safe-keeping oi the plates and impressions.
ifts decision was carefully made aftei full inquiry and
examination, and was approved by me.
The* woik of the bank note companies has been well done
and at puces fifteen percent less than the rates heietofote
paid for similar woik, and no loss whatever has been as vet
incurred.
1 have the honor, sir, to be, with great respect,\our obe-
dient servant, ft, v. rilASK
Secretary of ike Trcusaiy.
Hon. unxmi Put Fks^endev,
Chdnuian ('■omiaitlci• un Finance, United State* Senate.
I will read some extracts from the correspond-
ence between the Department and Mr. Cisco, in
relation to the subject. In a letter of Mr. Cisco
of January II, 1862, to the Secretary, reviewing
the whole subject, he says: #
" I desiie at the outset of this letter to say that, ftom the
very commencement, you tiansfened the entire icsponsi-
bility of making these coatiactsand the charge of the work
to myself, and that your instructions tome were, to be solely
guided by what in my judgment would most conduce to the
public interest. I have endeavored to discharge my duty
faithfully in the premises."
In a note from Mr. Cisco to the Treasury De-
partment, dated July 23, 1861, he said:
"There can be no doubt that the American Bank Note
Company lias the laige^t capital and the largest facilities
for executing the woik, find in my judgment they excel their
competitors m wotlunanship. f*should deem it, iherefoic,
expedient to employ them, piovided their charges arc satis-
factory, and that they can put on a sufficient force to accom-
plish what is necessary within the lequired t.me Cn relation
to these ehaiges, I have not been able to obtain the neces-
sary information to satisfy me. f shall endeavor to do so
to morrow, when I will write to you again.1'
On the same day, the 23d of July, Mr. Chase
telegraphed to Mr. Cisco:
" In referring the Amet ican Note Company to \ ou, it was
not rny purpose to exclude from consideration the offeis of
the National Dank Note Company, or indeed any other."
Oil the 25th of July, Mr. Cisco wrote to the
Treasury Departmcift:
"X have carefully investigated the whole subject, and as
a result have decided to employ tiie Ametican Bank Note
Company. In coming to a decision,! have been of course
solely guided by the inteiests of the Government. They
have in their favor large capital, greater facilities, and su-
pciioi woikmen. I went minutely into their calculations,
and thereby ascertained that the round priees mentioned
under the summaiy of their offer are rather lc--s than the
result is from carrying out the specific items from which
they tuo i educed. Pub-equenlly they made a second propo-
sition, otic ring to take off lilteeu pei cent, fiom these prices,
i audit is upon tlnsbasi-uhat lhaveelosed with them. That
is to Miy, we aie to pay.
For evny £'.%000,000iii .V<, $0r>,000 — 15 pc, cent., $17,000
" " in 10's, 10,000— « 10,200
" u intfTs, (>,000— « 5,100
" Without taking into account the reduction of fifteen per
cent , then lir^t oflbr ww a better one than that of the Na-
1 tional company, and the i eduction will save the Govern
' mem on $01),000,000 ot these denominations alone $18,000."
] •**•***•*• ***""*
I " It may be proper foi me to lepeat at tin-, point what I
stated substantially in my letter of yesterday, that I am
satisfied, from pcisonal examination and irmMrgation, that
there aie no paities bore engaged in fins binme-s, besides
the two great companies named, who possess that combi-
nation ot capital, facilities and leeogmzed integrity, which
would justify you or mc m intrusting to them on behalf of
the Government a great woik, in which excellence and
dispatch in execution and reasonableness in puces arc
equally essential, and a justifiable confidence in the high
character and carefulness of those with whom one is deal-
ing, still moi e so."
In a letter of Mr. Harrington, of 30th July,
1861, addressed to Mr. Cisco, I find this:
" Will you sec the ptoper person of the American Rank
Note Company, that company having ah the plates belong-
ing to the Depaurnent, and aseeiiain whether or not the
old plate-, may not be altered, and eoupon plates attached,
from which the certificates could forthwith be printed. A
tint plate anil > Oregon war debt,' m bold relief, would des-
ignate them sufficiently. Please examine thisqucstion with
a view to the utmost dispatch and economy."
That is a letter from Mr. Harrington, whose
name has often been mentioned in regard to this
transaction, and, 1 think, very unjustly. In his
letter of July 30, 1861, he says:*
11 In regaid to the plates for the Oieeori war debt, the Sec-
letaiy was disposed to give that work to Mi. Baldwin"—
lie represented the New Yoik Bank Note Com-
pany—
" provided Mr. B. could do it as well, and at as little cost,
and u ith as much dispatch and coitamty as any Other; in
other word*, all tlungs being equal, to give it to linn, or
to give !mn a fan chance. My letter to-day referred to an
alteration of old plates, now in possession of the American
! Hank Note Compart}, and looking simply to economy and
I dispatch."
In a letter from Mr. Harrington to Mr. Cisco,
j on (ho 8th of August, ldGl, the Assistant Secre-
' tary says:
i -'The Secrotaiy is disposed to divide the woik of the
' Ticasurv. The cn iaviug and furnishing the notes and
j bonds under the new laws will be large, and he is opposed
to monopolies. The National company were prompt in
executing all oulcrs heietofoie given, and to that company
he is kindly di-posed. The question, however, has been
I r cloned lo you, witn theiestiiction of the greatest economy
i and dispatch."
: Then Mr. Cisco wrote, August 14, 1861:
I U1 have awarded the contiaet foi engraving and printing
j the Oregon war bonds to the National Bank Note Com- !
i pan: < ti!0 specified in iho accompanying csti- 1
j mate. The company undertake to have the plates ready in :
! leu days, and the first impressions of the notes in a fort-
, mglit fiom this time. The plates will be so arranged as to
! serve for an) future issues of coupon bonds.
'c Upon the investigation, I found that Mr. Baldwin has no
facilities for doing the work with dispatch, thirty days being
the shortest time in which he could undertake to get up the
plates."
In summing up the whole matter, Mr. Cisco
says:
"To recapitulate, briefly, the printing and engraving of
the United fctates demand notes, of the three and sixty-five
hundredth's pei cent. Interest notes, and of the seven and
three tenths pet cent, interest notes, were given to the
American Bank Note Company, at prices fifteen percent,
less than tho-sc usually ehaiged by them, and fifteen per
cent, less than the rate paid to them by the superintendent of
the banking depattment of the State of New Yoik, and con-
siderably less, relatively, than they ever before charged the
Government lor similar work. The printing and engraving
of the Oregon war bonds, and of the $50,000,000 six per
cent, bonds, were given to the National Bank Note Com-
pany, at prices severally ten per cent, and fifteen per cent,
less than their usual chaiges."
I have read these excerpts to show that the De-
partment have conducted all their operations in
regard to this business with the most perfect fair-
ness, with regard to the interests of the Govern-
ment, to the dispatch of the work, which required
very great prompitude, and to the security of the
Government. These two establishments pos-
sessed large buildings, fire-proof and burglar
proof, which was a matter of very great import-
ance. It would be manifestly improper to make
contracts with any party, however skillful, and
however he might have other facilities, unless he
could give the advantage of security. There are
very great temptations to burglars, and very great
liability in case of fire, if there is not security in
these respects.
I have stated the case very briefly, but I thought
it necessary that some reply should be made here
in effect to the mistaken suggestions which have
been made elsewhere. The conduct of the De-
partment in the whole matter is entirely honor-
able throughout.
Mr. LATHAM. I have listened to the explan-
ation made by the honorable Senator from Mary-
land with a great deal of pleasure, and I do not
know whether I am in order in the motion that I
am about to make; but 1 will nevertheless make
it; and I think that, by the unanimous consent of
the body, it can be adopted, even though we are
engaged in the consideration of this bill. I think
that this body owes it to the honorable Secretary
of the Treasury, as well as to his assistant, that
all the papers and letters referred to by the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland should be printed
for the use of this body. The charge was publicly
made in the House of Representatives, and it has
gone out to the country that there have been dis-
honest practices on the part of the honorable Sec-
retary of the Treasury and lus Assistant, involving
some two hundred and fifty or three hundred thou-
sand dollars in this matter of engraving. When
a committee of this body, after investigation, make
the statement, through their representative upon
this floor, that has been made, I think we owe it to
those officers, faitiiful as they are, and industrious
and laborious, and with onerous duties imposed
upon them such as representatives of this Gov-
ernment have never had imposed upon them be-
fore, that these papers should be published and
put into circulation to refute the villainous slander
upon their integrity. I therefore interpose a mo-
tion that all the papeis referred to, of winch merely
extracts have been read by the honorable Senator
from Maryland, bo published for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think that motion will
come in better after we get through with the bill.
Mr. LATHAM. The papers only relate to
what is pending before the body now, and I think
it proper that they should be published. I do not
think there will be any objection at all to the
motion.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Of course I can have no
objection to the motion: but I suppose the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland has read all that
he deems important, and what he has read will go
into his sp<?2ch.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent to interpose a
motion 
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained. The
question is on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
