THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
indeed, and the difficulty can only be obviated by
a bill of this kind. Indeed the efficiency of the
corps cannot be kept up unless you allow it to be
filled up from the captain^ in the service; and 1
hope this just amendment will be unanimously
adopted.
" Mr. McPHERSON moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
Mr. Dunn's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING*. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section to the bill:
That every Senator and Representative in Congress shall
hereafter, at each session of Congress, receive in Jieuof the
mileage now allowed by law, his necessary and actual per-
sonal expenses in going from his home to the capital and
reluming by the most direct, actually-traveled route. Such
expenses shall be stated on oath by the person claiming the
same with as much accuracy and particularity as possible,
and shall, thereupon, be ascertained and paid in the same
manner as mileage is now ascertained and paid. The Ser-
geant-at-Aimsof each House of Congress is hereby author-
ized and directed to administer the oath above required;
and the amount of personal p\pen«ses above mentioned, to-
gether with the salary fixed by law, shall be the only com-
pensation, allowance, or emolument which any Senator or
Representative shall receive upon any pretext whatever.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I raise the point of
order, that this amendment is not germane to the
bill, or to anything; in the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. There is another objec-
tion to it. The House adopted that amendment
yesterday, but did not stand to it afterwards.
_ The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order at this
time. If there is anything in the bill relating to
the pay of members of Congress, the section
would be germane, if not, it would not be.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I desire to call the
attention of the Chair to the fact that the eighteenth
section refers to the mileage of officers of the Gov-
ernment.
The SPEAKER. It is only to officers of the
Army, however.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I maintain that I am an
officer of the Government.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken.
Mr. MALLORY. Probably it may be saved
by the fact that a number of members of Congress
are also officers m the Army.
The SPEAKER. The Chairsustains the point
of order.
Mr.'BLAIR, of Missouri. I now call the pre-
vious question.
DISTRICT BOSINKSS.
The SPEAKER. 'The morning hour having
expired, thenextbusiness before the House is, by
special assignment, that relating to the District of
Columbia, which was postponed tjll this day.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. Do I understand that
this bill is finished ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr, WASIIBURNE. Then I hope that by
unanimous consent we will go on and finish this
bill.
The SPEAKER. The busi ness in order is the
consideration of Senate resolution No. 8G, regu-
lating the employment of the convicts in the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia for their benefit
and improvement.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If that bill be postponed,
would the House then go on with the hill before it?
The SPEAKER. * It would not, as this day is
assigned, after the morning hour, to the business
pertaining to the District of Columbia.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the leave of the House,
I desire to make a statement winch I am instructed
to make by the Judiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER. A special order is made for
to-day, after the morning hour, for the District of
Columbia business, and the postponement of any
bill would not relieve that order.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE. Would not a motion be
in order to postpone the further consideration of
the business pertaining to the District of Colum-
bia?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. WA-S>H-J3CfRNE. Then I move to post-
pone it till to-morrow.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missourt. There is a special
order for to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I modify my mo-
tion so as to postpone it one hour.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to be heard on that
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the gentleman
will confine himself to the question.
Mr. DELANO. I propose to confine myself to
the question, and I propose to appeal to the good
faith of the House which has been pledged for
some weeks to give to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia an opportunity to be heard on the
business reported by it. By unanimous consent of
the House, yesterday was assigned for that busi-
ness, and every member who has looked at the
Calendarknows that there was an unusually large
amount of that business to be transacted. It was
proceeded with hastily, and yet with proper de-
liberation yesterday, till we reached the usual hour
ofadjournment. It was then, in the ordinary course
of business, postponed till to-day. I therefore
now ask the House, mindful of its good faith, to
take up the business and proceed with it to the ex-
clusion of all other business.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My motion was to post-
pone the consideration of the District business for
an hour only. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts has taken up a considerable portion of that
time in opposing the motion to postpone. Now,
sir, I do not see that there is any great public ne-
cessity demanding immediate action upon tlf&se
District bills, but I think there is a great neces-
sity for action upon this military bill; and that is
the reason why I have moved to postpone the con-
sideration of the District business for an hour, to
enable us to dispose of this bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois that he modify his motion
so as simply to postpone the District business for
a sufficient time to take the vote upon this bill.
Mr. DELANO. I will agree to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri will
be agreed to.
Mr. BIDDLE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the previous
question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. COLFAX called for tellers on seconding
the demand.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Maynard
and Mitchell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 35.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, and the
motion to postpone for an hour was agreed to.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS—AGAIN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I demand the pre-
vious question on the third reading of Senate bill
No 175.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 desire to call up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the 1 louse refused to strike out
the fourteenth and fifteenth sections of the bill. I
suppose I have the right, to have that motion dis-
posed of before the previous question is seconded.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissoun. The previous ques-
tion would not cut oiF that.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. But it cuts off discussion;
and I desire to say a few words upon the motion
to reconsider. I call up the motion, and now pro-
pose to say a few words upon it.
The SPEAKER No debate is in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The motion to reconsider,
I submit, is a privileged question, and will take
precedence of the demand for the previous ques-
tion. The motion was made two or three days
ago.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
demand for the previous question is pending, and
that debate is not in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I put the question to the
Chair whether the motion to reconsider is not a
privileged question, and whether one privileged
question can override another?
The SPEAKER. The previous question docs
not cut oif the motion to reconsider, but it will cut
o(F discussion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no objection
to the gentleman fiom Kentucky occupying five
or ten minutes upon his motion to reconsider; but
if he proposes to occupy an hour, I cannot with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not propose to oc-
cupy half an hour, nor twenty minutes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, sir, I will
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and give the gentleman an opportunity of talking,
if he will talk, as he always does, to the point.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
reconsidering the vote by which the House agreed
to the following sections of the bill:
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That whenever the
name of any officei of the Army or marine coips now in the
service, or who may hereafter be in the service of the Uni-
ted States, shall have been borne on the Army Register or
on the Naval Register torly-five years, or shall be of the age
of sixty-two yeais, he shall be retired from active service,
and his name entered on the retired list of officers of the
grade to which he belonged at the time of such retirement.
Sec. 15. Jlnd beitfurther enacted, That the JPiesident of
the United States he, and he is hereby, authorized to assign
any officer who may be retired under the preceding section
of this act, or the afoiesaid act of August 3,1861, to any
duty; and such officer thus assigned shall receive the full
pay and emoluments of his grade while so employed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I was about to observe
that I have no interest or connection personally
with any officer of the Army of the United States
who will be affected by these provisions. I have
no particular friend whose interest I desire to sub-
serve by the motion I have made. But, sir, I was
not apprised, when the vote was taken the other
day, that the Committee on Military Affairs rec-
ommended the striking out of these sections. I
thought they were introduced by the committee
as an amendment.
Now, sir, the substance of these two sections of
the bill, without taking time to read them, is that
where an officer in the Army or marine corps has
been upon the Army Register, for forty-five years,
although he may be only fifty years of age, he is
to be stricken from the rolls. It is provided, too,
that although he may not have been long in the
service, yet if he has attained the age of sixty-two
years he is to be stiicken from the rolls, whether
he has served ten years or forty-eight years. I
will not take up the time of the House upon this
subject atany length, for I do not know that I can
communicate to gentlemen any information that
they arc not already in possession of.
But, sir, without having* made any specific cal-
culation of the number of officers of the Army
which the fourteenth section of this bill would de-
prive of their rank and position, 1 undertake to say
that it will strike from your rolls not less than fifty
of the most valuable officers in the service. I know
one of them. I know he has been in the servicc
for forty-five years or more, for he and myself, as
young men, served together. He is nearly as old
as I am. I allude to the ofiicerat the head of the
Commissary department, Colonel Taylor. He is
to be deprived of his rank and position in the Army,
in consideration of which he is to have the glori-
ous privilege of being called, at the discretion or
will of the President, to fiil a clerkship in some
office, or perform some other unimportant duty not
in the Aimy.
The able head of the marine corps, Colonel Har-
ris, is over sixty-two years of age, and yet he
can do more physical service than any member of
the Committee on Military Affairs, I ventuie to
say, but you strike him from the rolls. For what
purpose? To make him a clerk in some office, I
suppose, or to allow him to starve. In the Florida
war, in the war with Mexico, and wherever his
country has called him during forty years and more
of efficient service, by slow promotion he has ar-
rived at the position of head of the marine corps.
He is rising of sixty years of age, and yet he is
as briirhtand full of energy as he was twenty years
ago. And you piopose as a reward for such a life
of service to give the President power to assign
him to some clerkship.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think the gentle-
man has not examined carefully these sections of
the bill. They provide that he shall retain his
full rank and enjoy his full pay and emoluments
when assigned to active duty.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let us see what the bill
provides. The gentleman says he is to enjoy nil
his position and emoluments. The fifteenth sec-
tion of the bill reads as follows:
That the Pie«ident of the United States; be, and he is
hereby, autiionzed to assign any otlicei who may be letired
under the preceding section of this net, or the aforesaid act
of August 3,1661, to any duty; and t-uch officer thus as-
signed shall leeeive the full pay and emoluments of his
grade while so employed.
Assign him to any duty! To what duty? Mili-
