THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventii Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1862.
New Series No. 45.
page 11 of the bill, line nine, .section two, (which
section makes appropriations for the present fiscal
year, the first section applying to the next fiscal
year,) to strike out the proviso, "that no part
of this appropriation shall be used in payment or
liquidation of any sum due on any existing con-
tract for engraving or printing bonds or notes,"
attached to the appropriation of §100,000 for ne-
cessary expenses of carrying the loan acts into
effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, line
thirty-one, section'two, to insert:
For a deficiency on account of papering and painting the
President's House in the autumn of 1861, $4,ol)0.
Mr. WILKINSON". I should like some expla-
nation concerning that and the succeeding amend-
ment. I desire to know what they are. I did
suppose that the usual appropriation of a large
amount for fitting up the President's House was
made at the last session of the last Congress. I
should like to know something about these items.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 will give such explanation
as I can. The explanation is furnished in a letter
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings. I ought
to state first that soon after the inauguration of
the President, a gentleman was appointed Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, who
at the special session of Congress was not con-
firmed by this body, and he went out of office.
The present Commissioner is not responsible for
the state of things which renders this appropria-
tion necessary.
ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from Mary-
land will give way for a minute, I ask his permis-
sion to enable me to request the Senate to lay
aside this bill temporarily on account of a matter
which I hold in my hand, which is a bill of im-
portance to be acted on now in order that it may
be sent to the House of Representatives at once.
I have just received a letter from the Trcasuiy
Department, which I will read:
Treasury Department, February 7, 1862.
Sir: The condition of the Trea>uiy icqunes immediate
legislative provision What you «aid this morning leads mc
to think that the bili which pas.-cd the House ycstetdav will
hardly be acted upon by the Senate tins week. Until that
bill shail receive the final action of (Joules*;, it seem5? ad-
visable to extend the provision of the toimer acts so a-? to
allow the K>ue ot at lea^t^LO,0(30,000 in United States notes
ill addiaon to the £50 000,U00 heictofbic ant hoaxed. I tians-
mit a lull fiamcd with that object which will, 1 tiu^t, meet
your approval and that oi'Con^ie^s. immediate action on lr
Is cxceedinsiv deniable.
Yoais, tiui}, S. 1'. CIIASU.
Hon. William P. Fkss "ndkv,
Chuii man Committee Ftiiu.ice, Senate.
The bill is a very short one, and I will read it:
A Bill to authorize an additional i^sue of United States
note?.
Be it enacted, $c., That the fcjecietaiy of the Tica>ury, in
addition to th«$3u.u0l),iuo ot notes payable on demand, of
denominations not Ie-^ than lh-r> d->Uaw. Iicietoiore author-
tzed by the acts of Jnlv 17 and August 5,18(31. be and he is
heieby, authorized to jsmic Ukc noi".> and torlike pmpo-es
to the amount ot ^10,000,'Joi), which t-aid note^ diall he
deemed pait of the loan of#2a0,000,000 authotiz-d by said
acb.
I will state that this has just been received by
me. It has not been submitted to the Finance
Committee,* but the emergency is known to all.
The bill is simple and easily understood, and 1
presume there will be no objection to passing it
now. At all e\uiits, I ask the unanimous consult
ofihe Senate to enable me to introduce the bill
without notice, and to have it considered now.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to in-
troduce the bill (S. No. 190) to authorize an ad-
ditional issue of United States notes; and it was
read three rimes, and passi d.
CIVIL APPHOPIUATIOX BILL.
The consideration of the lull (H. II. No. 154)
mnang app. oprL ituni'--! for .vundiy «/ivil exp'-n.-ts
of the Government for th" year endue.: tl e 'joth
of June, 1S63, and additional appi opriations for
the year ending fhe 30th of June, 18G2, was re-
sumed as m Committee of the Whole, the pend-
45
mg question being upon the following amend-
ment: 9
For a deficiency on account of papering and painting the
Piuijideat'h House in the autumn ot 1601, $4,500.
Mr. PEARCE. I will now answer the inquiry
of the Senator from Minnesota. The Commis-
sioner cf Public Buildings says:
"An estimate is contained m estimates sentm (seepage
128, printed estimates) for deficiency on account of paint-
ing and papering the President*.-; Mouse in the summer and
autumn of 1861", $4,o00. This estimate has been cntuely
omitted in tiie appiopuation bill."
The sum of §6,000 was appropriated during
the last year for repairing and putting in order
the President's House, before his entry upon the
office. When the prcscmCommiseionorcamemto
office he found that the entire appropriation had
been exhausted, and that a considerable amount
of work had been done over and above what had
been appropriated. He says:
"The painting was done, by a wntten otder of the £oc
letaiyot tiie lntenoi, by Messis. Parker and Spauhhng;
and the paper was purchased and delivncd at the Picsi-
detuV House by Messrs. Cauyl & Co., of Philadelphia, by
the wntten oidei of \V S. Wood, E^q., my predecessor in
othce. The United States have the benefit of the Iaborand
m.iteiial, and the money is now due to the person* above
named. These aie the fact*, which 1 have felt it my duty
to state, and J lcspectfully submit the mattei to the justice
of the committee."
There is nothing further to be said aboutit than
that the President of the United States is evidently
incapable, in the midst of the multifarious and op-
pressive duties which call upon him, to pay atiy
personal attention to this expenditure of $6,000
for the repairs of the White House. I have seen
the house since the completion of the repaits, and
I do not think it is finished in a manner exces-
sively gaudy or expensive. The fact is not to be
denied that the appropriation lias been exceeded;
nor can it be denied that the officer under whose
direction this was done has not acted properly
He, however, is now out of office; we cannot get
at him. The money has been spent upon tiie
house; the appropriation has been exceeded; and
the question'with us isf whether we shall allow
this payment to be refused; whether the United
States, who are the owneis of the house, and who
are ceitainly as much interested as the President
himself in having the house properly repaired and
decorated, shall take the benefit of this expend-
iture and decline to pay the money. I hope the
Senate will allow it without any difficulty.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes nineteen,
noes not counted.
The next amendment was to insert, after that
just adopted:
To enable th" Cotnnn^ionei of Public Pudding t-> pnv
the lull ot William II. Cam! it Jiioth'T. lot Immune ioi
tiie 5'teMdfiit"* Iiuu-e, £G,£.~3 y(K
The amendment was agreed to:
Mr. PEARCE. I have an amendment to come
in at the end of the fnst section:
For suppoiL raie, mid medical ii'MUnent of fui<y tmn-
:-ient paiipe( medical and -ut jjiimI pate iit>, m - o ne pi opei
medical xn-Litu! ion in th>* ni} ol \Va^nm>t<.n. to In hoiecied
by the Commi—ioner ot Public Building, ^G,(!UU.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to the bill as an independent section:
Audio it fi'tlhcr enrtded. That 13 if Secretaiy of theTieas-
uiy be, and he i-1 heieby, auUioirsed and empowered to sell
the pioperry ot the United States m the city of iiuilinuion,
Iowa, upon which is flic Umied States mauno hospital,f;r>t
•riving thntv davs> notice ot the tune, place, anil fi-riie- ot
Talent if herbal! deem it motr expedient ioi the Govi rn-
inem to ictani the title to -.aid pmpeit}, that he he authoi-
lzeil to di-chaui'' all officer and-eivaut^ot the Government
connected theiewith. and to clo^e uie hospital.
I have only a single word to say in behalf of
this amendment. It proposes to sell or else to elo.se
an hospital in the town in which I live, wheic it
would be supposed that I would have some mtei-
est perhaps in keepmir up the cstuhhshin'mr, as the
who are appoint, d to njiice there my
iViends, n id have been appointed perhaps siiginly^
under my influence. But I will say that it is ot
no earthly benefit to the Government, and ought
to be abolish* d, and 1 want to avail myself of this
occasion to set an example of self-sacrifice, of dis-
interested patriotism to gentlemen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa if he knows how much
that building cost?
Mr. GRIMES. The buildingcost the Govern-
ment about sixteen thousand dollars and is kept
up at an expense of about two thousand three
hundred dollars a year. I know of only one per-
son who was ever in it as a legitimate patient,
although it has been in operation some time.
There may have been others, though, that I do
not know anything about.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Iowa that if he wishes to do any-
thing in reference to hospitals, it properly comes
in as an amendment to the bill where appropria-
tions are made for the support of hospitals. This
bill has no connection with anything of the sort,
as I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are in this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I would dircct the attention of
the Senator to the thirteenth page of the bill,
where it says:
For suppoitofpatients in the Government hospital, $5,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the Government
hospital m this city.
Mr. GRIMES. Which one? It is not the in-
sane hospital, for we have already made appro-
priations for that elsewhere. This relates just as
much to hospitals as any bill wc are likely to have
before us. .
Mr. COLLAMER. T would much prefer in
making sales hereafter of public, property, that,
to prevent combinations and arrangements among
purchasers, the Government should advertise to
receive written proposalswithoutmcn understand-
ing each other beforehand. It is not peculiar to
tins sale, but to all sales of the kind; I think
they should not be made privately, or by having
tods made upon the ground ore, tmus, by which
they understand each oilier, and can make all
sorts of combinations. I desire that proposals
may be invited, and that men shall put in written
bids.
Mr. PEARCE. There is a provision already
in this bill that carries out the idea of the Senator
from iowa. After appropriating for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen, there is a proviso which
is now in the bill, and was in the bill as it came
to us from the House of Representatives, in these
words:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Tioncury hereby
authonzed ro ient either of the several iiianne hospital* to
the pioper authoiities of the cities, towns, or counties in
which «a:d ho-pitaK aie located, and contiaet with such
nnthoi mes for the relief of the .-ick and disabled seamen
who aie entitled to lehef under the act of 3d of Ma}, 1802,
and in ea'-e- ol mteeuou- ch^ea^es to make bueli legulations
foi then relioJ as ho deems expedient.
I confess that for one, while I think many of
those marine hospitals arc entirely unnecessary,
and while it would be very proper to sell them
under ordinary circumstances, yet at present it
seems to me to be much more judicious that wo
should endeavor to rent them. If wc sell them
now we shall certainly not get the value for them.
If the information I have of the sales of property
ifi Iowa be true, the Government would hell it for
a song. We had better rent it, and make the best
terms we can undei the provision of the bill which
I have just read, leaving a sale to be provided for
at some future time.
Mr. GRIMES. If any gemlemaii here supposes
that I have any desire, or that any connected with
me has any desuv to secure this property for his
own special b.nufU, I beg have to say that such
is not th<' truth.
Mr. PFAIM-ft. T have not made the^enst sug-
gestion of the k:>id, and T wumiei that the Sena-
tor has made the lenia^k, foi 1 did not intimate
nnytboic; which conld be eonstrmd iefo it.
j\Ij*. GRIMES I know that: but I heard m-
t m> v ions e!se\v here that might lead one to sup-
I'pM' that something of the kind waj the cose.
Mr. PEARCE. ' I do not think the Senator is
capable ofany such thing.
Mr. GRIMES. This hospital was built by the
