1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2687
tary du ty : No, sir; the duty of an agent, a clerk, a
secretary of a boaid; not a military or a naval duty.
The President may employ him a month, and then
turn him out to grass. [Laughter.] Sir, I would
not take that power myself, if I were President,
and I would not give it to him or anybody else.
If you have officers in the Army sixty-two years
of age, who are physically or mentally unable to
discharge their duties, create a board of officers;
let (hem try tliem; let them examine their capacity
and decide upon it; but do not drop them by this
wholesale pioeeeding.
Hero is the case cfGeneral Ripley, who has been
an officer in the Army over foity-five years, and
yet there is not now an officer in the Ariny whose
services are more indispensable. You propose to
strike inni from the rolis, and give the President
power in his discretion to appoint him to some
subordinate position. I hope the House will not
adopt any such regulation.
This great outrage upon the Army was not, 1
think, duly considered by the Senate when it
sent us this bill. Nor do I think that the House
acted wisely when it refused to strike out this pro-
vision on the recommendation of the Committee
on Military Affairs. But I have done my duty;
I have submitted the motion to reconsider the vote
by which tho section was retained; 1 have called
the attention of the House to this matter, and I
now demand the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 ask to say a word
in reply.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. Then I withdraw the call
for the picvious question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, this
section does not bcai by any means the construc-
tion put on it by the gentleman from Kentucky.
The gentleman says that the President may assign
the retired officer to any duty. That is not in the
bill. The President may assign him to Ihe duty
of his rank, and when so assigned the officer is to
receive the pay and emoluments of his rank. I
do not hesitate to say to the House that a man
who has been in the Army for forty years, and
has reached the age ot sixty years, and the Pres-
ident of the United States does not know of any
great seivice that he has tendered, or that he is
capable of rendering, ought not longer to be boi no
upon the Army Register.
This section provides for the adoption of a gen-
eral rule, which 1 hope will be adopted, in refer-
ence to the officers of the Army. The same rule
has been already adopted in the Navy, and we
know the wonderful results it has worked for the
success, the honor, and the glory of the Navy.
The old officers of the Navy were permitted to re-
tire, and the young and vigorous officers to carry
on the operations (luring this wai, which have been
crowned with such signal successes. The old offi-
cers were retired, and young and vigorous ones
put in their places.
A Member. There was one exception.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. He was sixty years
of age; but he had retained his vigor and was ca-
pable of doing good work for the country. Aii
those who retain capacity and vigor will, as a gen-
eral rule, be retained in the service.
There can be no reasonable exception to the
adoption of this pi o vision. It establishes a general
rule. Retiring boards we all know to be hum-
bugs. I move that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The motion to lay upon the table wasngreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the third reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The next question is the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
agreed to the ninth amendment of the Committee
011 Military Alfaits, to strike out the following
section:
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That so much of the
fifth section of the aforesaid act, appioved July '33, ]£G1, a*?
allows foitv corns pet day foi iheuso and nsk of the hoi^es
of company officer^ oi cavalry be, and the same ib hereby,
repealed.
The motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
The previous question on the third reading of
the bill was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to move the following as a new
section to this hill:
Sec.—. Andbeit fin ther enacted, That all the regimental
chaplains now m the volunteer scivicl >hall be musteied
out within thirty day-, alter the passage of this aet, and the
office of regimental chaplain is hereby abolished. Instead
theieor, the office ot brigade chaplain is hereby created,
which shall be filled by the Picsident of the United States,
upon the recommendation of the majonry of the field and
company officers, ot each bsigade; s-aid brigade chaplains
vhail wear tiie uniform now pie^ertbed tor regimental chap-
lains, and each leceive a compensation of $iOO per month,
and one ration a day when on duty. The appointments of
chaplains to the Army hospitals heretofore made by the
Pi cedent of the United Stafe.-> arc hciebv approved, and the
chaplains so appointed «iiall be compensated lor their ser-
vices in the same manner as biigade chaplains.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I objcct.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYMENT OP CONVICTS.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
House will now resume the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
passed Senate joint resolution No. 86, regulating
the employment of the convicts in the peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia for their improve-
ment and benefit.
There was no objection; and the motion to re-
consider was agreed to; and then the House, on
motion, reconsidered the vote by which the bill
was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a statement to the House in reference to the
pending resolution, ll contains a provision in re-
lation to the volunteers in the service of the United
States, who have, by sentence of courts-martial,
been sent to the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia. The snine subject was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions by
the llouseto report a bill for the discharge of such
volunteers and the pievention of like imprison-
ment, on like sentence, by like tribunals. I am
instructed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
move that action on the section of this bill re-
lating to this subject shall be postponed until that
committee may be enabled to report to the House,
so that there may be uniformity of legislation.
Mr. DAWES. 1 suggest tli' at wo can arrive at
this matter by reconsidering the vote by which
we refused to strike out the third section of the
bill which relates to the imprisonment of volun-
teers in the penitentiary of the District of Colum-
bia under orders of courts-martial. Since the
matter has been referred to the Committee on the
Judiciaiy, I think it pioper for us to wait until
they bring in a bill which will reach the objcct
sought to be accomplished by the vote of the
House yesterday, lefusing to strike out this third
section, more effectually than it can he done by
retaining the section in the present bill. At the
same time it will hardly be proper to delay the
passage of the other sections of the bill until we
have matured a section for the discharge of the
volunteers incarcerated in the penitentiary of the
District of Columbia. I move, theiefore, to re-
considci the vote by which the House lefusedto
strike out the section of the bill indicated. 1 do it
for tho purpose of letting the other sections of the
hill become law, as 1 understand that they are
very necessary, with theassurance that theobjects
sought in the third section will be speedily pro-
vided for in a bill to be reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DELANO. I congratulate the House on
the icsnlt of its sober second thought.
Mr. DAWES. In reply to that suggestion of
my colleagui', I will state that I prefer to confide
the maturing of a law on this subject rather to the
Committeeon theJudiciarythan to tlie Committee
for the District of Columbia.
The motion to reconsider was agieed to; and
then, the question being taken, the third section
was stricken out of the joint resolution.
The resolution, as amended, was ordered to a
third reading; and was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsidei the vote by
which the icsolution was passed; and also moved
that tlie motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House rhatthe time allotted to the committee
under the icsolution adopted yesterday, within
which they are to report upon the subject of the
imprisonment of volunteers, shall be extended.
Wo arc now required to report a bill to-morrow,
and 1 ask that the resolution be amended so as to
read, " that wc may report at any time."
Mr. DAWES. Anytime is a great way* ahead.
Mr. DELANO. I ask for the reading of the
resolution which was adopted on yesterday.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
ptiucted to report to the House, on Friday morning next, a
bill providing that courts-martial shall not hereafter sen-
tence to tiie penitential y any person for an otfense against
military law, and providing 1'or the discharge of the per-
sons now held in the penitentiary by virtue of commitments
made by such courts for offenses not made infamous by the
common law.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the Committeeon the
Judiciary will be able to report one way or the
other next Tuesday. I have no idea that they
can report at an earlier day.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire that the
committee should be vested with power, uncon-
trolled, over the whole subject-matter.
Mr, DA\yES. The gentleman from Missouri
will bear in mind that the whole matter is already
before them by virtue of a reference made to them
this morning.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This resolution
instructs the committee to report a bill upon a day
certain, and m that matter they have no more dis-
cretion than the soldier has who is bound to obey
tho command of his superior officer.
Mr. DAWES. True, so far as that resolution
is concerned, but not true so far as their jurisdic-
tion is concerned, because jurisdiction of the whole
subjectwas given them this morning when certain
papers were referred to them.
The question was put; and the committee were
allowed to report at any time upon the subject
referred to them.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the call of committees for business
pertaining (o the District of Columbia.
DISTRICT PENITENTIARY, ETC.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that tho House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
forthepurposeof takingup the business connected
with the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stratton in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first question m
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
470, being a bill to authorize the Secretaiy of the
Interior, in conjunction with the Mayors of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, to contract for the con-
struction of a penitentiary, jail,and house of cor-
rection for tlx; District of Columbia.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Chairman, at the time
when the committee rose last evening, 1 expressed
my desne that this bill, which involves a very
considerable appropriation, should be considered
by the House when it was full, and not at that
late hour of the day when wc are all impatient
of i he duties of legislation. This bill docs involve
an appropnation of $100,000, and only that. It
is a bill which contemplates the building of a new
jail for the District of Columbia, as also a peni-
tentiary for the same District.
The Committee on the District have not taken
this matter up as a fancy occupation because they
had nothing else to do. Of that I hardly need as-
sure the House. We have investigated the sub-
ject because from almost the very fiist day of the
present session, certainly since the 4th day of
December last, they have been acting under the in-
structions of this I louse—instructionsgi ven them
not under one resolution or order of the House
merely, but under seveial such resolutions and
orders, directing them to inquireinto the condition
of these seveial institutions of the District. We
could not do otherwise, therefore, in deference t>>
the judgment and instructions of the House, than
to inquire as caiefully and as thoioughly as we
knew how, into the subjcct committed to us, and
to report upon it.
So if it seems untimely that wc, at this time of
all others, report a bill which involves so largo an
appropriation, and at this stage of the; session
urge the passage of such a bill, let it be considered
