2688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
that the House is more responsible than the com-
mittee for the recommendations in question.
Mr. p. A. CONKLINO. If the gentleman will
permit me, I wish to ask him whether the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia is satisfied that
the appropriation proposed in this bill will suffice
to accomplish the objects designated.
Mr. DELANO. I will say that it will, and be-
fore I get through I shall endeavor to satisfy the
House perfectly upon that point.
Mr. P. A. CONICLINGr. I will inquire if the
gentleman will permitan amendment to be offered
to the last section of the bill, providing that the
sum in the bill appropriated shall be made to com-
plete this buildihg.
Mr. DELANO. I most certainly will, because
I intend to show before I get through that that is
one of the very things carefully contemplated in
the plan and limitations of the bill.
As I have already said, the Committee for the
District of Columbia has, by three several resolu-
tions, felt itself compelled to go into an inquiry as
to what could be done in behalf of the District of
Columbia as respects the erection not only of a
new jail, but of a penitentiary. The first resolu-
tion referred to the committee was referred,I be-
lieve, on the 4th of December last; the second by
another member of the House on the 9th of De-
cember last; and the third, followingup what was
regarded as an urgent necessity, on the 11th of
December; and from that time to this the com-
mittee have set themselves in good earnest to see
whether there could beany improvement in the ex-
isting establishments, or wheLlier it was necessary
to construct anew and on other sites both of those
institutions, in order to give to the District such
punitiye facilities as the present condition of so-
ciety here requires.
1 need not remind this House that in the Dis-
trict of Columbia there is a population of some
seventy-live thousand. 1 need not remind it that
tile District jnil has been time and again not only
the subject of comment and denunciation by mem-
bers and committees of this House, but that it has
been presented again and again by the grand juries
of the District as a nuisance. I need not say that
gentlemen of this House who have resorted thither
for the purpose of exploring its precincts, have
returned here with resolutions of inquiry and in-
structions, to consider the expediency of building
something more in keeping with the pretensions
of the capital of the nation. I will, therefore, not
dwell longer upon the subject of the jail for the
District of Columbia. I doubt not every gentle-
man of the House who has visited the existing
establishment is prepared to say, as I am prepared
to say, that it is a disgrace to a civilized age.
There is another object contemplated by this
bill,and that is theestablishment ofapenitentiary.
I think it will be obvious to every member of the
House that if there is an equal necessity for build-
ing a new penitentiary that exists for building a
new jail, that now is the time, looking at the mat-
ter in an economical point of view, for building
both as a part of one and the same plan , and under
one and the same contract. At least such is the
view of the committee. And not only are they
satisfied of this, but they in this judgmentaresus- ,
tained by the concurrent judgment of the War :
Department, the Navy Department, anil the Inte- |
rior Department. It will he remembered that other j
committees have made reports heie ibis session to j
the effect tl*at it was necessary that the peniten- '
tiary, which is now immediately contiguous to !
the arsenal, should be discharged of its inmates ;
and appropriated to arsenal uses. The War De- i
partmcnt have expressed to us their wishes in that1
regard. They have said that the present accom- j
modations of the arsenal are not equal to the wants j
of the scrvice, and they have asked, through the 1
Committee on Public Buildings, for permission to !
use the penitentiary for pmpuses of stouge. I
I will not detain the committee any longer on ;
this point than to say that this is not the judg- j
mentof a single Department only. It is tile judg- ;
ment of the War and of the Navy Dt ipartments. j
The interior Department also luis had this subject i
underconsideration; and theyareall unanimously 1
agiecd that the inmates of the present penitentiary .
should be removed, and that the building shall be i
appropriated to the general uses of an arsenal. i
I thus start, Mr. Chairman, with the assump- J
tion that there is an admitted necessity not only
of a new jail, but of a new penitentiary not less. I
Now, sir, as to the plan; and here the bill shows
that the committee, after consulting with archi-
tects, have concluded to combine the jail and pen-
itentiary within the same general plan. It will
beobvious, I think, to every member of the House
that if these improvements are to be made, they
can be made in combination more economically
than each one can be projected independently of
the other.
The proposition of the committee, which they
ask the House to adopt by the passage of the bill
now before us, is to build these institutions upon
reserved lands of the Government, that they shall
be surrounded by a common wall, and that they
shall all be under a common supervision and com-
mon regulations and a common government. In
that way, as we are prepared to demonstrate, the
expenditure which will be necessary for the pur-
pose of accomplishing these purposes-, will be
much less than it would be if we were to erect
them in separate localities and at different times.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether, in case this build-
ing is erected, the probability is that Marshal La-
raon will be allowed to go in and take charge of it?
Mr. DELANO. I cannot say as to that. I
understand that Marshal Lamon is an officer from
the great North'west, from which my friend comes.
Mr. POTTER. He does not belong to my
State, thank God!
Mr. ALDRICH. Nor to mine.
Mr. VOORIiEES. He belongs to as good a
State as any that is represented in this House, and
he is a man of as high honor as can be found upon
this floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. He belongs to the
State of Illinois.
Mr. DELANO. I have nothing to say about
Marshal Lamon or any other officer of the District,
orof the present management of any of these insti-
tutions. I shall simply ask the House to consider
whether there is a necessity for a new jail and pen-
itentiary here in this District; and if so, make
provision for them.
Such, then, sir, is the general plan. Now, then,
how is it proposed to accomplish it? In the first
place, tins bill appropriates $200,00U for the build-
ing of both these institutions. The question of
appropriating half that sum for one of those ob-
jects—building a jail for the Distiict—has been
aheady before the IIousc in the shape of an amend-
ment appended by the Senate to one of the appro-
priation bills, and the House rejected that amend-
ment. I wish to call the attention of the commit-
tee to a consideration of the reasons on which that
amendment was rejected. It was attacked on the
ground that the Government had been long enough
making appropriations for the District of Colum-
bia, and that the time had come when that policy
should cease. It was said then, and is said to-
day, that the District of Columbia is a parasite
or mendicant feeding on the charity of the Gov-
ernment, and that it is high time a new system
should be adopted, and the seventy-five thousand
inhabitants of the District taught that it is their busi-
ness and their duty to take care of themselves and
to provide and foster their public institutions at
their own expense. Now, I have one word to say
on this point. 1 have said that this amendment
of the Senate, ingrafting on an appropriation bill
$100,000 for the single purpose of building a new
jail in the District, was stricken out by this House
on the reasons suggested. Are those reasons sub-
stantial, sir, or arc they not founded largely on
prejudice ? I feel it my duty to say that 1 regard
them as involving a most uncharitable view of the
present relations of the District to Congress and
to the country.
It seems to me that \vc are taking not only a
selfish buta mostdistorted view of these relations,
when we assume that this city and the other mu-
nicipalities of the District stand on the same foot-
ing of cities and towns elsewhere, and under our
ordinary State governments. We should bear m
mmrl that at the time this Distncf was located
and laid out, it was never intended that any mu-
nicipal corporation witimi the District should be
held to pay its own expenses. If we recur to the
history of the original establishment of the Dis-
trict, we will find that it was one of the chief ob-
jects of Congress to keep within its own control
and direction the entire municipal policy and ex-
penditure. We shall find that, instead of leaving
it to the authorities of the city of Washington, or
of the city of Georgetown, or of the District of
Columbia, the entire business of laying out the
land, locating the public institutions, and determ-
ining everything that concerned the general wants
of the citizens, was carefully kept from the muni-
cipal authorities, and confined to the authorities
constituted by act of Congress.
At the very outset, before there were five thou-
sand * inhabitants within the then District, the
whole business of laying out these avenues and
streets was committed to commissioners appointed
by the President under the authority of Congress,
while not only that but every kindred power was
withheld from any agents of the local and inferior
municipalities. The commissioners went on and
projected these avenues and streets on a scale
which made this city of " magnificent distances"
a by-word. At the very start there were some
sixty miles of avenues and streets projected and
laid out in this city of only a few hlmdred inhabit-
ants. The commissioners appointed by Congress
located the avenues in their own way, from one
hundred and twenty to one hundred and sixty
feet in width, and the cross streets from eighty to
one hundred and forty-seven feet in width, aver-
aging about ninety feet, making it necessary, of
course, that all these avenues and streets should
be supported by somebody. Now, such being
the policy of Government from the very origin ot"
the city to the present time, I ask the House if it
is right to impose the burden of taking care ot
these streets, and also of providing these public
institutions, upon these municipalities within the
District, when it was intended confessedly that
the whole subject should be within the control ot
Congress, and of agents appointed by Congress;
and when, down to this time, at least, Govern-
ment has never asked the cities of the District to
maintain public works or institutions like those
proposed by this bill.
This is not, sir, the first time that Congress has
been called upon to build a jail in this District.
At a very early period after the organization ot
the District, Government built a jail over on the
other side of the river, in Alexandria, which then
formed a portion of the District. That institution
was built exclusively by appropriations made by
Congress. Since thattime wehave also builtajail
in this city, and that, too, was builtexclusively by
appropriations made by Congress. And not only
were these two institutions built by the Govern-
ment, but the present penitentiary, also, was built
by Government, by appropriations made from
time to time exclusively by Congress.
Now, sir, I recite these facts and review this
history of the legislation for the District on that
subject simply for the purpose of meeting the prej-
udice which has been excited by gentlemen on
this floor against this practice of making dona-
tions to these cities. Having always appropriated
heretofore for these public objects, the only ques-
tion is, shall we now stop altogether, or shall we
contrive some plan of dividing the expenditure
between Congress and the municipalities of the
District? I need hardly say, after the remarks
which I have already made, that although I have
a decided conviction that there should be no great
amount of taxes imposed upon the Distiict at the
present time, yet I do think that, situated as we
now are, and in view of the manner in which
these vaiious institutions aie erected and main-
tained in our northern cities, it is time that we
should begin at least a system of apportionment
of those expenditures for public objects upon these
seventy-five thousand inhabitants who reside
within what is now the District of Columbia.
This brings me at once to the apportionment of
this expenditure which this bill proposes. The
bill proposes, on the most careful estimate that
we have baen able to obtain, under plans fur-
nished to us by architects who are experts in this
matter, and who are familiar with all the model
institutions of the country, an expenditure of
$200,000, and half of that amount shall be as-
sumed by the Government, and the other half by
the various municipalities of the District.
My judgment, Mr. Chairman, speaking as an
individual, is that the proportion imposed on the
District is too large; but the committee thought
differently. My idea is that Congress should ap-
propriate $150,000 at least toward these two insti-
tutions, and that it would be more just to impose
on the District a contribution of $50,000 only.
Still it is enough for me to say that the Commit-
