1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
3fail Gong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Hanchett.
Ho. of Reps.
rection and treason have as yet succeeded in dis-
solving that fabric of free confederate Government
established by the men of the Revolution. The
Union, as formed by them, still exists; and to
preserve its existence we are now struggling.
We seek not to create or organize new govern-
ments, nor to overtbow any that have hitherto
existed; but only to preserve the present in all its
parts in full and complete vigor; to sustain thejust
power and constitutional supremacy of the Fed-
eral Government; ana to preserve all the consti-
tutional rights of the respective States, united
by a common bond of the highest solemnity and
force within the competency of human enactments.
We make no war upon or against States, but
against individuals of every State or district who
defy and seek to destroy the Government of the
United States. To that end the war should be
prosecuted, until this unholy rebellion is utterly
crushed out, until not a single traitor shall be left
in arms or go unpunished, unless he be saved in
the folds of a gracious amnesty.
But while such is the purpose of this war on
our part, forced upon the loyal peopleof theUnion
by the wicked conspirators against its peace and
integrity, the Government has not merely the right
to subdue the rebellion, but so to prosecute the
war, in view of its origin, as to remove, so far as
may be, the causes on which its rise and progress
depend. Whether the Government shall do so is
merely a question of policy, not of constitutional
power.
In the present deplorable condition of the coun-
try, considering the great strength and enormous
. proportions of the treasonable combinations which
now assail the Government and seek its destruc-
tion, those charged with its preservation, in order
to understand and appreciate the strength of the
Government and its powers, are turned by the
logic of necessity to a careful consideration of the
elements which enter into and form the very basis
of its structure. When we do this, we snail be
able to meet and correctly solve the questions
before us.
Mr. Speaker, from the beginning of this un-
happy struggle to the present time we have heard
almost every hour loud and loyal utterances in
behalf of the Union. We read in the daily press
encomiums upon the Union. We are told that we
are fighting for the Union. What Union do gen-
tlemen mean? Of what Union does the press so
lavishly give expression to its admiration and de-
votion > Does all this mean the union of the North
or northern States against the South or southern
States? No. Sir, 1 suppose it to mean the union
ofall the States forming the great confederate Gov-
ernment of the United States—a Government insti-
tuted by States and the people thereof,and endowed
with all the power necessary for its own preserva-
tion against internal and external enemies.
It has been more than intimated upon this floor
that in order to subdue the rebellion, and secure
the permanent supremacy of the Constitution and
laws of the United States, it is absolutely neces-
sary to blot out the political existence of the sev-
eral States comprising the district of country
where treason and rebellion are, for the time, in
the ascendency.
It has been said in this House that—
"The rebels have demanded a < reconstruction' on the
basi^ of slavery; Jet us give them a ' reconstruction' on the
basis oPfreedom. Let us eonveit the rebel States into con-
queieil piovmces, remanding them to the status of mere
Territaries, and governing them as such in our discretion."
Unjust as this proposition practically executed
would be toward the loyal citizens in the States
wherein insurrection prevails, and whose voices
have been drowned in the wild waves of seces-
sion which have rolled over them, it would also,
in my judgment, be the death blow to our cher-
ished system of confederate Government. You
cannot degrade a State to the condition of a Ter-
ritory or conquered province without violating the
fundamental principles of that system. A State
may decline or forego for a time her privileges in
the Union by refusing or neglecting to exercise
them, and Federal authority within her limits may
require to be maintained by Federal power, but
her constitutional status must remain unchanged,
or the whole fabric of Union is subverted. 1 un-
derstand others to take the same view of the sub-
ject, going a little further, perhaps, and intimating
New Series—No. 14.
that the Government must repudiate the respons-
ibilities of the Union in regard to the rebellious
States " which it imposes upon itself."
These views, it seems to me, are quite as sub-
versive of the principles of the Constitution and
Government as secession itself. Indeed, sir, they
are based upon the very doctrines of secession,
because they necessarily admit that the Union is
already dissolved by the voluntary withdrawal of
several States, and accordingly propose to treat
such States as no longer of the Union.
The Federal Government depends for its very
existence, not upon the loyal men here and there
in different localities, but upon the maintained
rights and constitutional status of the individual
States and Union supremacy over all—the latter
in nowise derogatory to the former, but both com-
pleting the circle of federative Government, and
realizing the great idea of the fathers of the Re-
public. When this war shall have been brought
to a successful close, if any State shall have been
shorn of her rights or shall have declined from
her proud position among the sisterhood of the
great Republic, it will be caused by the mad,
wicked, and suicidal action of her own degenerate
sons, and I hope in nowise occasioned by the
policy,conduct, or usurpation of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Sir, it is as essential to the very ex-
istence and supremacy of the Government, as
formed by our fathers, that the respective States
shall be preserved in all the amplitude of their
powers, integral and intact, as it is to put down
the rebellion itself; for without this there can be
no Union, and consequently no such Government
as our fathers established. There may be, indeed,
a Government based upon a union of a portion
of the States only, but such is not the system in-
augurated by the Constitution; and to admit it
would be to admit that the rebellion was success-
ful, and that we are now to establish, not a recon-
structed, but an altogether new Government. This
I will never admit.
What, sir, would have been the condition of
the Government when rebellion first raised its de-
fiant crest if it had not had the loyal States of the
Noith and Northwest to call to its support, en-
dowed with powers adequate to the emeigency
they were required to meet? The Federal Treas-
ury bankrupt, its armories and arsenals despoiled
and depleted, its arnfties strewed in squads or bat-
talions all over the vast territory of the Union, and
its Navy dispersed to the distant quarters of the
globe, and treason itself creeping out in almost
every district of the country and Department of
the Gfovernment. Then it was that the loyalty
of these States spake with the authority of their
own, and not only hushed the voice of treason at
home, but raised, armed, and sent forth their le-
gions of freemen to the defense of the nation and
its capital. Although, in common parlance, we
speak of disloyal States, we use this language
rather to indicate the district of territory where
rebellion is most rife, than to convey the idea that
the State itself, in its organism, is disloyal. It
may be that a majority of the people in the terri-
tory of a given State are disloyal; it may be that
the public functionaries arc traitors to their State
as well as the United States; but a State cannot
go out of the Union and remain the State it was
before; for as the Constitution of the United States
is apart of the constitution and laws of each State,
and subordinates the provisions of the latter to the
conceded supremacy of the former, compacting
and harmonizing both, the destruction of the one
necessarily rends the other. If you expurgate
from the constitution of a State the principles,
doctrines, and inhibitions of the Constitution of
the United States, you thereby not only radically
change the State constitution and revolutionize the
State government, but you also violate the Con-
stitution of the United States, and break down
and destroy the whole political system inaugurated
by that instrument. And this is evident from the
fitful struggles of Virginia, and other southern
States which have tried to secede, to reorganize
their municipal systems, and to organize another
confederacy, to which they may attach themselves
and be at rest. It is to restore the people of these
States to their political rights, to protect the States
which their leaders are endeavoring to destroy, to
restore them to all their constitutional rights in
the Union, and give rest, peace, and security to
their agitated, maddened, and affrightened popu-
lation, as well as to maintain the constitutional
power and authority of the Union over all the
States, and preserve the political creed of our
fathers, that we prosecute this war. Talk of sub-
jugating States! Sir, we cannot do this without
subjugating ourselves. As well might we talk of
subjugating the Supreme Court or any other co-
ordinate department of the Government. But we
can subjugate traitors, and that we ought to do,
and thus restore our unfortunate sister States to
the home of their youth.
Mr. Speaker, thesystem ofgovernment founded
by our lathers, which has shed its blessings not
only upon their descendants, but equally upon the
stranger, the homeless, and the exile, is solemnly
given us in charge to defend, protect, and preserve.
It is worthy ofall sacrifices which its emergencies
may require. It is the only Government ever
founded upon the great principles of human equal*
ity. The liberty of Rome was for the Romans
only; the liberties ofancientGreece were confined
to the Grecians alone. But American liberty is
the rightful, God-given heritage of man, not be-
cause lie is an American citizen, but because he
is a man; because it is the birthright of man, born
equal in all that respects civil rights to his brother
man, Hence this Govern merit commands the sym-
pathies of mankind, appealing to their hopes, and
promising a realization of their aspirations; and
so long as it is true to the vital principles of its
organization, so long will it enjoy the favor of
the God of truth. Hut in so far'as it voluntarily
departs from that principle, it will provoke the
anger of God, and forfeit the blessings of His
providence. If we fail to sustain and preserve
this Government upon the principles of justice,
liberty, and equality—and upon no other prin-
ciples can it be preserved—the last hope of free
government on earth will expire with our failure,
and the rising dignity of mnn will again recede
to the conditions of despotism, degrading and
barbarous alike to the despots/and their victims;
for government, like individuals, must conform
to natural laws, prospering and progressing in
proportion to their observance; suffering and re-
trograding upon puisistent violation.
Mr. Speaker, sve have two great sources from
which we discover and arc enabled to apply the
principles upon which this Government is organ-
ized—the one the Declaration of Independence,
and the other the Constitution of the United States
—the former declaratory of the principles of free,
equal, and just government; the latter reducing
them to systematic, regular, and authoritative ap-
plication—the former declaring that all men are
created free and equal; the latter prescribing the
rules by which'that freedom and equality shall
be practically enjoyed and permanently secured.
These are the great lights which our fathers have
hung up to illuminate our pathway—the guides
for the legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments of the Government. We need none other.
They are ample for all our purposes. The chosen
people of God had their pillars of cloud by day
and of fire by night by which the hosts of Israel
marched to their land of promise. We have the
Declaration of Independence and the Constitution
of the United States—the two great pillars of our
Government, sufficient for our guidance in coun-
sel or in camp, in peace or in war. To these the
nation must cling for support, notto.the one only, but
to both, under all circumstances and in all emergen-
cies. Because, if in puttingdown the rebellion, we
outrage or violate the Constitution and the fun-
damental principles of the Government, we shall
find ourselves accomplishing the same result which
the rebels seek. If, when the rebels shall have
been subdued, we shall emerge from the surges of
civil discord with a bioken Constitution, a revo-
lutionized and subverted Government, we shall
have poured out our blood and treasure to a fell
purpose. If, on the other hand, we crush the re-
bellion and still maintain the Constitution and the
system of Government inauguated thereby, we
shall present for the admiration of mankind the
most sublime spectacle of free Government the
world ever saw.
The Declaration of Independence is not less
essential to a complete exposition of our institu-
tions than is the Constitution of the United States.
To perpetuate the principles solemnly declared in
