1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Colfax, Due)!, Dunn, Fessenden, Goodwin, Grider, Hale,
HutcbinSjMcKnigh^MePherson^Moorhead, Nixon, Noell,
Olin, Paitoi), Timoihv (*. Pheipz, Riddle, Sheffield, Sloan,
Stratton, Voorbees, Wiialey, Albert S. White, and Wor-
cester—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Baker,
Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buffin-
tonj Oalveit, Casey, Clements, Frederick A. Conklmg,
Roscoe Conklin?, Covode, Crisfield, Davis, Delano, Dun-
lap, Edwards, Ehot, Ely, Frank, Granger, Haight, Hall,
Harding, Harrison, Johnson, Julian, Keiley, Law, Lazear,
Leary, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Anton P. Morrill, Jus-
tin S. iHorriJJ, Noble, Notion, Nugen, Pike, Porter, John
H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Sheliabarger, Shiel, Smith,
John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Trimble, Vailandigham, Wall, E. P. Walton,Ward, Cliilton
A. White, Woodruff, and Wright—6*2.
So the bill was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. GRIDER stated that Mr. Menzies, not
"being well, whs absent from the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM statedth^t Mr. Pen-
dleton was called home in consequence of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, said Mr. Sargent
was absent from the House in consequence of
sickness.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING said that Mr.
Sedgwick received tidings yesterday of a very
sad casualty in his family, and went home.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Wallace
had gone home on account of sickness in liis
family. •
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, stated that Mr.
Delano had paired with Mr. Pendleton.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. PORTER. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was defeated, for the purpose
of having an amendment proposed to it. I learn
that many members voted against the bill who
would have voted for it but for the fact that it
was retrospective in its operation.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. NOELL moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 51, nays 43; ns follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph U.uly, Biddle,
Jacob B. fil.ur, Blake, William G. Brown, Btiflinton, Cal-
vcMt, Clements, Fredenek A. Couklin^, Ros-coe Colliding,
Covode, Ousfield, Davte, Dunlap, Edw.uds, Eliot, Ely,
Franchot, Frank, Haiglit, Hall, Harding, Julian, Law,
Laxear, Leary, Lclunan, Lootms, Lovejoj, Mitchell, An-
son 1'. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Noble, Norton, Ntigen,
Pike, Price, John II. Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, tfliicl,
Smith, John B. Steele, Francis Thomas, Vailandigham,
E. P. Walton, Ward, Chilton A, White, Woodturt', and
Wright—51.
NAYS—Messrs. AUlrlch, Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Fran-
cis P. Blair, Chainberlm, Colfax, Cutler, Duel!, Dunn, Fes-
senden, Goodwin, Grander, Grider, Hale, Hanehett, Har-
rison, Huteluns", Johnson, Keiley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Landing, McICniirht, McPherson, Moorhead, Nixon, Noell,
Olin, P;iUon, Tjmoihy C. Phelp*, Porter, Potter, Riddle,
Sheffield, Sheil.ibaiger, Sloan, Stiaiton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Trimble.Train, Trovvbiulge, Voorhees, Whaley,
and Albert S. White—43.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
REFUNDING OF MONEY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire the consent of the
House to repot tu private bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary, for the purpose of putting it on
ita passage. The bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judicary both in this and in the last
Congress, and it has been reported favorably upon
in each instance. The purpose of the bill is to
refund to two citizens of the State of New York
the sum of $400, which they paid into the Treas-
ury, in consequence of the defalcation of a post-
master, under protest.
There bein<£ no objection,
Mr. BINGHAM leported back a bill of the
House for the relief of the sureties of George Mar-
shall, late postmaster at Valatie, New York.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to state that the Post
Office law expressly requires that the Postmaster
General shall put in suit the bond of a defaulting
postmaster after his first quarter's default. Now,
sir, in this instance the evidence before the com-
mittee was that not only was the defalcation of
tin's postmaster permitted for one quarter with-
out notice, but it continued for seven consecutive
quarters before suit was brought upon the bond;
and at that time the defaulting postmaster had
runaway and his office was vacant. These two
parties who were the sureties, by the advice of
their counsel, late a member of this House, (Mr.
Reynolds,) did not plead the failure to comply
with the law on the part of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, but-paid the money into the Treasury under
protest.
I desire to say that this bill includes the defal-
cation for the last five quarters, leaving the other
two quarters not included.
I will only remark further, that if this were a
transaction between two private citizens, the very
fact of the defalcation being allowed to go on after
due notice had been given by the parties would
have been a bar in action in any court of justice
on the face of the earth. The bill simply returns
the money paid by them without interest.
I call the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to say a word on this
bill, if the gentleman will permit me.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 withdraw the demand for
the previous? question.
Mr. COLFAX. By the Post Office laws the
sureties of a postmaster arc* responsible for his
conduct, not only during the whole period he is
in office, but for two years afterwards.
Now, what I desire particularly to ascertain is
that this is not such a bill as shall be a precedent
in all future cases of defalcation, Itis pretty hard
to collectmoney now from sureties. If this is an
exceptional case, there may be some merit in it.
I know nothing about it, but if it is one of the
general cases of defalcation, it would be a very
dangerous bill to pass.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is most decidedly an ex-
ceptional case. The evidence shows that the sure-
ties were vigilant in notifying the Department of
the defalcation, but no attention was paid to them.
It was, as I have stated, such a case as, if it had
been a transaction between private parties, no
court of justice would have ever rendered a judg-
ment against these sureties. That provision is
this: in case any postmaster shall neglect to ren-
der his accounts and pay over the receipts at the
end of every three months, it is the duty of the
Postmaster General to take notice of that fact.
The proof shows that instead of giving this no-
tice to the sureties, he allowed these defalcations
to run through seven consecutive quarters. These
men paid $480. Eighty dollars was afterwards re-
reiutncd to them because ofan error that was made.
The committee propose to refund to them #400,
and no more. Now, I say that the Postmaster Gen-
eral who would repeat this neglect ought to be
impeached of malfeasance or misfeasance in office.
I do not know to whom this remark would apply.
I do not know whether the Postmaster General
at the time repeated this'neglect of the clear in-
junction of the law.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Arc the facts such
as would constitute an offense as between indi-
viduals ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. I differ with the gentleman
from Ohio in the construction of the law. One
trouble about these defalcations is this: the funds
do not go into the treasury of the Department,
but they go into the general Treasury. The ac-
counts are audited by the Sixth Auditor of the
Treasury, and going from one Depaitment to
another, a case of defalcation may sometimes be
oveilooked. I suppose that was the case in this
instance. If a postmaster is suspected, it is the
practice of the Department to draw upon him at
once.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is this provision for drawing
upon deputy postmasters of recent origin?
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Every item is setout in these
accounts. For seven consecutive quarters this de-
falcation was permitted to go unnoticed by the
Postmaster General, and I think that these parties
ought to have this money refunded to them. I
am glad, however, to see that the gentleman from
Indiana is jealous of the administration of the
Post Office Department.
Mr. COLFAX. The only objection that I make
to this bill is, that it may be drawn into a prece-
dent. There is now a great deal of trouble in col-
lecting from defaulting postmasters—more trouble
than there is in collecting from any other persons.
You have to go through the formality of a suit in
cases of three dollars, ten dollars, and so on, up
to one hundred dollars.
FORT PULASKI.
Mr. ELY, I ask the Clerk to read the follow-
ing dispatch, which 1 have received from the Sec-
retary of War.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Port Royal, South Carolina,
(Via Sandy Hook, New Jersey,) Jlpril 18.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secrctury of War:
We opened our batteries on Foir Pulaski on the morn-
ing of the 10th. After thirty houis continuous firing a practi-
cable breach was made, and preparations for stoiming about
to commence, when the rebel ring was struck. We have
captured forty-seven guns, seven thousand shot and shell,
forty thousand pounds of powder, three hundred and sixty
piisoners, with their small arms and aceouieniienta, and a
good supply of provisions. One of our men killed, notone
wounded. DAVID HUNTER,
Major General Commanding.
And then, on motion of Mr. ANCONA, (at half
past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 21,1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
AFRICAN COLONIZATION.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, I desire to present
the memorial of Joseph E. Williams and others,
free persons of color, praying that the Congress
of the United States may provide certain territo-
ries without the limits of the United States, in
Central America or elsewhere, for the coloniza-
tion of the free colored population of the United
States; and with the permission of the Senate I
will state very briefly the objects sought to be ac-
complished by the memorialists. While I do not
believe that the free colored population have all
or any considerable portion of the rights of citi-
zenship under the Constitution and Jaws of the
United States, with me their right to petition is
sacred. This subject derives a peculiar import-
ance from the present position of our affairs. It
is obvious to every one that by the march of our
armies, and by the confiscation of the property of
rebels, a large number of persons are to be man-
umitted, necessarily and inevitably. When these
slaves shall be free, either one of three courses
must be adopted in reference to them: they must
be reenslaved, or colonized,or apprenticed where
they now are. They never can be reenslaved.
It is at war with the genius and spirit of our insti-
tutions and against the enlightened public opinion
of the whole civilized world. The United States
can never become either a slave dealer or slave
owner. Confiscation of the property of rebels
then implies necessarily the freedom of the slaves;
and either a judicious system of apprenticeship
must be resorted to by which they shall be under
the guardianship of certain persons until they are
qualified to take care of themselves and fitted for
the enjoyment of freedom, or they arc to be col-
onized, and colonized beyond the limits of the
United States, and no pointbetter adapted to their
colonization suggests itself to me than Central
America.
I know that in times past objections have been
urged against the right of colored persons to peti-
tion. The right of petition comes to usfiomour
British ancestors. It had its origin in the earliest
dawn of free institutionsamong the Anglo-Saxons,
j It is a right which has been asserted under every
form of government, in every country and m every
age of the world. The most despotic and abso-
lute Government of Asia has permitted this light of
petition, and there is no human creature so hum-
ble that he may not petition. The very fact that
lie is debased and ignorant and downtrodden and
oppressed is the strongest possible reason why he
should be permitted to petition the powerful for
justice and protection. The right of petition is
one of the most important agencies in the divine
economy for the redemption of the world. The
right of petition should be held sacred.
Then the object sought to be accomplished by
their petition is one in which I deeply sympathize,
and the course suggested meets my hearty con-
currence and approbation. Not only will slaves
be manumitted by the march of your armies and
by the confiscation of the pioperty of rebels, but
under the act which you have lately passed for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia
some fifteen or eighteen hundred slaves have been
set free, and if you carry out efficiently the pro-
