810
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
31th Cong. .. ..2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Hanchett.
Ho. of Reps.
the one and -to preserve the framework inaugu-
rated by the other are objects and purposes for
which we should be willing to sacrifice our lives
and fortunes. The rebellion strikes at both. It
npt only seeks to throttle the Constitution, but
to obliterate the political creed of our fathers. If
successful, human equality, and, consequently,
civil liberty are destroyed, and constitutional gov-
ernment, organized for their protection and se-
curity, is broken down. These objects the rebel
leaders do not hesitate to avow. It will be seen,
therefore, that the principles, motives, and object
of the contending parties are diametrically oppo-
site. Hence thjs is a death struggle for consti-
tutional freedom and equality on the one hand,
and a despotic.oligarchy on the other. The one
or the other must perish. It is in vain to think
of making terms with such a foe.
Mr, Speaker, when public attention is concen-
trated upon one all-absorbing object of interest, it
is all the more important that the trusted servants
Of the people be more than ever watchful, and
take special care that all acts and measures of the
Government be rigidly tried by the constitutional
test. I have heard it said that in times like these,
when we have an army of over half a million of
men in the field, armed and equipped and sup-
ported at the enormous expense of $2,000,000 per
(lay, for the purpose of crushing an unholy rebel-
lion against the just authority of the Government,
it is no time to stand upon nice constitutional ques-
tions. Sir, I believe that such is just the time—
not to stand upon such questions, indeed—but to
meet them and decide them promptly and cor-
rectly, and to use all necessary means to crush
and put down the rebellion and punish the trai-
tors. To this end it is not necessary, in my opin-
ion, to violate the Constitution or disregard the
fundamental doctrines of our political system.
Because all the powers necessary for these pur-
poses.the Constitution vests in the Government.
The Constitution was made for all persons who
loyally seek its protection, but notfoi those who
traitorously seek its destruction. Talk about the
constitutional rights, guarantees, and protection
to men actually in arms against the Constitution !
The thing is an absurdity on its face. Why, this
is to make the Constitution a felo de se—a traitor
to itself—giving aid and comfort to its own ene-
mies. This cannot be. The rebels having for-
feited all their rights, including life itself, it fol-
lows that the Government may constitutionally
use against them all such means as may be neces-
sary to put down the rebellion, limited only by
the laws of civilization and humanity. What
these means shall bo is simply a question of
sound policy.
It is said that a question may arise as to who
shall exercise these powers; which department of
Government shall put in operation these means.
To my mind the answer is obvious. It is just
that department whose duty it is to act. If the
duty be executive, the President is invested with
the power; if it be legislative, Congress; if judi-
cial, the courts; and if the moans be beyond the
roach of these departments, acting in a civil ca-
pacity, then the President, as the head and Com-
marider-in-Chief of tho Army and Navy, must
exercise tho power and adopt tho means, accord-
ing to his discretion. But suppose the President
corruptly uses this military power against loyal
citizens who have forfeited no right. Then im-
peach him. If he has acted arbitrarily, or oppres-
sively, that same good old covenant of the fathers
provides that terrible remedy, with its crushing
penalties. But there are occasions, in times of
invasion and rebellion, when the innocent may
be liable to unjust suspicions, and suffer unde-
served restraint. But this often occurs in the
course of civil administration. The innocent is
sometimes accused of crime, arrested, and impris-
oned for long months, waiting a trial, when his
innoeenec shall be established. Such is the un-
certainty of human administration, even in quiet
times, under the best of Governments. It is the
misfortune of the individual, to which all are lia-
ble, and to which all good citizens must submit.
How much more liable are such mistakes (for
such they may be called) to occur when rebellion
is rampant in the land, and when traitors and rebel
spies arc operating ail over the country ! Sir,gen-
tlemen are mistaken when they confine this rebel-
lion and its treasonable operations to what they
are pleased to call the disloyal States. Its agen-
cies and ramifications extend over the entire coun-
try ; and the means requisite to its suppression
must be applicable everywhere. Geographical
lines are as inapplicable to the means of preserva-
tion as they have proved to be to the agencies of
destruction. A rebel spy or traitor in New York
is infinitely more dangerous to the Union than
one in Charleston; and, if comparison does irot
scorn the application, a thousand times more
wicked. Wherever the evil is, or in any manner
suggests its presence, there the remedy should be
applied.
It is said that the President has authorized ar-
rests withouttheintervention of the judicialpower,
and has suspended the writ of habeas corpus when
applied for in behalf of the persons so arrested. I
would not allude to this subject but for the reason
that it is intimately connected with the tenor of my
remarks, and for the further reason that not only
on this floor, but in the other end of the Capitol,
as well as by a portion of the press of the coun-
try, the President and his Cabinet Ministers have
been charged with a violation of the Constitution,
with the usurpation of powers not delegated to
that department of the Government, with the as-
sumption of the rights and functions of the legis-
lative department, and with an attempt to break
down the great fundamental safeguards of consti-
tutional freedom.
I propose to examine briefly the habeas corpus
—not in the light of judicial authority and decis-
ions, but upon original principles. I confess, sir,
that when this question was first suggested, look-
ing at the matter from the English point of view
and m tho light of authorities, it did seem to me
that the power of suspending that writ of right
and liberty was vested in Congress alone; but
subsequent reflection and investigation have led
me to an entirely different conclusion. I shall not
here attempt to go into a history of that writ, or
an enumeration of the causes which led to its firm
establishment in the British constitution, as one
of tho bulwarks of English liberty; suffice it to
say, that it was extorted, so to speak, from (he
Crown in behalf of the public. Every power and
privilege of the kind in England, conceded by
the Crown, was so much gained by the people,
wrested from Norman usurpation by Anglo-
Saxon energy and pluck. Here, all powers
granted to any of the departments are grants, di-
rector implied, from the people, while in England
the power of suspending the benefit of this wtit
was vested in Parliament, for the very reason that
the writ and Us benefits had been wrested from the
control of the Crown. In this country, that power
and control became vested in the people on the
Declaration of Independence, and they were at lib-
erty to vest it in any one of the departments of the
Government which they were about to institute.
In England but one department emanated from or
was controllable by the people. The king was
imposed upon the nation by hereditary accident,
over which theyhad nocontiol; the judiciary was
but a creature of such a king. One branch of their
Legislature was also hereditary; the other, the
House ofCommons, only represented the popular
will, and was supposed to constitute the ever-
watchful guardian of English liberty. It was well,
therefore, that the British people should vest the
power of suspending the great bulwark of Eng-
lish liberty—the writ of habeas corpus—in Parlia-
ment alone.
But, sir, no such causes operate or conditions
obtain here. Every department of this Govern-
ment (except the judiciary perhaps) is directly
responsible to the people, and endowed with func-
tions prescribed by a written, specific charter,
framed and adopted by tho people in their sov- ]
ereign capacity. It was, therefore, competent that
they should vest this or any other power of the
Government, in such department thereof as the
exigencies of the nation might require. The right
to (he writ was vested in the people; the power !
of suspending its benefits is a grant from the peo-
ple to the person or department which they have !
seen fit to trust therewith. Tho British constitu- !
tion differing in this respect from our own—the !
theory of executive power, as established by the i
former, differing in its origin and investiture from \
that of this Government—it follows that English I
decisions, precedent, and dicta, are not, in all
cases, applicable to our system. But, so accus-
tomed are we to recur to English precedents, and
in all, save what relates to the fundamental struc-
ture of Government, and the source and mode of
investiture of its several powers, are the judicial,
legislative, and administiativeformula of the Brit-
ish Government so similar to our own, that we
aie too apt'to overlook fundamental differences
when the real state of the <^se actually demands
the mostcareful discrimination. Hence, it is not
at all remarkable that we find in elementary
works upon constitutional law, in loose dicta of
judges, in the general discussions of constitutional
questions, in excerpts from quasi judicial litera-
ture, passages strewed here and there tending to
establish the doctrine that the power of suspend-
ing the writ of habeas corpus is in Congress alone
—thus substituting the English constitution for
our own, the British Crown for our Executive, and
Parliamentfor our Congress; leavingoutof sight,
for the moment, the great fact that the powers of
the Crown and Parliament, peers of the realm, and
lords of the judiciary, all reverted to and vested
in the people and States of this country on our
final separation. Laws were retained, sir, but
constitutions were made anew. Precedents were,
indeed, revered and followed until the line of de-
markation between the new system and the old
was reached; then precedent was swept away by
the breath of a new political philosophy.
Mr. Speaker, I think there can be no doubt that
the President has been entirely right in the exer-
cise of all tho powers which he has used, not only
in the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, but
in the arrests which have been ordered. If fault
is to be found, it is in the sparing of power, not in
its usurpation. It is not necessary to enter into
a detail of the distribution of constitutional powers
now. . It is only necessary to recur to the pream-
ble of the Constitution to discover the source of
all power conferred by that instrument. It organ-
izes the three essential departments of the Gov-
ernment, and defines the powers committed to
e^ch, and imposes such inhibition upon them, re-
spectively, as, ill thejudgmentofitsframers, were
deemed necessary; and declares certain'rights
which were to be held sacred to the people, and
to be suspended only upon the occurrence of events
therein specified.
The only reference to the writ of habeas corpus
to be found in that instrument, is in the second
clause of the ninth section of the fust article, which
reads as follows:
"Tiie piivilege of the wiit of habeas coipus shall not lie
suspended, unless in cases of rebellion or invasion the pub-
lic safety may require it."
The framers of the Constitution seemed to think
this inhibition upon the powers granted or im-
plied to the Government they were about to in-
augurate necessary, lest some one or other of the
departments might seekotheroccasions than those
mentioned for suspension. The language is not
that of grant, but of inhibition, it is not ad-
dressed to one department more than another, and
the implication is, that but for it the benefits of the
writ might be suspended at discretion or upon
mere copricc. It is not merely inhibitory upon
Congress, but upon all officers and departments
of the Government. In the recess of Congress, if
the emergency contemplated by the Constitution
should arise, I have no doubt that the Executive
might exorcise the discretion and the power of
suspending or rather disregarding the writ, in
order to promote the public safety and preserve
the Government. This seems to be proper and
necessary, according to the natural laws of self-
defense and the right of self-preservation, appli-
cable alike to individuals and to governments, and
which cannot be limited by agreement in the one
case nor by written constitutions in the other.
In times of rebellion or invasion, when the ex-
ecutive power is that on which the chief reliance
of the nation is placed, that must necessaiiiy be
the department to which the inhibition is more es-
pecially addiessed. The occasions contemplated
are sudden, and the remedy should be prompt.
The executive power acts promptly, the legisla-
tive deliberately, the judicial slowlyand by regu-
lar proccss.
It would seem, therefore, that the power of sus-
pension in the article referred to, is an act execu-
