708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
requested to present to the House, and which I
now present under the rule.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask also to present a
memorial.
The SPEAKER. Petitionsand memorials may
be presented under the rule.
ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. DUNN, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire and report on the expediency of caus-
ing to be published a register of all of the officer* in the
military and naval service of the United States until the
1st day of January last.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of House joint res-
olution No. 37, in relation to certain railroads in
the State of Missouri.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, before I pro-
ceed with my remarks, I desire to submit a icso-
lution from the committee on Government con-
tracts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot have
two classes of business before the House at the
same time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it may be some-
what difficult, after an able discussion of the great
question of finance, to come down to questions of
more practical, yet apparently of less importance.
The Committee on the Judiciary, who were in-
structed to inquire whether the Government has
the right to have its troops and munitions of war
transported free of charge upon all railroads con-
structed by Government land grants, has reported
that the Government has such a right. It' is also
understood that the special committee on Govern-
ment contracts, to which the same subject was
referred, has arrived at the same conclusion—that
where the GovemmentgrantQd lands to the States
of Illinois, Missouri, Iowa, Michigan, and Min-
nesota, for the construction of railroads, m whole
or in part, that those railroad companies are bound
by the terms of those grants to transport tioops
and munitions of war for the Government without
any charge whatever. I take it for granted, sir,
that the question of law has been settled. I ask
that the pending bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
- Joint Resolution in relation to certain raihoads in the ytate
of Missouri.
Whereas by the fourth section of an act of Congress, en-
titled "An act granting ttie right ot way to the State of
Missouri, and apoition of the public lands to aid in thoeon-
Htruction of certain railroads in said State," approved June
the 10th, 1852, it is provided, as follow*: u That the said
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be subject to the
disposal of the Legislature thereof for the puiposes albie
said, and no other, and the. said railroads shall be and re-
main public highways (or the use of tiie Government of the
United States, fiee hum toll oi other Hiring; upon the ti an^-
portation of any piopeify or troops of the United Sinter;''
and whereas the said giant of lands ha>, by virtue ot ^aid
act, and of an aet of the Legihlatui e of the State ot Mi -mmi i i ,
been applied m the construction of the Hannibal and St.
Joseph railroad, constructed and owned by the Hannibal
and f3t. Joseph Railroad Company, and the Pacific tailroad,
by the Pacific Railroad Company, which last-mentioned
road is finished and running from St. Louis fo Holla ; and
Whereas the ability otVaul nuiroad companies to tianspoit
the propeity and troops of the United Stales over their ic-
spectivo railroads ha-? been threat I v impaired by the dc?-t mo-
tion of bridges, depots, and other ptopaity of sjud companies,
and the partial destruction of said loads by the public ene-
mies ; in consideration thereof, and in view of the piecing
public neces->ities, the United States not waiving the right
to have their property and uoop*, transported free 1'iom toll
or other cliaigc by said raihoads, as contemplated by the
reservation aforesaid, have resolved, as follow- : Then; fore,
He it resolved by the Senate and House of Re pi encatati ces
of the United States of Ameiiutin Comrc'^s assembled, That
the Secretary of War is hereby authouzed to make such
an adjustment with the Hannibal and St. Joseph Uaihoad
Company and the Pacific Railroad Company lor the trans-
portation, past and prospective, of the pioperty and troops
of the United States ovci £>aidiaihoads du^iig the e:\istcnec
of this rebellion, as, m view of the public exigency, may
be just and reasonable, and liquidate the same: Provided,
houever, That the sums paid to said companies hhall be as
near as may be the eo^t of tiunsporting such property and
troop*, and not exceeding the prices fixed by the Wai De-
partment on the 12tii day of July, 18UJ, loi'transpotlauon
by railroads
Mr. XIOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is manifest
by the terms of the preamble of that joint resolu-
tion, that it adopts the principle that the railroads
to which these grants have been made are bound
to transport the Loops and supplies of the Gov-
ernment free of charge. But the resolution is
based upon the idea of a peculiar public necessity.
* The question is whether it is bettor for the Gov-
ernment to pay those roads for transportation
which have suffered so much by the depredations
of the public enemy, or to take possession of
those roads and run them by its own agents. The
experience of the country seems to establish the
fact that the Government cannot do any work of
that kind as cheaply as it can be done by private
individuals and private corporations. I admit that
the prices paid to the railroad companies have been
beyond fair prices for transportation. The Gov-
ernment schedule of prices for transportation by
railroads, established on the 12th of July last, has
'fixed them beyond any fair limit. I am author-
ized to say, on the authority of one of the com-
mittees of this House, that the rates there fixer!
are fifty per cent, higher than are paid by private
parties for the transportation of supplies, and
forty per cent, higher than ought to be charged
for the transportation of troops. I ask that that
schedule be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
War Department, Washington,
Jala 12,1801.
Dear Sir: in making settlements with raihoad compa-
nies loi ti anspoi tation ot ti oops and supplies, please obsei ve
the following as a general basis:
Per passenger, per mile, two cents foi distance moved.
Equipment, munitions, and supplies, accompanying resri-
meuts, first-ela&s local lates, which will avcr<ige about as
follow:
30 milesorlevs 10'cerits pci 100 lbs.
50 miles 15 " "
100 miles 25 " "
150 mites 40 ie "
200 miles 50 « « «
300 miles 75 " "
350 to 400 miles, not exceeding 90 " "
For transportation of hoises, in small lots, the following
are the usual estimated weights ot lailroad companies.
Single animals    3,000 ibs.
2 animals     4,000
3 animals  5.000 "
4 animals  (>,500 "
5 animals  8,000
0 animals,  9,000 '•
7 animals 10,000 "
8 animals   lt,000
0 animal?-   .1-3,000
Full ear load*, 13 or 11 hordes, n-ualiy charged. . lb,000
All other supplies l'otwaided by freight hams ate all
charged local iat'^, acconhnu to classification ot pjop-
eity, whi' h will u-i(.ii!y aveiage, on piovwons and heavy
UemhN, two to thieo eenfv pei tonot 2.000 Jlw. pei mile.
Diy good?-, clothniL', oi Inrbl goods, will avciage three to
five cent -. pei ton <>1 ;i,OJ0 lb-.. per nnle.
lU^lK'Oliully, &o , THOMAS A SCOTT.
General Manager.
Major SiiH.r-v, Quart ei master's Department.
Mr. TTOLMAN. I do nut hesitate to say that
those prices are enormous, and that the railroads
have been realizing, where the public enemies
have not interfered with their operation, unpre-
cedented piolits fium the Government. So favor-
able was that schedule to the railroad companies
that one of the p,reat lines from the East to the West
—the Pennsylvania Central railroad—for a consid-
erable time suspended private transportation that
it imghliiViid itself of these enormous profits from
Government transportation. I undertake to say,
when the subject shall be thoroughly considered,
that the payments by the Government for railroad
tiansnot tation will exceed, if possible, any other
of the exfravaganees which have grown up during
our present difficulties. While, therefore, i am
constrained to believe that if the Secretary of War
is authorized to pay the railroad companies which
are designated by this bill the simple cost of trans-
portation, not exceeding these rates, it cannot be
presumed that the Secretary of War will rcoch
those rates if a less sum will justify transporta-
tion over these roads, and that it is far better than
for the Government to take possession ot the roads
and have them run with the very uncertain and
expensi\ o agencies to which a Government must
ever resort.
liut, sir, inasmuch as I do not desire to detain
the House upon this subject, which is one that
nil gentlemen must be familiar wiih, I will ask the
Cleik to read certain testimony taken before the
committee on Government contracts—the testi-
mony of Philip A. Hall, one of the most intelli-
gent railroad men of the country, who has been
in the employment of the commission authorized
to examine claims against the Government, who
has had his attention especially directed to this
subject.
Before that is done, however,! desire to say that
that gentleman, after a very thorough examina-
tion of the entire subject of transportation over
these roads, is of opinion that the schedule of prices
fixed by the Government in July last is fifty per
cent, higher than ought to be charged. Inowsend
the testimony, to which I have referred, to the
Clerk's desk, and ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Question. Have you had yourattention directed toward
the roads in the State of Missouri, known as the Pacific
railroad, and the Hannibal and St. Joseph load? If so,
considering the losses to which those roads have been sub-
jected by depredations by the public enemy, what, in your
judgment, would be the interest of the Government in re-
gard to them? whether to have them run by the Govern-
ment, or by the companies now having charge of them, pay-
ing the actual cost of transportation, ot prices not exceeding
those mentioned in the schedule of the War Department?
This is supposing that these loads are liable to transport
troops and munitions for the Government free of charge.
'•Answer. My attention has been directed to the condition
of the roads in Missouii, and then accounts have passed un-
der my observation in St. Louis. I am clearly of opinion
that no regard should be paid to any rates heretofore estab-
lished by the Depaitment, and that the interest of the (gov-
ernment requires the payment of rates that will covcr the
cost ot opciatingthe roads and keeping them in an effective
condition for immediate use. I think that that would be
preferable to the Government taking possession of those
loads.
Question. Would it be doing injustice to those loads to
limit the amount paid to them to the cost ot transportation,
and to limit that to the prices designated in the schedule,
taking into consideration the condition of the roads ?
"Answer. 1 donotiegardtheschedulerates. Tnmyopin-
ion the ihteiest ot the Government requires that the loads
in Missouri should be in an effective condition for immedi-
ate u^e. As a matter of economy on the pait of the Gov-
ernment, the plan which I suggest, of paying rates that will
eovci the cost of ti anspoi tation and the cost of keeping the
track and equipments in lepair, is the best.
" Question. Do you base this answer on the supposition
that under the terms of the land grants made to the State
of Missouri, those roads are bound to transport troops and
fi eight for the Government without charge ?
<l Answer. In giving my leplv, I have the whole subject
in my mind.
" Question. Then your experience and judgment would
be that the companies would be able to run those roads moie
efficiently and economically than the Government ?
u Ansi'.er. The present harmonious organization of the
different roads in Missouii should not be disturbed, if suc-
cessful and economical management of the lines is desired.
Wcie the Government to take possession of any one of the
lines, it would to a gi eater or less extent involve the neces-
sity of changes; and at tins time, and with the present cir-
cumstance^ and state of feeling in Missouri, I think it would
be nn unwise and injudicious policy on the part of the Gov-
ernment.
" Question. Was it on behalf of the commissioners at St.
Louis that you examined into this subject?
" Atikircr. It ww.
" Question. Have yon any interest whatever in any rail-
road in Missouri, or in any *ioad connecting with the Mis-
sum i roads?
An^'-cr. 1 have no interest, diiectly or indirectly, in
anyroad in the Umted States."
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a portion of the tes-
timony of Phihp A. Hall, of Chicago, a gentle-
man who, for twelve years past, has been con-
nected with the railroad interest of the country,
and whose attention has especially been directed
to these roads, acting upon the part of, and in be-
half of, the commission of the Government at St.
Louis. I am compelled to respect the opinions
of a gentleman of such opportunities as Mr. Hall
seems to be possessed of of examining this subject
thoroughly. Therefore i make it a naked ques-
tion of economy upon the part of the Govern-
ment.
While I cannot approve the act of the late Sec-
retary of War in the payment of two thii ds of the
cost of transportation over the Illinois Central
road—a road which has received such an enor-
mous land grant from the Government—and re-
served only one third as the mere value of the right
of way; while I would not consent, under ordi-
nary circumstances, to the payment of one dollar
to any one of these roads which have received
lands from the Government upon the condition of
making this transportation without expense to the
Government, yet," in view of the public necessity,
and legarding it as a naked question of economy
to the Government, I am constrained to believe
that it is far better to pay these railroad compa-
nies in Missouri the actual cost of transportation,
as.is provided in the joint resolution, than to seize
upon these roads and attempt to run them through
military agencies which, in my judgment—basing
that judgment upon the opinions of gentlemen
better informed than myself—would result m an
enormous extravagance of expenditure upon the
part of the Government,
I have said that the Illinois Central railroad
has already been paid two thirds of their claim
for transportation for the Government. That road
received a princely grant of land, valued bur re-
cently at §43,000,000; and his stated that the road
cost only $32,000,000, making an actual profit from
the munificence of the Government of $11,000,000.
