1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
Stra Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Jianchetl.
Ho. 01? Reps.
tive in character, and not judicial or legislative,
and ihe prescription of the limits of its exercise
must, therefore, be peculiarly referable to the ex-
ecutive. If this reasoning is correct, the Presi-
dent is right as far as he has gone in the premises.
L"t the legislative power promptly support him
and supply all the deficiencies with which a halt-
ing prudence may incumber him. Under our polit-
ical system each fundamental department of the
Government must be the sole judge of its own
powers, responsible only to the people of the na-
tion. And I repeat that the Constitution, prop-
erly construed and acted upon, confers all the
powers upon the various departments of the Gov-
ernment, each acting in its appropriate sphere,
necessary to crush out this wicked rebellion and
visit condign punishment upon the traitors—
whether they shall be found North or South—
whether in open arms or in secret complicity—
whether wielding the musket, the spado, the pen,
or the purse. Wherever treason shall lift its head,
there follows the conserving and avenging power
of the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, as a part of the Government, Con-
gress has its duties to perform. We have our
constitutional obligations resting upon us. We
are to provide the means, raise, equip, and sup-
port the armies, and whenever the military power
shall have reestablished the authority of the Con-
stitution, to provide for the due administration of
the laws, and the restoration to the loyal people
of the blessings of civil jurisprudence.
I took occasion to say in the early part of my
remarks that the Government had not only the
right to subdue the rebellion, but so to prosecute
the war as-to remove and obviate, as far as pos-
sible, the causes and conditions upon which its
recurrence might depend. The petitions which
I have had the honor to present to this House
on the subject of the emancipation of slaves of
rebels express but a slight indication of the tone
of public opinion in the district which I have the
honor to represent. Everywhere the effects of the
rebellion are felt; hearth-stones, hitherto the shrine
upon which the domestic affections laid their daily
offerings, are in many instances made desolate,
and tilts vital energies of the nation, which for years
have been occupied in the pursuits of peace and
the enlargement of the area of civilization, free-
dom, and happiness, are now concentrated for the
purpose of defending the glorious Union under
whose auspices we have lived and prospered.
Sir, it is but natural that the amazed sentiment
of a confiding and loyal people should seek relief
from the terrible bewilderment into which the out-
break of the rebellion plunged them, so causeless,
so unexpected, so wicked, and profane, that our
peace-loving and law-abiding citizens were not
only surprised at the progress it had made, but
oppressed by the enormity of its fiendish machina-
tions.
is it any wonder, then, that the public mind
should leap from cause to effect, from disorder to
remedy, from conjecture to reason, to find relief
from the very pressure of excitement? At first
public attention was directed to the chief conspir-
ators in this unholy work, then to the motives
which could possibly inspire them, and then to the
undeilying causes which were competent to effect
such diabolical inspiration. A great crime, liith-
erto*iconceived,had suddenly been stalked. The
soul shuddered in view of its hideousness, and
staggered under the weight of its apprehension to-
wards the pillars of its support—reason and faith.
This was natural,inevitable. Relief mustbehad.
Reason was invoked to go out in search of cause
and remedy, and faith pointed to the only rem-
edy the loyalty of the human heart to the great
principles of human happiness and progress. It
is not surprising, then, that the public minil, in
these times of peril, should exercise all its powers
to classify, arrange, and concentrate all its dis-
coveries in regard to the origin, the cause, the rem-
edy for, and the future security against, these stu-
pendous crimes. . .
Hence, sir, it is assumed in numerous petitions
presented to this House (some of which 1 have
had the honor to present) that the rebellion finds
its root and nourishment in the system of chattel
slaveiy at the South. This, in whole or in part,
is true. It is so declared by the leading rebel con-
spirators themselves. Without quoting extracts
from the public addresses and quasi official docu-
ments, it will at once occur to the recollection of
members of this House that these rebel leaders
have vauntingly proclaimed to the world that
slavery was the great element of their political
strength. The slaves of rebels are relied upon to
produce the great staple which is to supply them
with the sinews of war. Every able-bodied slave
may be said to represent or become a substitute
at home for an armed rebel in camp. So long as
the slaves of rebels are compelled to remain quiet
upon the plantations, performing their daily task
of productive labor, jiist so long are they, both
directly and indirectly, contributing to the support
of the rebellion, as much so as the slave who
builds fortifications and intrenchments or the sol-
dier who carries the musket. He who feeds and
clothes the enemy becomes a portion of the rebel-
lious force. He may be the involuntary instru-
ment of others, but he is not the less an effective
agent. The charger who bears the armed war-
rior upon the field of batde is seized or killed, not
because of his value, but because of the aid which
he renders the foe; not because he is the property
of the enemy, but because he serves the enemy.
And upon the same principle he would be seized
in the furrow as in the charge, as well in prepar-
ing the soil for the future sustenance of the enemy
as when hauling material for his winter quarters.
And into this aspect of the case the idea of prop-
erty does not enter. There is no ad valorem con-
sideration in it whatever. The use to which the
one or the other is put, the effect of the service to
the advantage of the enemy or to the prejudice of
the Government, constitutes the basis (though,
perhaps, not the sole basis) of our right and of
our action. Whenever it becomes apparent that
the slaves of rebels are directly or indirectly aid-
ing the insurrectionists, that moment the Govern-
ment has a perfect right to annul the relation in
virtue of which the rebel master commands the
service of such slave. Of this theie can he no
manner of doubt. There can be no constitutional
impediment to such action oil the part of the Gov-
ernment, for the Constitution, as before remarked,
grants no rights or protection to those who are in
arms against ltoraie giving aid and comfort to
its enemies. It is not a/eio de se. With the for-
feiture of his life the traitor forfeits all that per-
tains to his personality. Whatever rights of
property may be preserved to his heirs, his are
absolutely forfeited and gone forever. The slave
who grooms his horse, who carries liis armor,
who hoes his corn, as well as the corn, the horse,
and the armor, is alike forfeited with his life.
It may become a question as to what depart-
ment of the Government shall exercise these pow-
ers, and to what extent the exigencies of the case
and sound policy require the exercise of them.
In other words, the question is rather one of dis-
cretion than of doubtful authority.
Mr. Speaker, we arc in a state of actual war—
civil war—a war against rebellion. But the Gov-
ernment lias not declared war. It pretends to no
power to declare war against any of the States or
people of the Union. A portion of its citizens
have taken up arms and made war upon the na-
tion, and every department of the Government, to
a °reater or less extent, in one form or other, has
recognized the fact. The laws of war, therefore,
must govern the conduct of the military power
which carries it on. When the insurrectionary force
is so great as to preclude civil administration, the
military alone can prescribe the rules of conduct,
and those rules can neither be uniform or general,
but varying according to the exigencies of the
time and occasion. Whenever, by reason of in-
surrection or invasion, the civil administration is
suspended, the military administration takes its
place, and proceeds according to the emergency
which calls for its interposii.on, regulated by the
laws of war, as recognised among civilized na-
tions. The local laws of the place, State, or coun-
try are necessarily suspended, not only because
their administration is impossible, but because
they are inadequate and unadapted to the wants
and purposes of the war power, which becomcs
a law unto itself. Now, this is precisely our caso
in the southern portion of the Union. 1 know of
no district of any considerable extent south of llie
lines of the Federal Army, where the laws of the
United States can be executed by the usual civil
functionaries. To what purpose, then, would be
the enactment of other laws by Congress, having
special reference to such a condition of affairs,
when their execution is impossible ? They would
be declaratory of the legislative will—an assertion
of what we would do if we could, and what wc intend
•ultimately to do, but without sanction or force, ex-
cept as the Army should progressively subdue the
rebellion, and reinaugurate civil administration.
The war power, about which so much has been
said, and properly said, is not confined exclu-
sively to the Executive, though the immediate con-
duct of the war is confided to that department; a
large portion of its incidents, purposes, objects,
and results, is, in a considerable degree, depend-
ent upon Congress.
To this end the Constitution gives to Congress
the following specific grants;
" To establish tribunals, inferior to the Supreme Court,
which may be exercised 111 aid ot either the civil or military
administration."
" To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal,
and to make roles concerning captures on land and water;
"To raise and support armies, but no appropiiation of
money to that use bhall be for a longer time than two
jeai^;
" To provide and maintain a navy ;
"To make ruies for the government of the land and naval
foiees;
" To piovide for the calling forth the militia, to execute
the laws of the Union, suppie^s insurrections, and repel
invasion;
" To provide for the organizing, aiming, and disciplining
tiic militia, and lor governing sueli part of them aa may
be employed in the seiviee of tile United States."
These, sir, are the war powers conferred upon
Congress; powers absolutely essential, it must be
admitted, and without the exercise of some one
or all of which no war couid be of long duration,
either foreign or domestic. But they comprise,
after nil, but a small portion of the power inci-
dent to a state of war, the control of causes which
produce il, or the mode of its prosecution, or the
terms or conditions on which it shall cease.
At first blush, it would seem that the framers of
(he Constitution contemplated no war as liable to
exist, except such as might be formally declared;
and hence, perhaps, intended to lodge the war-
making power with Congress alone. But experi-
ence lias demonstrated the en or, if such was then-
supposition. War has been, and may be, forced
upon the nation without the formal action of Con-
gress. The fathers did, indeed, provide against
insurrection and invasion; but these seem to have
been regarded as merely temporary incidents,
effervescences, or casualties of the day. The idea
of such a rebellion as now exists was too heinous,
too extravagantly wicked and atrocious, to be sug-
gested to minds so pure and patriotic as theirs.
And yet in the framework of the Government so
closely did tliey adhere to and comprehend the
real philosophy of free, constitutional government,
that all conditions resulting from the perversity
of human nature at home, as well as from ag-
gressive forces from abroad, are provided against.
But the active conduct of the war, whether civil
or foreign, whether formally declared, or rushed
upon a people by invasion of their territory or
other forcible aggressions, must ever be vested in
the executive power of the Government. Hence
the Constitution provides that that power shall
be vested in a President of the United States; that
the Presidcntshall be Commander-in-Chief of the
At my and Wavy of the United States; that, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
lie shall appoint all officers not therein provided
for, military as well as civil; that, with the like
consent, he shall have powci to make ueaties; that
such treaties, tile Constitution, and laws made in
pursuance of the Constitu tion, shall be the supreme
law of the land, anything m the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing; and that the President shall take care that the
laws shall be faithfully executed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with the power of Congress
to raise and support armies, and the foregoing
powers conferred upon the President, we have
ample authoiity in the General Government to
remove every obstacle to the peace and integrity
of the Union—even, if necessary, to abolish sla-
very, or tiny other institution created or upheld
by State law. Suppose, sir, we were in the midst
of a foreign war, and, in the judgment of the Pres-
dent and Senate, the only means of preserving
i the nation was to abolish slavery in all the States,
