2692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
'Mh HOLMAN. Then the matter was cer-
tainly as fresh as it is nnw, Congress appropri-
ated $3,OOD to pay tins claim.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does the gentleman
stale that.such a bill has been passed?
Mr HOLMAN. Yes, sir; i understand that
an appropriation wasmade after investigation and
appraisement.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I undeistand, and the
claim is quite familiar to me, that, committees of
both Houses have given this case a careful exam-
ination Congress after Congress, and have come
unanimously to the conclusion that this claim is
justly due. I am aware that in these times there
is a great prejudice against private claims; but
Nye has been here for twenty years diligently
prosecuting his claim.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. How much has he
got?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The amount which he
has received, I am informed, is deducted from the
allowance made in this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man whether he thinks a man has a right to be paid
for damages occasioned by reason of not getting
a debt at the time it was due, in consequence of
which his creditors came on him, and sold his
property? Does that enter as an element into the
settlement?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not know that that
is the basis upon which the committee made up
his claim. 1 understand they did not take that
into consideration.
Mr.- EDGERTON. I wish to say that this
claim has been favorably reported on by the com-
mittees of the House eighteen or nineteen times
unanimously, after thorough investigation. 1
know that two years ago it was thoroughly exam-
ined and reported unanimously. It has been six
or seven times favorably reported by committees
of the Senate; but it has always fallen between the
two Houses, and thus has the old man been kept
out of what is justly due him by the Govern-
ment.
Several Members. Let us pass the bill.
Mr. FRANK. I move that the bill be laid aside,
to be reportt d to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope that motion will pre-
vail. Tins claim has been reported on favorably
in every Congress since I have been here.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was laid
aside.
The committee then took up the bill of the House
(No. 298) for the payment of the claim of J. W.
Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh
Stewart.
The bill was read. It directs the First Auditor
of the Treasury to adjust and settle the chum of
J. W.Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh
Stewart, fur losses sustained by them in macad-
amizing a large portion of Pennsylvania avenue,
Washington city, under their respective contiacts
with the Government for doing said wotk; which
loss was iiotoccasioned by any fault or negligence
of said contractors, but from being compelled by
the superintendent of the work to prosecute it dur-
ing the prevalence of the cholera, and by the in-
terference of the agents of the Government with
the laborers on the woik, appointed by direction
of the superintendent without the consent of the
contractors; and in ascertaining the amount of said
loss, the Auditoi is required to add to the contract
price of said woik done by said contractors, in the
summer and fall of 1832, one hundred percent,
for the diminished quantity of woi k perfoi med by
the laborers, the contractors being compelled to
employ two hundred men to perform what one
hundred would have done in the same time had
the cholera not visited this city, or had the con-
tractors been allowed to postpone their woi k dur-
ing its prevalence; and to the amount thus found
to add fifty per cent, for the increased price, the
contractors being compelled to raise theii laboieis' j
wages at least fifty per cent, to induce them to stay I
on the work; and from the amount thus found to |
take the wholeamountoramounts heretofore paid 1
saicl contractors, their assignee, or attorney, for !
that work; and should there still remain a balance 1
of said loss thus ascertained unpaid after taking '
all the amounts heretofore paid, the Secretary of;
the Tieasury is authorized and requited to pay 1
the said balance tu the said J. W. Nye, out of any j
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri- I
ated. The Auditor of the Treasury is also au-
thorized and required to take a receipt in full from
said J. W. Nye, in satisfaction of all demands
against the Government for the said claim.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is suggested to me that I
should move that the committee rise. I do not
desire to do that, inasmuch as I presume the com-
mittee wish to consider this bill. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Maryland, who le-
poi ted this bill, what amount of money he presumes
is intended 10 be covered by its provisions? I un-
derstand from the reading of the bill that these
services were rendered to the Government in 1832,
and it is only natural that members should require
some explanation of the reasons why this appro-
priation has not been made heretofore. I would
also inquire whether any appropi iation in pait has
been made ?
Mr. CALVERT I will state, in answer to the
gentleman, thatStewaitand Baigy wetecontract-
ors for macadamizing the avenue from here to the
Picsident's house in 1832.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will give way for a motion that the committee
rise. It is evident that we cannot pass this bill
this evening.
Mr. CALVERT. I give way for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chan, Mr. Train reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had under
consideration bill of the House (No. 279) for the
relief of J. W. Nye, and had directed him to rc-
poit it to the House, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. CALVERT demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed, and read
a thild time; and being engrossed, it svas accord-
ingly read the thud tune.
M r. TIUM BLE called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Tile yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. CALVERT moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion wasagieed to.
OPINIONS OF ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Mr. DELANO. I have been requested to have
piinted thiee opinions of the Attoi ney General on
the subject of the right of courts-martial to con-
line convicts in the penitentiary. I ask that they
may be referred to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, and punted.
It was so ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUFFINTON,
(at a quarter to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 13, 1862.
Prayer by th^ Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TERRITORIAL LAWS AND JOURNALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Secretary of the
Territory of Colorado, transmuting a copy of the
statutes of that Territory, a copy of the Council
journal, and also a copy of the legislative joui-
md for the year 18G1; which were refeued to the
Committee on Ten nones.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a repoi t of the becivtary of the Treasury,
iransmitung, in answer to a isolation of the Sen-
ate of Match 25, 1862, a tabular statement show-
ing tiie quantity and value of different articles of
merchandise imported into the United States from
the British North Ametiean colonies, during the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1809, 1860, and 1861, !
under the reciprocity treaty; which,on motion of !
Mr. Latham, was ordered to be on the table, and !
be punted.
The VICE PRESIDENT also hud before the ;
Senate a communication from the Secretary of j
War, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the i
Senate of May 27, a report of the Adjutant Gen-
eral, accompanied by a list of the officers and men
belonging to the regular and volunteer forces of
theUiUted States, now confined in the penitentiary
of the District of Columbia; which, on motion of
Mr. Trumbull, was referred to the Committee on
the District of < 'oiumbia, and oidered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before L|te
Senate a leport of the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 11th
instant, transmitting the last r< pott of thu board
of examiners of the Naval School at Newport,
Rtiode Island; which, on motion of Mr. Hale,
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Oliver
B. Paine, of New York, praying that $5,000 may
be placed at the disposal of the President for the
building of a submarine war boat, with torpedo
attachment; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. DIXON. I move that J. H. Merrill have
leave to withdraw his papers.
The VICE PRESI DENT. Has there been an
adveise report?
Mr. DIXON. I do not know. I am requested
to make the motion; I know nothing about the
case.
Mr. COWAN. There has been an adverse
re port.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is not
within the rule of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Unless there has been action taken
on the adverse repot t, it does not come within the
prohibition of the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will be
made if it is according to the rules of the Senate;
not otherwise.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was leferred a message fiom
the Piesident of the United States, in relation to
the treaty between the United Slates andGieat
Britain for the suppression of the slave trade, im-
ported a bill (S. No. 352) to can y into < fleet the
treaty between the United States and her Britannic
Majesty, for the suppression of the African slave
trade; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of James F.
Simmons, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 353) for lite relief of James F. Sim-
mons. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the icpoit was oideied to be printed.
CHARLES L. NELSON.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 341) for the
relief of Chailes L. Nelson, have directed me to
report it back, with the lecommendation that it
pass; and as the bill is for the payment of a little
ovei seventy days' labor, at fuui dolkits a day,as
to which there is no dispute, and the account la
stated at the Department, but they have no fund
to pay if out of, I ask that the bill be passed im-
mediately.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
diiect the Sect etary of the Treasury to pay t ;hai lea
L. Nelson ^308 for his sei vices us agei-t foi the
improvement of the harbor of Hui lington ,Vei mont,
from the 15th ofJunuaiyto the 2d of Api il, 18a3,
both inclusive, at foui dollars per day.
Tiie bill was reported to the Senate, oidered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was ) efen id the
bill (H. R. No. 499) making approni unions for
postal set vice on post routes e&tablislxd at the
present session of Congress, to report it back: and
if there is no objection, 1 should like to have it
considered now.
There being no objection, the bill was considered
as m Committer ol the Whole. It pioposesto
appropriate $150,000 for postal service on such
mail routes established by the present Congn-ss as
the Postmaster General may deem necessary and
expedient.
