212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
3Tth Com. ... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Hanchett.
Ho. or Reps.
and a treaty should be made to that effect and duly
ratified. Such treaty would be the supreme law
of the land, and slavery would be wiped out, any-
thing in the constitution or laws of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding. Precisely so in case
of civil war. If to suppress the insurrection, which
has become so formidable as to defy the laws of
the Union, and even the force of the Constitution
itself, which is the supreme law, it should become
necessary to abolish slavery, in whole or in part,
there is constitutional power in the Government
to do it. And of such necessity the Government
must be the sole judge. Here State power cannot
act, except through the General Government. If
slaves, or slavery as an organized institution, tend
to aid the rebellion, the Government has the un-
doubted right to remove it, to any extent that shall
be necessary.
Mr. Speaker, I believe the time has come to
exercise this power, so far as the leading rebels
themselves are concerned, because so long as they
can maintain their armies upon the borders of the
insurrectionary districts, and keep their slaves at
service in the interior, the latter will continue to
be the backbone of the rebellion. It is admitted,
that while our own soldiers are subjected to painful
toil upon burning sands and in pestilent marshes,
the rebel troops are spared such exposures, which
are borne by the slaves of rebels, often in sight of
our own camps. Will any one say that these ne-
groes, who are performing such involuntary ser-
vice against us, are beyond the power of the Gov-
ernment? Oh, no! we are told that the slaves of all
rebels, actually employed in hostile force against
the Government, may be set free. Why limit it
to such slaves as are directly employed in the war
service? Sir, what is the war service ? Is not the
slave performing involuntary service on the rebel
plantations, raising and harvesting the wheat and
corn that subsist the rebel army, as effectually
aiding the rebellion as the slave who loads the
grain on wagons and conveys it from camp to
camp ? Is he who raises or produces subsistence
or supplies for the rebels, actually less in their
Bervice than he who carries it to and for them ?
Is he less employed in aiding the rebellion who
furnishes a recruit for a rebel army than the
recruit himself?
Sir, the distinction attempted to be made in re-
gard to the slaves directly engaged in the war and
those of rebels at work on their plantations at
home is utterly untenable. They are all alike
an efficient source of strength to the rebel cause.
However much they may embarrass their masters
when disaster overtakes them, they constitute
their chief reliance for the means of sustaining
their armies. Why, then, this terrible dread of
removing,so farasisin the power of the Govern-
ment, the obligation of servitude which they feel
resting upon them? What is there so sacred about
this relation of master and slave that it should be
reverenced, even in the case of the most atrocious
rebel ? Whence does it derive its mystic author-
ity for that defiant ukase, " Hands off; touch me
not!" when every other relation in society yields
to the exigencies of the times? The relation of
husband and wife, parent and child, all the ties
of society must yield to the terrible exigencies of
this civil war, except that of master and slave.
Sir, it is a foolish prejudice, nay, sir, a wicked
perversion of judgment, of reason, of law, and
justice. While the so-called confederate govern-
ment has confiscated every particle of the prop-
erty of loyal men within their reach; nay, more,
sir, when this same self-styled confederacy has
commissioned piratical rovers to capture upon the
high seas our unoffending, unarmed merchant
ships, to plunder their cargoes, imprison then-
crews, and burn their vessels; when the heavens
crimson and the waves blush at the glaring out-
rages of these piratical hell-hounds, shall we sit
here deliberating in cool debate about the justice
of depriving them of their slaves? No, sir; if a
blow can be struck in that direction, let it fall—
the heavier the better. But we are told that this
policy would be violently opposed by and would
tend to alienate the hearts of the loyal slaveholders.
Shall we be told and required to believe that
truly loyal men, slaveholders or non-slavehold-
ers, can stand indifferently by and see their rebel
neighbors turning their slave products against the
Government which they love so devotedly ? What,
sir! loyal slaveholders witnessing the slaves of
rebels strikingdown the Constitution, andcrying
out, "Let the Constitution fall, but spare the
rebels their slaves! We love the Union above all
things. The slaves of our rebel neighbors, with
their masters, have seized upon its vitals, are
tearing it limb from limb—are throttling it. But
let the Union gasp—touch not a single hair of sla-
very. If you do, we fear for the fate of the Union.
You will alienate the loyal Union men of the
South." Is this the loyalty of Union slave-own-
ers ? Do they prefer the security and preservation
of the slave property of traitors to the mainten-
ance and preservation of the Government?
Sir, such loyalty is not worth the breath that,
gives it utterance. It is a foul slander upon the
word—it is a shame upon the good old Anglo-
Saxon, our mother tongue. It is treason dis-
guised, crouching under the despicable folds of
selfishness and timidity.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, a Union man,
North or South, who prefers slavery to his coun-
try, who prefers the alleged rights of rebels to
their slaves to the preservation of our glorious
framework of free government, is a monster of
political and moral incongruities.
But, sir, while all along I have endeavored to
abstain from all utterances, in substance or in
form, that mightbe calculated to inflame passion,
to check recuperating patriotism, or disturb the
serenity of conservative loyalty, I am willing to
go still further and consider the doubts, the ap-
prehended difficulties, the fretted sensibilities, the
seemingly unconquerable prejudices which ap-
pear to" oppress loyal men in the slaveholding
States. Tliey are startled at every proposition,
however remote, for the dissolution of the rela-
tion of master and slave. A rebel may be stripped
of lands and tenements, goods and merchandise,
may be mulcted in penalties and forfeitures, may
be arraigned, tried, convicted, hanged, and they
all say amen; but to attempt to dissolve the rela-
tion of master and slave, even when the former is
shuddering upon the gallows, is said to be enough
to put loyalty to flight and to subvert altogether
the Union sentiment in the South. Why is this
so ?
The only plausible objection which I have seen
or heard urged to the emancipation of the slaves
ofleadingrebels is, that it would turn loose among
the loyal slave-owners a largo number of freed
men, and that they would be overrun by free ne-
groes corrupting their own slaves and disturbing
society in its various departments. To these ob-
jections of loyal slaveholders there are various
answers. I prefer to begin with the first, the all-
comprehensive answer. If slavery has brought
these evils upon the country, and if to arrest the
traitors in their unholy work it is necessary to dis-
solve the relation of servitude between them and
their slaves, whoever loves his country is bound
to yield to its necessities. That patriotism which
only rises to the level of self-interest, and which
quivers at the approach of personal sacrifice, is
unworthy an American citizen. While tract after
tract of land in the northern States may be swept
away from the owners, from sheer inability to pay
the increased taxes thereon, how can any truly
loyal man grumble'at a vague fear that the eman-
cipation of the slaves of his disloyal, traitorous
neighbor may possibly put him to inconvenience,
that his own slaves may be corrupted and demor-
alized, and all thatsortof thing? Butletmeaskthe
loyal slaveholders if they are quite sure that these
results will follow the dissolution of the bond be-
tween rebels and their slaves? The same power
which gives efficiency to the mandate of libera-
tion is competent to and doubtless will provide an
adequate police and economical establishment for
the restraint and employment of the slaves, so
that there will be but little difficulty in inaugura-
ting a system of free, paid, and productive labor
upon the very soil where slave labor has been
employed for the purpose of subverting the Gov-
ernment.
But again, loyal slaveholders have no right to
complain of this policy of emancipating the slaves
of rebels. Every man who invests his capital in
property of any kind is presumed to do so with a
full knowledge of all the incidents, relations, char-
acteristics, and casualties to which the same is sub-
ject. He who invests his money in gunpo-^er
does so with the full knowledge that it is explo-
sive, that it is extra hazardous; so he who chooses
to brave the moral sense of mankind by affecting
to own man as property does so with a full ap-
preciation of all moral, social, and political conse-
quences. He who pays his money for human
brains and human legs does so with the full knowl-
edge that brains were made to think, and that legs
were made to run. He takes his risk for time and
eternity, for peace and for war, for good or for
evil, subject to all the incidents of his unnatural
tenure.
Let me here say, for I cannot enlarge upon this
subject, that when the slaves of rebels are stripped
from their masters, emancipated, free, slavery will
thenceforth take care of itself. It will cease to be
a political power in the country. Loyal men will
not desire its malign supremacy, and rebels will be
glad of such personal immunity as may be granted
them. But we are asked, what shall be done with
the liberated slaves ? Let me ask what has been
done with them heretofore ? They have performed
various feats—they have done nearly all the labor
of the field, the household, and the shops. They
have reared and demoralized a haughty and dis-
loyal aristocracy, and reduced the poorwlntes in
their midst to a condition of hopeless degrada-
tion.
Shall we send them out of the country—colo-
nize them abroad? Sir, in the first place, we have
no right to expatriate them without their consent,
until, by their own wrongful acts, they forfeit their
God-given light to live upon the soil of their birth.
In the next place, we cannot at present spare them
from the country. Their free labor will be as es-
sential to the cultivation of free soil as their slave
labor has been to slave soil. A long time must
elapse before free white labor, in anything like an
adequate amount, could be found to supply their
place. They are inured to toil, they are adapted
to the kind of labor needed; and,from their known
docility, they would cheerfully submit to any ed-
ucational policy or economical system which poli-
tic justice and wise humanity should suggest. The
same plantations would remain spread out before
them, inviting their labor. The same fields which
have been the scenes of their terrible wrongs would
become their happy and peaceful homes.
No, sir; we cannot afford to send away from
the country such a vast capital of labor. To do
so would be to turn the rich plantations of the
South into barren deserts, and leave the remain-
ing loyal slaveholders lonely denizens of solitary
oases in the midst of wide-spread desolation.
Again: on the score of economy and justice to-
wards the loyal people of the nation, the present
is certainly a most unpropitious Lime to inaugurate
such a policy. Suppose that three fourths of all
the slaves in the rebellious districts (say three
millions in number, and this is a low estimate)
are to be paid for and sentout of the country un-
der this colonization scheme. If each slave thus
liberated and sent away costs the Government
§500, you have the small sum of $1,500,000,000,
chiefly to be paid by the loyal people of the coun-
try, already prostrated by the enoimous taxes
incident to the rebellion. Ought the people to be
required to submit to this additional and unneces-
sary burden, merely to gratify or appease the
villainous traitor who seeks by force of arms the
destruction of the Government and the utterg^'cr-
throw of ail free institutions? I say no—rrever!
I would sooner give him the halter than compen-
sation for his pretended property in human flesh
and blood.
But so far as regards material aid to such of the
negro race as may desire to emigrate, the ques-
tion is quite another thing. I am ready and will-
ing to render them all such aid as wise humanity
may suggest and their necessities may require.
I will not enlarge further upon this subject,, be-
cause it seems to me that a mere statement of these
facts is sufficient to show the absurdity and utter
impracticability of the whole scheme. But, to
conclude this subject, I will simply suggest that,
in my judgment, it will be a much more wise pol-
icy for the Government to leave this question to
be settled and adjusted by commercial negotia-
tions and those laws of nature which regulate and
control the migration of the races of the human
family.
Mr. Speaker, we must meet these questions. ■
