1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
ted States and to each of our Senators and K®Prj^eJ?!?tlves
in Congress. " J- W. BEARDaLbY,
Speaker of the JJ^cmbly.
G. W. HAZELTON,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Approved April 5, 1862. p HARVEY_
State of Wisconsin, Secretary's Office, ss:
The Secretary of State of the State of Wisconsin hereby
certifies that the foregoing joint resolution has been com-
pared with the original enrolled joint resolution deposited
in this office, and that the same is a true and correct copy
thereof, and of the whole of such original.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and af-
, fixed the great seal of the State at the capitol, in
[l. s.j Madison, this 16th day of Aptil, A. D. 1862.
EDWARD JLSLEY,
Assistant Secretary of State.
The joint resolution was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
the following bills; which were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims:
A bill (S. No. 276) for the relief of James H._
Ashbaugh;
A bill (S. No. 277) for the relief of J. J. Miller;
and
A bill (S. No. 978) for the relief of S. C. Web-
ber.
Mr. HALE. I desire the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill of which no pre-
vious notice has been given, and that the Senate
may understand what it is I will read the title. It
is a bill providing for the selection of jurors to
serve in the several courts in the District of Co-
lumbia. It is a very important bill, and makes
an important alteration in the law. I wish that it
may be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and I should like, if the Senate will indulge
me, to have the bill punted for the use of the
Senate.
There being no objection,leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 279) providing for the
selection of jurors to serve in the several courts
in the District of Columbia; and it was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE VliOM TUK PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary,
transmitting a copy of a correspondence between
the Secretary of State and Benjamin II. Brewster,
of Philadelphia, relative to the arrest in that city
ofSimon Cameron, late Secretary of War, at the
suit ol Pierce Butler, for trespass, ri ct armis, as-
sault and battery, and false imprisonment; which
was u-ferrcd to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
RAILROADS IN "WISCONSIN.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to withdraw the mo-
tion for the reconsideration, which I caused lobe
entered on Fnday last, of the vote by which the
Senate concurred m die House amendments to
Senate joint resolution No. ^6, explanatory of a
certain act therein mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is withdrawn, the Senator from New
Hampshire, who made the motion, having the
power to withdraw it.
ARRESTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution, and asked for its present consideration:
Resolved. That the Seeietaryof State be,and he is here-
by, directed toiuioim the Senate how many leMdents or
citizens of the ritate ot Kentucky have been arretted oi
removed from said State b\ hi*. oider or dueetion, andeon-
finod or imprisoned outside of the hunts of said State,
since tiie 1st of September last; thar he state the names of
the persons arrested, nud the camps, foi t-, oi pu^ons uiieio
they are or were confined: how Jong thev and each of them
have been impusoried; and that he give the number and
name* ot the petrous so attested and impt ironed who have
been released, and the names of the p^rs-ons so ane<tod
who are suit confined, and the place or places where they
are imprisoned; and that he report to the Senate the names
of all the citizens of Kentucky that have been imprisoned
by his oiders.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie over.
.The PRESIDENTprotempore. Objection being
made, the resolution lies over under the rule.
WILKES'S EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
- ---Mr.'COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Library,to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 67) to supply the
Smithsonian Institution with volumes ofWilkes's
Exploring Expedition, to report it back, and rec-
ommend its passage. I ask that it be put on its
passage at this time; there will be no debate
about it.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLLAMER. ^ I will say to the gentle-
men who are making inquiries of me that there
are some of these works in the Library; when
the law was passed for their distribution, the
Smithsonian Institution was not in existence, and
consequently it was not included, and it has never
had any copies. This is merely a resolution to
furnish the Smithsonian Institution with a copy
of whatever volumes of these works we have on
hand in the Library.
Mr. HALE. I think it is right. It ought to
go there; the most gigantic humbugs of the age
ought to be together. [Laughter.]
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to a third reading. It was read
the third time, and passed.
~ - ARREST OH GENERAL STONE;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
calls up the special order, the resolution of the
Senator from California, [Mr. McDougall,] call-
ing for information from the War Department
relative to the arrest of Brigadier General Charles
P. Stone.
Mr. LATHAM. Before my colleague pro-
ceeds, I wish to say that when the Senate ad-
journed on Friday last they were about to divide
on the bill then pending, which will be the unfin-
ished business at one o'clock to-day. I do not
wish to interfere with him at that time, and pre-
fer, of course, that he should continue his re-
marks; but with his consent, I move now that the
roll be called, and the consideration of that bill
proceeded with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator's colleague yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the vote is to be taken
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The "Senator proposes to
suspend the special order merely for the purpose
of calling the roll on the bill referred to. It was
not understood that the roll was to be called, or
that the debate was finished, but we were willing
to let the amendment go through, and let the bill
stand in the shape in which the Senator wanted
it to be.
Mr. LATHAM. If there is to be discussion,
of couisc I do not desire to interfere with my col-
league.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Collamer] says there will be further
discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prior busi-
ness will be proceeded with, and that is the res-
olution of the Senator from California [Mr. Mc-
Dougai.i.] respecting the arrest of General Stone.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, when my
remarks were suspended by the expiration of the
morning hour, I was discussing the position as-
sumed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
that it was the duty of the Government to act upon
mere suspicion, without requiring even technical
evidence against the accused. I expressed my
astonishment at the assertion of any such right
or power. In reflecting upon this position, and
the other views advanced by the Senator, I must
confess that I see what appears to me graver cause
of comment than first met my apprehension. I
seem to sec something of the spirit of Dominic
De Guzman, the abbot of Citeaux, and of the re-
lentless Torquemada; something of that spirit of
the inquisition which in the name of "the holy
office" arrogantly and profanely dared to say,
tk Spare none, God will be able to distinguish his
own among the slain." It may be well to trace
a brief parallel between the spirit, character, and
conduct of the inquisitions of the fourteenth and
fifteenth centuries, and the inquisition which has
suddenly sprung up in our midst, and appears to
frown upon us from every side with hosuie and
threatening eyes. The features of the inquisition
conducted in the name of" the holy office" weie,
first, secrecy; second, a most intolerant spirit;
third, absolute, despotic, tyrannical power, subject
to no law; fourth, disregard of every just or known
rule of inquiry, any known law of evidence.
These were the great marked characteristics
which define the inquisitions of an age the rec-
ords of which were a terror to our youth, and
should be a lesson for our manhood; a lesson for
our firesides, a lesson in all places where people
congregate, and a lesson in this Senate.
Mr. President, I propose, for the wisdom of
this discussion, to institute a brief parallel. The
Senator from Ohio, I trust, will excuse me if I em-
ploy his language and expressed opinions for the
parallel on one side, while I trust to the recollec-
tions of past history on the other. The parallel, or
the comparison, if you please, will be between the
inquisition of the fifteenth century in the States
subject to Rome, and the inquisitions now rec-
ognized and obtaining in this, the nineteenth cen-
tury,in the Republic ofthe United StatesofNorth
America.
I will first speak of the first marked feature of
the ancient inquisition—secrecy. That this was
one of the great features of the Roman inquisition
is known to all. I will simply inquire, what says
the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. WADE. Does 
ThePRESIDENTproJempore. The Chair will
put the question, does the Senator from California
yield the floor to the Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the gentleman
had better let me conclude my remarks, and then
he can be hoard.
Mr. WADE. Very well; go ahead, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand the Senator from Ohio to rise
to a question of order. If so, it is his right.
Mr. WADE. No, sir. I rose to put the gen-
tleman right, as I supposed he did not intend to
misrepresent; but as he chooses to go along with
his speech, be it so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California will proceed.
Mr.McDOUGALL. I will state to the gentle-
man from Ohio that so far as I shall undertake to
maintain this proposition, I will do it from his
own words, as he is reported in the official paper.
Mr. WADE. When you say that I com-
mended secrecy, you are stating what I have not
said or thought of.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will only read what
has been said; I will put the Senator's language
alongside of mine, and then no wrong can be done
to him, cither here or before the country. He
said:
" Sir, we have not published what we have ascertained
to any moital man except it was to him who was aimed
with the power of administering the remedy. No idle cu-
lio-sityhas. piompted any member of that committee to pio-
rlaim to the world as idle gossip the testimony that was
before it. I challenge the Senate, and every man of it, to
tell me which member of the committee or whcie have we
made known to the public what was going on before us. I
admit that as we ascertained facts, the existence ot mal-
practices, shoit-comings, and things inconsistent with the
proper and beneficial conduct of the wai, we have sought
interviews with the President ofthe United States, we have
sought them with the Secretary of War, and on some occa-
sions with the whole Cabinet, and there in secret have dis-
closed the testimony that has come to us, and we have
endeavoied to work out a redress, and in innumerable in-
stances I know we have done it, where, had it not been lor
that so-much maligned committee, the Administiation
would have been entirely ignorant of what was going on."
I understand, from the published language of
the Senator, that it is claimed as a virtue on behalf
of this committee, that they have instituted pro-
ceedings which have been altogether secret; that
matters have been inquired into and conclusions
arrived at affecting the honor of gentlemen, and
perchance their lives, and that these things have
been done in secret. I understand that such things
have been done.
Mr. WADE. That was understood wrong,
for it is exactly contrary to the fact. That is all
I have to say about it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does the Senator from
Ohio mean to say that General Stone was advised
of any investigation or what was charged against
him ?
Mr. WADE. 1 do, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Was the testimony re-
ported to him ?
Mr. Wx\DE. Every word of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. General Stone—has he
been advised ?
Mr. WADE. General Stone has been.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to interrupt this interlocutory conversa-
tion as out of order.
