110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
on Gray's Creek—the next largest on the road—
making in all seven bridges destroyed on the Pa-
cific railroad. The precise number of bridges
destroyed on the Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road, X am not prepared to state. There are gen-
tlemen here better acquainted with that road than
I am. I am speaking more particularly with ref-
erence to the Pacific railroad, which I am inti-
mately acquainted with. I live upon it; and it
runs through my district; and I am familiar with
every foot of it. The bridges destroyed have all
been rebuilt, and rebuilt at the expense of the
company. The company supposed, of course,
that they would receive the amount agreed upon
between the railroad companies and the War De-
partment on the 12th of July last. They are sat-
isfied with those prices.
Mr. FENTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that this joint resolution is
evidently very imperfectly understood, and that
there is a general desire that it should be printed.
If the gentleman will give way, I will move that
its further consideration be postponed until Tues-
day next, and that it be printed.
Mr. PRICE. I hope the joint resolution will
not be postponed. It is very short, as was re-
marked by the gentleman from Indiana, and con-
tains but two provisions. It provides for sub-
mitting this matter to the War Department.
Mr. F. A. CONKXING. I wish to ask the
fcntleman from Missouri whether I understood
im correctly to say that the damage done both
to the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad and the
Pacific railroad has been entirely repaired, and
that both roads are now in complete running
order?
Mr. PRICE. I think all the damages have been
repaired. They have been upon the Pacific road,
and, I think, upon the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road. They are now in complete repair, and are
doing all the work for the Government that is re-
quired, always giving the Government the prefer-
ence over all others. In fact, the business upon
the Pacific railroad has been entirely destroyed by
this rebellion in Missouri. If we are not to get
the pay provided for in this joint resolution, we
shall not be able to run the road; and if the Gov-
ernment should take possession of the road they
would find it no economy; they would find it not
only troublesome, but that it would cost more than
-the rates fixed between the War Department and
thocompanyon the 12th of July last. The friends
of the roads are willing to accept the joint resolu-
tion reported from the committee by the gentleman
from Indiana, believing it fair to leave this matter
entirely with the Secretary of War, and being
willing to rely,upon his judgment to do the com-
panies justice.
Mr. STEVENS. Would it be in order to post-
pone this bill, and have it printed?
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill he re-
committed,and that it be printed with the amend-
, ments, and made the special order for Tuesday
next.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend that motion
by instructing the committee to strike out the first
proviso in the joint resolution, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That tlx; rates allowed shall in 110 ease exceed
lliose charged by tailway companies geueially lui tiaus-
portation fur private pei sons-
Tile question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
MUSS AG Ji i'KOM HIE SKXATK.
A message was received from the Senate, by Air.
Founby, its Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate had passed the act (LI. it. -JM) for the
relief of Philip Speyer & Co., of the city of New
York.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, an act (H. R. No. 153) to authorize the con-
struction of twenty iron-clad steam gunboats, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
And that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion (S.No. 44) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Captain Samuel F. Dupontand officers, potty-
officers, seamen, and marines under his command,
for the victory at Port Royal.
COST OF UAIHROAD TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the House what amount has been paid to each of the
several railroads of the United States for the transportation
of troops; and also for the transportation of mihtaiy sup-
plies of all kinds since the commencement of the piesent
difficulty; and the amount claimed by each of such iail-
roads for such transportation stiii remaining unpaid ; also,
the schedule of prices on which such payments have been
based, limiting such statement to the information now in
possession of his Department, and readily furnished through
the proper office of his Department.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr, YAN WYCK. I call up for consideration
the report No. 2 of the special committee on Gov-
ernment contracts.
The resolutions reported by the committee were
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Seeretaiy of the Treasury be requested
to decline making any fuither payment to the parties inter-
ested jii the steamboat Cataline, on account of the charter
of &aid vessel by the United States on the 25th day of April,
1SGL
Resolved, That theSecrctaiy ofthe Treasury be requested
to adjust l he claim against the Governmentfot the five thou-
sand Hall carbines, purchased through Simon Stevens,
Esq., by General John C. Fremont, on the6th day of August,
18G1, and aftei wards delivered at the United States arsenal
at the city of St. Loin^, on the basis of a sale of such arms to
the Government lor $12 50 each, i ejecting all other demands
against the Government on account of the purchase of said
arms.
Resolved, That the practice of employing irresponsible
parties, having no official connection with the Government,
in the peiformance of public duties which may be properly
pci formed by regulai officers of the Government,andot pur-
chasing by pi ivate contract supplies for the different depart-
ments, whete open and fair competition might be pioperly
invited by reasonable advertisements lor pioposaU, is in-
jurious to the public service, and meets the unqualified dis-
appioimtion o! this Uoube.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the second
resolution by striking out the word " through,"
and inserting- in heu thereof the word " from,"
so as to make it read, "purchased from Simon
Stevens."
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, on the 19th
day of April, 1861, the world was startled with
the recurrence of one of those great events which
marks an era in the history of man, brands crime
with a deeper infamy, and exalts the virtues of a
generous manhood to a nobility almost divine, of
which heroes have boasted and poets sung. The
parallel of April 19, 1775, was complete; the days,
months, years, and cycles of a peaceful and happy
nationality had borne the Massachusetts soldier
from the field of Lexington to the streets of Bal-
timore. For a time the great American heart
ceased to beat. A national paralysis for a mo-
ment, and then the people realized the horrors and
cruelties of this unnatural war. The merchant left
his counter; the farmer the quiet of home*, the
manufacturer's shuttle paused in its half-finished
round ; the anvil rang not out the hammer's beat;
the lawyer's unfinished brief lost its interest; the
clergyman folded up his sacerdotal robes; mothers,
with the devotion of Spartans, bade their sons go
forth; the wife pressed more closely her new-born
babe, as she gave a porting, and with blessings
and piayers the husband went foith, probably
never to return.
The nation offered up its life, and emptied us
treasure into the lap of this gieat calamity; the
rich bestowed of his abundance; the widow gave
her mite, an only son, or a tear sanctified with
prayer. Not one of us can forget it. History, in
nftor times, will record this the noblest moral ex-
hibition of true courage the world has ever wit-
nessed. Scarce a whisper of treason or murmur
of discontent in all the North, and yef many of
those who made the welkin ring for truth "and
liberty, who professed to worship the tme God,
were ready to cry out, "Great is Diana of the
Ephesuuis!" hoping to ciucil'y the bpnu of free-
dom.
There wove others, meaner, baser still, only
watching the opportunity to make merchandise
of their country's misfortunes, com the. grief of
the nation into currency, and peril her mstitu-.
tions, if it could minister to their base cupidity.
One class commenced secretly sending intelligence
to the rebels; the other rendered to them no less
valuable assistance by conspiring to detiaud the
people and the Government. Almost the same
instant harpies besieged the Treasury here, and
the vultures m the North snuffed the spoils afar
off.
While the bridges destroyed by the rebels were
yet smoking in ruins, before the regiments im-
pededby their destruction could reach the capital,
the sappers and miners, who knew the trembling
necessities of the nation, commenccd the assault.
It has been said that in the panic of those times
watchfulness on the part of public officers should
not be required, and the larcenies of plundering
hordes should be overlooked.
About the time the New York seventh, the
pride of the Empire State, composed of the best
of her citizen soldiery; of men of wealth, high
family position, education, enjoying theconfidcnce
of the community in all the relations of life, with
the Massachusetts sixth, a regiment representing
the intelligence and business occupations of that
wonderful State, side by side were fording streams,
building bridges, laying railroad track, sleeping*
on the untented field, and when hunger was press-
ing upon them the seventh divided their last store
of bacon and hard biscuits with the gallant men
of the sixth, a contract was made in this city by
the Department with Dwyer,Laughman, Sibley,
& Tyler, for cattle, from two to ten thousand, at
eight dollars per hundred, live weight, delivered
here, and $5 75 in Pennsylvania. What facilities
had Dwyer & Co. for transportation which the
Government did not possess?
Government could lay its strong arms upon rail-
roads and use them; could plant its gathering
armies to guard the bridge and track. At that
very time an agent was sent by the Department
into Maryland, who, without difficulty,purchased
cattle to be delivered in Washington at $6 50 per
hundred, live weight. Besides, direct navigation
with New York was not obstructed by the Poto-
mac. Still more, if the danger of transportation
through Maryland was an excuse for this con-
tiact big with profits, why a provision that a por-
tion should be delivered in Pennsylvania if the
Department desired, and why were nearly fifteen
hundred received in Harrisburg, while scarcely
eight hundred were delivered in Washington ?
Notwithstanding the lions m the way, Dwyer &
Co. immediately sub-let the contract to New York
men, so that without any hazard or perils they
realized overthiity-two thousand dollars on about
two thousand head. They had no difficulty dur-
ing the panic of those times in making this con-
tract; why should the Government have found
any ?
There is no pretense that either of these men
had any special courage m overcoming dangers,
or remarkable skill in purchasing cattle; two were
railroad contractors, one particularly near to the
Secretary, one a lawyer, and one the winter be-
fore had been in consultation and negotiation with
rebels for the sale of arms. Thus treason and
corruption were continued at the capital.
Nearly simultaneous with this occurred another
transaction. On the 21st day of April, the Sec-
retary of War, although he well knew the great
ability and experience of Colonel Tompkins,
quartermaster, and Major Eaton, commissary in
New York city, wrote two letters to Alexander
Cummmgs, Esq. In one he " wants him to aid
the commissary in purchasing supplies, to assist
fhr- quartermaster in pushing them forwaid."
The other letter states that—
" Tim Depaituient needs at this moment an intelligent,
expei leneed and cneigotic man, in whom it can tely, to as-
•ust m pushing fonvaid tioops, munitions and supplies.55
No man knew better than the Secretary that
these qualifications wcie already possessed by the
Army officers in New York, on whom it teas safe
to rely. The Secretaiy then gracefully compli-
ments Mr. Cummings:
You ate acquainted with the interna! art alignments and
connection^ oi tin* r<uiioad-> in Pennsylvania., over which,
ioi ihepse eut, they will have to pass''
Can there be so much intricacy about the rail-
road connections m Pennsylvania that the United
Slates quartermaster in New York or Philadel-
phia was not conversant with them? The Sec-
ret nry then adds the touching appeal to his patuot-
ism:
I am aware that your private affairs may demand your
time, t am sure your pauiot^m will mducc you to aid me,
even at some loss to yc>ui&elf."
On the 23d of April, the Secretary again wrote:
" Jn consideration of the extraordinary emergencies
which demand immediate and decisive mea^ur^s, I iieieby
autliouze Edwin D. Moigau and Alexandet Curnmmgs to
make all necessaiy ariangemcnts foi the tianspoitation of
tioops, in aid and umistanw of the officeis of the Anny of
the United Staler.
