1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173&
Mr. McDOUGALL. It would appear, then,
that the Senator is either now incorrect or was in-
correct in what he affirmed in his speech made on
a former day. I refer to his speech as reported,
and as he is reported to have spoken for himself
and his committee. In that spccch, as reported,
he certainly did say that the proceedings of his
committee were altogether secret; that they com-
municated with no one except those who could
place their judgment in execution. (Not these
words, sir, "but these words in substance.) This
is the first time that! have heard of General Stone
receiving information of anything charged against
him. General Stone is a prisoner in the North;
I could not, if I would, inquire of him. I have
had no correspondence with him by word or pa-
per—I could not have had exceptunder the inspec-
tion of the War Department. For myself, 1 have
riot sought it, for this reason, let me say, for the
strong reason that I have absolute confidence in
his right and equal confidence in his adveisaries'
wrong.
The friends of General Stone, his counsel, do
not understand that he is advised of the accusa-
tions against him. I do not believe that he is so
advised. If, however, there is reason on the part
of the Senator from Ohio to affirm that this is so,
then permit, if you please, this further remark,
that, from information I have received as to the
manner of business of this committee as well as
of some other committees, gentlemen aie at times
called before them, as was General Stone. The
person called before a committee in his pride, or,
jf you please, vanity, supposes his opinions are
regarded as valuable in that committee, and ex-
pects to speak of something involving- the cap-
ture of Yorktown or Corinth. He appears be-
fore the committee; he suddenly finds thatanother
class of questions demand his answers. He finds
himself questioned as to his loyalty. He finds
himself interrogated about a thousand matters per-
sonal to himself; he begins to think that some one
has accused him; he inquires, " Are there any
charges against me?" He receives the prompt
answer, No." He having answered everything
asked, as it seemed to him to the satisfaction of the
committee, he goes on his way rejoicing. Sud-
denly, perhaps at midnight, or at any other hour
of the night or day, he receives an order of arrest,
ignorant for why or what. I do not mean to state
this as the case of General Stone; but it will an-
swer for the statement, and the truthful statement
of more than one case; but the case of General
Stone may be permitted to illustrate the point of
secrecy; he was arrested about midnight, without
notice, and at a time when, as I believe, he had
just been rendering his country important service.
The next feature of the inquisition is " a most
intolerant spirit." To prove this I will read, for
I do not care about elaborating or discussing in
detail the merits of the various remarks of the
Senator fiom Ohio:
lie may require ail the presumptions of innocence that
arc so often rtsoitcd to to shield aculpnt fioin tlio punish-
ment of Ins crime. It is done here. But, mj, the man
whose life is availed i!oe« not summon a jury, and the
nation whose lire is assailed by tiaitois need not summon
a jury- Ail you want ij> the power, honestly exercised, to
put it down."
So I understand it to be proclaimed here to the
country that because this is a time of war, any
man, a man at the head of our Army whose life
has been loyal,a man from anyone of ourcities,
from any one of our towns, from any one of our
farm houses, may be seized upon suspicion in the
absence of legal testimony, may be tried without
a jury, may be condemned without a judicial
judgment—tins innominable power exists some-
where. It must exist, for we witness its power,
not by virtue of the Constitution, not by virtue
of any law; but there is a silent, terrible power
which we have seen exercised, not limited by any
known law, and not qualified by any term. A
power which ignores the Constitution and all law.
A system which is no system, which is anarchy,
which knows neither the Constitution, the laws,
the judges, the jiuies, the judgments, or the ver-
dicts which should determine, as we have learned,
the rights, liberties, and lives of our fellow-citi-
zens.
All these rights I understand the gentleman to
ignore. The gentleman does not require a Con-
stitution, laws, courts, judges, judgments. He
would prefer to fall back into a state of nature, and
trust to see what so brave and strong a man as the
brave Ben Wade could do in the contest involv-
ing the general average of mankind. The Sen-
ator said again:
" Sir, I am tired of hearing these arguments in favor of
traitors. The Constitution takes their lives, their'property,
their all. Why s-hail we stop short7 Aie they not in quest
(•t outs? If there is any stain on the piosent Administra-
tion, it is that they have been weak enough to deal too len-
iently with these traitors. I know it sprung from goodness
of hrait; it spuing fiom the best of motives ; but,"sir, as a
method of putting down this rebellion, mercy to traitors is
cruelty to loyal men."
And again:
It is a irmarkable fact, and I fear not entirely to our
credit either, that while we have been involved in this great
rebellion, while this generation is taxed, and future genera-
tions will be taxed to the utmostof their capacity to defend
themselves, while this ungodly war was waged against the
best Government on God's eaith, and it has cost the most
precious blood of this nation to repel the insunection, after
one whole year has passed by, there has not yet been made
a single example ot treason, not one ; no attempt to take
the life, nay, even the propeity, of the hellish tiaitor that
has caused the sacrifice of oui dearest and most precious
blood."
Is not this an appeal for blood? Is not this an
attempt to rouse up the worst passions of the hu-
man heart? Is not this an exhibition of a most
intolerant and anti-Christian spirit? Is it not an
exhibition, not of anger, but of hate? Anger is
known in heaven; the feeling of hate is supposed
to be the peculiar property of hell. Why should
he hate the people of the South? We are angry
with them; we may be so. Anger comes on dur-
ing the controversy of the day; anger ceases at
night; it should with all mortal men. There is
and may be an ultimate vengeance which belongs
to God alone. He did not transfer to us the
power of exercising it. I cannot, in this connec-
tion, forbear to read an extract from Russell's
Diary m India, which may teach a lesson of hu-
manity to some of our people who urge this anti-
Christian spirit:
" Many years must elapse ere the evil passions excited
by these dt.-turbances expire; peihaps confidence will never
be icstored; and jf so, oui reign in India will be maintained
at the cost of suffei in  which it is fearful to contemplate,
ft is fortunate foi England that her mleis m fndia and hpr
generals in the field have been animated, on one point, at
ali events, by a unanimous '•pint, and that, in the Cabinet
and in the operations earned on by our generals for the pa-
cification of the disturbed district*, they have acted uencr-
ally as became enlightened statesmen and Chustiau men,
in opposition to the leiucious howl which has been raised
by men who have lived so long among Asiatics n« to have
imbibed their worst feelings, and to have foigotten the senti-
ments of civilization arid religion. As cruel as Covenant-
ers without their faith, as relentless as inquisitors without
their fanaticism, these sanguinary cieatuies from the safe
seclusion of their desks utter striduious cries as they plunge
their pens into the seething ink, aud^hout out{ Blood ! inoie
blood !' with tin1 unfailing eneigy and thirst of Marat or St.
Just. 1 Wo want vengeance !'they cry; ' We must have
it full; we caie not if it he indiscriminate. We are not
Christians now, because we are dealing with those who aie
not of out faith : rather are we of the faith and followers of
hun whopieaehed " the study ofievenge, immoital hale !"'
May their school peiish forevei, and thai i i«ht soon, or In-
dia is lost—lost with the approbation of the world—to the
Ciown ot Gieat Britain !"
This is a voice from the Old World, and is worth
the thought of a moment of the night, intermediate
the howlmgs. The fierce howl for blood heard
among us must cease; must certainly cease; it
must cease everywhere in the Republic. I warn
Senators and the country ofthis necessity. Above
all, I wain the young men of the Republic this
cry for blood must cease, or blood will not cease
to flow until the time when, young men, your
children will be mothers.
I have said that the third feature of an inquisi-
tion is absolute, despotic power, subject to no law.
Said the gentleman from Ohio:
"Sir, the man who invokes the Constitution in forbear-
ance of the law to punioli tiaitoisis him&clf a sympathizer.7'
Is there any law to punish traitors that contra-
venes the Constitution? I take it, not. The Con-
stitution is the supreme law of the land, and the
humblest man may invoke it; it is the shield of
freemen; and when that shield censes to be held
up by those who are in power to protect the mul-
titude, tyranny reigns among us. Again, said the
Senator:
li I do not want to heai any more of a man than that he
is invoking the forbeaiauce of the Constitution and thejjieat
barriers in lavor of American liberty to protect an infernal
tiaitor in his course, to know that lie is a sympathizer."
Now, let me ask him who made him hip broth-
er's judge, or made these committees judges?
There must be government; we may appointper-
sons to power who on careful deliberation, with
all the guards of law, may pronounce as to who
is innocent and who is guilty; but I ask the Sen-
ator, I ask his committee, what gave them the
right in secret to pronounce judgment upon their
brother? Suspicion, forsooth,and the wantof tech-
nical evidence, and the belief thataman is skulk-
ing about with evil dispositions towards the Gov-
ernment—these justify such proceedings! Sir, of
all the fiends that live in hell, suspicion is worst
accursed.
Ariosto undertakes to make this terrible enemy
of all uprightness a palpable thing, and in this
attempt undertakes to describe one of the victim^
or rather subjects, of suspicion. He says;
" Hear a story of one. of these miserables, which, what-
ever you may think of it, is true to the letter; such letter,
at all events, as is written upon the hearts of his race. He
was one of the fust who took to wearing beards; for,great
as he was, he had a fear of the lace of barbers. He built
a tower in his palace, guarded by deep ditches and thick
wails. It had but one drawbridge, and one bay window.
There was no other opening, so that the veiy light of day
had scarcely admittance, or the inmates a place to breathe
at. In this tower he slept; and it was his wife's business
to put a ladder down foi him when lie came in. A dog kept
watch at the drawbridge ; and except the dog and the wife,
not a soul was to he discovered about the place. Yet he
had such little trust in hei that he always sent spies to look
about the room before he withdrew for the night. Of what
use was it all? The woman herself killed him with his
own sword, and his soul went stiaight to hell. Ithada-
manthus, the judge there, thrun him under the boiling lake,
but was astonished to find that he betrayed no symptoms
of anguish. He did not weep or howl as the rest did, or cry
out, 'I burn, I burn.' He evinced so little suffering that
Jlhadamanthus said ( I must put this fellow into other quar-
ters.' Accordingly he sent him into the lowest pit, where
the torments were beyond all otheis. Nevertheless, even
here, he seemed to be under no distress. At length they
asked him the reason. The wretch then candidly acknowl-
edged that hell itself had no torments for hnn, compared
with those which suspicion had given him oil earth."
All the sages of hell in consultation could do no
more for him in their abode, and yet, unwilling
that he should find peace even among its raging
fires, sent him again to the earth, there to live in
his own old torments forever. Suspicion incar-
nate, always alone, always watching, the more
miserable the more he makes himself secure; but
always laboring to increase the security which in-
sures his increasing misery!
Again: the gentleman says distinctly of these
proceedings," I know it is not in accordance with
the principles of our Constitution; m ordinary
times it could not for a moment be tolerated.
This he avows; and how docs«he, or how do any
parties here, get the right to violate the Constitu-
tion they have sworn to support? That is a ques-
tion which I should like to have answered. I
should like to hear some one ingenious enough in
his logic, profound reasoner enough, to affirm that
it is consistent and just on his part, having sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States,
to indorse an act which he says is in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, and which
in ordinaiy times would not be tolerated. The
gentleman had better think whether this will be
long tolerated under any circumstances. It may
be found that the country does agree with him in
the proposition that it could not be borne longat
any other time. It may be found also that the
country also agrees that this wrong and outrage,
this violation of the Constitution and laws, will
not be tolerated at this time. It would perhaps
be wise even for the Senator from Ohio to inquire.
I have shown, Mr. President, the peculiar feat-
ures that characterize an inquisition. First, se-
crecy; second, a most intolerant spirit; third,
absolute, despotic, tyrannical power, subject to no
law; fourth, a disregard of every just rule of in-
quiry and every law of evidence. Now, as to the
rule of inquiry and the law of evidence, which was
the subject I happened to be presenting when I
was last on the iloor, the gentleman said:
Our Administration is assailed because, not having the
technical evidence in their possession to bung a man to
trial and judgment of death, they do not let him go at large
to plot against the life of the Government."
Not having technical evidence; then, what kind
of evidence would they have ? Technical evidence
is the mere skeleton of evidence, as unfit for life
as a skeleton without his clothes. Technical evi-
dence possesses no value without some additional
or corresponding facts establishes a correspond-
ing animus. Technical testimony as bare tech-
nical testimony would not justify any man in
ordering an inquiry, much less commitment or a
judgment. The term technical—the skeleton term
—is one that all men understand to be the mere
pretense or shadow of a thing, and if this be
wanted, what then ? The Government may seize,
may judge, may execute judgment, without even
