1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2693
The bill was reported to fhe Senate, ordered to
a thud reading, road the third time, and passed.
SUIIUKXDER, OP FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mi. WADE. I move now to take up Senate
bill No. 353, requiring an oath of allegiance in
cut Mm cases, and lor oihei purposes.
Tin: tiioijon w.is agreed to; and the Senate,as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that before any poison owing
service or labor shall be delivered up on the de-
mand of the person or personsHo whom such ser-
vice or labor is claimed to be due, and before any
process shall be hereafter issued by any officer of
the United States, or any other person, for the
arrest of any fugitive from service or labor, the
person or persons so claiming shall, in addition to
the oath now lequiied, take and subscribe to the
following oath or affirmation: li I do solemnly
swear (or affirm, as the cast; may he) that 1 will
support and defend the Constitution and Govern-
ment of the United Suites against all enemies,
whether domestic or foieign; that I will bear true
and faithful allegiance to the same, any ordinance,
resolution, or law of any Stale, convention, Le-
gislature, or order or org imzation, secret or other-
wise, to the contrary notwithstanding; that I do
this with a full determination, pledge, and pur-
pose, without any mental reservation or evasion
•whatsoever, and especially that I have not, by
word or deed, or m any manner whatever, given
countenance, aid, comfort, or encouragement to
the present rebellion, or to those who have been
or are now engaged in the conspiracy against the
Government, and that I have always been loyal
and true to the Government of the United States.
So help me God." Any person violating this oath,
or making a false statement in taking it is to be
deemed guilty of willful and con upt peijui y, and
on conviction, to be sentenced to solitary confine-
ment in the peuitentmt y for a period of not less
than five years, and to pay a fine of not less than
five hundiud dollars, and 10 be committed to the
common jail till the fine is paid. In all eases ol
arrest of persons claimed as fugitives from set-
vice or labor, it is to be the duty of the officer
before whom the fugitive shall be taken, to sum-
mon befoie him such witnesses as the fugitive
shall, on oath, declare to be mateiial to disprove
any of the allegations of the claimant or claim-
ants, or person oi peisons on whose affidavit the
ai rest was made, or to establish his freedom, and
in the examination and trial of such cases no
witness is to !>n excluded on account of color.
The bill also provides that m the Territories, the
Disti ict of Columbia, and all other places where
the Government of the United States has exclu-
sive jurisdiction, it shall hereafter bo competent
for any peison of color to make complaint, on
oath, before a magistrate, or other proper officer,
ngainst any white poison or persons, who shall
attempt to at rest, oi kidnap, or carry away any
col oi ed person without kga! authoi ity, or who
shall assault, or commit any other outrage.* or vio-
lence on the person or property of any colored
person, and it shall be the duty of such magis-
trate or other officer, as the case may be, to cause
the off ndcr or off. n.l'u s to he brought before him
forthwith, to be dealt with in the same manner as
if the olfense had been commuted on or against
the peison or property of a white person. And
in ail such cases, on the examination before the
magis'rate ot other officer, and on the inquest be-
fore a stand jury,as well as on the trial before
any court having jurisdiction, the evidence of poi-
sons of color is io be received with the same force
and effect ns if given by white persons.
Air. POWELL. 1 hope that bill will be post-
poned until 1 can have some time to look into it.
it strikes me that it is specially designed for the
purpoM; of obstructing the execution of the fugi-
tive'shwv law. It absolutely makes negioes com-
petent witnesses in all mattei s touching the anvst
of fugitive slaves. I have not had time to exam-
ine it; 1 have only heaid it read at the desk; and
I move that it be postponed until to-morrow in
oider that 1 may have an opportunity to look
into it.
Mr. WADE. I desire barely to state that I
shall not icsist this motion if the gentleman de-
sires to exam. iu: the bill, though it has been pi in ted
and laul on the table forsome time; but I give no-
tice that i shall call it up at an early day, and press
its consideration
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mi. Etiiertdcd, its Clerk, announced that (he
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate. without amendment:
A bill (No, 281) defining additional causes of
challenge and prescribing an additional oath for
grand and petit jurors in the United States courts;
A bill (No. 282) for the relief of Oliver Spencer
"Wood; and
A bill (No. 339) making provision for raising
property of the United States sunk in the waters
thereof.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolution
of the Senate with amendments; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 175) to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (No. 86) regulating the em-
ployment of the convicts in the penitentiary of the
Disti ict of Columbia for their improvement and
benefit.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreei ngvotes of
the two Houses on the bill (U. II. No. 413) mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of the bounty
authonzed by the sixth section of an act entitled
"An act to authoiize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public pi opei tyapproved July 22,1861, and for
other purpos's. f
The message also announced that the House
had parsed the following bills ami joint resolution;
m which the concuirence of the Senate was re-
quested :
A bill (No. 397) for the relief J. W. Nye;
A bill (No. 519) to increase the pay of Edmund
H. Brooke, the chief clerk in the paymasters
department;
A bill (No. 520) f<3r the relief of Seneca G.
Simmons:
A bill (No. 521) for the Relief of William B.
Dodd and others;
A bill (No. 493) providing that the officers of
volunteeis shall be paid on the pay rolls of the
regiments orcompanies to which they belong; and
A joint resolution (No. 57) teiuh ring the thanks
of Congress to Lieutenant George W. Morns, his
officers, and men.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message fu v I her announced that the Speaker
of the House of Repiesentatives had signed the
following enrolled lulls and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 193) to repeal that part of an act
of Congress that prohibits the circulation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in
the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 279) piovidingfor the selection
of jurors to serve in the several courts m the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Ulysses S. Grant;
A bill ('H. R. No. 475) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury to change the names of cer-
tain vessels; and
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 77) to change the
name of the bark Q,uebec to Geueial Butnside.
OATII OF OFFICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
puor orilej,n, iind take up House bill No. 3i 1.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I piote-st against taking'
up any mutter tfi t will lend to discussion.
Mr'TRUMBULL. I think this will not lead
to any discussion. It is a bill which has passed
the House of llepieseutatnes, and is leporud
from the Committee on the Judiciaiy. I think
theie will he no objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 371) io prescribe an oath of office, and for
other purposes, was consuleied as in Committee
of the Whule. It provides that heieafter every
person elected or appointed to any office ofhonoi
or profit under the Government of the United
States, either in the civil, military, or naval de-
partments of the public service, shall, before en-
tering upon the duties of his office, and before
being entitled to any of its salary or other emol-
uments, take and subscribe the following oath or
affirmation: "I, A B, do solemnly swear (or
affirm) that I have never voluntarily borne arms
against the Government of the United States since
1 have been a citizen thereof; that I have volun-
tarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons engaged in armed hostil-
ity thereto; that 1 haveneithersought nor accepted
nor attempted to exercise the functions of any of-
fice whatever under any authority or pretended
authority in hostility to the Government of the
United States; that 1 have neither voluntarily re-
nounced my allegiance to the Government of the
United States, nor yielded a voluntary support to
any pretended government, authority, power, or
constitution hostile or inimical thereto. And I do
further swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my
knowledge and ability, I will support and defend
the Constitution and Government of the United
States, and all laws made in pursuance thereof,
against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I
will bear true faith and allegiance to the same;
that I take this obligation freely, withoutany men-
tal reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I
will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the
office mi which I am about to enter. So help me
God." The oath so taken and signed is to be pre-
served among the files of the court, House of Con-
gress, or Depaitment to which the office may ap-
pertain. And any person who shall falsely take
the oath is to be deemed guilty of perjury, and on
conviction, in addition to the penalties now pre-
scribed for that offense, is to be deprived of his
office, and rendered incapable forever after of
holding any office or place under the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third-reading,and lead the third time.
Mr.SAULSBURY. I shall make no objection to
the passage of this bill; but I wish simpiy to sug-
gest to the chaiiman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary for his consideration this fact: ihatfor many
officers, the Constitution prescribes the oath, and
says what the oath shall be. Is itcompetentfor the
Congress of the United States to pass an act re-
quiring an additional oath,and saying that an offi-
cer who takes the oath prescribed by the Consti-
tution shall notexercise the functions of the office
unless he takes such additional oath ? That is the
question I wish to suggest. I have no objection
to Congress passing such an act; but to my mind
the question is at leastdoubtful as to the power ot
Cougn ss to say that a person who takes the oath
preset tbed as a qualification for his office shall not
exercise its functions unless he takes an additional
oath prescribed by Congiess.
Mi. CAIIL1LE. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMUULL. I wish simply to say in
reply to the Senator from Delaware, that I da not
think theie is anything in the Constitution of the
United States which prohibits Congress from pre-
stribmga form of oath that is not inconsistent
with tin; Constitution. Where the Constitution
prescribes that an oath shall be required, wo can-
not leave that out; but I do not understand that
there is anything in the Constitution to prevent
Congiess prescribing a form of oath, so that it does
not come m conflict with what the Constitution
requires.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Suppose at the next pres-
idential election the present Chief Magistrate of
the United States should be reelected; suppose,
on the 4th of March, 1865, he presents himself in
the east front of this Capitol, and the Chief Jus-
tice of the United States proceeds to administer to
him the oath of office, and the President says,
** the Constitution requires such a form of oath;
I am willing to take that oath." The Chief Jus-
tice replies that Congress has prescribed an addi-
tional oath, which he must take. Would he be
the Piesident of the United States elector not;
and would he not have the right to demand that
he be permitted to exercise the functions of the
office of the President of the United States by com-
plying with the constitutional requirement and
taking the oath preset ibed in that instrument? The
j fact that this does not impose any obligation in-
consistent with the oath in the Constitution of the
