1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
technical evidence. Do Senators admit that this
may be so ? God fore fend. I wili not reason about
this matter, for no argument on the subject could
furnish food for boys.
And these are notions presented by the friends
of human freedom; men who boast we are a free
people. Sir, such law is no law, it is the denial
of all law; and when law ceases, 1 am either free
or slave, as my power is. I will attempt to main-
tain my freedom against all the efforts of tyrants.
Again, the Senator says:
" The Administration have attempted to put that down;
tiicy have not succeeded ; and yet the Senator stands there
and says you should not arrest a scoundrel when you know
his heart is with the enemy."
And who gave the Senator to lenow men's
hearts, or who gave it to his committee? I thought
that belonged to the Great Ruler who knows all
hearts. "We only, by inference from acts, have an
opinion as to what a man's heart is and where it
stands, and then it is often a lame and impotent
opinion. Here the Senator knows that a man's
heart is with the enemy without the facts, as he
admits, on which to base the conclusion; without
even technical evidence; he knows that this man's
" heart is with the enemy, but who meanly skulks
from overt acts in their favor." There are, then,
no overt acts. Let us inquire, if no overt acts, then
what acts? Here is an admission that there have
been no overt acts. Then there are skulking acts,
and what are skulking acts? Acts done, if they
are done, and any man knows of their having
been done, are overt acts. Skulking acts are, 1
suppose, not overt acts. I suppose they are acts
of which nobody knows nothing; and in those
cases where nobody knows nothing it is perfectly
legitimate for an agent to play the absolute. So
far as the term is personally applied, I think skulk-
ing will be the last of offenses that will be charged
against General Stone. Ho wants now to meet
his accusers face to face; he has asked that he may
be permitted to meet them face to face. He has
never, I learned, even from the first, placed him-
self in a position wherein or whereabout his friends
or enemies have the right to use so low a term as
the word skulk m connection with him, and I now
beg his pardon in repeating it. General Stone has
sought for, he has even begged for inquiry. The
Senator said that my argument was, that in such
a case " you should not imprison him, you should
not restrain him; but you must let it all go, and
permit the enemy to be perfectly cognizant of
every expedition and of every move you make."
The Senator proceeds upon the knowledge of
men's hearts. What is more clearly inquisitorial ?
What stronger term could Torquemada have used
when, in the dungeons of the inquisition, he said
to his victim, " I know your heart, and your heart
is with the heretic; therefore I condemn you to the
torture and to the stake?"
Mr. President, I must say that I do believe that
of all that  s recorded as having been said by the
gentleman from Ohio, peihaps most of what he
did say was said by him without consideration,
that he did not think and did not intend to say
these things; but in the heat of controversy con-
sidering lumself assailed by me, he lost the con-
trol of his judgment, and gave expression to opin-
ions that were not either in or about his heart.
I was presented, however, in the course of his
remarks as to a certain extent General Stone's
advocate, as being his particular champion. I
understood that when the gentleman said " small
lawyers may get upon these great questions of
statesmanship and pettifog as a man would to
screen a felon before a justice of the peace, and
place his arguments on those narrow principles
of constitutional law," it was intended to include
myself. I have no dispute with the gentleman m
regard to the justice of the measure he applied to
me. If it pleases him fiom his sense of truth or
from any disposition to make a comparison be-
tween himself and myself, to thus characterize
me, it does not offend mc in the least. I think 1
shall be able to bear any such opinion on his part,
without being disturbed in my self-respect. But,
sir, it is not the fact that I stand here as the rep-
resentative of General Stone. I regard myself
here as the representative of a great and universal
cause. Truth, humanity, justice, right arc uni-
versal, and he who with unlawful power tramples
upon the meanest human being developes the
tyrant as well as ho who sacrifices the victim. It is
not in the name of General Stone that I speak. I
speak in favor of humanity, justice, and law,uni-
versal law, wherever law obtains; from that law
which controls the moving spheres to the law
under which we live, the Constitution and the en-
actments which our fathers framed—in their name
I speak in this Senate Hall; and I say in their name
that tyranny will not and cannot be permitted to
be the rule of our land.
But, Mr. President, when you strike down a !
general who has the confidence of a great body of j
the Army, you affect the whole country. Have |
you heard from the press throughout the country i
already on this question? That press speaks but
one voice. You have heard it even from the pul-
pit, as I have had occasion to advise the Senate.
We hear it from ail quarters of the land; we hear
it from the Army itself. But this is not one iso-
lated instance. This mode of exercising power
in the same quarter has been pursued in many
other instances, and let me state what I am afraid
is the reason for it, and if it be so, it is most mis-
chievous. The Army of the United States, that
part of it which has been in service, consists of
officers who left their homes in boyhood in Maine,
in Vermont, in New York, in the West,to attend
the military school, and as soon as they were ed-
ucated they were sent to all parts of the country
and traveled over all portions of the Union. Ren-
dering this service, they learned to think that
they had nothing to do with the party controver-
sies which were waged between the North and
the South throughout our land; few of them took
any part in our political controversies; they hardly
even read about them; but they regarded them-
selves as only bound to fight for the Constitution
and the Union. They have been called into ser-
vice in the field; they are rendering service. They
not only hold the offices that they formerly helil
in the service, but for various considerations they
have been placed at the head of our first com-
mands. Entertaining and practicing the opinion
that they had nothing to do with manufactures in
New England, the grain-growing interest of the
West, or the cotton or the negroes of the South,
they were at home in all places throughout the
Union, and becausc catholic in the sense of respect
for all parts of the Union, and equally willing to
maintain every part of the Union under the Con-
stitution and the laws. The question with them
lias been not what the Constitution and laws
should be, but what the Constitution and laws are.
These gentlemen, thus universal in their feel-
ings, and fighting for the Constitution as they
supposed, were not willing to prostitute them-
selves to any faction that ignored the Constitution;
and thus they became obnoxious to those men
who said " this war is to be carried on regardless
of the Constitution;" and thus there has been
made a systematic war upon the regular service
of the Army, an organized systematic war of
which we have heard, which we have felt every-
where since the commencement of this struggle,
and which has threatened us with great disaster.
Has there not been a continuous war made upon
that man who now, in high rank and office, stands
at the head of our armies? Has there not been a
persistent war made upon him for a long time ?
Have we not heard of applications having been
made by private citizens to have him withdrawn
from his high command 5 Have we not heard
that he has been annoyed even since he has been
with his forces before Yorktown ? War has been
made upon him as it was upon Stone; but it hap-
pened fortunately for the country, fortunately for
us all, that he built his eyrie too high among the
rocks for the bats and owls to reach him. He has
winged himself too strongly and too swiftly to the
azure sky for such birds to pursue him. Fortu-
nate, indeed, is it for the country, that, from his
high position and an already well-won fame, h
could not be successfully assailed.
But, sir, there is another instance, one not so
high in place, not so inaccessible to power, which,
if I have heard the story aright, is an equal in-
stance of outrage and injustice. Why is it that
the chief of the medical staff of the Army without
inquiry, without trial, without any proceedings
known to the administration of military affairs,
was suddenly visited in his office and furnished
with an order: " Surgeon General Finley will re-
port himself at Boston and await orders." He
was an officer who had organized the medical corps
of the Army. He entered upon the office of Sur-
geon General in Maylast,at the commencement of
the war, and now permit me to ask where has the
country heard, where have men connected and in-
terested in and with our Army movements heard
of any grave complaints of the medical corps of
the Army? Has there been any want of organiza-
tion in the medical staff of the Army? From a
small organization of thirteen thousand troops we
have swelled up to seven hundred thousand; and
I undeitake to say we have had a better medical
organization than the English or the French had
in the Crimea, one of the best medical organiza-
tions known to history. The Surgeon General
received a notification to report himself at Boston.
He is not imprisoned at Fort Warren; he is quite
an old man; he has served the Government for
forty-five years, and has been acknowledged and
accepted as a good and faithful servant. He is an
old man; he is not placed in Fort Warren, but he
is banished to Boston to await orders. He has
been there now, I think, some three weeks, and
another person put in his place as Surgeon Gen-
eral. Why should he be removed when he has
accomplished all the labor of organization ? Is it
because the medical corps is now completely or-
ganized? Is it because he is a man who has gone
through that labor and work, and who has done
it well, and in whose case the country has not
complained? There is a story about it, and I be-
lieve I am authorized to mention it, and 1 will
mention it for the purpose of showing the animus,
not political but personal, that governs the gen-
tleman who sits at the head of the War Depart-
ment.
A gentleman, a warm friend, and professedly a
great admirer of the Secretary of War, writes to
him from Pittsburgh, charging a gentleman of po-
sition inPhiladelphia, in the Government employ,
(Doctor Neill,) with having been guilty of mal-
practice and stealing. Secretary Stanton, in the
regular course of business, sends the communica-
tion to the office of Surgeon General Finley, and
it is presented to him officially. He directs one
of his subordinates to make a copy of it, and send
it to Dr. Neill, in Philadelphia,and ask him what
he had to say to the accusation made against him.
This gentleman,being indignant at theaccusation
of his having been guilty of malpractice and being
a thief, first sends affidavits and all the proof he
can to the medical department in reference to the
charge,and then brings his action for libel against
the accuser. The accuser's letter, or a copy of it,
is then produced, and he sends here and asks the
Secretory of War how this letter that he wrote to
him in all confidence has been published, the re-
sultof which 1"ias been that he has been sued upon
it. Mr. Stanton, not finding any fault with the
writer of the letter, calls upon the Surgeon Gen-
eral, and says: "Dr. Finley, you furnished a copy
of that letter upon a particular subject," naming
it, " to Dr. Neill, of Philadelphia; you have been
disclosing the confidential secrets of the office."
44 No," says Doctor Finley, " if any one practice
is universal in the Army, and I think a good prac-
ticc, it is that whenever a person in its employ is
assailed, the charges against him should be im-
mediately preferred." That is the rule, and the
violation of it is what we are now complaining of.
Mr. Stanton told him, " Sir, you had no business
to send that letter, under the circumstances, to
this gentleman," and he commenced reprimand-
ing him for it. I am perfectly willing, Mr. Sec-
retary,"said he, " to be reprimanded after trial
and judgment by court-martial, but I would pre-
fer waiting until I shall have been adjudged worthy
of reprimand." " Then,"said Mr. Stanton, " as
for your courts-martial, J have a prompter way of
doing business of that kind myself; sir, J can strike
you from the roll." Surgeon Geneial Finley re-
plied in substance,<l Sir, I was not prepared either
for your assault upon me or any such threat of
authority; I beg to withdraw."
The bare act of authority, superseding an offi-
cer of forty-five years' service, without any as-
signed cause, a man who was the head, and the
popular head, of the medical corps of the Army,
was out of any course or law of authority, and
struck the medical corps of the Army and thou-
sands of others with surprise, and upon the heels
of surprise comes inquiry. Tins arrest, for it is a
military arrest, of Surgeon General Finle}', has
opened other and further inquiries which I will not
undertake to conduct or answer. For the present
1 will content myself with saying it is a blow
struck at the heart of the service, and by way of
