2694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
United Stales, is not an answer to this objection.
You say positively by this bill that the person
shall not exercise the officc unless he takes this
additional oath; that is, you say, notwithstanding
he complies with every requirement of the Con-
stitution of the United States, still he shall not
exercise an office which the Constitution of the
United States says ho shall.
f submit, therefore, that all these oaths, from
beginning to end, requiring any additions to be
made to the oath required by the Constitution, are
utterly null and void; and when you provide that
a man who swears falsely in taking the oath is
guilty of perjury, and shall be punished with the
consequences of legal perjury, there is not a court
in the United States that would or could convict
a man taking that oath of perjury. What is per-
jury? It is not swearing falsely in every instance.
A man may swear falsely and not be guilty of
perjury; but he must swear falsely in reference to
a matter fhat is material to the issue; and an of-
ficer can only be visited with the pains and pen-
alties of perjury who violates an oath which the
Constitution requires him to take, if it be such an
office as that the Constitution requires an oath
should be taken before the discharge of his duties
is entered upon by the person who presents him-
self as entitled to the officc.
Mr. DAVIS. I have every disposition in the
world to favor the passage of all proper and con-
stitutional laws to secure the fidelity of the officers
of the Government; but it seems to me the Sena-
tor from Delaware has suggested an objection to
this bill that deserves serious consideiation. I hold
it to be an undoubted principle that the Congress
of the United States can neither add to nor sub-
tract from the qualifications prescribed in the Con-
stitution for any office. The qualifications for a
candidate for the Presidency and Vice Presidency
are presenbedand established by the Constitution.
There is no power on earth save the power that
alters the Constitution and in the act of altering
the Constitution, thatcan eitheradd to those quali-
fications or take away from them. Ir is so with
every other officer whose qualifications are fixed
and established by the Constitution, There are
certain qualifications which are necessary to make
a man eligible to a seat m the Senate or House of
Representatives. These qualifications cannot be
enlarged by an act of Congress; they cannot be
diminished by an act of Congress. Whenever
any citizen comes up to the constitutional rule and
measure, he is entitled to a scat, if he is elected ac-
cording to the forms of theConstitution; and Con-
gress, by prescribing another oath foi him to take,
different from that which the Constitution pre-
scribes, orby addingto thequalificationsofa mem-
ber of either House, cannot place a single obstacle
in the way of his taking his seat. Now, let us
illustrate it in relation to members of the Senate.
They must be citizens of the United States; they
must be thirty years of age; and they mustbe res-
idents of the State from whence they are elected.
I believe these are the three enumerated qualifica-
tion. What does this bill piopose to do ? It lays
down as a rule, though a man may have all these
qualifications, unless he takes the oath prescribed
by this bill he shall not be eligible to his seat and
shall not be admitted.
It is only necessary, according to my opinion,
to state the objection that it may receive the assent
of every intelligent man. This question has been
decided in the State of Kentucky in relation to
State officers whose qualifications were prescribed
by the constitution of that State. I will give an
example that has frequently occurred. Laws were
passed against dueling, and men were required to
take an oath against dueling before they could be
admitted toaseat in cither branch of the Legisla-
ture. Gentlemen that stood vulnerable to that ob-
jection, who had either sent or acccpted a chal-
lenge, or acted as a second in an affair of that
kind, met the question by refusing to take the oath.
In that form the question has repeatedly come up
and been decided by the Legislature of Kentucky
at various times within the last fifty or sixty yeai s;
and it has invariably been adjudged by that body
that such an oath was in the nature of an addi-
tional qualification to a seat in the legislative body
of the State and could not be imposed by law. It
seems to me that this bill comes plainly within
that principle:
That hereafter eveiy person elected or appointed to any
office of honor or piofit under the Government of the Uni-
ted States, either in the civil, militaiy, or naval departments
of the public ■seivice, shall, before euteiing upon the duties
of such office,and befoie being entitled to any of the salary
or other emoluments thereof, take and subscribe the follow-
ing oath or affirmation.
And then follows the oath. Now, suppose a
member presents himself for qualification in the
Senate, and refuses to take this oath, would that
debar him from his right to be admitted to his
seat? Not at all, sir, because he would have all
the constitutional qualifications necessary to fill
the office. The qualifications are prescribed by
the Constitution, and there is no law or authority
that can add to them, or that can subtract from
them. If the Congress may add to those quali-
fications, it may subtract from the qualifications
prescribed by the Constitution, arid may diminish
them. No gentleman would be prepared to admit
that it would be competent for Congress to pass
alaw abrogafingone of the qualifications to a seat
m either House of Congress that is prescribed in
the Constitution.
I know that it is becoming odious, and it is be-
coming stale,and almost disgusting, to make con-
stitutional objections to a proposed law here. But,
sir, I can as well conceive of repudiating the Bible
in making a Christian sermon as I can of passing
a law without testing that law by the Constitu-
tion. I think that the man would be just as ortho-
dox as a preacher who should get up and attempt
to preach a Christian sermon regardless of the
law of God, as revealed in His word, and in vio-
lation of it, as it would be for the Congress of the
United States to attempt to pass a law without
measuring that law by the Constitution; and how-
ever stale and offensive it may be to gentlemen,
and however distasteful to myself, whenever a bill
is presented that is in my opinion justly obnox-
ious to constitutional objections, I shall feel bound
to make thewi.
I have merely said this much for the purpose of
showing the ground on which 1 shall vote against
this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I quite agree with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that no law should be passed
which is unconstitutional; and I do not think there
is any force in the suggestion that objections taken
to laws on account of their want oi constitution-
ality should not be made because of their stalc-
noss; but I think the Senator from Kentucky has
fallen into an error in his argument upon this bill;
and I should be veryglad to satisfy him,if I could,
that such was the case. He will observe that the
Constitution of the United States presciibes the
form of the oath in a single case only, in regard to
the President. The form of oath is given which
the President of the United States shall take. This
bill, if he will look at it carefully, does not apply
to the President of the United States. It applies
to persons elected or appointed " either in the civil,
military, or naval departments of the public ser-
vice. " I apprehend that that woiild hardly em-
brace the Executive, the Chief Magistrate of the
nation. Therefore, I will lay aside the suggestion
which came from the Senator from Delaware, and
any suggestion made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky in regard to the President. I do not think
he fairly comes within the purview of the act.
Then, sir, there is no form of oath prescribed
by the Constitution which Senatois and Repre-
sentatives shall take, but there is a general clause
in the Constitution, which will be found in the
concluding paragraph of the sixth article, declar-
ing that—
"The Senators and Representatives beforementioned,
and the members of the several State Legislatures, and all
executive and judicial ofiieei?, both of the United Slates
and of the several shall be bound bv oath oi affirm-
ation to support this Constitution."
That is the general clause. Now, will the Sen-
ator from Kentucky undertake to soy that nothing
more than that can be required 5 Is it not the prac-
tice to swear every member of the Legislature in
Kentucky, and every judge of a court and every
officer in Kentucky, not only to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, but also the consti-
tution of the State ofKentucky ? That is the oath
prescribed in the State of Illinois and m all the
States of this Union. While every State officer
is required to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, he also has added to that the obliga-
tion to support the constitution of his own State.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CAIILILE. I beg to suggest to the Sen-
ator that the officers of a State hold their offices
under and by virtue of the State constitution, and
not under and by virtue of the Constitution of the
United States. They are purely State officers, and
the State has the right, in the formation of its con-
stitution, to prescribe for its own officeis what
oaths they shall take in addition to the oath re-
quired to be taken to support the Constitution of
the United States. But the inquiry I desire to
make of the Senator from Illinois is this: I under-
stood him to say that this bill would not apply to
the President of the United States. The bill reads,
that hereafter every person elected or appointed,
to any office of honor or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States, either m the civil, mili-
tary, or naval department of the public service."
I take it for granted that the office of President is
an elective office, and it is a civil office, and it is
an office of honor and an officc of profit, and it is
an office under the Government of the United
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it an office in the civil,
military, or naval department of the Government?
Mr. CAIILILE. I think it is in the civil de-
partment. What department is it in if it is not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The executive is one by
itself; it is one of the divisions of the Government.
Mr. CARLILE. It is both civil and military.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the bill does not ap-
ply to it, because it is in the alternative; it applies
to persons "elected or appointed" to any office,
" either in the civil, military, or naval depart-
ment." But the Senator from Virginia makes
the suggestion that State officers are elected in
pursuance of State constitutions and laws. That
is a very valuable suggestion; but what that has
to do with this question I do not see. The pre-
cise same words in this Constitution which pre-
scribe the oath for an officer of this Government
prescribe the oath for the officer of the State gov-
ernment. If the words are exclusive in one in-
stance they are in the other. What is the point
made by the Senator from Kentucky ? That you
can require no oath except to support this Con-
stitution. The very language of this Constitution
which says that the Senator shall be sworn in the
Senate ol the United States says that the Senator
shall be sworn in the Senate of the State of Ken-
tucky. You find the very same words in the
very same clause. The Constitution of the United
States says that the Senator of the United States
and the Senator of the State of Kentucky shall
take an oath to support this Constitution. Then
will you read it by saying the Senator of the
United States shall take an oath to support this
Constitution, and he shall take nothing else, and
the Senatoi of the State of Kentucky shall take
an oath to support this Constitution and he shall
take something else? If this Constitution is an
inhibition upon requiring any addition to the oath
of aUnited State officer, it is also an inhibition to
requiring any additional oath from a State officer,
because the language is applicable to both , and
precisely the same in both cases. What is the
language? It is, " the Senators and Represent-
atives before mentioned"—that is, the Senatois
and Repiesentatives of the United States—"and
the members of the several State Legislatures"—
shall do what? What shall they do? " Shall be
bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution." Now, it is argued that you can im-
pose no addition to this oath; that nothing else
can be required. Sir, if it cannot be required of
a United States officer it cannot be required of a
State officer.
Now, as to the gentleman's legal authority, he
says it lias been decided in the State ofKentucky
that the dueling oath, which was required by a
legislative act, was not binding. In one sense
that may be true. I have not the Kentucky con*
stitution before me, but I presume that the consti-
tution of Kentucky provides, as do most of the
State constitutions, the qualifications of membeis
of the Kentucky Legislature, and it confers upon
each branch of the Legislature authority to pass
upon the qualifications, election, and returns of
its own members. That authority is exclusive;
there is no appeal fiom it, and although a law of
Kentucky might declare, and although the courts
might decide that an act of the Legislature which
required a member of the Kentucky Legislature
to take the anti-dueling oath was constitutional,
it would be in the power of either branch of the
