214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
37th Cons....2d Sess.
Origin and Objects of the Wat—Mr. Price.
Ho. oi? Reps.
established by the patronage of a secession legis- j
latere. With such agencies in active operation—
with a net-work of secret organizations spread all
over the State; with bands of secessionists and
th'eir sympathizers enlisted and armed in almost
every county; with the idle, dissolutfe, and des-
perate from the purlieus of towns and from the
cross-road grog-shops, leagued in the- same cause;
with almost every office of trust and emolument
monopolized by revolutionists; with the press, the
stump, and the pulpit all crying out for southern
rights and cursing Yankee tyranny—is it strange
that the shadow of a great terror should have fallen
upon the State, and that " the hearts of men failed
them for fear and for looking after the things that
were to come ?" There was a time when no man
dared speak freely with his neighbor,for no man
knew who were his enemies. In many portions
of the State loyal men fled for their lives, and a
reign ofanarchy and terror was settlingdown upon
the whole Commonwealth. While the secession
forces were thoroughly organized and acting in
concert under secret oaths, Union men were with-
out any leader or concert of action, and being
mainly composed of quiet and peaceable citizens,
the substantial property-holders of the country,
were frequently overcome by the defiant tone and
noisy threats of their enemies.
And all this was foretold to us years before in
Missouri, by a voice whose echoes still linger about
the chambers of this great edifice. Thomas H.
Benton, one of the noblest statesmen of America—
a man whose thoughts and deeds will illustrate our
history long after the Republic he served has fol-
lowed him to the grave—told us, with the inspir-
ation of prophccy, of the coming danger, and
pointed out the time when the conspiracy would
culminate in rebellion. After a long life of devo-
tion to his country a merciful Providence hid
him in the grave, that he might not witness the
approaching calamity. And his old compeers in
the Senate—Douglas, Clay, Webster, and Jack-
son, patriots all, differing in many things but one
in their undying loyalty and love forthe Union—
these, too, are all gone from us, and we only kno%v
that
"There wasa Brutus once that would have brooked
The eternal devil to sauc his country's honor,
An easily as a king."
^hades of the mighty dead! If you still linger
about these haunts of your earthly fume, oh,
breathe upon the nation the spirit of loyalty, that
it may bring again the angel of peace !
Fortunately for Missouri help came in the hour
of her extremity, and she was saved from the
crime and shame of political suicide. The plans
of the conspirators, though full of'cuntiing and
audacity, were destined to be overthrown. If the
Governor had publicly repudiated his paramount
allegiance to the national Government, that Gov-
ernment still knew its rights, and knowing, had
both the will and the power to maintain them.
Right here I must speak a word of justice to that
noble few who, knowing the designs of the trai-
tors, took prompt measures to frustrate them.
Among that little band, and the real leader of the
movement, was my worthy colleague from St.
Louis; [Mr. Blair;] and when the storm has
cleared away, and peace is fully restored, that
State will honor the sagacity and boldness that
saved her from the fate of her old mother, Vir-
ginia. Old Virginia'. the mother of States and of
Presidents, living in peace, with lovely daughters
settled all around her, yet seduced by ambition,
and selling her virtue for an humble footstool be-
side the throne of King Cotton! How are the
mighty fallen!
Without stopping longer to dwell upon the se-
cession movements that brought on the war, let
"us consider for ti moment the mode of its prose-
cution, and the objects that are to be accomplished
before it can cease. The real object of the war,
as announced by the highest official authority, is
not conquest, but simply to preserve the national
integrity, repossess tiie property and places that
have been taken from us, and compel, if neces-
sary, obedience to the violated laws and Consti-
tution of the country. If it is a war in defense
of the nation's life, mid cannot end until the trai-
tors who have sought to destroy our peace and
'happiness—nay, our very nationality—shall lay
down their arms, and submit to be governed by
the laws which they themselves helped to frame.
If there had been any acts of wrong or oppression
on the part of the General Government; if the
people had been burdened with unnecessary taxes,
and foul injustice done to individuals or States;
if a starving multitude, whose substance had been
devoured by corrupt and greedy officials, had
cried for bread, then there might have been just
cause for a revolution to destroy tyrants and re-
store the rights of an oppressed people. But so
far from this, there was not a murmur of com-
plaint among the people in all the land. With no
taxes to pay; with perfect protection in the pui suit
of every legal and laudable avocation; commerce
and manufactures bringing prosperity to a thou-
sand towns and cities, and a fruitful soil and
genial climate filling the farmer's storehouses with
grain and his coffers with cash; with the blessings
of kindly social intercourse, and intellectual and
moral training brought to every hamlet and neigh-
borhood, no nation upon the face of the earth en-
joyed more rational liberty, or were the recipients
of richer and more varied blessings than the peo-
ple of the United States. But the same spirit of
unhallowed and unbridled ambition that first bred
rebellion in Heaven, and transformed angels of
light into spirits of darkness, sought the accom-
plishment of its wicked designs in the destruc-
tion of the unity, peace, and happiness of this
great people. To defeat their purpose, this war
is waged, and for such an object our cause must
and will be successful. God gave America to be
free, to become a sure refuge for the oppressed of
all nations; nor will he suffer the light of liberty,
so lately kindled, to be extinguished in a night of
anarchy or a sea of blood.
But the duration of the war and the amount of
mischief it may accomplish must depend greatly
upon the spirit in which it is conducted by the
loyal part of the nation. If the war is waged for
any other purpose than that of restoring the Union
and vindicating the honor of violated laws, no man
can tell where it shall end, or what untold wretch-
edness and misery shall follow in its course. I
am aware that there are those who regard domes-
tic slavery as the sole cause of the existing strife,
and hence urge the destruction of that institution
as the only means of putting an end to the con-
test. No policy more fatal than this to the whole
nation can possibly be imagined. Such a course
would extinguish the last spark of loyal sentiment
in the South, unite them as one man in the pros-
ecution of an endless conflict, and we could only
conquer a peace by transforming that whole re-
gion into an unpeopled solitude. Whether the
four millions of slaves thus liberated should be-
come a greater curse to themselves than to the
white inhabitants among whom they would be-
come outcasts and vagrants, experience alone
would determine. But I feel no apprehension of
such a change in the public mind as would lead
to the adoption of this infernal policy. Upon this
subject the American people owe a debt of grati-
tude to Abraham Lincoln for the firmness and con-
sistency he has exhibited from the commencement
of his administration to the present time. None
but himself can ever know the amount of exter-
nal pressure that has been brought to bear to force
him from the path of constitutional right. Firm
in his own integrity, and conscious of the justice
and equity of his coursc, ho has thus far remained
"steadfast and immovable," in spite of the thou-
sand influences that have been brought to bear.
Like the'old Roman soldier, when attacked by a
crowd of brigands and cut-throats, he has planted
his back against the rock of the Constitution, and
will die in his tracks before he will surrender his
position. All honor to the President for his moral
courage and conservative patriotism! His well-
known viejvs upon the subject of slavery as a do-
mestic institution, and his earnest desire that those
directly interested should take steps for its grad-
ual abolishment, connected with his rigid observ-
ance of all constitutional guarantees, exhibit his
conduct in a light to demand unqualified applause.
I need hardly say hero that I am utterly op-
posed to any measure which looks to the eman-
cipation of slaves without the free consent of their
owners. The whole subject is one with which
Congress and the General Government have noth-
ing to do; and thelessitis meddled with the sooner
our present troubles will end. Whenever the peo-
ple—the bona fide property holders of my State—
desire to take action upon the subject with refer-
ence to a prospective change of system, they shall
meet with no opposition from me. But I protest,
and ever shall protest, against any sudden or vio-
lent action upon so grave a subject as this. Sud-
den emancipation, without proper provision being
made for tjhe manumitted slaves, would prove a
terrible curse to them, as well as to the people
among whom they had lived. The immediate
emancipation of the slaves in the United States
would demoralize the whole nation, anil leave the
black race to dwindle and die out like the Indian
tribes who once inhabited these valleys, and gave
name to every lake, stream, and mountain on the
continent. 1 voted against the bill for emanci-
pating the slaves of rebels, and against all such
measures I shall continue to protest, as directly
calculated to injure the slave, at the same time
that they increase the horrors and atrocities of the
war, and lengthen its duration.
With regard to another subject—the confisca-
tion of the property of rebels—which has been
before Congress in different shapes, I have had
more difficulty in determining the course of action
proper to pursue. The practice of general confis-
cation,as a penalty for political crimes, naturally
belongs to a ruder and more barbarous age than
the present; and our fathers, not anticipating the
commission of such unnatural crimes as have dis-
graced the history of the present time, made no
proper provision for its exercise in the Constitu-
tion which they framed. That instrument, as com-
prehensive and perfect as arty fundamental law
ever devised by the wisdom of man, must be pre-
served if we would save our periled liberties. It
was violated by our enemies in the first act of se-
cession passed in South Carolina, and since that
time it has been trodden and spit upon in every
rebel State. If we abandon this sheet anchor of
our liberties we shall drift out upon an unknown
and stormy sea, without compass or rudder, and
must go down in the vortex that lias swallowed
so many republics before our time. Once openly
violate the Constitution we have solemnly sworn
to maintain, and no bounds can be placed where
radicalism and fanaticism shall pause. Mutilate
this sacred chartof freedom,and theUnion which
we so dearly cherish will not be worth a year's
purchase. For this reason I felt compelled to vote
against the general confiscation bill that has just
passed in this House. I did this, not because I
am opposed to visiting with a just punishment the
authors and leaders of the present mostrous rebel-
lion, but because of its sweeping provisions, and
the doubt of its conformity to the Constitution.
I should take great pleasure in voting for a meas-
ure that was obviously free from these objections.
I have no word of pity or prayer for clemency
for the real authors of the great calamity that has
been broughtupon the nation. I would have them
suffer apenalty of death or perpetual banishment,
that future plotters of treason might take warning
from their bad example and gloomy fate. But
with the leaders the work of signal retribution
should stop. Thousands upon thousands have
been duped, deluded, or dragged into this rebellion
who were at the outset as loyal as you or I; mid
while we cannot commend their sagacity in being
utterly deceived and led astray by the " lying
wonders" propagated by secession leaders and
orators, we should strive to save them from the
consequences of their own madness and folly.
In a sweeping measure of this kind, reaching
down to the common soldier, and involving him
in the same fate with his better-informed and more
guilty commander, there is a practical difficulty
which 1 fear has not been fully appreciated. If
the radicals should succeed in passingall the bloody
measures they propose—and I believe they are
so determined upon extreme measures that they
would rather lose the confiscation bill than fail
to have emancipation go along with it—there
would not be a loyal man left in any of the seceded
States. Who then is going to buy the confiscated
estates when they are put up at auction ? Do you
intend to drive the population into the sea, and
resell the cotton and sugar plantations as you do
the wild lands of the West?
If this is to be your policy, proceed at once to
enact the bloody code, and the more sanguinary
the better it will be for your purpose; then in-
