712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
million muskets, at fabulous prices? Who pre-
tends a public exigency to make a private eon-
tmctfoi rifling cannon to the amount of$>800,000?
Kentucky is proverbial for her splendid horses.
Her loyal citizens would have been benefited by
sales to the Government. Who will pretend that
the public exigency required that when cavalry
regiments were to be forwarded fro,m the State of
Pennsylvania to the land of the dark and bloody
ground, it was necessary to transport, at great
expense,, the remaining disabled, diseased horses
left in the Keystone State ? My colleague on the
conaraittec, [Mr. Dawes,] a few days since, spoke
of the peace-offerings to Pennsylvania politicians,
and referred to the horses of Colonel Williams's
regiment.
there is yet another case: a contract, not made
upon the responsibility of the bureau, as the late
Secretary said, but by his express order, and refused
to be made until so ordered. I refer to the con-
tract to purchase one thousand horses, to be de-
livered at Huntingdon, Pennsylvania. Such a
horse market the world never saw. The fust in-
spector—an honest man—of the first hundred re-
jected three in five. 'The next day owners refused
to present themselves, and by some legerdemain
he was removed and others substituted; then
horses of all ages, from two to thirty; of all dis-
eases and defects, secret and open, were from day
to day received. The whole neighborhood were
inarms. The people remonstrated. Lawyers and
clergymen were present at the inspection, and
sought to deter the buccaneering crew by open
condemnation; the inspectors heeded not this
clamor, but ordered the horses to be ridden upon
the crowd to drive them away, if possible. Horses
with running1 sores, which were seen by the in-
spectors, were branded; and if one outraged com-
mon decency he would be rejected, and an oppor-
tunity sought the same day to pass and brand him.
Immediately the horses were subsisted by private
contract to favorites, at thirty-nme cents per day,
and they sub-let to farmers from twenty-foui to
twenty-six. Over four bundled of these bursts
were sent with Colonel Wynkoop's regiment, and
the papers at Pittsburg report some actually so
worthless they were left on the docks. The re-
maining live hundred were left at Huntingdon for
the benefit of contractors. In that single transac-
■ lion over fifty thousand dollars were stolen from
the Government. Such fiends in human shape
care not for exposure; a felon's doom through life
should be theirs; and ihe labors of your committee
will be of little practical value unless Congress
shall by law punish with severe penalties such
enormities.
At one time it would seem there was an inten-
tion io establish a hu^v contract brokerage system.
The testimony of M r. John Smith, of Kingston,
New York, powder mannfactmer, shows that in
tilt; month of May he proposed to gi\e J\Jr, Weed
apercentagc for a. powder contract. That he went
to the Astor Iiouse, met Mr. Davidson, whom lie
had never seen before, and inquired of him lor Mr.
Thurlow Weed. During the conversation he
asked what Mr. Smith wanted of Mr. Weed; on
being told, he inquired of Mr. Smith what he
could alford to pay; he replied live per cent. Mr.
Smith also says that Mr. Weed asked him what
he could alford to nay. That afterwards, at Wash-
ington, he handed Ins propositions for powder to
Mr. Weed, who took themtoMi. Cameron. The,
result was that Mr. Weed was authorized to write
a letter to Genera^ HipJey, the head ot the Oid-
nance department, to divide the contracts for pow-
der between the States manuf ictimng. It is some-
what strange that the Secretary should appoint
Mr. Weed as his messenger to carry his wishes to
the diiferent bureaus. Mr. Smith understood that
he was to puy Mr. Weed five per cent.
Mr. Lafliu also testified that his powder firm
demurred to paying Mr. Weed five per cent.; that
Mr. Weed gave them authority to make one thou-
sand barrels of powder, but they preferred hav-
ing the authority directly from the Government.
He also testifies that the patriot, Dwyer, who fig-
ured in the cattle contiact in May or .Tune, at
Washington, told him if he would give five per
cent, he would seii all the powder he could make;
but Laflin declined.
Favorites obtain contracts when frequently they
have not the pecuniary resources to fulfill them,
agd are not manufacturers of the ai tides to be de-
livered. The prot^ssion.il politician or the retired
ex-member of Congress, who has a large contract
which requires much machinery and great me-
chanical ingenuity, evidently takes it as a specu-
lation; takes it to enrich himself, or extort from
the pockets of honest industry; takes ittosub-Iet to
skillful manufacturers at reduced prices. The De-
partments which give contracts to men knowing
that they have not in and of themselves the facili-
ties for executing them, are Reprehensible and de-
serve severe censure. What excuse is there for
an honestDepartmentto pension this gang of mid-
dle-men ? All the ill-gotten gains found m their
pockets is so much stolen from the Treasury.
Even in the Treasury Department—pure and
upright as I believe the Secretary to be—what
business man could justify, or who, in his own
transactions, would allow that a contract of over
half a million expenditure should be competed for
by only two firms, who could combine and unite?
It is no answer to say that the work is done as
cheaply as before; the spirit of the law has been
violated and the millionaire enriched; besides, the
products of all departments of labor are cheap-
ened by the stagnation of business. In this mat-
ter of the bank note contract, as in some others,
underlings control the affairs of the Department;
they say who shall approach within the charmed
circle, they say whose papers shall be put on file,
and whose shall be gladdened by the eyes of the
Secretary.
The soldier who, borne down by disease and
overcome with fatigue, is found sleeping at his
post^ you punish with death; while the miscrcant
who holds his festival at this carnival of blood
rides in his carriage, drinks champagne, and dines
with Cabinet ministers, you treat with deferential
respect. Do you say Government cannot banish
treason and punish crime?
On the 4th day of July, I860, at Occoquan, Vir-
ginia, Mr. Underwood raised a pole, unfurled the
American flag, and a banner with the names of
Lincoln and Hamlin. Jackson, the slayer of Ells-
woith, with about forty men, cut it down, tore
up the stais and stripes, and earned off the banner
as a trophy. One of the ringleaders of that mob is
this day m the employ of the Government in this
city.
The laboring men who testify against officials
arc removed, while the wietch who has been
robbing the Go\ernment is worthy a betterplace.
Is it possible that this monstrous system of wrong,
extended from the Atlantic to the Mississippi,
from the Potomac to the lakes, cannot be stopped,
or even checked? If that be so, bettei disband
our armies, and let the oligarchs of the South rule
and reign over us.
This committee has been in session for months;
Government officials must be aware of its power
of examination; still, at the commencement of
this session, inspectors of horses were colluding
with contractors; superintendents,rejoicing in the
title of captains, were selling Government horses
to private citizens, taking diseased and worthless
horses from the commons, branding them in the
sei vice of the United States, so they mi<;htreceive
full pay for the same; city butcheis buying meat
from Government supplies.
Your Government retains in this capital, in seats
ofhonorand profit,and around our council boards,
men whoso heartparefilled with treason, and minds
with rebellion. Your Departments are disinclined
to hear charges of treason or corruption ; they
would rather ostracize those who furnish the truth
than remove the treasonable and guilty offenders,
i am not harsh; I only speak what, standing m the
mighty and august piesence ofstirring times, con-
templating a bleeding, suffering country, I feel it
my duty.
I have a right thus to speak in terms of warning
and admonition to an Administration which I
aided to elect, to whose principles I am commit-
ted, by which we must pass through the Red sea
of tribulation, and must be carried safely through
the wilderness beyond. But L have a right to ask
and beseech, in the name of a commerce crippled,
labor paralyzed, finances disturbed, and Treasury
empty—in the name of that gallant army of five
hundred thousand, which this day on the tented
field are waiting to rescue a country loved through
fire and blood, to lay down and die that a nation
may live—in the name of five hundred thousand
hearth-stones made dreary by the loved ones
away—of the vacant chairs around the evening
fires—of the thrice five hundred thousand friends,
anxiously looking, fearfully expecting, tiem-
blingly hoping, that this Administration shall
remove treason from the capital, and corruption
from the land.
Five hundred thousand men are in arms against
the rebels, but twenty millions are in arms against
the crew of plundering leeches; that twenty mil-
lions will be in arms against us and this Admin-
istration, unless their polluting presence is driven,
as the money-changers of old, from the temple.
Since this report has been submitted to the
House, Mr. George D. Morgan has prepared an
elaborate paper, showing the benefits of his agency,
and relies upon the fact that in nearly every in-
stance he paid a less price than the owners asked.
We can test the strength of his position by the
Stars and Stripes. To build her cost <£36,000; by
her charter the owners realized $15,000 fiom Gov-
ernment; they then asked $60,000. Mr. Morgan
paid $55,000—$5,000 less than they asked, but
$19,000 more than she cost. While with the
Potomska and Wamsutta the owners realized
§53,000, the Government paid $60,000, although
Mr. Morgan's papers allege he was asked $80,000.
This Seems the reverse of the proposition. The
Onward was offered to private parties for §26,000;
Mr. Morgan was asked $30,000, and paid $"27,000.
These are not the only instances, as the commit-
tee will show by a further examination, to which
they are invited by the Secretary, and directed by
a resolution of this House.
Secretary Welles, a man estimable in all the re-
lations of private life, honest himself, would not
take a farthing from the Treasury, seeks to justify
Mr. Morgan, by showing that the Governmentin
times past were imposed upon by impositions on
the regular officers; and he employs an agent with
no salary, yet putting him in the position of an-
tagonism to his Government, making his interest
agamstit;for thegreatest number of'vessels bought
and the highest price paid nets him the most
money. For the credit of the Government such
practu es should cease. Wehavenotonly arightto
Mr. Morgan's skill,experience,and shrewdness,
but we have the right to the benefit of that ruling
feeling with many business men—that of interest
for his employers. It is no answer to say that Mr.
Morgan is honest. Grant it. Mr. Morgan is fond
of money, or he would not, he could not consent to
take nearly ninety thousand dollars of the money
which lias been paid to him in about five months.
A man who is thus greed y of gain evidently is more
zealous of his own than his country's interests.
Besides, if the Secretary needed his native inge-
nuity and business capacity, which I admit is ot
high order, why not employ and give him a fair
remunerative salary, as other men are employed.
He says this $90,000 was taken from the pockets
of the sellers. Not so. Mr. Morgan always no-
tified them they must pay him two and a half per
cent, on the purchase;*that they must name the
lowest cash price, and add two and a half per cent,
thereto. If Mr. Morgan possesses the business
ability which the Secretary claims, and which I do
not doubt, he certainly could have obtained all the
vessels at the price he did, less the two and a half
per cent. Who doubts il?
Why should not the sellers as readily have
given the two and a half per cent, to Government
as to Mr. Morgan ? No, sir; that fallacy may suit
the Secretary, but it will not deceive the people.
In September last, when Mr. Morgan had made
over fifty thousand dollars, representation to the
Cabinet was made in regard to this matter, and
the attention of the Secretary directed to it. Had
he changed the policy no censure could have been
chargcd upon him; but he persistently refused;
and in December Mr. Morgan had increased his
fortune to the enormous sum of about ninety thou-
sand dollars—at the rate of a quarter of a million
per annum. Mr. Morgan's services could have
been secured at ^5,000 annually, and this enormous
sum saved to the Treasury; but if this be not so,
and men owning vessels have been compelled or
induced to sell them at small prices, what right
has the Secretary to allow his brother-in-law to
pu this hands in the pocket of each seller, and real-
ize the immense sum of §90,000 in afew months?
That money really belonged to the Government.
As an agent, he takes it; and if it be an uncon-
scionable amount, it belongs to his employers.
The Secretary should know that the rules of the
Chamber of Commerce in New York as to com
missions do not apply where the value of the ves-
