1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
3Tth Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel1 Property—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
struct the President to free ali slaves by procla-
mation, and warn the five or six millions of white
inhabitants—men, wo men, and children—to aban-
don their homes, and flee for refuge to some for-
eign country; then send three millions of anrted
men to enforce the order, and if they are not met
and driven back by the combined armies of Chris-
tendom, the work may be accomplished. In that
case, we should have a vast unpeopled and un-
productive territory, and four millions of wander-
ing, half-starved vagrants. The fact is, these
extreme measures of sweeping vengeance will be
utterly inoperative and impracticable, if enacted,
and will do nothing but kill themselves and ex-
pose us to the just censure of the civilized world.
For this reason, I would have a discriminating
measure that should punish the guilty leader, and
pardon, upon submission, his deluded followers.
This Government is strong enough to be mag-
nanimous as well as just. We owe to ourselves,
as well as to a decent respect for the opinion of
the Christian world, the exercise of moderation
and magnanimity. A spirit of vindictive venge-
ance belongs to a cowardly soul, and there is
no more reason for inflicting fearful and indis-
criminate punishment upon conquered rebels, than
there is for being frightened from our propriety
and letting Governors make fantastics of them-
selves in calling upon the masses to defend the
capital, because a rebel general has outwitted one
of ours, and made a successful dash at a stray
regiment and a train of wagons. Bring forward
a measure that shall punish the guilty authors of
the war and extend pardon to the deluded and
returning masses, and I will unite cordially in its
support. At the same time, if you will so amend
the law against treason as to graduate the penalty
from death to fine and imprisonment, according
to the turpitude of the crime, you will find judges
and juries who will aid in carrying it into faithful
execution.  
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. W. KELLOGG,
OP ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1862.
The House having under consideration the hills to con-
fiscate the propeity and free from seivitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Speaker: To restore the Governmentin lis
functions, unity, and power, and to preserve the
Constitution intact, should be, and doubtless is,
the desire and object of all true men. In considcr-
jn<r the various'propositions before the House,
th?s object should be kept constantly in view; for
though the rebellion be crushed, yet if we have
infracted the Constitution and dissolved its great
bonds, we have indeed accomplished little more
than the rebels themselves designed—the destruc-
tion of the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, from the reflection I have been
able to give this subject, I am satisfied that the
passage by Congress of a judicious confiscation
bill will be in consonance with the spirit of the
Constitution andmaterially tend to the restoration
of the Government. In this, like all other Gov-
ernments, there are two great elements of the ad-
ministration of its powers: one to be broughtinto
exercise when the physical power is developed
in arms and armies, the other to manifest itselr
through judicial tribunals. The war power, so
called, is a part of and incident to every Govern-
ment, and whether written expressly m our Con-
stitution or not, is nevertheless a part of it. No
Governmentcan exist permanently withoutit. It is
its shield. It is that power alone to which recourse
can be had when its existence is threatened by
invasion from abroad, or civil war within its own
limits. To deny this power would be to deny the
right and power of self-protection. These powers
are both written in the Constitution, and do in
nowise conflict with each other.
The Constitution declares in express terms the
war power. It is as clearly laid down, it is as
distinctly marked out, as any express power that
is o-iven by the Constitution. But even were it
no?declared in express terms, I assume tbat the
Government cannot exist without it. The mo-
ment you form a government with the view of
exercising the functions of a government, that
moment you give to it the great element of self-
preservation, which is ho more nor less than the
war power. The power to protect itself.
Mr. Speaker, if our Government does not pos-
sess that power to-day, it is a failure, a rope of
sand, it is a useless thing that we have revcrenced
for many years. If, sir, we, as a nation, have
not the power of self-preservation, it is time that
the people of this Government, with its great
prosperity and its great inherent elements of
power, should bestir themselves, and fix it as a
cardinal principle of the Constitution. But, sir,
no need of this. The Constitution expressly de-
clares, in language not to be mistaken, that the
Government shall have power to declare war and
to raise armies. "What more can be asked? What
is the object of the power to declare war? None
other-than the object of maintaining the Union in
perpetuity; for in this Christian era of the world
Governments should have no other object than the
maintenance of their rights, their dignity, the
happiness and prosperity of the people, and the
perpetuity of their existence; and this Govern-
ment has all the power which is necessary to ac-
complish that high object. And incident to that,
I assume, is the power of the confiscation of the
property of enemies, engaged either in civil war
or in war between two nations or Governments.
The short time allowed by the rules of the
House for the discussion of this subject, requires
that we should glance as hastily as possible at
some of the main points necessary to be consid-
ered and discussed. 1 confess, sir, that I have
been somewhat surprised in the discussion that
has taken place in this House by men of eminent
learning and patriotic motives, who have seemed
to rack their brains to find some reason why we
have not the power to effectually and speedily
crush out this rebellion. When this Government
is struggling with mighty throes under the grent
events "that are upon it, when its very existence is
threatened, its true friends should seek first to find
authority for that reasonable power which will
sustain itamUransmititto posterity in perpetuity.
On the contrary, here m this House, efiorts are
being made, with great ingenuity, to show that the
Constitution islimited in its power of accomplish-
ing the very object for which it was formed. I
think that a wrong construction has been put upon
it. I think a wrong construction has_ been placed
upon the law of nations, to which it is important
to refer in considering the rights and duties of
nations in the exercise of this power.
It has been said that there is no power of con-
fiscation of the property of public enemies^ Sir,
to my mind, if there is any one proposition of
law which is well settled in this Government and
by the law of nations, it is the power to confiscate
the property of enemies, and that that power ex-
ists in Congress; and, in my judgment, it should
to-day be exercised.
But, Mr. Speaker, my object to^day is more par-
ticularly to suggest some authorities to the House,
and to call the attention of Congress to the well-
established principle of the laws of war, than to
make any appeal to the House. I shall, therefore,
proceed to suggest such authorities as 1 have bepn
enabled to collect, and which I think will fully
and clearly establish the right of Congress to pass
a confiscation act with a view to cripple the ener-
gies and power of the enemy, and to reimburse
ourselves for the expenditures of this war.
In considering this subject, it is proper to refer
to authorities which have been recognizcd by the
nations generally as good authorities, and so ex-
pressly recognized by our own courts. 1 read
first fiom " Yattel on the Laws of Nations:
« A State taking up amis in a jus>tc;ui*c lms a double right
her enemv; fust, a right to obtain possession of her
property withheld by her enemy, to which must be added
the expenses incurred in puisuitof that object, the charges
of the war, and the repaiation of damages ; for, were she
obliged to bear these expenses and ]o e?, she w ould not
fully recover her property or obtain her dues. Second, she
hob a right to weaken her enemy, in oider toicnder him in-
capable of supporting his unjust violence j a nght to de-
prive him of the means of resistance."
Have you an enemy in the field with whom
your armies arc engaging whose armies arc formi-
dable and whoso warfare is ruthless and determ-
ined? What is your first right? Your first right
and your first duty is to cripple your enemy by
taking from him the means of .carrying on his un-
just war againstyou; keeping this well-established
principle fully in view, there will belittle difficulty
m deriving from the Constitution, expounded by
fhe'lawof nations, the right to confiscate the prop-
erty of the rebels now in arms.
To those who talk most feelingly of the rights
of those in arms against the Government, and yet
demand a speedy suppression of this rebellion by
the power of the nation, I submit right here this
proposition: how would you most successfully
cripple the rebels in their power of offense or re-
sistance? The answer forces itself upon the lips
of every man. By taking from them the means
of supporting and maintaining armies. That rea-
son lies at the base of this right to take the prop-
erty of the enemy. Yattel continues:
"Hence, as from their source, originate all the rights
which war gives us over things belonging to the enemy. I
speak of ordinary cases and what particularly relates to the
enemy's property. On other ocasions, the right of punish-
ing him produces neiv rights over the things which belong
to him, as it also does over hi* person. These we shall
presently consider.
'v We have a right to depuve our enemy of his possessions,
of everything which may augment his strength and enable
him to make war. This every one endeavors to accom-
plish m the manner most suitable to lnin. Whenever we
have an opportunity, we seize on the enemy's property and
convert it to our own use; and thus, besides diminishing
the enemy's power, we augment our own, and obtain, at
least, a p.utial indemnilication or equivalent, either for
what constitutes the subject of the war, or for the expenses
and losses incurred in its prosecution; in a word, we do
ourselves justice."
Mark you, because you have the right to crip-
ple the enemy and prevent him from sustaining
armies in the field, you have the right to take all
that belongs to the enemy, all that by which he
supports his armies. Gentlemen should not tax
their brains to find authority for rejecting the doc-
trine of the right of confiscation, for the proposi-
tion is not only fully established by authorities,
but is consonant with justice and reason. This
is but the commencement of a long series of au-
thorities fixing beyond question the right of con-
fiscation.
I would asjc the gentlemen who doubt the power
under the general provisions of the laws of war
to confiscate tin enemy's property, to revolve in
their own minds how it is that this irresistible
reasoning and cogent conclusions of the writer
on international law are to be overcome. I am
told, perhaps, that this book was written so long
ago that it is not entitled to credit. I leave that
for those who seek for subterfuges to resist the
overwhelming logic of this writer. That I may
not be mistaken in this matter, I will read from
another authority, and one of the older ones too.
Bynkershoek, in his Treatise on the Law of
War, spooking of cases where treaties between
nations may change the rule and right of confis-
cation of enemy's property, says:
" But if there arc 110 such tieatiep,orifthegoods and ac-
tions are not taken away within a limited tunc, it is asdeed,
what is the law in that ease ? And suiely, such being the
state of war, that eneniicb arc on eveiy legal principle pro-
scribed and di:-poiled of everything, it stands to reason that
everything belonging to the enemy which is found in the
hostile country changes its owner. It is, besides, custom-
niy, in almost eveiy declaration of war, to proclaim that
the goods of enemies, as well those found among as those
taken in war, shall be confiscated."
And again he says:
" If we follow the strict law of war, even immovables
may be sold, and their ptoeceds lodged in the public treas-
ury, as is done with movables.."
It is here declined that you may take the prop-
erty, the land, and eveiy thing which belongs to
the enemy, that you may cripple him and prevent
him doing you wrong and injury, and any nation
that is warred against, that will not take the ordi-
nary and most effective means to resist that war
and bring it to a speedy termination, illy discharges
the duty of a sovereign State.
Lest, however, I shall he charged with reading
authorities of rigor which are not sustained by
modern practice and decisions, I propose to read
now from the decisions of our own courts, I read
from the opinion of the court delivered by Chief
Justice Marshall, a man learned in the law, and
whose opinions, in court or out of court, are "Enti-
tled to great respect and consideration. In the
celebrated case of Brown vs. The United Suites,
