1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
selcxceeds §30,000; beyond that sum the percent-
age is left to bargain between seller and broker.
Can the Secretary find a solitary case where mer-
chants have allowed two and a half per cent, on
a vessel worth $100,000? The rule in Boston is
one per cent, where the value is over $20,000.
The Secretary, in his last message, claims that
the vessels have been cheaply purchased. As-
sume it, if you please. Does he not know that
our commerce is paralyzed; that sail and steam
vessels have been crowded on the market, and
must be sold at any price or rot at the docks ? As
well justify the purchase of the Potomska and
Warasutta, which were charged to the Govern-
ment for $7,000 more than the owners received,
on the ground that they were cheap. The Secre-
tary must have known this transaction was liable
to the criticism it has received, or he would not,
as he says he did, in advance, feel he might re-
ceive some censure because this great bounty was
bestowed on a brother-in-law.
The Secretary, in his labored defense of Mr.
Morgan, has done great injustice to Commodore
Breese in the purchase of the Roman and Badger.
There was an early disposition on the part of the
Secretary to take the purchase of vessels from the
Navy officers, for the commodore swears thatlie
had directions from the Navy Department, by
letter, April 24, 1861, to consult with persons
capable of giving information and advice." A
letter written April 23, by H. Bridge, chief of the
Bureau of Clothing, says:
" Mr. William II. Aspinwall has ofFoml his services to
the Secretary of tlie Navy, who withe* you to call on lnm
if you need assistance m themattei of ihestcamei^as well
as to acknowledge his courtesy."
On the same day the Secretary also wrote, " ad-
vising him to consult with Governor Morgan, G.
D.Morgan, with Messrs. William Evarts, Blatch-
ford, Grinnell, also committee of citizens, who are
employed to act for this Department."
In a letter of April 20, the Secretary says:
"In my letter of the 23d mat., I rcferied to ecitain gen-
tlemen as. an adviMiig committee, with whom you miirht
consult. One ol the gentlemen alluded to, (icoigc I) Moi-
gan, ha* the special confidence of the Dcpaitmont;
and you will advise with lum,m behalf ot the Depaumeni,
and as its Iriend, in this, cmetgeney, in the puichases you
may make, and the extmoidinaiy mensnres yon are com-
pelled to take. It has been giatifyin<* to the Department
to witness the piomptitudeand alacrity' that have, been ex-
hibited, and the semcc* lendered, not only by the gentle
man letcircd to, but by Mr. Jlspinwall and others.'*
On the 30th April, 1861, the Secretary says:
" In otder to lelieve youiself of inconvenience, and mmi-
diy gentlemen who weie specified a^ advi*cis in Hie laic
emergency, I have proposed that Mr G.!). Mo^an and Mr.
W. H JJspintruH he stib:rmited in theii place These two
gentlemen have been efficient in aidmg and agisting vou,
and are vigilant foi the countiyand its mtere-t*. They
will, it is believed, oboeiiuSlv act ior the Dopaitmcnt when
vou have not oppot tnu ity or I imp to consult with it. Both
ot the gentlemen have been wntton to, hy UiN mail, on the
subject, and \ou Will cun-ult with cilhei, or both, in your
futuic negotiation* and purelnwr-.'5
In a letter of May 13, speaking of purchasing
several vessels, among them svhalmg shins, he
says:
"Please advice with Mr. G. D Moigan in ie<raid to this
mattci, and- make puiciiascs. with his appioval.1'
Thus it clearly appears that Commodore Breese
was induced to place confidence in Mr. Aspin-
wall; and when the whale ships were ordered, in
the absence ot Mr. Morgan, he caiicd on Mr. As-
pinwall, and was governed by his advice and
action, and May 19, wrote to the Secietary:
" £ have coiiinns-iourdau a«ent, indicated by Mi. Aspin-
vvall, to proceed to N>\v Hedmul to negotiate loi the pur-
chase ot thtce wUal-^lnp-, which the Drpaitment dnei ted
m<> to obtain lor coaling Use.-. None can be purchriM-d m
tills pbicc.""
After the Secretary had frequently advised him
to consult a number uf persons, in every letter re-
ducing the number, until he declares his warm
attachment to Mr. Morgan and Mr. Aspinwall,
although the letter ordering the whale ships re-
quested him to purchase them with the approval
of Mr. Morgan; still, in his absent, and the
pressing necessities of the purchase, and consid-
ering the high euiogmms pronounced by the Sec-
retary on Mr. Aspinwall, the following statement
in the letter of the Secretary is icmaikable, and
unsustained by the evidence:
" Had the navnloiflcci loll owed the oid1'!that wei e giv >rx
him, these fraud* would not have hTn perpetrated U'U
Commodore Biee^c employed Mi. A^piu\vair> bioker, and
not Mr. Moigan, and the result-' were a gio<^ fraud and the
purchase of inferior ve^s-ek, which could not have been ihe
case had the policy which the Depaifment was then insti-
tuting prevaded, and its owlei •• been obeyed
The attempt to sacrifice Mr. Aspinwall and
Commodore Breese in Mr. Morgan's defense
requires no comment.
This charge of the Secretary is more remarka-
ble when it is remembered that the person referred
to by him as Mr. Jlspinwall's broker was Starbuek,
the very man employed by Mr. G. D. Morgan
subsequently to the purchase of the Roman and
Badger, as appears from the following letter:
Washington, June 1,1861.
Dear Commodore* F have not directed the Mediator to
go to the navy-yard, and, until 1 hear fiom you, shall do
nothing in the matter. I have requested Mr. Starbuek, who
purchased her, to call and see you.
Very truly, your obedient servant,
GEO. D. MORGAN.
S. L. BRiifc.sc., Em]., Flag Officer.
It is due to Commodore Breese to say that when
the ships were biought to the navy-yard he dis-
covered the fraud, informed the Secretary, and
desired to have them considered Mr. Aspmwall's
purchase; which he understood was done, as an
order was issued for loading them.
The Secretary also refers to the Penguin and Al-
batross, bought by Commodore Breese for $75,000
each, alleging that they were of no greater ton-
nage than the Stars and Stripes. The Secretary,
however, omits to state that the Penguin and Al-
batross were built for sea-going vessels, with double
engines, and cost, probably, m construction, one
thiid more than the Stars and Stripes.
The Secretary further says:
" Ln at-ingle transaction oiigmally made with a 1 arse ship-
owner hy Commodore Biee-e, for live valuable s-fMiners,
i felt that the Government was unfoitunateiy involved,
and Mr. Moigan wa«. employed 10 icheve the Depiutment.
Under many and great difficulties, he succeeded in living
to the Government, by his action in that transaction, above
.$124,0UD."
The explanation, as I understand it, is this: the
commodore, m chattering the five vessels, re-
quired this owners to mscit a price at which they
would sell to Government. It was a mere propo-
sition on thejr part. It was not accepted; neither
was the Government bound to pay it.
The Secretary also adds:
" Yet I hear fiom the owners and seller-; no emnpl.ihit
that they, hy the opeiation ol this system of purchase, have
been oppiessed 01 aggucved."
Lotus examine the correctness of this statement
by one transaction. In the month of May last,
J. Rudolph Sieg and James C. Jewett & Co., of
New Yoik city, were owners of the steamer Mer-
cedita. During that month a man by the name of
Bumll, claiming to bo an agent and adviser of the
Navy Department, proposed a pmehase. Jewett
& Co., to prevent the extortions of Government
agents, on the 39th day of June wrote a letter to
the Secretary of the Navy, offering to charter or
sell that vessel at a valuation to be fixed by the
Department. xY similar letter was sent by them
to the President of the United Suites. The Secre-
taiy ictuined an answer refusing to charter ot
purchase, as she was unsuitrd for an armed ship.
Burrill shortly after appears, saying that he can
sell the rejected steamer; that he had leturned from
Washington, and asked authority from them to
sell to Government, which was given him on the
3d day ot July. On the 31st of July, liurnll came
again, and made an oiler from the Secretary of the
Navy for the injected steamer, on the condition
that the owners should pay ^5,000 to him, besides
a fair brokerage} u hirli ^,">,000 ijtii t ill said was to
be given to Government officials for their assist-
ance in selling this vessel. Jewett 6c, Co. refused,
proclaiming that they would first s<>o their vessel
rot at the wharf, and t homsei vos wanting for bi ead,
before one penny should go to bribe Government
officials: requesting Burrill to say to those who
sent him, if the Government wanted §5,000, they
would give that sum toward raising another regi-
ment to fill the place of the New York sixty-
ninth. Burrill left, and after the lapse of a few
hours returned, saying he had heard fiom Wash-
ington, and that he would withdraw the condition,
and they need only pay what they saw fit to allow
hmi for his services. They accepted; and on the
same day gave Burrill a bill of sale for the De-
partment. and he presented a list of alterations
required, m the handwriting of S. M. Pook, the
naval constructor, and one ofthc board to examine
vessels. On the 27th September they delivered up
the vessel to Government, through Burrill.
Much to the surprise of the owners, the Secretary
sent a requisition to pay Burrill the $100,000 for
the Meicedita, although the names to the bill of
sale were'that of Sieg, owner of seven tenths, and
Jewett & Co. three tenths. They succeeded in
arranging so that the money should be drawn by
a third party. Some twenty days after the date
of the requisition, an order was had on the sub-
Treasury for the money. Mr. George D. Mor-
gan did not appear in the negotiation until after
the requisition for the money; he then came and
demanded $2,500 for his share, admitting that he
did not sell or purchase, yet the owners could not
get their money until he was paid; and if they
would consent to pay, he would write to Wash-
ington and urge the immediate remittance of the
money.
The above facts must have been known to the
Secretary. They were written to Commodore
Hydson, October 31, with a request that they be
filed in the Navy Department, which doubtless
was done. Since the letter of the Secretary the
committee have not had time to examine the own-
ers of the Mercedita; but the foregoing and sub-
sequent facts in connection with the purchase are
sustained by affidavits of J. Rudolph Sieg and
James C. Jewett. They testify that they did not
see or know anything of George D. Morgan until
after the purchase and delivery of the bill of sale
to the Department, through Burrill; that on the
19th day of November they called on Mr. Mor-
gan, demanding repayment of $2,500, and he said
ho had credited it to the Navy Department; that
he had only taken this sum so the Department
might have so much back in case the Department
elected to keep the same, on the ground that he
understood the Mercedita cost only $G4,000; yet
Mr. Morgan, when he took the $2,500, gave a
receipt for the same " for commissions on sale of
the Mercedita." The owners deny that they ever-
asked §130,000 for the steamer, although Mr.
Morgan claims in his statement that such amount
was demanded of him. The Department fixed
the value, and negotiated through the medium
above stated.
On the 17th January, Jewett & Co. wrote an-
other letter to the Secretary, in which they recite
the fact of their former complaints, showing that
they have been oppressed or aggrieved^ in which
they say:
'• Do yon think it i ight to endeavor to carry to the. pub-
lie, alter -ueh an oiler on our part, lho idea that webought
to obtain $\JO,OUO more than this vcs>ei's value; and'to
tostei fins (al-etiood on the public, to give an idea ot your
broilier-m-law's furies to purchase vessels Ibi the Gov-
ei muerit
Another remarkable transaction was the sale
by the Ordnance Bureau, to Mr. Eastman, of five
thousand llall's carbines, an arm which needed
some alteration to be useful, for §3 50 each. This
private sale was made at a time when the Depart-
ment was buying arms which had been con-
demned, and sent from the arsenals of Europe.
After au expenditure of fiom seventy-five cents
to $1 25, they were sold to Simon Stevens for
$12 50; then to General Fremont for $22. No
wonder our expenses are $2,000,000 per day—
Government sells at $3 50, and in a short time
buys back at $22. Dr. Cummings bought seven
hundred of the same carbines for $15 each.
The evidence of Major Hagnershows that Mr.
Stevens was an agent or aid of Gencial Fremont.
This Mr. Stevens denies. However, the relation
was one of a warm personal character. Pie had
piobably just icft him with instructions to pur-
chase. IIis dispatch to Fiemontwas just such
as ihi agent would send, or one who had the as-
surance of the necessities of tho West, and that
the arms would be taken. At all events, the bar-
gain was an unconscionable one, whereby Stevens
was to make about $50,000 in one day, without
incurring any risk or investing any capital.
There seemed to be no green spot in the Repub-
lic. The gross frauds upon the sea-board, by the
Potoma< , found a counteipai t on the banks of the
Mississippi. The contagion spread and fastened
itself upon the department of the West. A bevy
of cormorants gathered around Fremont, who
weie feasting upon the blood they were drawing
from the nation—more impudent in their claims,
more unblushing in their extortions. There, as
here, no sales could be made to the Government
except through the medium of heartless contract-
ors. There, as here, none but special favorites
could share of public bounty. Those willing to
furnish cheaply and well were cast aside, while a
hardware fum," Child, Pratt &Fox, were allowed
to furnish neaiJv$3,000,000 without the fnrmahty
