1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
1735
illustrating or stating my own conviction, I will
quote a brief extract from the letter of a gentle-
man well known to the service, who happened to
meet Dr. Finley on his way into exile. He said:
"I have never -=een lum so depressed. It would seem
from cncmnsmnces as detailed by him to have been cruel
treatment. Is it not ?ad to think of our friend Dr. P.,
winding up ins career of forty-threp years' military iife in
the way he will likely do?"
And how do these things strike not only the
heart of such a man, but the heart of the country?
No cause is assigned; he is not informed if there
is anything against him. This is the exercise of
the one man power without regard to law. There
is another feature in this which made it to his
friends at least seem hard. He is ordered to Bos-
ton; he is an old gentleman, with family and chil-
dren at Philadelphia, himself a native of Ohio, I
believe. If he had to be retired, there might at
least have been extended to him the courtesy that
was given to General Hull, after he was found
guilty and condemned to be shot, namely, to send
him to his own home to remain there until further
orders from the Department.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to all these things,
permit me to say again that I am not General
Stone's advocate; I am not General McClellan's
advocate; X am not Surgeon General Finley's ad-
vocate; 1 am no man'sadvocate. IfGeneral Stone,
of whom I have particularly spoken, is guilty of
any crime, let him bo tried, condemned, and pun-
ished. If he has been guilty of any crime worthy
of imprisonment, let him be found guilty, let judg-
ment be pronounced, and let him be placed in one
of your deepest dungeons, if you please. If upon
trial and judgment he shall be found to have for-
feited his right to life, give him the volley or the
gallows. He demands simply that it shall be
ascertained whether he has forfeited his right to
honor, liberty, or life. He cannot learn whereof
he is accused; he cannot learn whether ho is
charged with treason or misdemeanor. His fam-
ily cannot learn it. What he wants is to be tried,
and he does not fear the chances of the controversy.
It has been his wish always to expose every act
of his in this connection to full inspection in open
day.
Sir, this man in authority at the head of the
War Department, who has exercised such strange
and extraordinary power, may think that in doing
all this he will acquire fame and lenown, and that
he will endear himself to the heart of the country.
He may think that he is making a very successful
war upon such men as General Stone. He may
think that he may make successful war upon such
men as General McClellan. It might be well for
him to remember, or for some of his friends to
suggest to him, the point of an ancient fable:
"The men who once did sell the lion's skin while
the beast lived, were killed in hunting him."
In this country, which is called free, these are
strange things—stiange things to be done in the
name of constitutional liberty. I warn gentlemen,
if there are any here who are approvers of these
proceedings, that the country, the great body of
our people from Maine to Kansas and from Kan-
sas to Oregon, will not merely regard these as
strange things, but will regard them as acts of
intolerable tyranny. No man, no set of men, will
long be permitted to hold or exercise such power
in this Republic. This is not such a kind of tyr-
anny or dictatorship as this people can submit to.
This is not the kind of authority exercised by that
Miltiades sent by the Delphian god to lead the
people of the Cheisonese. This is not the kind
of tyranny exercised by Aulus the Dictator, the
man of seventy figlus:orby Cincinnatus, brought
by the Roman Senate from the plow. This is not
just power by appointment, " with the consent of
the Senate," nor of the people ofthe United States.
This is arbitrary, tyrannous power. _
Mr. President, I am not wont to be fault-finding,
and I wish to be understood as not now engaged
in any partisan controvesy. I am endeavoring to
make war on wrong and outrage. I am struggling
to maintain constitutional liberty. I am endeav-
onng to reach the presumptuous arrogance of a
man high in place, whose course, if permitted and
continued, will bring down upon our present Gov-
ernment confusion, disaster, and utter anarchy.
Sir, who is the Secretary of War? It is said
he is an eminent lawyer. This may be so, but I
must ask permission for a doubt, it being my
opinion that no lawyer can justly claim the term
eminent without being true, just, and generous—a
complete man.
Who is this Secretary of War? Has the coun-
try known him? If so, when? It has known him
as the recipient of large professional bounties at
the hands of the last Administration, the Admin-
istration of Mr. Buchanan, a good and loyal friend
of that party who fought under the banner of
Breckinridge in 1860. His grace is, that shortly
after November last he became a warm and at-
tached friend of the Union. There is an old saw
about " rats" that might fit his case. He comes
in a warm friend of the present Administration
after it has won success. He offers his advice to
the present Administration. He is an energetic,
active, efficient man, if you please. He acquires
a place of power. Now, I say he is no Democrat
if I know what a Democrat is; he is no Repub-
lican, if I know what a Republican is. Sir, he
belongs to the party in power.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I did not intend
to consume much more time upon this resolution
than I have already done. I certainly should not
have felt it my duty to detain the Senate much
longer on the subject had it not been for the elab-
orate speech that the gentleman from California
has just made. After sleeping upon it for a long
time he has, with very great labor, prepared a de-
liberate assault, not only on the committee of
which I am the chairman, but upon the adminis-
tration of the Government, the President, and the
Secretary of War. That invests the subject with
some degree of importance, and, perhaps, may
require that something be said in reply.
Oil Wednesday last the Senator commenced his
remarks by reading from some stump speeches that
he had made on the other side of the continent
some year and a half ago; and he undertook to
exculpate himself from what he supposed was a
charge of treason made upon him by myself. I
made no such charge. I had given him my views
of the propriety of this kind of defense for trai-
tors that ['frequently see made in this body; but
I had not said one word about his being a traitor
or a sympathizer with traitors. Sir, we read that
sometimes "the wicked flee when no man pur-
sueth," and may it not be that sometimes gentle-
men mistake the whisperings of an uneasy con-
science for an open accusation ? I have said
nothing that should put the gentleman upon so
elaborate a defense as he has seen fit to make for
himself. I have read those, extracts from speeches
he had made on the stump in California, in which
he very violently assailed an old member of his
own parly, who had been affiliated with him for
many years. I believe he accused him of treason;
and I believe he was right. I wish he had con-
tinued in the course he then pursued, of assailing
traitors wherever he found them. I wish he had
been as willing to assail them after they had taken
up arms and sought the life of this Republic, as
he was to assail a solitary individual, on the Pa-
cific coast, when he apprehended that he was
guilty of treason. Why has he departed from the
rule he laid down for himself?
Sir, I have been in the Senate for some consid-
erable time, and I should have been an exceed-
ingly dull man if I had not learned the course of
defense that is constantly set up here for those
who have assailed the institutions of our country.
There is an unvarying course of remark that they
indulge in, so that no man need be mistaken as
to what they intend. Those who assail the Ad-
ministration on account of what they call tyranny
to men sympathizing with traitors never, to my
knowledge, open their mouths on this floor in con-
demnation of the men who have risen m arms and
are endeavoring to murder your Constitution and
your Government. Towards them they are as
mild as sucking duves. You will find one gen-
eral ear-mark among them all,and thatisto assail
those who are opposed to traitors and endeavor to
bring them to condign punishment; but you will
never hear a lisp from one of their mouths in op-
position to the men who are now with arms in
their hands assailing our institutions and our Gov-
ernment. While the Senator, in his long and elab-
orate speech, has accused everybody else, have
you heard a word from his mouth against the men
who are now in arms endeavoring to overthrow
your Government? Not one syllable. Sir, you
may know ail these men from this circumstance:
they are the men who cry peace, peace, when they
know there can be no honorable peace. Since the
Senator—if the papers report him aright, and I see
no contradiction of it—descended from his hon-
orable posiiion on this floor and went into secret
conclave with those who sympathize with traitors
for the avowed purpose of reconstructing the Dem-
ocratic party, he and all those who cooperate with
him throughout the land have violently assailed the
administration of the Government,and especially
are they opposed to the proceedings of the Sec-
retaiy of War. There is a premeditated attack
of the whole party upon the Administration. In
the first place, they assail them as tyrants, as op-
pressors, as Constitution-breakers; and external-
ly, out of this circle, they are arraigning those who
have acted in the Administration before your ju-
dicial tribunals. Witness the late attack upon our
late Secretary of War, General Cameron. It is
but the commencement of proceedings well under-
stood by that party in order to assail and to in-
timidate the agents of the Government through
the judiciary, to overawe them, to prevent them
doing their stern duty to traitors; believing, I sup-
pose, that they who can make Dred Scott deci-
sions will be willing to lend their official influence
for the purpose of trampling under foot those who
stand boldly forth to defend the Constitution and
the laws.
The committee of which I happen to be a mem-
ber is in the same category, and we are to be as-
sailed on all occasions. Why? I am proud that
we are assailed from that quarter. It shows that
our shots sometimes tell. Who are they who rise
up and assail the committee on the conduct of the
war ? Are they men who are eager to trample this
rebellion under foot ? Are they the men who have
shown a disposition and a zeal toputdown rebel-
lion? No, sir. I am happy that we are assailed
in such excellent company as that ofthe President
and Secretory of War. I care not who they are
nor where they are, whoever shows a zeal for
putting down this rebellion will find that he is in
the category to be assailed by this new organiza-
tion to reconstruct the Government.
Now, let me ask who are these gentlemen that
are to reconstruct the Democratic party and the
Government? What kind of an alliance is to be
formed and with whom, in this reconstruction ? 1
am sorry I do not see the Senator from California
here, because I know, from the position he holds
towards those who make these assaults, he would
be able to give us light on the subject. I accuse
them of a deliberate purpose to assail, through
the judicial tribunals and through the Senate and
the House of Representatives of the United States ■
and every where else, and to overawe, intimidate,
and trample underfoot, if they can, the men who
boldly stand forth in defense of theircountry, now
imperiled by this gigantic rebellion. I have
watched it long. I have seen it in secret. I have
seen its movements ever since that party got to-
gether, with a colleague of mine in the other House
as chairman of the committee on resolutions—a
man who never had any sympathy with this Re-
public, but whose every breath is devoted to its
destruction, just as far as his heart dare permit
him to go.
What have the committee, who have been thus
assailed, done, that should call down upon them
the anathemas ofthe Senator from California, or
should compare them, as well as the President
and Secretary ofWar, to grand inquisitors, sitting
behind the backs of men to get up accusations by
which they are to be tortured and destroyed at the
stake? Sir, I grant you we have a zeal, yea, a
determination, so far as it lies in our power, that
this Government shall be maintained, that treason
shall be put down at all hazards and by any
means that God Almighty has put m our hands.
[Manifestations of applause in the galleries.] No
accusation of tyranny, no comparing us with in-
quisitorial tribunals, no mawkish sensibility in
behalf of traitors, will have the effect to deter us
from our resolute determination to put treason
under our feet and bring back the Government to
its old glorious bearings. Notwithstanding all the
whining in this body or outside of it, in your
courts or anywhere else, this will be done.
Sir, we have heard all these arguments before.
We learned this tune a year ago from those who
arc now in the so-ealled confederate States. They
were always crying out about violations of the
Constitution, arid ever ready to invoke it m aid
of tieason. That was the course of remark from
the lips of every one who deserted his post ana
