1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2695
Kentucky Legislature arbitrarily to decide that
they would not administer that oath, and admit to
the floor of either body a person who refused to
take it; hut, sir, that law would be enforced whore
ever the judicial tribunals could be brought to bear
upon it. This precise question occurred in the
State of New York, and 1 had occasion to read
the authority to the Senate. It was decided first
in the supreme court of that State, and afterwards
taken to the court of errors, where the decision
was affirmed. The question was not in regard to
the oath, but it was jn regard to the qualifications.
The law of the State of New York provided that
persons convicted of a certain offense should hold
no office in that State. The supreme court of the
State decided that the law was constitutional, and
the court of errors decided that that law was con-
stitutional; and in the argument the chancellor,
in arguing it, stated, as I have here to-day, that,
notwithstanding their decision, the Senate of the
State of New York would have the arbitrary
power to admit the individual as a member of their
body; but the court said that in all cases subject
to judicial decision, the decision of the court would
have to be respected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Illinois, just at that point, allow me to refer him
to a case?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is a case decided a num-
ber of years ago m the courts of Alabama on this
very question to which he now refers, and decided
against the position that he now assumes. The
constitution of Alabama prescribed the qualifica-
tions of attorneys who should practice in the courts
of Alabama. The Legislature of that State sub-
sequently passed an act declaring that any person
who had been engaged in a duel should not prac-
tice as an attorney within the courts of that State.
A gentleman who had been engaged in a duel ap-
plied for admission to the bar. The Senator will
find the case reported, although I cannot now refer
him to the number of the Reports. After very
able arguments, the subject being maturely con-
sidered, the court of that State held that the Legis-
lature of Alabama had no constitutional authority
to impose such a qualification, and admitted the
gentleman to practice in the courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not looked into the
case to which the Senator from Delaware refers,
but if there be such a decision in the Slate of Ala-
bama, it is in direct conflict with the decision to
which I have leferied in the State of New York,
and is, I think, unsound law.
Now, sir, having replied to these suggestions,
which I think are untenable, I will state what I
think the object of this bill is. It is to prevent per-
sons who have been "engaged in the rebellion from
hereafter holding office under the Government, by
requiring that they shall take an oath, specifically
stating that they have not been engaged in armed
hostility against this Government voluntarily. I
think we had better pass such a bill as that. I
know my friend fiom Kentucky, and I should
hope my fuend from Delaware, does not wish any
persons to exercise official duties under this Gov-
ernment who have voluntarily waged war against
it. I never wish to see a person admitted as a Sen-
ator or a Representative who has voluntarily taken
up arms to fight against this Government; and if
I can preventit, no such man ever shall have a seat
in this body, or in the other, or hold any office of
honor, profit,or trust under this Government. The
bill is carefully drawn. It comes to us from ihe
House of Representatives. It does not touch the
case of those who may have been coerced. The
language is, "that I have voluntarily given no
aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
the rebellion, and that I have never voluntarily
borne arms againstthe Governmentof the United
States." Now, sir, I think we had better pass
this bill; and wherever the judicial tribunals of the
country can reach I think it will be held to be
constitutional and valid upon the principle decided
in the State ofNew York, to which I have referred.
1 admit, that if after this rebellion is closed the
State of Mississippi were to return Jefferson Da-
vis here as a Senator, it would be in the power of
the Senate, notwithstanding this law, to admit
him to a seat, because by the Constitution the Sen-
ate is made the judgeof the election, qualification,
and returnsofusown members; butlshould hope
the Senate would never do it; 1 do not believe my
friend from Kentucky would do it; 1 think he
would find reasons enough why he should not be
admitted; and I should hardly expect that the Sen-
ator from Delaware would do it. I can see no ob-
jection to the bill, and so far as it applies to all the
appointees of the Government and of the Depart-
ments—civil, military, and naval—it will be a pos-
itive inhibition against their receivingany such ap-
pointment, or any salary under the appointment.
In my judgment it is constitutional; I think it wise;
and I hope the Senate may pass it.
Mr. CARL1LE. Mr. President 
Mr. LATHAM. I rise to a question of order.
Was not the unfinished business of yesterday to
come up at one o'clock to-day—the Pacific rail-
road bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
advised that no measure was left unfinished yes-
terday.
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir; the railroad bill
was left unfinished.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands it was postponed on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts. That is the record.
The Chair can be governed only by the record.
Mr. LATHAM. I did not hear any such mo-
tion made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was post-
poned until one o'clock to-day, not making it a
special order. Such a motion gives it precedence
over the general Calendar, but docs not set aside
a pending question.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] was in the middle of a speech
when the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolit-
tle] made a motion to go into executive session.
The Senator from Maine gave way for that pur-
pose, leaving the railroad bill, as my colleague
desired and expressly stated, the unfinished busi-
ness to come up at one o'clock to-day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That was my understand-
ing yesterday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that my
recollection is very distinct that the executive ses-
sion was moved while the railroad bill was pend-
mThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
now advised that the Pacific railroad bill was left,
the unfinished business of yesterday upon the Sen-
ate going into executive session, and as such it
takes precedence of the pending question, and is
now the measure before the Senate, the question
being on the amendment reported from the select
committee on the bill, and to that amendment a
proposition of amendment was moved by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, which is the immediate ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that the Sena-
ator from Maine, my colleague, is entitled to the
floor, he being in the middle of a speech upon that
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the situa-
tion of the case.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I ask mycolleague to give
way to me in order that I may move, as I design
to do, to postpone ail priororders for the puipose
of taking up the naval appropriation bill. I desire
to test the sense of the Senate on that motion.
Mi*. MORRILL. I was making some comments
upon this bill, and had not quite concluded what
I desired then to say. I am ready at the present
time to proceed; but if it is the sense of the Sen-
ate to take up the other biil, I do not care to intet-
pose, and therefore I yield to my colleague with
a view of taking the sense of the Senate upon that
motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state that for the
purpose of disposing of the hill mentioned by the
Senator from Maine, I shall not object to its pres-
ent consideration.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move, then, to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consi ler
the bill (H. R. No. 423) makingappropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th of June,
1863- . , , -
Mr. HALE. I suggestthat it is hardly neces-
sary to read the bill. It has been before the Sen-
ate and been printed for some time. 1 here are a
good many amendments to be offered, and it can
be read as we go along with the amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT-. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves to dispense with the read-
ing of the bill in detail. That course will be taken
if there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
The amendments reported from the Committee on
Finance will be read.
The first amendment was on page 6, section one,
line ninety three, in the appropriations for the
Portsmouth navy-yard, to strike out" $293>000,"
and insert " $233,039;" so that the clause will
read:
For machine shop and smithery, fitting and furnishing the
same, reservoir, capstan for sheers, quay wall near landing,
extension of &toieliousu No. 11 fifty feet, repairs and in-
crease of ordnance machinery and shops, and repairs of all
kinds, $233,033.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is merely to make
it correspond to the estimates. There was a mis-
take in the footing up of the House bill.**
The amendment tvas agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that all the
amendments m sections two be taken together.
The next amendments were in section two, line
two, to strike out the words" commissioned offi-
cer," and insertil captain," and in line three to
strike out the words 4<or assistant," and in lines
five and six to strike out the words, i( not, how-
ever, exceeding the sum of $3,500 per annum,"
and to insert, "to take effect from the date of the
act regulating the pay of the Navy, approved June
1, I860;" so that the section will read:
That the pay of any captain of the Navy who shall, in
pursuance ot law, perform duty as chief of a bureau in the
Navy Department, Khali bu the pay of a captain in the Navy
"on other duty," to take effect from the date of the act reg-
ulating the pay of the Navy, approved June 1, 1860.
Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken on that
amendment, I desire to suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that that section was
under revision by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and they thought it was proper, inasmuch
as we made commanders eligible to the place cap-
tains used to have, that it should be captains or
commanders, so as to read:
That the pay of any captain or commander of the Nnvy,
who shall, in pursuance of laws, perform duty as chief or
assistant of a bureau in tho Navy Department, shall be that
of a captain in the Navy on othet duty," See.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we should have to
insert the words" or commander"after the word
" captain" in the fourih line.
Mr. HALE. We proposed to insert a new
section in lieu of section two, which 1 will read.
We propose to strike out the whole section, and
insert this:
JlnA be it farther enactcd, That the pay of Navy captains
or commander*, who, under existing laws,as chiefs of bu-
renu", petl'oun duty under the nppointmentof the President,
confn ined by the Senate, be that of captain '* on other duty."
to take effect from the dateof the act to regulate the pay ot
the Navy, apptoved June 1, 1860.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you will be under
the necessity of giving a commander $3,500. You
give him the pay of a captain on other duty. A
commander who receives $3,600, for instance,
when on other duty, should not rcceivemore than
$3,500, which he would receive at the head^of a
bureau.
Mr. HALE. I do not see any objection to re-
taining that proviso—" not, however, exceeding
the sum of $3,500 per annum."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I do not want in.
Mr. HALE. That is the way we fixed it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think you had better
let it go as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendments of the Committee on I'inance.
The amendments were agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that those are all the amendments reported
from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to propose severs! amend-
ments to this bill. In section one,after line twenty-
four, I move to add what 1 send to the Chair:
Provided, That the preset ved meats forming part of the
Navy ration may be piep.tred and packed under the direc-
tion ofthe Secretary of the Navy, if he shall deem it advisa-
ble, and that the cattle or fresh beef therefor may be pur-
chased under his directions and from this appropriation, and
that he beautliouzed to do whatever else may he necessary
to the procuring, preparing, and packing said preserved meat
in the most approved and advantageous manner, the ex-
pense for machinery and tool* to be defrayed front the last
named sum, and not to exceed $o,00U.
Let me stale the reason for this amendment.
These preserved meats are put up in cans and can-
