in6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
went out an open enemy to your Constitution and
vourlaws. Sir, 1 remember well when Mr. Breck-
inridge stood on the other side of the Chamber,
day after day, making this same kind ofspeeches,
accusing us of being violators of the Constitution
of the United States; and inasmuch as we plainly
had the right to coerce traitors, to put down trea-
son by force of arms, he stood there to dcprecate
it, and to invoke the Constitution as a barrier
againstloyal men. The argument we have heard
to-day is but a repetition of those we heard a year
ago. I could bring the arguments made then on
this floor by traitors who are now in open rebel-
lion; and they would make no discord with the
speech we have just heard.
But, I ask again, what has this committee done
to be complained of in the matter of General Stone,
who lies at the bottom of this resolution and of all
the Senator's remarks ? Sir, early in this session
it pleased both Houses of Congress to raise a com-
mittee empowered and directed to inquire into the
conduct of this war. I sought no position upon
that committee; I had nothing to do with getting
it up; but when it was raised, being placed at its
head, I cast about, as did the rest of the committee,
to ascertain how we could make ourselves most
useful to the Government in the exercise of the
vast powers which it had been the pleasure of Con-
gress to confer upon us. We instituted a pretty
broad inquiry into public affairs, and especially
into the manner in which this war had been con-
ducted, andamongother things we were specially
directed byname to look into that great, terrible
blunder and catastrophe, the affair of Ball's Bluff.
If in that investigation which you commanded us
to make, it turned out that there was an appear-
ance of disloyalty in the commander-in-chief, was
it not legitimate" for us to inquire into it? The
Senator seems to think not. He considers that
we were traveling greatly outofour way when we
took evidence tending to criminate General Stone,
at the head of a division of your Army on the very
frontiers next to the enemy; that we had no right
to look into it. Yoursoldiers had been slaughtered
by hundreds, like cattle taken to the shambles,
apparently under circumstances deeply impeach-
ing somebody that had the command. I do not
rise with any purpose to argue that matter, as I
told you befoie, not because I could not make
out my ease as I believe, but because you are not
the triers, nor am I the Attorney General to pros-
ecute the case before yon; but it is my purpose to
state enough of that proceeding, not to justify,
but to make the action of that committee triumph-
ant before this nation. I repeat again what I said
the other day, that if there ever was a committee
that proceeded with discretion, wuli moderation,
with a care and forbearance that no man should
be injured, it is the committee of whom f am chair-
man, and of whose action I am proud. We are
an inquisition forsooth ! The gentleman assailed
the committee long before he knew anything of its
action. He accused us of proceeding cx parte, get-
ting a kind of illegitimate testimony, going for-
ward with that and presenting it to the Adminis-
tration to the detriment of innocent men. I will
ask the Secretary to read this synopsis of our pro-
ceedings to justify the committee from ail the im-
putations the Senator has made.
The Secretary read, as follows:
J.muary '29, 18G'i, the committee inroimod the Secretary
of War that tliey had been mt'otmed by Genera] iMeCIeilan
that Genera! Stone was m this city, and that he (General
McCMinn) Wco of the opinion that General Stone should
appear before the ^ommntee m lcg.ud to the matters laid
to Jus chaig<j,and the committee miormed the Secretary of
War that they were willing to hear General Stone at any
time.
On January 31, 1862, General Stone appeared before the
committee the second time, was infoimed of the nature of
the evidence beaitn^ auauw linn, and \va< allowed to pto-
ceed and make his own evplanaiion in his own way.
The committee then appointed a sub-comiiuttee to wait
upon the Seeietary oi War, and inform him thattheie was
a conflict of testimony in lelation to General Stone,and to
communicate to bun what that testimony was.
Mr. WADE. That, sir, is the inquisitorial
course we have taken with General Stone. Ashe i
was likely to be implicated in the Ball's BluiFaf- j
n' Was one ear|y witnesses that we f
called in. We were not inquiring into the con- j
duct of any individual. That was not what we !
weie piaccd there, as we helteved, to do. It was
not our construction of the powers that were
granted to us. We were to inquire into the facts
connccted with the conduct of the war, and if there
were short-comings or delinquencies that might
light upon anybody's head, we were not to direct
it; we sought no evidence to impeach any man,
and if the evidence seemed to impinge on the credi-
bility, the loyalty, or the character of any man,
we sought that man, and laid before him the
course of the evidence, and the matters wherein he
was inculpated. We did the same to General
Stone. We summoned him before us to give an
account of that affair at Ball's Bluff, to give us
all the information he could on the subject, and
after that, as you see from our records, the much
applauded chief of your Army, whom the Senator
believes to be immaculate and above the suspicion
of anybody, was the very man that knocked at
our doors to inform us that, in his judgment, it
was our duty to summon General Stone again be-
fore us, and we accommodated him. We did not
want any more testimony than we had got, but if
General Stone had any new light to throw on the
subject, we, as an impartial committee, were not
only willing, but anxious that he should appear
before us. He did appear before us. I will not
say that in his amended testimony he made the
case infinitely worse than it was before. I will
not go into that, for I do not want to inculpate
him unless he is guilty. Sir, we have done Gen-
eral Stone no more hurt than any other man. If
he is an innoccntman, his own testimony stands
forth as his justification. If we have informed the
President, the Secretary of War, and the Cabinet
of the testimony that seemed to impeach him, we
also showed his own exculpation at the same
time, and then, at the instance of this immaculate
commander of ours, we received General Stone
again, and went through the whole thing.
Where is the accuserofthatcommittee? I hope
he has not skadaddled after making his speech.
We are an inquisition,are we? Wearetobc im-
peached by the Senator from California. Why?
If in the course of our investigations we ascer-
tained that there was a traitor in the camp, and
were not to make it known, in God's name what
business had we in the committee; what business
had we in the Senate; what business had we in
the United States, even as private citizens ? The
gentleman said on Wednesday last that it was the
deepest, the most disgraceful thing he ever had
heard of. He seemed to regret that it had been
his fortune to get into a place where he had to as-
sociate with men so depraved; for that is a fair
construction of what he said. Sir, I imagine he
worked hard to get here; and I do not think he is
polluted by the contact at all. I consider it to be
a part of my senatorial duty here, if I happen to
know that a man holding a "high office is disloyal,
where his disloyalty might prejudice the public,
to make it known without being on any commit-
tee especially detailed for that purpose. And yet
the Senator thinks it is deeply disgraceful to do
so! That is his idea of toleration towards trai-
tors whom he never assails, or speaks a word in
disparagement of.
Now, sir, as I said before, I have listened to this
kind of defense of traitors long enough. What
has the Administration done that this gentleman
should rise here in the Senate and brand them as
tyrants and despots and inquisitors, and tell us he
is going to run a parallel between the Piesident
and Secietary of War and the old inquisition?
Why, sir, only think of the perfect burlesque!
The Piesident of the United States, who neither
by word or deed or thought would harm a hair of
any man's head, who, of all men I know, is the
most reluctant to offend anybody, but who as a
patriot, is anxious to vindicate the Constitution
of the United States and the Government he has
sworn to support, and he does it with a toleration
and a mildness towards these traitors that has met
with the censure of many good men, who think he
does not go far enough—this mild, equitable, just
man is to be branded here as by a Knight of the
Golden Cii cle with being a grand inquisitor, armed
with tyranny, whose purpose it is to destroy the
rights and property and the lives of men! Sir,
the thing is absolutely ridiculous, and would not
become any Senator on this floor, unless he was
compelled to do so by joining this new-fangled
organization, whose purpose it is, we are told, to
reconstruct the Democratic party. I believe I
asked the gentleman what kind of reconstruction
it was to be. The old Breckinridge-Buchanan
party south of Mason and Dixon's line are, to a
man, traitors. There are no exceptions. I defy
any man to rise in his place and tell me what Bu-
chanan-Breckinridge Democrat south of Mason
and Dixon's line is not an open and avowed trai-
tor, committing overt acts, and, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, condemned to death.
Their northern sympathizers are but little better;
indeed they are worse—worse because they are
not so bold. There is something in a bold, cour-
ageous man, even in a bad cause, that seems to
give him a little right to toleration; but your mis-
erable sneaking hypocrite that sympathizes with
him, and yet has not the courage to commit the
crime, can expect nothing but to be despised by
honorable men. Now, these men are going to re-
construct a party. My God, what a party it will
be ! Just think of it: the southern Buchanan trai-
tors reconstructing with the Breckinridge traitors
of the North! They will be harmonious just as far
as their courage will permit them to go together.
They will not differ on anything else but as to the
length to which they can carry their proceedings.
But, sir, there was salt in the old Democratic
party. They do not talk of reconstructing with
the followers of Stephen A. Douglas. Mr. Doug-
las was once a strong partisan of the Democratic
faith. He went along with them until he found
they were bent upon treason and the destruction
of the country in which they lived. The moment
Mr. Douglas ascertained that this was their fell,
deliberate purpose, be cameout from among them
like an honest man, and became separate, and his
honorable followers came along also, and they are
cooperating most cordially to-day with the Re-
publican party everywhere. The Senator seeks
no reconstruction with the Douglas party, for how
could they join in any reconstruction? They
would look well coalescing again with the wrctches
who have persecuted their great and venerated
leader to death. How could his disciples form a
coalition with those who crucified him; with those
reconstructors undefthe lead of Mr. Vallandig-
ham, of the House of Representatives ?
The Senator talks about things being done in
the dark, I should like to know where this meet-
ing was held for reconstructing and fixing the
policy that was to govern the Democratic party
in its renovated form. It was some datk purlieu,
perhaps, of this Capitol; a fit place for the con-
spirators who concocted the idea of rising in their
places and assaulting the Administration, accus-
ing it of tyranny, and comparing ittoan inquisi-
tion. Every man of that stamp m the Senate has
already risen and belched forth his anathemas
against the Administration of the country, and
especially against the Secretary of War, Mr. Stan-
ton.
What has he done ? The Senator says that he
was in the administration of Mr. Buchanan. That
is true. When Mr. Buchanan's administration
became so corrupt with treachery, when it became
so well known that it could not live together any
longer, when its rottenness had torn it to pieces
and sunk it beneath contempt, it was a necessity
that they should call an honest man into their ad-
ministration; aman who wentunwillingly, aman
whose character has always been above reproach,
a man who, though of Democratic predilections,
had retired from politics; a man whose great mind
and clearness of intellect had placed him at the
very head of one of the most honorable profes-
sions; a man who could command at his will what-
ever price he asked. Tie did take it upon him-
self, at the call of Mr. Buchanan, to take part in
his administration. So far from acting with those
corrupt traitors who had broken it down, I say
here in my place, and I speak what is known to
many Senators, if this nation was saved from ut-
ter shipwreck by treachery, Mr. Stanton, in that
administration of Mr. Buchanan, did more to up-
hold it than any other. Sir, he saved it from utter
shipwreck; he saved your Constitution from rev-
olution and ruin. Is he to be assailed here? Sir,
he never sought any office. His pure life, his
great knowledge of affairs, and his ability had
commended him in these perilous times as the best
man the President could find to heal the wounds
of this Republic and guide the ship of state through
the terrible storm which is now upon it. He is
an inquisitor! Why ?
Mr. Piesident, that man is not quite honest
who thus argues constitutional questions in this
Senate, and invokes the Constitution in behalf of
the rights of every man precisely as he would in
times of peace where there were isolated cases of
delinquency, and where it was safe to bring a
