1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man to trial. The man who says it, and would
have you proceed with these traitors precisely as
you would in time of peace is endeavoring to de-
ceive the public. Can you prosecute a traitor
south of Mason and Dixon's line? As the old
saying is, you might as well try the devil in hell,
and summon as jurors his chief angels. It is im-
practicable; it cannot be done. Why then stand
up here contending that men should be tried by
all the constitutional guarantees that are thrown
around them in peaceful times? I repeat what I
said when I was up the other day, as no jurist
has yet undertaken to define the limits to which
a man might go in the honest defense of his life
when assailed, so no statesman would undertake
to limit the powers that the Government might
use to preserve its life when assailed by traitois.
I defy the gentleman to make an argument wor-*
thy of the name against that proposition.
Do you think that we will stand by, yielding
to your argument, while you fetter our legs, and
bind our arms with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States that you may stab it to death ? Is that
your idea of the Constitution, that it is made to
tie the hands of honest men from its defense,
while traitors may stab it to the heart? That is
the use you would make of the Constitution of
the United States. Sir, I say again, I have no
scruples about the Constitution of the United States
as wielded against traitors in this time of violent
revolution. You have seen that the ordinary
course of the common law and of the Constitution
cannot be followed. Shall the Constitution lie
down and die? Must we give up all our glorious
principles that were defended by it because traitors
have assailed it in such a way that they have pre-
vented its operation? Sir, folly like that would
deserve the ignominious fate which would inev-
itably follow so foolish a course.
Mr. President, as 1 have said heretofore, it is
a remarkable fact, that although thousands upon
thousands of men have fallen victims to this re-
bellion on the field of battle, and many thousands
more have been mangled and wounded, inflicting
misery, poverty, and death upon millions of peo-
ple, we are yet told on this floor that we should
be tender-footed, that we cannot tie the hands of
a miserable traitor from giving information to the
enemy, and thus aiding thein to cai \ y on tins ac-
cursed war. Is that the logic of the Senator? Sir,
he will find but few adherents heie; he will find
less among the people, for they are entirely ahead
of us in all that pertains to the vigorous prosecu-
tion of this war and a vigorous dealing with trai-
tors according to their crimes. Why, sir, in every
hole and corner of this city, nay, in almost every
city of the United States, and m the country, too,
you find these slippery, slimy, glib-tongued trai-
tors who are ready on all occasions togive infoim-
ation of all the movements of your Army and of
every other important fact to the enemy, so that
they have it earlier than we. You would not ex-
pect that a man taken with arms in his hands, fight-
ing against our armies, persecuting us to death,
should go entirely without punishment; and yet
he does the enemy infinitely less service than "the
man who, pretending to be a Union man, pretend-
ing to be loyal, worms himself into the knowl-
edge of the most important secrets of your Exec-
utive, and then goes forth arid gives it to your
enemies, whereby thousands of your men may
die in vain upon the field of battle, and all brought
about by this slippery, slimy traitor. There are
men who would get up afterwards in this Senate,
and, with tears in their eyes, plead the cause of
just such a wretch as that who, with all the evi-
dence of guilt upon him, was sent off for a little
while to sojourn in one of our fortifications, and
call it inquisitorial, tyrannical, devilish.
Sir, the man that makes use of these arguments
need not tell me he is loyal. I tell you the danger
to on** institutions is not so great from traitors in
the field with arms in iheir hands as ]t is fi om the
nimbie-tongued, slippery hypociites who go forth
apologizing for them, branding every energetic
measure of the Administration as tyrannical and
wrong, and endeavoring to deceive the people and
stir them up to hostility against this wise, this
just, this most moderate Administration. I do not
believe the people ure going to be deceived by it.
I do not believe tlicit youi night meetings to recon-
stiuct the Demoeiatic party, your lesolutions of
ccnsure accusing them of tyranny here and intim-
idation abroad—I do not believe all these things
and all your machinations will be able to deceive
an awaKened people who understand all your arts
and are determined to back a wise Administration
in the course it shall pursue.
I noticed that the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell,] in the speech he made here the other
day, mourned over the degeneracy of this Senate.
He was horror-stricken or sorrow-stricken with
the comparison of the great men who were here
in former times and those who are now here. He
especially referred to Massachusetts. Well, sir,
Massachusetts is my old mother, and I do not like
to see her assailed without saying a word in her
behalf. I tell him Massachusetts was never more
adorned; there never was more patriotism, there
never was more efficiency to extricate the country
from the difficulty into which it is plunged, than
there is from Massachusetts to-day. How is it
with old Kentucky? Did the Senator think of
that in the remarks he made? His former col-
league stood here a year ago preaching these same
doctrines of conciliation and anti-coercion, invok-
iny the Constitution in favor of traitors, taking his
pay out of the Treasury, holding up his band to
God and swearing he would be loyal to the Consti-
tution,and then sneaking ofTinto the rebel army to
stab your Constitution to death. That is the suc-
cessor of old Ilarry Clay, of glorious memory !
Is not that degeneracy ? The Senator himself con-
fesses he has been suspected, at least. Should
he, standing upon ground like that, have made
this inquiry into the standing of present and past
Senators?
Mr. President, I have said, perhaps,all I ought
to say, and more; but mark, this controversy was
not provoked by me. The Senator from Califor-
nia—with whom I have always lived here on the
most intimate terms of friendship, or if not the
most intimate, the most cordial—thought it proper
to assail mc,and the committee with which I act;
to assail us violently, as inquisitors, as men that
went about accusing and slandering and stabbing
men in the dark. It is true that he revised the
speech that caused my speaking at all, and, I be-
li'cve, struck out every single word that related to
the committee of which 1 am a member. Sir, this
is all wrong. I do not know but it is permitted
m the course of remaiks we make here that a man
may levisc, strike out, and put in whatever lie
pleases. I care nothing about that. If he says
anything here that he is not willing to go to the
country, I pity him or anybody else in that posi-
tion.
He has endeavored to implicate me in asserting
that the Constitution and the great guarantees of
liberty should not be invoked in behalf of men in
judicial tribunals. Sir, I never alluded to any
such thing. I know their value. My zeal is
stimulated" because I sec them endangered by this
gigantic jebelhon. It is to preserve these great
barriers of American liberty that I am zealous in
the defense of my country, when they are sought to
be overthrown by these traitois with arms in then-
hands. But, sir, is it not marvelous that they who
aie so zealous of this Constitution, and ot these
time-honored guarantees, should not have a sin-
gle word to say against those who arc in open
hostility to overthrow and destroy them all?
Mr. President, in conclusion 1 will say, I have
no ft ,,is m this great controversy. I do notagn-e
with many of my brethren whose hearts seem to
fail them before the magnitude of the great issues
m which we are embarked. I believe in the jus-
tice of God, in his overruling providence, that he
will nerve the arms of those who ate contending
for the right, and will make them victorious at
last. 1 have no fears of it. When this great war
is over, when rebellion shall be tramph'd under
foot, when southern men shall see the enor of
their ways, and the interest they have m the great
principles of our Constitution, which has minis-
tered so to their prosperity, divested of passion,
and the conceit that they have entertained so long
whipped out of them, they will come back again,
and glory in us who have saved them from them-
selves; and reunited again upon a real basis of
freedom and republicanism, this great nation will
rise from this commotion like the phoenix from its
ashes; and whoever shall survive twenty years
hence will see this the loading nation on God's
earth, existing without reproach, and conscious
of her imposing power, she will be the pride,
the boast, and the hope of all the nations of the
earth.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose, and I do
not now propose to enter into this controversy be-
tween the Senator from California and the Sena-
tor from Ohio; hut the latter Senator makes spe-
cial reference to me, and says distinctly that 1
assaulted Massachusetts in the speech I made the
other day. The Senator is certainly mistaken. I
made no assault on Massachusetts. I did reply
to the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts
that I thought contained doctrines not true and
subversive of the Constitution; but I certainly
made no assault upon the State of Massachusetts.
I commented upon the conduct of some of her
public men. The Senator boasts that he is a son
of Massachusetts. That is all right; the Senator
ought to love his native State. Then he asks me
what Kentucky is doing in this controversy. I
am not going to enter into any vindication of Ken-
tucky. I know that our people are divided in this
unfortunate civil strife, that there are many of
them in both armies; but I will tell the Senator
what has never been done with Kentuckians: they
have never been ordered to the rear in any battle
in which they ever fought. They were in the late
battle at Pittsburg Landing on both sides; but I
have seen no account that Kentuckians in either
army were oidered to the rear for want of cour-
age, as the constituents of some Senators were.
The Senator dragged my name into this matter,
.and referred to me. It was not my purpose, and I
do not now intend to go into this controversy; but
he made a kind of taunt at Kentucky that I do not
choose to submit to.
Mr. WADE. I have not dragged the gentle-
man into tins matter. He chose to come in him-
self. lie undertook to run a tilt against Massa-
chusetts, and made a comparison between her
present Senators and her former ones,and I thought
it but fair to challenge his State in that regard. I
have nothing to say about the bravery of old Ken-
tucky; but, sir, if you talk about that, our men
did run there along with those from Kentucky.
The very regiment of which you complain was
about one half Kentuckians.
Mr. POWELL. What regiment was it? No,
sir, they were not Kentuckians. None of the
children of that proud old Commonwealth ever
fled in the face of battle, or were ever sent to the
rear and their arms taken from them for want of
courage. I think the Senator jstotally mistaken
when he says half of them were from Kentucky.
Kentucky has no such sons; the Senator's con-
stituents cannot be palmed off as Kentuckians.
Mr. WADE. I understand there were a few
Kentuckians. But, sir, I do not want to disparage
old Kentucky. I know she is a brave old State.
I know she came to our assistance during the last
war, and I have never forgotten it. I only wish
tlmu she had not degenerated.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir, Kentuckians did
come to your assistance, but wc never boast of it.
We do great and brave deeds without boasting
about them. The Senator speaks of a comparison
made by me in regard to the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts. Why, sii, if I used one word of
eulogy in the speech I made the other day, it was
upon a distinguished citizen and Senator from
Massachusetts, Mr. Webster. I did contrast him,
and I did read his expoundings of the Constitu-
tion, and place them in opposition to the views
held by one of the Senators now upon the floor
from Massachusetts. If I eulogized anybody in
that speech, and placed any one man above
another, it was Daniel Webster, a Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. WADE. I have conceded that Kentucky
came to our assistance m the war of 1812. Why
cannot that Senator be just as ingenuous as I
was, and give us the credit of defending Louisville
when she was attacked by enemies a little while
ago ?
'Mr. POWELL. If the gentleman will allow
me, Louisville was never attacked by enemies.
Mr. WADE. Wc prevented it from being at-
tacked.
Mr. POWELL. I know there was an army
sent over there; but Kentucky has enough men
to defend her.
Mr. WADE. She had not then.
Mr. POWELL. I have heard it boasted here
that the soldiers fiom other States had come and
helped many of the border States. It has been
particularly thrown at the Senators from_Virginia.
I have not heard it before, as regards Kentucky;
