1862.
THE CONG-RESSIONAL. GLOBE.
269-7
forty-four, two hundred and forty-five, and two
hundred and forty-six, the following words:
For rout of quarter-? for the Naval Academv at Newport,
wages, furnHiiro, and contingent expenses therefor,$48,047,
And in lieu thereof, to insert:
For wages of watchmen, and contingent expenses of the
Naval Academy, $22,797.
For rrp tijir!" and lefitting the building and grounds of
the Naval Academy at AmiapolU, $25,000.
J will state in reference to tins amendment that
we leave the sum exactly as it is sent in the esti-
mates from the Department. In the estimate there
was an item of $25,000 for the rent of the build-
ings at Newport; and instead of appropriating
money for that purpose, we propose to appropri-
ate the same amount for the repair of the build-
ings at Annapolis. That is the amendment of the
committee.
Mi*. ANTHONY. I hope this amendment will
not be agreed to. The purport of it is indirectly
to carry back the Naval School from Newport to
Annapolis. I do not suppose that the Senate is
ready upon an'amendment to an appropriation,
without any discussion, without any recommend-
ation from the Department, to direct the Academy
to be transferred back to Annapolis. If the Pres-
ident and the Secretary of the Navy should see fit
to restore it to Annapolis, as they sawfit for very
good reasons to remove it from Annapolis, their
representations would beentitied togreatconsider-
ation; but \ do not think we ought to instruct the
Secretary of the Navy to do so. The words which
the committee propose to strike out were inserted
deliberately by the House of Representatives, and
afterafull discussion; those who opposed them
could not muster force enough to call the yeas and
nays. The location of the Naval Academy has
never been fixed by law, unless constructively by
the appropriations made from time to time, for its
support at Annapolis. The academy was estab-
lished by Mr. Bancroft, when Secretary of the
Navy. He found in existing laws the authority for
assembling the midshipmen who were on shore,
and of placing them under such rules and regula-
tions as would promote their scientific and profes-
sional education. No new offices were created at
that time. The superintendence of the school was
intrusted to a commander of the Navy; his subord-
inate and assistants were taken from other grades
of the service; the professors, chaplain, and teach-
ers were detailed from those already employed, and
the existing appropriations were counted sufficient
for the suppoi t of the school, as the existing laws
were counted sufficient authority for organizing it.
This was done in the recess of Congress. The plan
so happily conceived and so wisely carried out, met
with the approbation of Congress and of the coun-
try. The school became a favorite institution, as
every institution must be which strengthens and
improves and adorns that arm of the service which
has contributed so largely to the imperishable glory
of the American flag, and adequate appropriations
have been made for its support and for its enlarge-
ment. It is worthy of remark that the academy
■was established on premises belonging to the War
Department, and that still belong to it. Fort Sev-
ern , which was the territorial nucleus of the school,
belongs to the Army, and was loaned to the Navy
Department, although large additional grounds
have been acquired by purchase.
I have no desire to fix the location of the Naval
Academy at Newport by a phrase in the appropri-
ation bill. I seek no such indirectadvantage. I
only wish to guard against its removal by the im-
plication of the amendment. I am willing either
to take the sense of Congress by an explicit res-
olution, or to leave it to the President, by whose
authority it was originally established at Annap-
olis, by whose order it was removed to Newport,
and who can, in his own discretion, restore it to
its original location. I would greatly prefer that;
no change being made in the mean time, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, m both Houses, should
be instructed to visit, during the recess, the several
harbors that are competing for the academy, and
after a full examination of the natural and other
advantages of all, and after consulting with naval
officers, and after a careful consideration of all the
ciicumstances which ought to be taken into the
account, should report to Congress which place
could be selected with most advantage to the pub-
lic service.
I think it properdin this connection, to remind
the Senate of the circumstances under which the
academy was removed from Annapolis to New-
port.
It is not my purpose, Mr. President, to impeach
the loyalty of Maryland. I propose to myself no
such ungracious task, f delight to dwell upon the
fame and the glory of States, for I hold that the
glory of every State is shared m some degiee by
every other; the light from every star reflects its
brightness upon the whole constellation. I think
that the great majority of the people of Maryland
are loyal; so were the majority of every other
State, except, perhaps, South Carolina, eighteen
months ago. Not one of the seceded States dis-
solved or attempted to dissolve its connection with
the Union in accordance with any fair expression
of the popular will. It vyas ail accomplished by
deception, by fraud, and by violence, aided by trea-
son in the Departments, and favored by imbecility
in the White House. I cheerfully concede, too,
that loyalty in Maryland, with the pressure of Vir-
ginia from without and with the intrigues of trea-
son within, was not the holiday affair that it was
in Slates where the unanimous patriotism of the
people rushed to arms as the echoes from Fort
Sumter resounded through the land.
But that there existed in Maryland a large and
formidable conspiracy to force the State into the
so-called southern confederacy, that the same ele-
ments of treason, the same fraud and falsehood,
and the same preparation for violence which had
accomplished the infamous work in Virginia were
actively employed in Maryland, no one will ques-
tion. I say it in no spirit of reproach, but as a
fact bearing upon the question under considera-
tion, and in justification of the course which the
Secretary wisely adopted; that the loyal majority
of Maryland was for a time borne down by the
audacity of the traitorous minority, and that so far
as we can judge the minonty would have tri-
umphed there as it did in Virginia,but for the in-
terposition of a military force from other States.
The Legislature was traitorous, and stood ready
to aid the conspiracy with the whole legislative
powerof the State. It embarrassed the loyal and
patriotic Governor in every possible wav; it cut
off his power, disputed his prerogatives, took from
him the control of the military organization, and
did not hesitate to violate the constitution of the
State to impede him in his efforts to sustain the
Constitution of the United States. At last, so ram-
pant and audacious became the treason of the
Legislature, that the passage of an ordinance of
secession was prevented only by the arrest and
imprisonment of a large number of both branches.
The chief city of Maryland was a hot-bed of
secession; its trade, its wealth, its social influences,
with many honorable exceptions, were devoted to
the work of treason. The stones of its rowdy
pavements were reddened with the first blood shed
in this greatand wicked rebellion. Thesoldiersof
the Union marching to the defense of the capital,
on the summons of the President, were assaulted
in its streets. The bridges of the railroads were
burned, not by a violent mob, escaping from, and
overturning the defenses of the law, but by men
acting by order of the municipal government, and
under the direction of the chief of the police.
Among the expenses officially rendered to the City
Council are charges for 44 refreshments to bridge
burners," and " spirits of turpentine," purchased
to destroy the connection between the loyal States
and the capital. Nay, such was the overwhelm-
ing force of public sentiment that, for a time, even
the Governor, brave, true, and loyal as he was at
heart, and as he in every other instance proved
himself by his conduct, bent to the storm,.\nd
wrote to the President, requesting that no more
troops be sent through Maryland to defend the
capital from the hordes of treason that were press-
ing upon if, and suggesting that thequestions be-
tween the Federal "Government and the traitois
who had revolted from its authority, and were at-
tempting to break itdown, be referred to the rep-
resentative of a foreign monarch.
Such was the position of Maryland at the time
when the Naval Academy was removed from An-
napolis. But perhaps the most conspicuous in-
stance of the treason that pervaded the State, the
i^ost remarkable evidence of suicidal ingratitude
was furnished at Annapolis. If there was within
the thirty-four States a town to whose loyalty the
Federal Government had a peculiar claim, it was
the ancient borough of Annapolis, once the seat of
the Federal Congress, and surrounded with revo-
lutionary associations. Her importance had de-
clined in the changes of generations. Trade had
deserted her decaying wharves; a few fishing-boots
floated in her capacious harbor, which invited
the commerce of a continent; her single raihoad
brought hardly a passenger in its daily trips; the
feet of strangers seldom trod upon the grass that
grew in her thoroughfares, and except when the
Legislature or the courts disturbed the silence of
her streets, she seemed like some place that had
been overlooked in the march of enterprise and
forgotten in the progress of civilization. The Gov-
ernment having determined to establish a Naval
Academy, selected Annapolis for its site. This
gave the city her chief impoitnnce, it added to her
social attraction, and by the liberal expenditure
necessary for thesupportof theacademy, iufused
once more the blood of traffic in her veins. One
would thinkthat every consideration ofherancient
reputation and her present interests would have
combined, with a grateful sentiment towards the
General Government, to guard the property that
had been intrusted to her keeping. Yet hardly
had the first blast from the bugle of overt treason
died upon the air, when a mob at Annapolis threat-
ened to fire the Naval Academy and the frigate
Constitution. For four days and nights the crcvv
of that noble old ship, few in number, but of in-
domitable hearts, remained at their quarters with
shotted guns. I do not suppose that this armed
mob of secessionists was composed of the people
of Annapolis; but I can find no evidence that it
met with any opposition from them, or that the
Government received even the sympathy of the
population to whose prosperity it had so largely
contributed.
In the rush of events, each effacing the impres-
sions made by the one that preceded it, we fotget
the facts of cotemporaneous history. This is hue
even in ordinary times. It is more remarkable in
times like these, when the events of years of or-
dinary life pass in a week, and the fate of a nation
hangs in the oscillating scales. A few monthsago
it would have been unnecessary to remind the
Senate of the facts to which I have just referred.
Now, when so many other great events have in-
tervened, it may be proper to verify the state-
ments by the record made at the period. I read
from the papers of that date:
By telegraph to the dissociated Pre5«, dated Jlnnapolis, Jlprll
24, 1861 :
"To anticipate the trea<onable intentions of an organi-
zation In the vicinity, which had foimed a plot to seize the
United Statesfrigate Constitution, winch lay mooted afthe
wharf of the Naval Academy, Captain Deveteaux, with his
company, wasordeted to take possesion of bet, winch was
promptly done, and site war. towed out sevcial mile?. from
the town. On Sunday morning, the 'ilst, the steamer
giounded, and the troops were unable to effect a landing till
the moinmg of Monday. They were joined dm in«r the in-
terval by the seventh legiment Some evil di-posed people
upon the slime made preparations at tins time to et eet n bat-
tery to command the ship, but they were prevented from
completing their work.'"
Another dispatch of the same date says:
" The Constitution is manned by a companv of Massa-
chusetts tioops, and can level Annapolis with iter guns."
The New York Times of that date says:
c' On the landing of the seventh Massachusetts regiment
at Annapolis on Sunday morning, two thousand icbels col-
lected armed, and wall howitzers. Two regiments matched
through them without mole>tauon (Jennal Butler removed
the fniate Constitution fiom the Nav.d School dock, An-
napolis, out of reach of assault fiom the &liore."
I think it likely that the numbers are here ex-
aggerated; but of the fact there is no possible
doubt.
I read again from the New York Times:
u Jlmval of the Frigate Constitution—One Hundredand
Fifty one Midshipmen on Board.—The United States Ingate
Constitution, from Annapolis, arrived ia^t night, in tow of
the screw steamer Constitution, bringing one humhed and
fifty-one midshipmen from the Naval Academy and twen-
tv-five seamen. Sailed on Ftiday, a. m. Ha- had >t:ong
southerly winds to the bar. After the secession o; Vir-
ginia, tin* demonstrations of tiie secessionist* became Mi ap-
paienl that it was deemed of the createst impoitanec to
Iter out over tin; bat. Hot crew ot twentj-tivu ni'-n raid
officers had been at their quaiters with shotted uuits night,
and day for four days. Troops were diilhng on the shoie ;
signals" between them were constantly made; l.oiie patties
were around the ship to find out iier assailable points, she
iiad four anchors and seven chains out. when tin- order
came, at seven, a.m., to get Iter over the bar. The steamer
Maryland, in General Bmb'r5schaigf,onme-iioni;-idu ; one
anchor wa«? hove up toi \ne ; all the other chai.ts were
slipped, and the s>hip started at nine. a. m.  d-awnr; twen-
ty and a half lee?. Thete was then but umpteen (eet on
the bar, and for some time it was doubtful if she wouldgo,
hut, by great exeition, by lightening and careening hei,she
wfes forced over. The captain, pilot, and engineers of the
