716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
to all the gentleman from Massachusetts has said,
I will merely state the facts as they appear.
On the 22d of October Assistant duartermaster
Davis was called before the committee; and you
will find on referring to the evidence that he was
simply asked whether he furnished certain articles
to the Department. " Yes." " Prom whom were
they bought?" " Thus and so." " Is this your
bill (presenting it) for that property?" "Yes."
Well, the examination of Captain Davis passed
through, as you will find it in this report. If you
will turn to his testimony, you will find that it re-
lated principally to the purchase of certain blank-
ets. Hestates,in answerto a question, that they
were purchased of his son. And there is where
he committed the great wrong. It was in pur-
chasing them from anybody he knew1. He pur-
chased the blankets from his son, and presented
to the committee his bill. Was it a true bill?
" Certainly, the whole is correct."
But Captain Davis received no intimation of the
grave charges preferred against him. The com-
mittee made up the case without asking any ex-
planation of the bills; and I will say that the read-
ing of it reminds me very much of the celebrated
trial in England, reported by Dickens, of Pick-
wick vs. Bai'dell. You will find from this point in
the testimony that the committee dwelt upon the
number and equipment of General Fremont's life-
guard. "How many men were there? What
kind of horses did they ride? Were they bay
horses? Were they not this, that, or the other?
Did they not wear sabers? Did not his guard
stand with drawn sabers?"
Sir, as I have walked down Pennsylvania av-
enue, in this city, and observed the splendid
guards at the corner of each street, with drawn
sabers, mounted on the same colored horses that
so excited the committee in St. Louis, they serve
as a constant reminder of the noble fellows who
were my constant admiration in the streets of
St. Louis, dashing along on " bay horses," with
"drawn sabers."
If you will read tlio testimony taken in St.
Louis you will find the question most pressed
was, what was the color of the horses of General
Fremont's life-guard?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield further.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me one moment further.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; I claim the floor. My
friend will allow me to remind him that we are
not discussing the question of General Fremont's
life-guards, neither in regard to the length of the
tails of the horses, nor anything of that kind. It
is simply what mistake was made by the gentle-
man's brother in his testimony. If he will con-
fine himself to that I will yield the floor to hmi,
but when he. travels from the question 1 must in-
terrupt linn.
Mr. DAVIS. On the 23d oi'Oetober other wit-
nesses were examined wil.il legard to this bill.
Now, it would be very easy for me, if 1 had tune
to go into it, to show to the House how the mis-
apprehension arose. But 1 will not dwell upon
that now. The point 1 make is, that on the 2,'^d
my brother was examined and laid that evidence
before the committee. Ou the 23d other poisons,
Captain Turnley and otheis of the department,
were examined, and the committee thought an er-
ror in the bill was discovered, but this suspicion
was not ^communicated to Captain Davis. Had
they asked him to explain—had they asked to see'
his accounts, he would have presented his books,
and shown such simple facts us would have cleared
theirdoubtsand his reputation. The whole charge
is based upon a mistake easy of correction, and
yet I have been prevented iiom correcting tins
mistake.
As I said before, I went to the various members
of the committee. Some of them put me off.
There were honorable exceptions, however, and
they strove to aid me and to bring the matter be-
fore the committee and the country untstiue light.
My brother knew nothing of these charges until
they were laid before the House and the coun-
try, and in the presence of this House he stands
branded as a villain. AU 1 ask is that my brother
may be punished if guilty, and righted if lrnio- j
cent. Hi- chums that there is no charge made j
against him that cannot be fully and clearly ex-
plained by the facts of the case; that his effi-
ciency as an officer is materially affected because
of tins dishonor to his name; that his peace of
mind is destroyed by this most unjust accusation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say one word,
with the permission of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. It is natural that my colleague [Mr.
Davis] should feel a very deep interest in the mat-
ter now before the House. I wish, on his behalf,
to bring out the point a little more clearly than
probably he has done; notto discuss its merits—
for I never pretend to discuss that ease which has
never been heard before a tribunal. The point is
this: that Captain Davis was examined generally
in relation to matters connected with the military
department of the West; but he never supposed
—and he was not at any time notified—that his
own character was implicated in those charges.
He was tried; and, by the report, convicted on
what is clearly ex parte testimony.
From that time to this he has been laboring,
through the instrumentality of his brother, to get
a hearing before the committee. My colleague
[Mr. Covode] was always in the habit, when
prosecuting an investigation of this kind, to sub-
mit the evidence, affecting the character of any
man, to the individual to be affected by it, and in
all cases of giving him an opportunity of enter-
ing a protest, or of being heard before ho was
struck at. I understand—if I am wrong I hope
I shall be corrected—that Captain Davis—and it
is claimed that he is a gentleman of unblemished
reputation—has been tried without notice, and
struck at by this committee without a hearing—a
thing which, conceal it as we may, cover it up as
wo may, is perfectly abhorrent to the American
mind.
Mr. DAWES. I am sorry my friend did not
understand more about this matter. He ought to
have understood what I stated awhile ago—that
the committee have been ready at any moment that
Captain Davis would appear before them to hear
him in this matter. This thing is all in a nutshell,
as it is contained on only two pages of this testi-
mony. Captain Davis, while assistant quarter-
master at St. Louis, purchased of his son, in Phil-
adelphia, blankets to the amount of114,283. They
were condemned when they arrived at St. Louis
by a board of survey, at the head of which was
Captain Turnley. Captain Davis induced Gen-
eral Fremont to order a resurvey, and at the re-
survey he appeared before the board and presented
bills, by which he showed that the blankets were
only costing $1 18 and $1 45 apiece, arid that
therefore, by the pair, they would he cheaper than
ordinary blankets. Through that representation
one out of three of that board of survey was in-
duced to rccommenil their use by the pair, instead
of by the single blanket. Captain Davis was sum-
moned by the committee, and Captain Davis pro-
duced there, before the committee, tins bill, found
on page 788;
The United States to II. C. Davis. Dr.
Aug. 11. 30(1 brown giay blankets, at $3 25... .$f>50 CO
'c at $3 50... 1,001 00
17.") Mm* cc at 80... G"3 7G
L  bl.nikfM-i in oarh halo as wrappers
— 11, at .Nil .f)0  21 01)
(>^.> hiiic a\ blanket!*, at f>u  2.«39."> 7o
Aug. 10. l.K")b £k *' at CO  60
'300 biown blanket-, at >'2 .T7  -i7i 00
2(H) u " at.y2 70  r MM)0
•100 blue blankets, at 0")  1,160 00
200 « " ai ,s2 9-!  00
It « at SO GO  7 W)
1 « " at 00  3 94
Aug. 1;>. I brown blunkot.  '2 37
1 « "   •> 70
52 wiappeiN, at $1 GO  83 20
Aug. JO. 792 dozen ubbed wool luw, at 00
(Joopeiago  i 25
Loss discount.
S-L1.SJ8 :
i 3(1 ; i
At the bottom of that bill is the receipt of his
son for the #14,283. And below that is this: "A
true copy. E. AI. Davis, A. Q,. M." That bill
he produced before the committee, and it says
"two hundred brown gray blankets at <$3 ^5;"
'• two hundred and eighty-six brown gray blank-
ets at ^3 50;'' " one hundred and so veiny-five blue
blankets at $3 85;" and so on, not one of them
at the price certified.
Tiny in his own story, his own pap«>rproduced
before the committee, and upon it he was exam-
ined. When Captain Turnley, chairman of that
board of survey, was brought before the commit-
tee, tliir* bill was shown to him, the identical bill
now in my hand, and these questions were put to
him:
" Question. Is that the bill which you had before you
upon your second examination, and upon which you based
your report?
" Jlnswer. That is not the bill I saw. #
" Question By whom was the bill which you saw upon
that occasion given to you ?
" Jlnswer. It came by mail from Philadelphia; I think it
was handed to me in General Fremont's oflice."
Now Captain Davis says that this very bill which
he presented to us should have been for two hun-
dred brown gray blankets at $3 25 per pair, &c.,
and that the word " pair" should have run through
the whole bill; that it was a mistake on his part
to furnish us with such a bill. Well, it may have
been so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It would have been so,
if 
Mr. DAWES. Not now, sir. I say it is a
mistake he might have fallen into; but it is amis-
take which, if anybody fell into, he fell into, and
not the committee. And now when his brother
comes and calls the attention of the House to this
matter, we say to him, and in all frankness,(i if
your brother furnished us a bill in that form, it
was his fault and not ours." You say that your
brother is coming from St. Louis to appear before
another committee here. I say why put the Gov-
ernment to the expense of sending for him over
again, and of paying the enormous expense of
bringing him here to explain this, his mistake. If
he will come before the committee any day or any
hour, he shall have a full and fair opportunity to
set himself right.
He who says we have undertaken to stab Cap-
tain Davis behind his back; he who says we have
not offered to him upon every occasion every op-
portunity any fair man could ask to set himself
right, and to correct his own errors here, does not
know all the facts. I take the liberty to say that
the committee had no feeling and no desire other
than to do Captain Davis, or any other man whose
name figures in this report, full and ample justice;
and if any man under heaven has been misrepre-
sented in this report, and will bring before the
committee the evidence of it, I venture that every
man on the committee will make the correction.
But it seems that my friend's only difficulty is
as to who shall pay the expense of the witness
coming from St. Louis. The committee have been
attacked more than oncc upon this lloor by the
charge that they had some motive behind to
blacken men's characters in this report. I know
of no man whose name figures in this report that
I ever knew before I went upon that committee.
I knew of no man whose name figures in this re-
port; I never heard of anything that should induce
me to wish to pen down here anything against
any man. I went into this committee solely for
the purpose of doing full and ample justice to
every man, and if there is a man there who has
had injustice done him, let him bring before the
committee the evidence touching it, and it shall
go into the book along with the other statement.
1 now yield to my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. If I have an opportunity of
occupying the floor for a moment, 1 will freely
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he
will be brief.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say only a few words.
Admit all that the gentleman has said; admit all
that is published m that book—which I do not ad-
nut—ail I ask is if he is guilty punish him. That
is the ground I stood upon from the first. If he
is guilty punish him; and if he is guilty, my vote
will be the fiist one cast against him. But if he
is innocent clear him.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will occupy the floor for
a moment with the permission of the gentleman
from Indiana. I deem it necessary to make a sug-
gestion in regard to what occurred when 1 was
upon the lloui and the subject-matter of the charge
against Captain Davis was referred to. The man-
ner of the gentleman from Pennsylvania when he
asked me to yield the floor to him might leave the
impression that there was something personal be-
tween us. There was of course nothing of the
kind. The reason why I could not yield to him
was that ray hour had nearly expired, and if I
yielded to him 1 would not have had an opportu-
nity to finuh my n marks.
1 say here now, m justice to myself and to the
members of the committee, that there has been
