1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
but I can say to the Senator that Kentucky and
Kentuckiana are sufficiently able to take care of
themselves.
- Mr. WADE. If she has got men enough,
which side are they on ?
Mr. POWELL. I regret to say they are on
both sides; but they fight like brave sons of a
gallant State wherever they are. I regret that
they arc divided ; but they are on both sides.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
to the resolution offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, (Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that this whole
subject-matter be referred to the committee on
the conduct of the war.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. I do not think action ought
to be taken on this subject in the abscnce of the
Senator from California. I su^gestto the Senator
who made the motion to let it lie over till the Sen-
ator from California comes in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The* Senator
from Massachusetts has arisen to address the
Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has taken the floor to make some remarks
on the question.
Mr. POWELL. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Of course I do not wish to interfere with him.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no defense to make of
the committee on the conduct of the war, for that
business I believe may be safely left to the chair-
man of the committee. I have no opinion to ex-
press on the case of General Stone, for I know
nothing about it. But it seems to me clear that he
ought to be confronted with his accusers at an
early day, unless, indeed, there be some reason
of an overbearing military character, which, in
tbepresentcondition of the country—at a moment
of war—would render such atrial improper. Of
this I cannot pretend to judge; nor am I aware of
any evidence on which the Senate can now act.
Under these circumstances it seems to me not
advisable to counsel the multitudinous inquiries
which have been moved by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia. I concur entirely in the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin. The whole subject,
after the discussion it has now rceeivod, is proper
for one of our committees. This is all that I de-
sire to say now on the general question. I hope
I shall be pardoned if, m conclusion, I allude to
myself. Sir, I have seen in various newspapers
a most persistent attempt to accord to me and to
my imagined influence the credit or the discredit
of this arrest. This is a mistake. I have been
from the beginning an absolute stranger to it.
The arrest was originally made without any sug-
gestion or hint from me, direct or indirect, and it
has been continued without any such suggestion
or hint from me. I knew nothing about it at the
beginning,and know nothing about it now. .There
is no intimate friend or family relative of the pris-
oner who is more entirely free from all connection
with it than myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to lefer the resolution to the
committee on the conduct of the war.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I did not think it neces-
sary, Mr. President, to wait for the reply of the
Senator from Ohio to the remarks I addressed to
the Senate. If it had been the ordinary course of
debate that could be settled by any kind of rule,
where the person who made the affirmation should
have tho opening and conclusion, I might have
done so; but the Senator from Ohio hns sought to
have both. He has endeavored to reply to me on
two different occasions. I am not disposed to get
into any further discussion with him. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, I am satisfied,has not undeitaken
to reply to me so much as to endeavor to distrib-
ute the responsibility. The weight of the burden
thrown upon a few shoulders was more than the
few, the Secretary and the committee, couid ex-
actly bear, and therefore they chose to distribute
it over the whole Republican party, from the
President, as the head of the Republican party,
over all his subordinates. Allow me to say, sir,
while we engage in controversies of party, (and
parties are legitimate,) while we are all more or
less partisans, yet, m my opinion, whenever a
man of either pai' v, fit to be placed in the position
of the Pi esident of the United States, achieves that
high position, he ceases to be the President of a
party, he is the President of the nation. Let me
say further that it should be the same, whether
it is or not, with Senators. While out of doors
where the storms of party prevail, they are parti-
sans to a greater or less extent, yet when they
come here, where there should be a pure atmos-
phere, they cease to be such; they are national
Senators. For myself, I have sought to occupy
that position.
Let it be understood here that I have not assailed
the Chief Magistrate of the nation. I know well
the great burdens resting upon his shoulders—
mierhty burdens sufficient to weigh down a man
of Titanic form atid strength. I understand well
that in all this detail of business, he cannot take
charge either of the inquiry or of the adminis-
tration. I took occasion on a former day to say
that I did not believe he had anything to do with
the arrest of General Stone. I do not believe he
had anything to do with any of these particular
arrests. Of course, he is in a certain sense respons-
ible. The fault I found with him was that he
had allowed these things to be done. It is the
misfortune of the country that he has not better
surroundings; for let me say, as I have had occa-
sion to say before, 1 know of no wiser or better
man in and about the Government than the pres-
ent Chief Magistrate. The fault I find is that by
the accidents of party, by the demanding, exact-
ing; influences of partisans, he has been almost
compelled to surround himself with some persons
altogether unfit for their high place, and unfit to
be counselors of the President of the United States.
At the same time I wish to be understood that I
make no assault upon the Republican party as
such, i believe the chief element that placed our
present Chief Magistrate in his place of honor and
of power was a true democratic, constitutional,
law-abiding element, and that it is a vast minority
that appeals to a law higher than the Constitu-
tion, as they say; lower, as I say—as low as are
the gates of hell.
Sir, 1 am not to be placed in the position of as-
saulting all men or making war upon all men who
have hud anything to do with the building up of
the present Administration. It was an opposition
movement, and brought together many opposition
elements, as all opposition movements do, adverse
elements of all forms and shapes. I know that
many people of my opinion supported the present
Chief Magistrate, because they thought there was
no chance for the other candidate for the Presi-
dency from Illinois, and believing that the candi-
date from Kentucky was disloyal, they wanted to
demonstrate their loyal sentiment. Thousands
and tens of thousands voted for him who are men
whobelieve in the Constitution in all its integrity,
m the laws with all their force, and in the courts
with all their dignity and power. In my judg-
ment, they are the great body of the men who are
now upholding this war and this Government; and
I say that those persons who ignore the Consti-
tution, who deny all law, who assert the exist-
ence of a power that cannot be measured by any
term, but may at its pleasure by a nod mark its
victim; I say that those persons are making war,
violent war, upon the integrity of the Union, and
arc, each one of them, as far as in them lies, as
mischievous as any of those who head a column
of the enemy.
It is in that spirit that I have spoken. I do not
chatge the Administration. I not only icgard the
President as an able man, but many of his Cabi-
net have my high respect. 1 say great wrong has
been done, and I charge it to the head of the War
Department. To a certain extent the responsi-
bility has been assumed by the chairman of the
committee on the conduct of the war. All the re-
sponsibility that he has chosen to take, whether
in maintaining himself or assaulting me,does not
disturb me at all, nor will it disturb the country;
but at whose instance this wrong has been done,
whether at the instance of the committee or of the
Secretary, is a subject for consideration. The ac-
tion the Government takes is that into which the
people will inquire: and I trust I yet belong to a
country where the people are sovereigns. In them
rests ultimate sovereignty; and when they, the
people, exhibit the result of their judgment in this
Hall, in the other end of the Capitol, m the place
where the President sits, and in all places of legit-
imate power, it will be known whether I am right,
or whether the Senator from Ohio is light, or
whether the Secietary of War is right. I am will-
ing to trust the judgment of the tribunes of the
people.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to say a word
in regard to the reference of this question to the
committee on the conduct of the war. I intro-
duced the resolution. It is a very extraordinary
thing that my adversary should ask to have it
referred to his committee, the committee on the
conduct of the war, the inquisitorial committee.
Have we not regular committees of this Senate
that are not inquisitions, and who discharge reg-
ular public business? If it is to be referred, refer
it to some committee that does not sit with sealed
doors, take ex parte testimony, and give ex parte
verdicts. In my judgment, the resofution should
not be referred at all; but as the Senator has made
the motion, I move to amend it by moving thatit
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I shall consider the vote of the Senate on that mo-
tion as somewhat the sense of the Senate as to
whether this inquiry should be properly re-
sponded to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from California to refer to a stand-
ing committee has precedence over the motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin to refer to a select
committee, and will be first put.
Mr. KING. As one of the members of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I think it proper
that I should express my opinion upon the sub-
ject of reference to that committee. I think my-
self that the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin
is decidedly the more appropriate one. If there
were no committee that had this subject specially
in chaige, the Committee on Military Affairs
would be the appropriate one to which to refer it;
but having entire confidence in the committee on
the conduct of the war, which is a joint committee
of the two Houses and has this whole subject
under its consideration, I think it better to refer
the resolution to them rather than have this ques-
tion in the charge of, and under the examination
of, two different committees.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I understand the
Senator from New York to prefer that this inquiry
should be made by a committee that carries on its
operations in secret, whose business is of a secret
character. Pie prefers that it should go to a spe-
cial committee raised for a particular purpose,
who have taken, as I charge, ex parte testimony,
and the regular standing Committee on Military
Affairs not to investigate it. If the Senate are
prepared to indorse that proposition let them take
the responsibility.
Mr, KING. I am not responsible for the un-
derstanding of the Senator from California. I did
not make any such statement as he does, as the
ground of my reason for preferring that this mat-
ter should go to the committee on the conduct of
the wai. I think there are good reasons for it,
and therefore I am in favor of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is mistaken in supposing that this motion
was made by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
with whom he has had this discussion. He did
not make the motion at all. The motion was
made by myself, and 1 did so for this reason: that
committee, as I understand, is clothed with power
to make investigations into facts which may be
necessary, peihaps, as to what should be done
with this whole subject, and therefore it was that
I moved to refer it to that committee. I think it
is an appropriate committee, and it had better go
there.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me, then, to re-
mark in the same connection, and that it may be
understood, that the chairman of the committee
on the conduct of the war has stated in his place
he thought there was probable cause for the ar-
rest; that he has not stated the probable cause,
and has revealed none of the facts found by the
inquisition. I protest against its going t& the
committee on the conduct of the war, as I want
information, and I have no hope of getting it from
that place; and I want to ascertain whether we
have got the power to bring it from the Secretary
of War or not.
Mr. HALE. Without entering into any feel-
| ing on this subject, I confess that I think the res-
olution relates to a matter that the Senate ought
to inquire into, and it strikes me it would be im-
proper to refer it to a committee that is not sub-
ject to the control of the Senate. The committee
i on the conduct of the war is a joint committee ere-
