•218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
37tii Cons....2d Sbss.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. of Reps.
of a war. And, therefore, 1 can hardly consider
the objection to the confiscation of private prop-
erty, underthese circumstances, as other than a
pretense to effect the defeat of the measure, and
an unwillingness to strike in this manner an effect-
ual blow at the rebel power. They are a rebel
and seditious belligerent armed power within the
territorial limits of the United States, possessing
the means to sustain and subsist armies, and their
property is being freely used for that purpose.
Under these circumstances, every sense of justice
and sound policy would seem to dictate that we
should take from them the means of sustaining
armies and continuing this most unjust and un-
paralleled war. 'We propose to tax the loyal
portion of our nation to sustain our Army and
Navy to an amount that savors of confiscation.
Why should we not take from the enemy their
property and thereby cripple their resources, and
at the same time compel them to bear their just
proportion of the expense of a war inaugurated
by them without a shadow of reason, but for pur-
poses only known to the enemies of free consti-
tutional Government?
Their mode of warfare, Mr. Speaker, would seem
to justify, if not demand, the most rigorous policy
known to the laws of war. They plunder and de-
stroy the property of Union men wherever they
have the physical power to do so. The sad deso-
lation that has marked the march of their armies
has left a record of ruthless warfare more dark
than that of barbarous ages. In Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Missouri, the homes of
loyal men are made desolate, their dwellings
burned, and themselves and families driven from
the land, while traitorous rebels are secure in their
possessions, the laws of the land respecting the
rights of citizens. The rebels have immunities
from violence and wrong that true loyal men are
deprived of by the rebel hordes that infest and
plunder the country. Smoldering ruins but too
plainly mark the place from which loyal men have
been driven. Prisoners, that the changing fates
of war have placed in their power, are treated with
more than savage cruelty, deprived of wholesome
diet, confined in crowded prisons where pestilence
ravages and destroys; they are murdcied in cold
Wood by a ruthless soldiery for attempting to
inhale, from their prison windows, the pure air of
heaven. In the most brutal manner have they
murdered our wounded soldiers who fell upon the
field nobly, bravely defending and fighting under
the flag ot the Union. They have employed ruth-
loss savages to make war upon our people, and
permitted them, while under their command, to
scalp and mutilate the dead, wounded and dying
of our countrymen. They have despoiled the
grave of its dead; have digged therefrom, with
theirunholy hands, the bodiesof those who fell in
battle, for the hellish purpose of making from
their bones articles to adorn their persons; and of
the skull of a brave officer they made a drinking
cup for use at their revels, where humanity would
refuse to enter, and where devils alone did con-
gregate.
When driven from their strongholds, they con-
ceal beneath the surface of the earth, in frequented
places, infernal machines, which, when pressed
by feet of weary soldiers, explode, and thus they
murder them. Many have fallen victims to this
mode of inhuman assassination. Who does not
blush for his kind and his country when he re-
views the dreadful record of this civil war?
And who will not say that the savage warrior,
With the bleeding scalp of his enemy at his gir-
dle, is not an angel of light compared with those
who, reaied in a civilized and Christian land, can
perpetrate such atrocitiesr For this a dteadful
ictiibution will and mustloliow. "Vengeance will
not always slumber; the blood of our slain cries,
from the red field of strife for a deep and terrible
retribution. It will come.
Sir, I would not retaliate; I would not adopt
meas ures of ex ti cme rigor; butl would take from
them the means to again blacken the history of
the world by the continuance of such dreadful
and unnatural crimes.
Who can complain of the policy of confiscating
the property of rebels in arms} Certainly they
cannot; for they have adopted the policy of cap-
ture and confiscation in ils greatest extent. The
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] introduced
and urged the passage of a more stringent confis-
cation bill than the one now before the House.
Many gentlemen of Missouri and Virginia urge
the passage of this bill; and the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Noell] advocated the enactment
of this bill in an able and effettive speech, as did
also his colleague, [Mr. Blair.] Whence, then,
comes the opposition? Mainly from the northern
States; from gentlemen whose constituents are
being sacrificed by thousands to put down and
crush out this rebellion. Let them settle that ac-
count with their own people when they shall meet
face to face, when the woe and mourning for those
slain in battle shall convince them that war is in
the land
Now, what do we propose? We propose that
the really guilty shall be punished and their
property confiscated. I desire that those who
have instigated this rebellion shall be punished, I
care not how severely. Those that have led the
southern portion of this Confederacy to murderous
acts against the Government, and have induced
unthinking men to attempt, by violence, its de-
struction, should be made to bear the penalty of
treason and feel the weight and burden of the war
they have induced. Wc should not in our legis-
lation strike at the unthinking and the unwitting
dupes of designing men, but we should strike at
those whose heads have conceived and whose
hearts have been enlisted in this work. For them
I have no sympathy; to them but little mercy is
due; they are rebels, and they are engaged in a
war against a Government the best on earth. I
propose to reach them, and them alone. Sir, this
bilj, forgetting all the past, the horrid past, that will
stand for all time upon the records of the history
of my country, proposes to condemn them to the
loss of the very means by which they carry on
this war. I would not reach the masses. I would
leave them to be wooed back to their allegiance
to the Government. You cannot, you should not,
sacrifice whole communities, but you can punish
the leaders of the rebellion. The history of the
world does not furnish an instance in which such
a rebellion has been raised against a Government,
and in which its leaders were not punished. I
would woo back the men of the South who till
their farms—the young men who, under excite-
ment, have been led to deeds of disloyalty by the
false statements of their leaders. I would woo
them back, but ask me not to woo back the arch-
traitors themselves. As well might you attempt
to woo the tiger from his lust of blood, or lure the
arch-fiend from his sulphurous home to the realms
of light and peace from which he fell by like re-
bellion, as to lure back these men who lead the
rebel armies and have instigated and continued
this war of insurrection. Mr. Speaker, I do not
feel at liberty to rest here without doing all in my
power to cripple their energies and put an end to
this desolating war. I tried to avert it. I wish
it could have been averted. I had hoped that they
would return to their allegiance.
But that time has passed, and we are derelict in
our duty if we halt and hesitate longer in this
emergency.
It has been my fortune, sir, to visit recently the
homes of my constituents. Wc have sent many
thousands to the field. How many of them may
leturn is for the future to determine. Thousands
will never return; they have sealed their devotion
to their country with their lives; the altar of our
common country has long been red with the blood
of sacrifice. Go where you will through our State,
and on the streets you will see maimed and dis-
abled soldiers. Mothers and sisters nurse the
sick and wounded, while fathers bury their dead
slain in battle. But the heart of that people is
sound; they have no fears of the result of this
conflict; they have set their hearts on the preser-
vation of the Union, and, if need be to accomplish
it, they will send one hundred thousand more true
men to the field.
But, sir, they expect us to do our duty; they
will do theirs. They will demand of us—thev
do demand of us—to, in all constitutional ways,
strike down the power of those who strike them,
oir, if we arc as tiue to ourselves and our coun-
try as arc our constituents to the Union, we will
not hesitate in our action to-day.
CONFISCATION OP REBEL PKOPERTY .
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. THOMAS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
May 24, 1863.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr.THOMAS, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker: Before proceeding to the discus-
sion of the measures before the House, I hope I
may be pardoned for making one or two prelimi-
nary suggestions. At as early a day as December,
1860,1 expressed my earnest conviction of the
course to be pursued by the Government and peo-
ple of this country in relation to secession—that
it was but another and an unmanly form of rebel-
lion, and that it must be met at the threshold and
crushed by arms; that after an ordinance of seces-
sion, as before, it was the duty of the Government
to execute in every part of this indivisible Repub-
lic the Constitution and the laws.
But I believed then, and believe now, that the
life of the States is just as essential a part of this
Union as the life of the central power; that their
life is indeed one life; and when the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] yesterday as-
sured the House that the statement made by me
in a former speech, "that when the conflict of
arms ceases the nation will remain, and the States
will remain essential parts of the body politic,"
" was one of those old and audacious propositions
which cannot fail to shock the common sense of
mankind," I felt that either lie or I had wholly
misconceived the nature and structure of the Gov-
ernment under which we live. E pluribus mium.
Of many States, one nation. The Union is not a
graveyard for the burial of dead commonwealths.
The body politic is safer with a sound limb than
with a dead one. But the gentleman from New
York has made progress in this doctrine of State
suicide, and assures the House not only of the death
of the States, but that the people " by permission
of the military power and not before," can form
new governments and seek again admission here.
Mark the words, " by permission of the military
power, and not before." Where are we drifting,
Mr. Speaker, and what is the end. These are not
hasty words, butthe deliberately uttered language
of one, who no less by culture and capacity than
by your appointment, is a leader of the House.
" By permission of the military power, and not
before." I repeat the question, where are wc drift-
ing, what is the end ?
I was guilty of another audacious act in the
view of the gentleman from New York. I awoke
St. Paul from the dead to give countenance to my
doctrine. The gentleman must pardon me, Mr.
Speaker; I must be an old fogy. It never occurred
to me that the epistles of Paul were among the
dead things of the past. I supposed they were the
well-spring of immortal life, and, like the gospels,
the same to-day, yesterday, and forever. I am
bound to presume this was a heedless remark, for
I am sure the gentleman can have no sympathy
with the new school of philosophy which has
outgrown the Gospel, and which, making equal
war with the Christian church and with the Union,
has issued the new evangel, in which abstract love
of the race is substituted for practical love of our
neighbor, confusion for social order, freedom from
restraint for the liberty of obedience. But let this
pass.
Mr. Speaker, no man can desire more earnestly
than I do the suppression of this rebellion, and
the restoration of order, unity, and peace. But
there are two things t cannot, I will not do. I
will not trample beneath my feet the Constitution
I have sworn before God to support. I will not
violate even against these rebels the law of nations
as recognized and upheld by all civilized and
Christian States, I believe I must do both, to vote
for these bills, and at the same time do an act
unwise and especially adapted to defeat the end
in view, if that end be the restoration of the Union
and the salvation of the Republic.
I propose very briefly to examine the bills be-
fore the House (and especially that as to confis-
