1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
ated by the two Houses, and it would not be com-
petent for the Senate to direct them to report or
to take any action upon it; and by referring it to
that committee, the Senate loses its control over
it. I have not attended to all the discussions that
have taken place; but I look upon the question
that is involved in this resolution, and in the in-
quiry which is made, as one of the last importance
to the people of this country. I have had occa-
sion heretofore to give my views somewhat at
length on this subject; and without indicating any
opinion that I have upon it, I think it manifestly
proper that the Senate should keep this resolution
under their own control, and not refer it to a com-
mittee over whom they have no control, and from
whom they cannot direct a report.
Mr. KING. Being a member of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, I expressed my opinions
as I entertained them on the question of reference.
If, however, there is any doubt as to where the
resolution should go, as the opinion of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire indicates, I would pre-
fer that this matter should go over. Hoping that
this subject might be disposed of, I have deferred
for some time a motion to go into executive ses-
sion, for winch there is good reason. I will make
that motion, and let this question go over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us dispose of this.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senate will
make some disposition of it.
Mr. KING. My opinion is that this subject
ought not to be in the hands of two committees of
the Senate. I desire it disposed of some way.
Probably wc can dispose of it without further
debate, and I will not press my motion at present.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to be informed which
question is the privileged question—the question
to refer to the Committee on Military Aftairs, or
to the joint committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
refer to the Committee on Military Affairs has
precedence.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make one sug-
gestion. The committee on the conduct of the
war has already had charge, to a certain extent,
of the matters involved in this inquiry. Thatwe
have become aware of by this debate. It seems
to me, therefore, that it would be entirely proper
that the further consideration of it should be put
in the hands of the same committee. Otherwise
another committee will be left to go over, perhaps,
the same ground, to summon the same witnesses,
and peruse the same documents that have already
occupied the attention of the committee on the
conduct of the war. It seems to me that there is
a practical reason which is ample to sustain us in
referring it to the committee on the conduct of
the war, rather than to another committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I concur fully with the
idea that the committee oil the conduct of the
wai is the appropriate committee. If that com-
mittee can be trusted, if wc have a respcct for it,
and think it ought to be continued, and that the
subject submitted to it ought to be still in its hands,
this matter should go to that committee. If it is
not to be trusted, it may be well to appoint some-
body else, or to do away with the committee. The
question is one of delicacy. It may be that it is
proper that this should be investigated. I have
no objection to the investigation. It may be that
it is equally proper that the results of that inves-
tigation should not be known, that it is a matter
not at present to be made public. There may be
very good reasons; and the presumption is, as it
has not been made public, (supposing always that
public officers do right in relation to these matters,)
tlmt there is some very good reason why it has
not been stated to the public thus far.
Now, sir, in the view which the honorable Sen-
ator from California takes of it—and I coincide
with him upon general principles—it is very im-
portant, very proper at any rate, that questions
of this kind should be investigated by Congress.
We are or ought to be the guardians of the rights
of the people, and ofevery individual; but in times
like these, we do not proceed, we cannot proceed
m oil paiticulars upon the same principles and
with the same carc and the same publicity that wc
do in times of perfect peace. That has been well
understood, not only by us, but by the people at
large. I have heard no very particular complaints
in regard to these things, because it has been taken
for granted that, in tins stage of our country's
history and under existing circumstances, there
might be occasion to do things which, in ordinary
cases, would not be proper to be done. While I
am disposed to look upon these proceedings with
jealousy, perhaps with suspicion, I ran yet un-
derstand very readily the difficulties which beset
public officers in conducting the affairs of the
Government at the present time. I trust the hon-
orable Senator from California is willing to look
on all questions with liberality 
Mr. McDOUGALL. He was arrested early in
February, and he has been denied a hearing to
the present moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I Understand all that, and
I understand perfectly well that there may be cir-
cumstances with regard to the arrest and the long
continued imprisonmentof General Stone without
a trial, well calculated to excite the sensibilities of
his friends, perhaps the sensibilities of gentlemen
like the honorable Senator from California, and
like myself, I hope, disposed to look with care and
jealousy upon every infringement of the ordinary
course of judicial proceeding or of military pro-
ceeding. That is all very true; but, as I said be-
fore, we are bound to presume in the beginning
that there arc good reasons for what may seem to
us out of the ordinary course.
The honorable Senator has expressed his con-
fidence in the patriotism and the justice of the
President of the United States. He must be aware
that this thing could not have been done without
his concurrence, and could not be continued with-
out his approbation and consent. He is the head
of the Army and the head of the Republic; and it
is useless to avoid the infercnce;cvcrybody knows
that he is responsible for what is done by those
who are his Secretaries, his right hands in refer-
ence to all the Departments and their proceedings.
The responsibility cannot be shifted from the
President; he does not desire it, and nobody who
is his friend desires it; for nobody who was his
friend would say for him that he did not wish to
be held responsible for what was done by his
subordinate officers under his own eyes in refer-
ence to matters in his own charge. It would be
disrespectful to him as a man and as President
of the United States to entertain any such sus-
picion for a moment. "When, therefore, the Sen-
ator from California expressed his entire confi-
dence in the patriotism and justice of the President
of the United Slates, he settles this whole question
so far as the opinions of the President of the United
States are concerned.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would suggest that pos-
sibly the Piesident of the United States has not
an opinion on the subject; that the facts and testi-
mony being in possession of one of his officers
whom he trusts, he may have had nothing to do
with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Sir, I have too much
respect, too much regard for the President of the
United States to suppose any such thing, as that
his subordinate, who is in communication with
him every day, could take a measure of this kind
and continue it. without the President having any
opinion upon the subject. I could not entertain
that idea for a single instant consistently with the
deep respect which I entertain for the President.
As my honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] suggests, such a supposition would over-
throw the whole system of our Government and
the whole idea of it. No, sir, it is useless to say
that the Senator has entire confidence in the Pres-
ident, and at the same time assert that the Pres-
ident does not know anything about this matter,
and has no opinion in regaid to it. I think better
of him.
Under these circumstances, I hold that the head
of the Republic has good reasons for what he
| does; and I repeat here what I have said before,
I that m times like these, while I would look with
i jealousy and suspicion upon every appearance of
! an infringement upon the rights of the individual
i citizen, 1 can readily suppose there are cases in
! which a man placed as he is must take the respons-
I lbihty of acting, and leave to a wise, libera! , and
| just people to judge by lesults and by motive—
| by the necessities of the case as they shall be
developed.
i That this thing has been done and has continued
so long, proves that in his opinion it is_ necessary
and wise and piudent, and not inconsistent with
the duty which he owes to the Republic. He has
not given us the reasons up to the present time;
and what is to be inferred from that? That he
docs not deem it wise and prudent and consistent
with the safety and best good of the Republic that
he should do so. We choosc to inquire into it;
we have a right to inquire into it; it may be our
duty. I do not dispute the perfect propriety of
the proceeding of the honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia in this case; but 1 say, consistently with
that, the most proper thing we can do, in my judg-
ment, is to refer the matter to that committee which
we have selected to investigate it, to look into it
and all similar cases, and repoit or not as they in
their judgmentmay deem wise and prudent. Must
we not trust somebody ? When the President, in
whom we have full confidence, has acted and we
choose to inquire of him, may we not well com-
mit the inquiry to gentlemen selected from this
body in whom wc have implicit confidence, when
we know that many of these things may necessa-
rily be kept secret from the public for a time for
the public good ? Are we to overstep a course so
obviously dictated by prudence on bare suspicion
or because a case presents itself to us as a strange
one'1 Sir, let us take that step first; at all events
no harm can follow from that. I have entire con-
fidence in the committee thatwe have selected,
and 1 believe they will do what is wise and satis-
factory to us all.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the duties
of this committee seem to be misapprehended
either by the committee or by the Senator from
California. The committee on the conduct of the
war has never, in any single instance, examined
into an individual case unless it came up incident-
ally in connection with the conduct of the war.
Never in a single instance, to my recollection, has
the private character ofany individual been touched
incidentally, as in the case of General Stone, where
the testimony has not been submitted to that in-
dividual and he himself had an opportunity to
vindicate his character before the committee.
Now, sir, I do not like these imputations of in-
quisitorial sccrecy; these charges of ex parte test-
imony. They are untrue in point of fact. It is
no such committee. Wc do not desire the refer-
ence of this resolution to us; yet if the Senate of
, the United States sees fit to impose upon us this
duty, we shall be compelled to execute it; but it
will be the first instance where the committee has
investigated the case of an individual. We have
not adopted as a rule our course of action; but I
may state the fact that in every instance where
there was a single opposing voice on the commit-
tee to the receipt of any testimony, to the sum-
moning of any witness, to the examination of any
fact, the committee has omitted to examine into
that fact or to take the testimony of that witness.
We had Governor Johnson, of Tennessee, upon
the committee. I presume the Senator from Cali-
fornia will not stand up in his place and impugn
Governor Johnson? WehadMr.odell,a highly
honorable gentleman from the State of New York,
a Democrat, one of the soundest of the sound.
And so scrupulous have we been that, where out
of the seven members of the committee on the con-
duct of the war, there has been a single objection
to the examination of any witness or any subject
or anything, we have omitted to examine that
witness or that subject or that thing. Up to this
date, every act done, every motion made, every
pai tide of testimony submitted to the Administra-
tion , or to those who had the power to correct the
evil, has been done by the unanimous consent
and desire of the committee on the conduct of the
war.
Sir, I do not like these imputations that it is a
one-sided, secret, inquisitorial committee. It is
false, sir; it is not so. The committee on the con-
duct of the war, so far as my knowledge extends,
is the first committee ever raised that has been
aboveany such imputationsas have been cast upon
that committee by the Senatoi from California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does the Senator under-
take to say that I ha\e said anything false?
Mr. CHANDLER. I say that any imputation
that that is an inquisitorial committee is false.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Docs the Senator from
Michigan undertake to say that I have said any-
thing that is false ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator may put his
own construction upon it. 1 say that any man
who says this is an inquisitorial committee says
what is false.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Now, let me say to the
Senator from Michigan 
