1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
no desire whatever to fasten any charge upon the
brother of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or
upon any other man. When the gentleman first
spoke to me about his brother's matter, I sym-
pathized with him. 'I told him that I would call
the committee together immediately, and give
him an opportunity to appear before the commit-
tee, and make any explanation he desired to make
on his brother's behalf. That was the first inti-
mation that the gentleman gave me that there was
any matter of complaint which he had on his
brother's account, or on his own account, against
the committee. When it was mentioned, as I have
alreadysaid, I immediately gave notice to the
members of the committee, and gathered them
together in their room. The committee then gave
Mr. Davis an opportunity to come before them,
and he did come, and make his statement. The
committee gave him a respectful and patient hear-
ing. At the next meeting, which I believe was the
same or the next evening, the matter was under
consultation bv (he committee, find it was then
resolved that Captain Davis should have an op-
portunity to come before the committee and make
any explanation that he desired. A statement was
made to the committee that it would cost §500 to
get Captain Davis heie from St. Louis. The com-
mittee were willing that Captain Davis should
come before them, and make his statement. The
statement that it would cost $500 to bring him
here from St. Louis was made before that time,
and before 1 had any intimation that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania or his brother felt ag-
grieved by anything which was contained m this
report. So far as 1 am concerned, I had the most
kindly feelings for the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania and for his brother. I felt disposed with
the committee to extend towards him every fa-
cility for explanation by his brother, or by him-
self. Therefore I have a right to think strange of
the gentleman's remarks. As far as I am con-
cerned, I have done all I could to have any injus-
tice done to his brother corrected. Rut at tins
time the committee are not paying fees to men
employed in the public service. They are sum-
moned by letter or subpena. We have discon-
tinued to fee those in the employ of the Govern-
ment. If those who aie summoned do not come,
then we may possibly ask the House to adopt a
resolution that they shall be made to come.
1 have felt it due to myself, from the disposition
manifested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
during my speech, to make this explanation in
regard to the matter of Captain Davis.
Mr. HOLMAN. The fact has been mentioned,
i believe, that Captain Davis is a quartermaster
with the title of captain. Immediately after the
publication of this report last December the com-
mittee were m session m Cincinnati, and a friend
of Captain Davis brought to our attention the fact
that injustice had been done to him. I was then
acting for the committee, and I took the earliest
moment of saying that every oppoitumty would j
be offered to Captain Davis to appear before the j
committee, and to correct any error into which '
the committee had fallen. j
It has been properly suggested, I think, that j
this matter should hf*postponed for consideration |
to a future day. The gentleman from Illinois,;
[Mr. Wasiiburne,] a member of the committee, |
is absent on account of a misfortune of a domestic !
character. I ask the unanimous consent of the '
House to offer a resolution to come in after the j
others, and then I will move to postpone the whole !
subject. |
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: i
Rpsoh e L Thai Hon ^mion Cameron, late Pocrctaiy of I
Wai, by mvcsstins Alexander Cmmi}iii£>, without rrqujr- !
from him tun miaianteu lor the iaithhii perfonnance of
hi*> dunes. With the control of litrcje of the public
money, and autlionty to puicha^e without ie>tuction larj/e
amount? of tnilitaiy *uj>|dic<?; atnl the Secretary of the
Navy, in the employment of Gcoure D. Morgan, without
H'qiuung any s-uch auiitanti'O, m the puichas-e of a laiirfi
number of vef^eN for the public use, with a complication
dependent on the pi ices paid, and recenabh fiom the seller,
instead ot omplin iu«r ic-nonsiMe. otlicos of the Govern-
ment, have adopted a policy ln«iil\ miuiious to the puhjie
service, destructive of public economy and public eonh-
denee, and tlesuve the censure ol tin-* Jion-e. !j
There was no objection,ami the lesolution nvs ;
received. j
Mr. STEVEN'S. This is ail addition,\1 i\so- j!
luti^n ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand thejrrn-
tleman to ask a vote on my amendment, for I
want to be heard on it.
Mr. FENTON. I move to still further amend
by adding the following proviso:
Piodded, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to exonerate the Government from the payment
of any claims arising from advances made in good faith on
certificates made by authorized officers of the Government.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the whole sub-
ject be postponed until Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPTDEE OE FORT HENRY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to have read the paper I send to the
Clerk.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read, as
follows:
United States Flag Steamer Cincinnati,
Off Fort Henry, Tennessee River,
February 6,1802.
Hon. G. Welles, Secretary of the Navy:
The gunboat* undci my command—'Essex, Commander
Portei; Caiondelet, Commander Walke; Cincinnati, Com-
mander Stemebel; St. Lotus, Lieutenant Commanding
Paulding; Concstoga, Lieutenant Commanding Phelps;
Taylor, Lieutenant Commanding Quinn j and Lexington,
Lieutenant Commanding Shirb—after a severe and rapid fire
of one hour and a quarter have captured Fort Henry, and
have taken General Lloyd Tilglunan, and his stall', with
sivtymen as prisoners. The surrender to the gunboats was
unconditional as we kept an open fire upon them until their
flag was struck. In halt anhoui after the surrender 1 handed
the fort and prisoners over to General Grant, commanding
the army, on his anival at the tort m force. The Essex had
a i- hot in hei boilers, and aftei lighting most effectually for
two thirds of the action was obliged to drop down the liver,
as I hear that several of hoi men weie scalded to death, in-
cluding the two pilots. She with the other gunboat5, offi-
cers, and men, fought with the greatest gallantry. The
Cincinnati received thiity-one shots, and had one man
killed, and eight wounded, two seiiously. The fort, with
twenty guns and seventeen mortars, was defended by Gen-
eral Tilghman with the most determined gallantry. I will
vviite as. soon as possible. I have sent Lieutenant Com-
manding Philips and three gunboats after the rebel gun-
boats. A. II. FOOTE, Flag Officer.
[Great applause upon the floor and in the gal-
leries.]
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. WICKLIFFE moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn^to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN A. SMITH.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 183, pro-
viding for the settlement of the accounts of John
A. Smith, clerk of the eucuit and criminal court
of the District of Columbia, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill was ordeied to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it wuh accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved tn reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The hitler motion was agreed to.
IfETRfi OF MAJOR RIPLEY.
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bili for the relief of the
heirs of Major John Ripley; which was read a
iiist and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole House, and, together with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
LAND CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
Mi*. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, repoitcd back
with an amendment, bill of the House No. 114,
authorizing flouts to issue in satisfaction of claims
against the United States toi lands sold by them
within the Las Ormigas and La Nana giants, in
the State of Louisiana.
The bili was read. The first section provides
that the Commissioner of the General Land Office
shall issue and deliver to the respectiv', owner or
owners of the Las Ormsgas and La Nana tracts
of land, formerly situate in the parish of Natchi-
toches, now parishes of Sabine and De Soto, in
Louisiana,oi to his or their assi^nsorotherlegal
representatives, certificates or floats m the usual
form, for so much land as may have been sold,
donated, granted, or resei ved by the United Suites
within sua! tracts or either of them; which certif-
icates or floats may be located by the owner or
holder thcieof on any lands belonging to the Uni-
ted States, and subjcct to private entry ata price
not exceeding $1 25 per acre, and the certificates
or floats shall be in full satisfaction of all'claims
against the United States for lands so sold, do-
nated, granted, or reserved. The second section
provides that the act shall take effect immediately.
The amendment reported by the committee was
as follows:
Add at the end of section one the following:
Provided, That as a condition precedent to the issuing
of the floats hereinbefore authorized, the claimant or claim-
ants shall present to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office satisfactory evidence of title thereto, and that such
claimants have been, and continue to be loyai to the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I will make a
brief statement of the facts in this case, and then
I am sure there will be no objection to the passage
of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether this authority to make a location
elsewhere than in Louisiana results from the in-
ability of the parties now to locate within the
limits of that State ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I will speak
on that point. This bill,although a private bill,
is in fact a bill to carry out, as far as the parties
interested in this claim are concerned, a treaty
stipulation between the United States and France
contained in the treaty of Pans of 1803, under
which we acquired the province of Louisiana.
The two grants in question, the Las Ormigasand
the La Nana, were concessions made about the
year 1798 by the military commandants of posts
belonging to the Spanish Government within the
Territory of Louisiana. They were not in their
nature absolute and perfect titles, but were what"'
were termed by the courts imperfect and inchoate
titles. It required, in order "to perfect the titles,
grants of the military Governors. Those grants
were never issued -by the Spanish Government;
but after the concession Spain parted with her title
to France, France assuming all the obligations
which rested upon Spain with reference to the own-
ers of land within the Territory of Louisiana.
France afterwards, by the treaty of 1803, trans-
ferred the Territory to the United States, and the
United States, by a clause in that treaty, under-
took to protect all the private rights of Spanish
subjects, or of claimants of lands or other prop-
erty within the Territory of Louisiana.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 would inquire of the
gentleman if this claim 1ms been adjudicated upon
and decided valid in the Supreme Court?
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir; I wih
call the attention of the House to that in a mo-
ment.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The land has been sold
by the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Portions of
these two grants have been sold by the United
States.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And this bill proposes to
satisfy the claimants with floats for the land thus
sold ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then it is the claim I un-
derstood it to be. I wanted to be certain.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. By an act of
Congiess the claimants under these imperfectand
inchoate titles were authorized to present their
claims to the district court of the United States
for the distiict of Louisiana, and the district court
might confirm or reject the claims, the parties
having the right of appeal.
The claimants of th'* Las Ormigas and La Nana
grants, m pursuance of this act of Congress, filed
their petition m the district court of the United
States for the district of Louisiana; and there, upon
adjudication, it was held that the titles were per-
fect. A decree was made tor the confirmation of
the titles; and a further decree was made that for
any lauds which had been taken by the United
States after the date of the treaty and before the
date of confirmation the parties should be indem-
nified by locating a similar quantity of land on
other public lands of the United States.
The case came before the Supreme Court of the
United States by an anpeal, and the Supreme
Court affirmed the decision of the district court
so far as the decision of the district court went
merely to the confirmation of titles; but so far as
the district couit had undertaken to give indem-
nity to thf claimants by giving them the right to
locate a similar quantity of land upon other lands
of the United States, that decree was reversed,
