220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. oe Heps.
extent, belligerent powers. An officer of the rebel
army comes to you under a flag of truce: can
you take him from under that flag and hang him
for treason ? He stands to you in the double rela-
tion of enemy and traitor, but you cannot touch
a hair of his head while he is under that white
flag. Take another ease. You have stipulated
for an exchange of prisoners of war. The cartel
has beeu sent, and the prisoner of war is on his
way to make the exchange. Does any man on
this floor say that you can take him on his way
and try and hang him? And if not, why not?
The plain answer is, because having recognized
him as under the law of nations, while he is sub-
ject to its power, he is entitled to its protection.
Pass what bills we may, Mr. Speaker, when
the war is ended these questions will come up to
be settled. I hope I may be pardoned for saying,
with great respect, to my friends on all sides of
the House, that they will be as difficult questions
as statesmen or jurists were ever called upon to
dccide, and that it is wise to reserve, as far as pos-
sible, our judgment. No thoughtful man will con-
tent himself with the declaration that belligerent
rebels have no rights. Passion may say that,
reason never. Passion, sooner or later, subsides,
and reason reascends the judgment seat, and these
questions must be answered there and to that
august tribunal before which the conduct of men
and nations posses in view—the enlightened opin-
ion of the Christian world. Such questions are,
how fart flagrante hello, (while war was raging,)
with rcspect to prisoners of war the civil power
was restrained; how far the treating with rebels
and exchanging them as prisoners of war may
affect their punishment as traitors, either in per-
son or property. 1 express no opinion, except to
say they must be calmly met and answered.
But assuming, for the sake of the argument, that
during the war even, and while recognizing their
belligerent rights, you may visit upon the rebels
the full force and weight of the municipal law, 1
proceed to inquire whether the mode proposed by
these bills is in conformity to the organic and su-
preme law, the Constitution of the United States.
1 am not to be deterred from this discussion by
any suggestions from weak or wicked men—none
other can make them—of leniency to rebels and
compassion for traitors. There is but little eleva-
tion in contempt, but such suggestions do not rise
high enough to meet it. They pass by me as the
idle wind. If a man has no other arrows in his
quiver let him use these; 1 am content.
The favorite argument, Mr. Speaker, of those
who claim for Congress the power to confiscate
the property of traitors without trial by jury is,
that the want of this power would show a fatal
wcakii' s.^i in the Constitution and a lack of wis-
dom and foresight in its framers. They will not
believe the Constitution is so weak and helpless,
so incapable ofself-defense. Nothing, in my judg-
ment, so shows its majesty and strength,'pray
God, immortal strength. The powers of war arc
almost infinite. The resources of this vast coun-
try spring to your open hand. All that men have,
even their lives, are at the service of their coun-
try ;and inthisgreat conflict how nobly and freely
given. You can rms.e an army of seven hundred-
thousand men; you can give them all the best ap-
pliances of war; yon can rover your baysand riv-
ers and seas with your Navy; you can blockade
a coast of three thousand miles; you may cut down
the last rebel on the field of battle. Such is the
power of war. But, Mi. Speaker, when you shall
have used all these powers, when peace shall have
been restored, or when the rebels shall come and
lay themselves at your feet, or be taken captive
by your arms, then, also, will the power of that
Constitution be made manifest; then,also, will this
Government ho shown to be the most powerful and
the nobirst on the earth, not because the captured
lebel is at your mercy, but because he is not. Be-
cause, under the shield of the Constitution, the
rebel at your foot is stronger than armies, stronger
than navies. You cannot touch a hair of his head
or take from him a dollar of his property until
you shall have tried and condemned him by the
judgment of his pccis and by the law ofthciand.
Does this show the weakness of the Constitution,
or does it show its transcendent strength ? Aro
these written constitutions established to give to
Government power, without limit, over the prop-
erty, liberty, and life of the citizen, or are they
made to define and limit the power of the Gov-
ernment, and to shield and protect the rights of
the subject?
I haveal ways been taught that the people is the
sovereign; that these constitutions are carefully-
defined grantsfrom thesovereign power, so framed
as to establish justice, and at the same time secure
the blessings of liberty and the protection of law
even to the humblest and meanest citizen. I know,
Mr. Speaker, that these are getting to be old-fash-
ioned sentiments. Magna Carta is soiled and
worm-eaten. The Bill of Rights, the muniments
of personal freedom, habeas corpus, trial by jury,
what are they all worth in comparison with this
new safeguard of liberty, the proceeding in rem ?
Was you ever at Runnymede, Mr. Speaker?
I remember going down, on a beautiful day in
July, from Windsor Castle to the plain, and cross-
ing the narrow channel of the Thames to that little
island on which, more than six centurics ago, in
the early gray of morning, those sturdy barons
wrested from an unwilling king the first great
charter of English freedom—the germ of life of
the civil liberty we have to-day. I could hardly
have been more moved had I siood in the village
and by the manger in which was cradled " the Son
of Mary and the Son of God." From the gray of
that morning streamed the rays which, uplifting
with the hours, coursing with the years, and keep-
ing pace with the centuries, have encircled th§
whole earth with the glorious light of English
liberty—the liberty for which our fathers planted
these Commonwealthsin the wilderness; for which
th<?y went through the baptism of fire and blood
intheRevolution; which they imbedded and hoped
to make immortal in the Constitution; without
which the Constitution would not be worth the
parchment on which it was written.
But I must not linger by the way, Mr. Speaker.
What do these bills propose? The immediate ob-
ject is to confiscate the property of the rebels.
For what end? For punishment, is it not? If
you strip these men of their property, it is not
because they are innocent, although this bill does,
m fact, confiscate the property of persons who
may be guiltless of any offense. But the theory
of the bill is to punish men for the crime of rebel-
lion, or treason, or give it what name you will.
The bill, indeed, recites, as an ulterior purpose,
the payment of the expenses of the rebellion. But
there is no man on this floor so verdant as to sup-
pose this means much. If the courts enforce the
statute, (I believe they will not,) how much treas-
ure can you wring from those States, poor at'the
best, but whom the close of this war will leave
impoverished, sealed, and swept, as by fire ? You
might as well pasture your cattle on the desert of
Sahara. The land will indeed be left, but who
will be your purchasers, when they know they
must take at the best a doubtful title, but a sure,
bitter, and lasting feud. The strife and hate grow-
ing out of the confiscations of the Revolution are
scarcely yet appeased, and it was with these con-
fiscations fresh in the memories of the framers of
the Constitution that the limitation of the power
of forfeiture way adopted. There never was a
wilder dream than that of paying the expenses of
the rebellion with the fruits of confiscation.
The real object of the bill is punishment, the
punishment of an offense clearly defined in the
Constitution, of the highest offense known to the
laws. The punishment is the forfeiture of the
property of the offender. The forfeiture is to be
established before judicial tribunals, and upon
proof of the guilt of the owner. You have, then,
these three elements: punishment—upon proof of
thecommission of crimes—before a judicial tribu-
nal. One element is wanting. One has been
diligently excluded—trial by jury. Human in-
genuity has been exhausted'to shut the door
against it, and your bill is like Hamlet with the
Prince of Denmark omitted by particular re-
quest. Here is the plain imperative mandate of
the Constitution, which he who runs may read :
"The trial of all crimes except in cases of impeach-
ment, hhallbe by jury.>'—Constitution, ait. 3, see. 2.
The property to which the bill applies is not,
under the law of nations, prize, it is not booty,
it is not contraband of war. it is not enfotced
military contribution. It is not property used or
employed in the war or in resistance to the laws,
and, therefore, clearly to be distinguished from
that covered by the statute of August 6, 1861.
It is private property outside of the conflict of
arms, forfeited not because it is the instrument of
offense, but as a penalty for the crime of the
owner. The disguise of the proceeding in rem is
too thin and transparent. No lawyer, no man of
common sense will be deceived by it. The pro-
ceeding in spirit, in substance, and effect, is the
punishment of treason by the forfeiture of a man's
entire estate, real and personal, without trial by
jury, and in utter disregard of the provision of
the Constitution which limits the forfeiture for
treason to the life of the person attainted. (Arti-
cle 3, section 3.)
Was there ever a bolder contrivance to get
around the plainest and most sacred provisions of
the Constitution than this attempt to get a man's
farm, his cattle and fodder, his plow, spade, and
hoe into a maritime court and try them by the law
of prize? With all respect for my excellent
friends upon the committee, such a proposition
" shocks our common sensc"as well as o.ur sense
of justice and right. You make the plea of neces-
sity, and necessity is the mother of invention, but
do you expect to satisfy sensible men, when rea-
son resumes its sway, that under a Constitution
which defines treason to consist in levying war
against the United States, which will not suffer
the traitor to be condemned except by the judg-
ment of his peers, and when condemned \wll not
forfeit his estate except during his life, you can,
by this proceeding in rem, without indictment,
without trial by jury, without the proof of two
witnesses, (article 3, section 3,) for treason, for
the act of levying war, deprive him of all his es-
tate, real and personal, for life and in fee? Nay,
more; and that, after he has thus been punished,
without trial by jury, and by the loss of his whole
estate, you can, for the same act of levying war,
try him and hang him? To suggest a doubt
whether, after all, this is plain sailing under the
flag of the Constitution, is to have too nice con-
stitutional scruples!
I have touched but upon one or two legal objec-
tions to these bills. Their name is legion; but I
must hasten to a more minute examination of the
bills themselves. I do not wish to say the bills
are hastily drawn. If right in principle, defects
of form or want of detail can be supplied. In at-
tempting, however, legislation/involving a new
principle, or a new application of a principle, it is
a pretty good test to let it be run through the ma-
chinery of a carefully-drawn statute, and see how
it works. I should have liked that test applied
here.
Looking now to the general features of the con-
fiscation bill, I desire the House to observe that
the bill, though not in form, is in substance and
effect retroactive. It takes effect from its passage.
It applies to all acts committed after its passage.
As there are whole districts, States even, where the
law cannot be promulgated, and who will remain
in ignorance or its passage, the law, as to them,
will be ex post facto. They will neither know,
nor have the means of knowing, of the existence
of the penalty when the act is committed. Will
you say it is their own fault? I beg you to con-
sider that, since your protection has been lost and
until it is restored, there has been and can be no
really free choice with the individual citizen whom
lie shall obey. What measure of punishment
would you mete to a citizen of Jacksonville, who,
after the withdrawal of your army, should yield to
the powers that be, though certainly not ordained
of God?
I ask the attention of the House and a just and
humane people, if these words shall ever reach
them, to the wide sweep of this bill. You would
infer from the arguments of its friends that the
bill was to rcach only the leaders and instigators
of rebellion. How, if that were so, the limitation
and the payment of the expenses of rebellion from
confiscation would hang together, has not been
explained. But the/act is far otherwise.
The first section includes several classes, and
first, all officers of the rebel army or navy, non-
commissioned as well as commissioned. Officers
of high rank should be included; but there is no
sound reason whatevei forgoing down to sergeants
and corporals. The second,' third, and fourth
classes embrace persons who shall hold certain
