1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
come when he can get his redi'pss. It is impos-
sible, Mr. President, that any machinery of hu-
man government that was ever devised by the
ingenuity and wisdom of man shall work so per-
fectly as to protect every man precisely in the
enjoyment of all his rights, and protect every man
from any sort of injustice. In the best ordered
and bestadministered Governments on earth more
or less of wrong and injustice will occasionally be
done to individuals, and they must occasionally
suffer wrong for the good of the whoie; and if
General Stone is a patriot, a true, earnest, zealous
patriot, he would gladly suffer what h p is suffer-
ing now; if he believed his continuance in con-
finement was promoting the public good, even he
would utter no complaint against it.
I have sajd, Mr. President, a great deal more
than I intended; but I felt it to be a duty to enter
my protest against these that I cannot otherwise
than regard as unwarrantable assaults upon the
Secretary of War; and when the Senator from
California asks of the chairman of the committee
on the conduct of the war who gave him the om-
niscient power to enter into the secret motives of
others and turn and read the leaves of their hearts
and all that is written there, I retort upon him the
question, who gave him the omniscient power to
read the heai t of the Secretary of War, and with-
out evidence, without the shadow o£ evidence
before us, to denounce him in the manner in which
he has been denounced? I intend nothing unkind
to the Senator from California. I think I may
venture to say that I do not believe the Senator
from California, in a moment of cool, deliberate
reflection, with the high sense of justice by which
I know him usually to be actuated, would repeat
against the Secretary of War what he has here
so fiercely uttered. I believe, sir, he will himself
see the injustice not only to the individual, but
the injustice to the country, the wrong and injury
to the country, that is to be done by destroying
public confidence in the most important officer
conncctcd with the administration of the Govern-
ment next to the Chief Magistrate. So far, sir,
as that official's character is known to the public,
he occupies a position that the highest and noblest
in the land might well covet. I trust that we are
not here for the purpose of making war upon all
who are earnestly and diligently engaged in the
prosecution of this war to put down this rebellion;
we are not here for the purpose of snapping up
"unconsidered trifles," to be urged against them
for the purpose of breaking down their usefulness
and their efficiency.
1 can see no purpose, Mr. President, in the ref-
erence of the resolution to any committee. Let
us adopt the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, not now in his place; let it
go to the President, calling for information, if, in
his judgment, it is compatible with the public ser-
vice to give it. Having the utmost, the most un-
limited confidence, not only in the integrity, in
the justice, but also in the ability of the Chief
Magistrate, I, for one, am willing to submit the
entire question to his consideration and his de-
cision.
Mr. McDOTJGALL. Mr. President, my apol-
ogy for seeking the floor so often is that I alone am
receiving the assaults of so many of adverse opin-
ions; and as I have introduced this measure and
intend to maintain it, I must fight them in detail,
for they are too many for me to meet in one single
encounter. I am not going to make any but a
veiy fewremaiks; I hoped the debate would have
closed ere this.
The most striking thingsaid by the Senator from
Illinois was that individuals must suffer wrone;,
that the public interest may be maintained. That
is a maxim that was learned by us all in our early
education. Human institutions are all imperfect;
laws are imperfect; by the imperfection of human
reason, justice cannot always he properly ren-
dered. Laws beingimperfect, and judgments being
imperfect, injustice must every now and then oc-
cur; but because injustice is suffered under law,
under the wisest administration of justice accord-
ing to law, is that to be an argument why, with-
out law, above law, regardless of law, injustice
and wrong should be done? My objection is that
here, by an irresponsible authority, governed by
no rule, subject to no inquiry, unknown to our
institutions, an mnommable power, injustice is
done. In the best governed country, under the
best laws, under the best judges, evil to a greater
or less extent frequently occurs, but I object to
having that evil accumulated upon us through a
power irresponsible, unknown to the law, and
withoutlimitation of authority.
But, sir, what have I called for? Simply an in-
quiry as to why right under the law has not been
recognized. The right I undertook to demonstrate;
and i dare assert that I did demonstrate that, un-
derthe Constitution and the laws, this man, seized
and imprisoned, had certain rights. As he had
subjected himself to military law, he was entitled
to the protectionof military law. Ashe had sworn
to obey it and subjected himself to its penalties,
so had he a right to all its benefits. Those bene-
fits to which he was entitled by military law have
been denied to him. He was one of the leaders
of our armies, a soldier for many years, who had
seen service in battle-fields, who had taken the
chances of his life on many occasions for our in-
stitutions, and surely he should be entitled to the
benefits of the protection which he contracted for
when he entered the service of the country, and
said he was prepared to peril his life for that coun-
try. What right did he claim? He claimed the
simple right to know of what he was accused,
why he was imprisoned, and to have a fair trial.
That is ail he has claimed. It is all 1 have ever
claimed for him.
it is said in reply that it may not be consistent
with the interests of the Government that he should
be tried; that it may not be consistent with the in-
terests of the Government that he should be in-
formed of what he is accused ! This is to me
inconceivable. Some of the hours of mv life I
have bestowed upon thought,and some to aflforms
of logical reduction. I cannot conceive, it is be-
yond the range of my conception, how this Gov-
ernment is so imperiled that it may be in danger
from informing a person seized of the substance
of the accusation against him. I cannot sec why
this Government may not give to a man who is
brought down fiom the command of a division of
our armies in the field and placed in prison, some
notification of why it is done. I cannot see why
he may not have a commission to inquire and a
court to try him.
It may be said now, and I understand it is said,
that our army have left the city of Washington,
and that a large body of them is before York-
town, and another large command at Fredericks-
burg, and that they are so scattered over the whole
country that a court cannot be had for trial, or
witnesses cannot bo had to testify. What was
the difficulty on the 8th of February ? Why was
he not placed under arrest m the city of Wash-
ington, and a court organized then? Why were
not the papers placed before the Judge Advocate
General of the Army, or the judge advocate of the
army of the Potomac? Why was he not informed
of the charges against him according to the rules
and articles of war? Why was not a court then
organized, when our army was lying slumbering
on the banks of the Potomac? February passed;
March passed; April is nearly passed. All this
makes up a long period of time, and so far from
his having a court of inquiry, or a court-martial,
it has not been intimated to him wherefore he was
arrested, and no friends of his have been able to
find out wherefore he was arrested. He may
have heard what was said by the committee. I
will not now dispute what gentlemen say as to
that. I am glad to learn that they brought Gen-
eral Stone before them. I am glad to learn that
they informed him something as to what they had
said and what they had done.
But the committee, by their chairman, say that
they did not act in the arrest, and that they do not
know upon what the Secretary of War acted. It
was the action of the Secretary of War. During
all this time General Stone has not been informed
of the charges against him; and why not informed?
Not for want of its being perfectly convenient to
the Government during all that time to have given
him a tiial, or to have at least informed him of the
charges. He said and represented to them, "it
is important to me, to my honor, to the honor of
my family, to those who are to come after me, that
I shall be fairly judged; and the men who were
about me are in the field of war; they may fall vic-
f;ms to the assault of the enemy on any day. When
this war shall be over, there may not be any of j
those who would vindicate me as to that of which i
I may be accused, alive to icspond to any court j
of Inquiry or any court-martial." \
Again, it may be said by the enemies of Gen-
eral Stone, when the war is over andacourt-mar-
tial is organized, " the men who accuse you were
killed in battle; but they said so and so, and as
they have died in defense of their country, the
brand is upon you." Against all these accidents
he has desired to provide by a prompt trial. In this
way a man of high honor, a pure man, as I be-
lieve, a man whom I call among the beautiful men
of the world, beautiful in character, beautiful in
all that belongs to a man intellectually and mor-
ally, a beautiful man with all his grace, is to be
disgraced upon the public records of a great nation.
The thing is intolerable 1
These things cannot be done in the name of lib-
erty; these things cannot be done in the name of
the Constitution and laws; they are violent out-
rages upon the Constitution and the laws. I have
appealed for him and for the heart of the nation
that he shall be Uied; he has appealed himself in
vain; his friends have appealed in vain; his coun-
sel have appealed in vain; 1 am afraid that I, here
in my place, appeal in vain for any aid or assist-
ance that this great wrong shall be inquired into.
His right is to a trial. The public interest can-
not be impaired by his being furnished with the
charges, by his accusers presenting themselves,
by the organization of a court-martial, by a trial
before a court-martial, by the perpetuating in de-
positions perishable testimony. These things are
not in the category of things that can injure the
public service. We should not allow a wrong
like this to be done in violation of the Constitution
and the laws.
Sir, I am not here to assail Senators; I am not
here to assail committees; lam not here to assail
parties; I am here to maintain the truth, to main-
tain our institutions, to see that the law and the
right is administered, and if I cannot accomplish
this, then with uplifted hand, in my place in the
Senate, to protest against this and all like wrongs
and outrages.
So far as the proposed reference of the resolu-
tion to a committee is concerned, I do not think
it valuable. It is not customary to refer resolu-
tions of inquiry. It is customary to inquire on
all these subjects of the Secretary of War. If,
however, the resolution is to be referred, I hope
it will be to the Committee on Military Affairs,
where the Senate may be able to express its voice
at some time on the subject. If it be referred to
the committee on the conduct of the war, that
being a joint committee, we have no power over
it, as I understand the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. If it is to be referred, let it be referred to
a committee over which we have authority. I
should prefer, however, the adoption of the res-
solution as I offered it, for I want to know defi-
nitely and distinctly whether Senators really in-
tend to maintain the doctrine that a man can be
arrested without notice of the cause for months,
he being subject all the time to the civil law of the
Government, subject all the time to its military
law, and when entering the service promised all
the protection of that law, that such a man can
be imprisoned by the authority of an arbitrary,
unknown, unconstitutional power! I want to see
who there is in the Senate that affirms such a
doctrine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator ft om California to
refer the resolution to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I made the motion to re-
fer the resolution to the committee on the conduct
of the war: but after hearing both the gentlemen
of that committee who have spoken on the sub-
ject state that it is not the desire of the committeo
that that should be done, and thq honorable chair-
man of the committee having stated to me in con-
versation that I had better yield to the suggestion
of the Senator from Iowa, and instead of refer-
ring the matter to any committee at all, pass the
resolution in the form proposed by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] I
will, under these circumstances, withdraw the
motion which I made to refer, and allow it to take
that course, which, perhaps, will be the shortest
way to dispose of it, by the passage of the resolu-
tion as the Senator from Massachusetts proposed
to amend ii.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom California insist upon his motion ?
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I shall not do so. I have
