1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
it emanated, that it was not so much intended to
strike at Missouri and Maryland as it was at Ken-
tucky. But, sir, feeling encouraged by the small
battle that we had down there at Somerset, the ad-
vance of our troops to the Tennessee border, and
the capturc of Port Henry, I am perfectly satisfied
to allow this bill to pass as it is, feeling sure that
before the session closes, those gentlemen who
have opposed the privilege of raising in Kentucky
even ten thousand troops, under the conditions we
have asked, will see the necessity of such a force.
Look at your map and see the country you have
to defend, and I will rely upon the good sense of
this House, or rather of the Senate, for the House
have passed the bill, to grant that privilege to the
State of Kentucky, which the States of Maryland
and Missouri now enjoy in this respect.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to correct
the gentleman from Kentucky in one particular.
In my opinion, the Senate amendment to the bill
was not directed at Kentucky at all, but was, on
the contrary, directed at the States of Maryland
and Missouri, in which this class of troops had
been raised,as is alleged, withoutauthority. The
sentiment, so far as I could gather it from the
committee of conference, was m favor of grant-
ing the description of troops asked for Kentucky;
but they thought it should be done upon an act of
Congress, or by the authority of Congress. And
we regarded the admission by the committee of
conference, in conceding to us all the troops raised
in Missouri and Maryland, as an indication that
similar troops would be allowed to be raised upon
similar conditions in other States where they were
required. Otherwise, the committee on the part of
the House would not have assented to the amend-
ment as reported.
I move the previous question on the adoption
of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to lay the report of the
committee of conference on the.table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The report was adopted.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIEIRS OF STEPHEN JOHNSTON—AGAIN.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
under consideration, reported by Mr. Walton,
of Maine, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to be engrossed and read a third time;
upon which a demand for the previous question
was pending.
Mr. HCXLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Maine whether this subject has once
been before the Court of Claims?
Mr. WALTON, of Maine. It has.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was there a judgment in con-
formity with the terms of this bill?
Mr. WALTON, ofMaine. No; the judgment
was adverse to the claims then presented. But this
bill furnishes authority to place the claim upon new
grounds, on which the court may afford relief.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me if this claim
has been once before the Court of Claims, and
there has been a decision against it, it ought to be
moie fully understood before we undertake to pass
this bill. I therefore move to refer it to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. WALTON,ofMaine. Thegentleman does j
not understand me. This bill has never been be- j
fore the Court of Claims. ;
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the subject itself ever ,
been before that court? !
Mr. WALTON,of Maine. I stated that it had, |
and that we did not differ from the court in the ;
decision rendered upon it; but we reporta bill giv- ,
ing a new and distinct remedy, one which we :
think will leach the equity of the case. The com- |
mitteewere of the opinion that it was a very cloar !
case of justice and equity, and that it ought not I
to he longer delayed. i
Mp. HOLMAN. It seems to me we ought to i
give the matter more consideration before we pass i
this bill. j
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman to yield to me
for a moment.
Mr. WALTON, ofMaine. I cannot yield fur-
ther, except foi inquiry or explanation. I insist
on my demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill has not been printed;
and I move to lay it on the table,
Mr. OLIN. Is a motion to adjourn in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion is always in
order.
Mr. OLIN. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes before four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until Monday next, at twelve
o'clock, m.
• IN SENATE.
Monday, February 30, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a privileged question in
relation to the Journal. I noticed what I thought
was a slight error in the reading of the Journal;
and it is important, inasmuch as it relates to pri-
vate rights. 1 refer to that portion of the Journal
which says that so much of the President's mes-
sage as relates to a vote of thanks to Commodore
Dupont was referred to the Naval Committee. It
was not so; but there was a special message and
a special recommendation; and the law requires
that there should be such a one in order to give
Commodore Dupont the advantage of that vote
of the Senate. I wish the Journal to be corrected
accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so cor-
rected.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 30th of January, in relation to the ship-of-war
Franklin; which, on motion of Mr. Hale, was
referred to the Committee on Nnval Affans.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. KING. J desire to present a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of New York, which
1 will read:
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur.) That our Senators
and Representatives in Congress be requested to procure,
if possible, such a modification of the acta aheady parsed,
and such provisions in acts hereafter to be passed, for the
purpose or raising revenue, as that the enrue amount to be
laised in any State, by any mode of taxation, except by
duties upon ltnpoits, may be a^cci tamed by some reasonable
method of estimating the same, and that each Ftate be al-
lowed to assume the payment o!">uch nmount, and to assess
and collect the same m accordance with it:> own laws and
through its own otlicei.-.
in rilnvri., January %3, 1802.
The foregoing resolution was duly passed.
Bv ordei the Senate.
JAMES TE3UVIIJjIGEU, Clerk.
In Assi'Mrly, Januaiy 23, 1862.
The foregoing 1 evolution \\a- duly pa^ed.
liy older the A--embly.
J I). OUSUMAN, Cletk.
I move its lefeiencc to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The molion wns agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY-presented resolutions ofthc
Legislative of Delaware, in favor of an appropri-
ation to erect a suitable foitification for the pro-
tection of the Dclawaie bay and river, and an
appropriation for the completion of the railroad
from Miiford to the Delaware breakwater; which
wei e referred to the Committee on MilitaryAlTairs
and the Militia, and oidered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of the citizens of Hyde
county, North Carolina, held at Hatteras on the
30th of January, insisting upon their right of rep-
resentation in Congress; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York,
piaying for the immediate adoption of a revenue
system, whereby the credit of the country shall be
reestablished upon a firm basis; which was re-
furred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the merchants
and insurers of the port of New York, praying
for an amendment of the law concerning pilots
and pilotage; which was referred to the Commit-
ted on Commerce.
Tie aho presf,nt«'d a petition of citizens of New
York, praying for the organization of territorial
governments in the seceded States; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a petition of citizens of north-
ern New York, praying for the speedy abrogation
of the reciprocity treaty between the United States
and Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. _
Mr. HOWARD presented" a memorial of "Wet-
more & Co., and others, citizens of Marquette,
Michigan, praying for the establishment of mil-
itary defenses on the south shore of Lake Supe-
rior; which was referred to the Committee 8n Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DAYIS presented a petition of A.F. Moore
and one hundred and twenty-nine others, citizens
of Dexter, Maine, praying Congress to drop the
negro question and attend to the business of the
country, sustain the President and General Mc-
Clellan, punish frauds on the Treasury, enforce
economy, and maintain the Constitution; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Litchfield, Maine, praying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country, and that pro-
vision may be made by law for calling on all the
inhabitants of the United States, bond and free, to
aid in the support of the Government; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Charl-
ton, Massachusetts, piaying for the total abolition
of slavery throughout the country; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Warren county, Illinois, praying that the
Army may not be used to protect slavery or the
property of rebels, and that if necessary emanci-
pation should be proclaimed,with compensation to
loyal masters for their slaves; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. DIXON presented the memorial of Lieu-
tenant M. B. Woolsey, praying to be restored to
the active list m the United States Navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS I-'ROM COMMITTEES.
Mi. FESSENDEN, fiom the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 156) making appiopriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifi-
cations and other works of defense, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1863, and additional ap-
propriations for the year ending 30th June, 1862,
reported it with amendments.
He also from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 240) to author-
ize the issue of the United States notes, and to
authorize the redemption or funding thereof, and
funding the floating debt of the United States, re-
ported it with amendments.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That Mis. Frances Ann SIcCauley have leave
to witbdiaw her petition and papers.
NORTHWESTERN MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs and
the Militia be requested to inquire into the expediency of
recommending an apptopriation for the puipose of com-
pleting the military road Irom PomtDouglas, m Minnesota,
to Superior City, Wisconsin.
NOTICES OE BILLS.
Mr. RICE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill authorizing the banks of
the District of Columbia to issue notes of a less
denomination than five dollars.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
establish a national foundery, foi the purpose of
fabricating cannon for the use of the Army and
Navy.
* BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 46) declaratory of the intent
and meaning of a certain act therein named; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 47) relating to the construction of the act
