1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SYtii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. oe* Reps.
offices in tli© confederate States, or any of them,
including judges of the State courts and members
of State Legislatures and conventions. In all these
cases the mere holding* of the office is made the
ground of confiscation, without regard to the man-
ner m which the duties shall be discharged, or to
whether those duties involve any active service
against the national Government; men,itmay be,
whom the rebellion found in office, and who con-
tinue in the regular exercise of their functions.
Here, for example, is the judge of probate or sur-
rogate of a county. Rebellion breaks out; men
will die and estates must be settled and care had
of widows and orphans. To visit this man with
the confiscation of his estate for continuing quietly
to discharge his duties, is equally harsh and ab-
surd.
The same remark applies, possibly with in-
creased force, to persons embraced in the fifth class,
those holding any office or agency under any of
the States of the confederacy or any of the laws
thereof, whether such office or agency be State or
municipal in its name or character. Every jus-
tice of the peace, notary public, town clerk, treas-
urer, selectman, assessor, constable, overseer of
the poor, undertaker, even, must resign his func-
tions or become a pauper. The result, if success-
ful, is a suspension of civil order, or, on the other
hand, the severest punishment for a venial offense,
if it be an offense.
The second section includes all persons who,
being engaged in rebellion, or aiding and abetting
it, shall not, within sixty days after proclamation
from the President, desist and return to their al-
legiance. Sixty days seems to be a reasonable
notice; but if the parties are in such condition
thai the notice cannot reach them, then it is not
notice. What may be fairly and justly required
is that men shall return to their allegiance the mo-
ment they have reasonable assurance of perma-
nent protection from the national Government.
It is idle to «look for it before such protection is
possible. To ask a man in the interior of a cotton
State to abjure the rebel government and return
to his allegiance in the present condition of things,
is to ask a moral impossibility. To confiscate his
property for not doing so, cannot be justified.
A word upon another harsh feature of the bill.
With respect to every person within its scopc,
and without the least discrimination as to degrees
ofguilf, a clean sweep of property is made. There
is no exemption of necessary household furniture,
or of provisions, or of tools of trade. Nothing is
spared—the bed on which the wife sleeps, the cra-
dle of the child, the pork, or flour barrel. Taken
in connection with the fact that the bill declares
that the President shall cause the seizure to be
made, and not meiely that he may, that provision
is made for the sale of perishable property, and
that none is made for the remission, in whole or
part, of the forfeiture, and we cannot fail to un-
derstand the spirit in which the bill is conceived,
or the impression it will not fail to make on the
friends of this country abroad, who cannot fully
appreciate the bitterness which civil conflict en-
genders, or, if they do, ^ill not pardon states-
men for yielding to its influence. It is plain that
the angel of meicy nevei found his way to the
committee room; or, if he went in with my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] or my friend
from New Jersey, [Mr. Cobb,] he was politely
bowed out, with the assurance that neither rebels
nor those dependent upon them had any rights.
I ought, however, to add, Mr. Speaker, that
looking upon seizure and confiscation as a penalty
for crime—treason or rebellion—the President,
under his general power of pardon, might remit the
punishment. But then the other conclusion will
follow, that without trial by jury, no valid forfeit-
ure can be effected.
The second bill, for the emancipation of the
slaves of rebels, is much broader in its scope, in-
cluding every person who shall engage in rebel-
lion or aid or abet it. The insertion of the word
" willfully, "lawyers will sec, does not affect the
legal construction. There are considerations of
humanity in favor of this bill which do not apply
to the first; but it is not restricted to slaves used
iu the rebellion, and no form of judicial proceed-
ing is provided. The constitutional objections
apply to it with at least equal force.
That the bills before the House are in violation
of the law of nations and of the Constitution I
cannot—I say it with all deference to others—I
cannot entertain a doubt. My path of duty is
plain. The duty of obedience to that Constitution
was never'more imperative than now. I am not
disposed to deny that I have for it a superstitious
reverence. 1 have " worshiped it from my fore-
fathers." In the school of rigid discipline by which
we were prepared for it, m the struggles out of
which it was born, the seven years of bitter con-
flict, and the seven darker years in which that
conflict seemed to be fruitless of good, in the wis-
dom with which it was constructed and first ad-
ministered and set in motion, in the beneficent
Governmentit has secured for more than two gen-
erations, in the blessed influences it has exerted
upon the cause of freedom and humanity the world
over, I cannot fail to recognize the hand of a guid-
ing andloving Providence. Butnot forthe blessed
memories of the past only do I cling to it. He
must be blinded with excess of light, or with the
want of it, who does not see that to this nation,
trembling; on the verge of dissolution, it is the only
possible bond of unity. With this conviction
wrought into the very texture of my being, I be-
lieve 1 can appreciate this conflict, can understand
the necessity of using all the powers given by the
Constitution for the suppression of this rebellion.
They are, as I believe, and as the progress of our
arms attests, ample for the purpose. I do not,
therefore, see the wisdom of violating or impair-
ing the Constitution in the effort to save it, or of
passing from the pestilent heresy of State seces-
sion to the equally fatal one of State suicide. The
fruits of the first arc anarchy and perpetual border
war; of the second the growth of military power,
the loss of the centrifugal force of the States, the
merging of the States in the central Government;
a republic in name and form, in substance and
cficct a despotism.
Mr. Speaker, at a time like this the individual
is nothing, the country everything. He cannot
truly serve or love his country who is anxious
about himself. He cannot have a single eye to
the welfare of the Republic if both eyes aie turned
homeward. He cannot keep step to the music of
the Union who is grinding fantasias for the village
of Buncombe. One may desire, however, not to
be wholly misunderstood. It has been saul that
I am opposed to any emancipation of the slaves
of rebels. Nothing can be further from the truth.
The first provision for emancipation, that in the
statute of August 6, 1861, liberating all slaves
employed in the rebellion, I drew with my own
hand, believing now, as then, that it is valid and
just. For the abolition of s avery in this District,
for the interdiction of slavery in the Territories,
for the new article of war foi bidding the officers
of the Army to surrender fugitives from service,
my votes are on record. I voted for the resolu-
tion recommended by the President for aid to the
States in the work of gradual emancipation,
though I could not fail to see that it was on the
verge of authority, and must perhaps finally rest,
like the purchase of Louisiana, upon general con-
sent. My views of the power of the Commander-
in-Chief on the subject of emancipation are fully
stated in remaiks submitted to the House on the
10th of April. I will not repeat them. Theyaic
ample for any emergency. In the bill I intro-
duced " for the more effectual suppression of the
rebellion," but which, in the present temper of
the House, I -thought it useless to press, I have
indicated a practical method by which the slaves
of rebels may be emancipated, as the penalty for
crime, upon conviction or default of the offender.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have kept my eye steadily
upon the end for which this war is waged, the
only end for which it can be justified—the integ-
rity of the Union. I have firmly resisted, and
shall continue firmly to resist,every effort, open or
disguised, to convert this war for the Union into
a war for emancipation, at the risk—no, not at the
risk, for the words do not express what I mean
or feel; with the moral certainty—of defeating the
purpose for which the war was begun. With
these convictions, it is scarcely necessary to say
I cordially approve the course of President Lin-
coln in modifying the proclamation of General
Fremont, and declaring null and void the order
of General Hunter. For the wisdom and patriot-
ism which have illustrated the course of thisgreafr
magistrate he has my sincere respect and grat-
itude.
A word upon the policy and wisdom of these
measures.
A great work has been done by this nation. It
is easy to find fault. In operations upon so large
a scale, requiring so many agencies, mistakes and
blunders will be made. But a just criticism, look-
ing upon the work as a whole, cannot fail to com-
mend the patriotism of the people and the energy
of the Government. I know it has been prettily
said that wc have prosecuted this war upon "a
rose-water nolicy." I do not know that I fully
comprehend what is meant, but probably the
rebels, in view nf that long blockade, with the
fresh memories of Port Royal, Newborn, Pulaski,
Donelson, Pea Ridge, Shiloh, the lower Missis-
sippi,andYorktown,and the ever tightening folds
of the constriction, might say, with Juliet, the
 "rose
By any other name would smell as &weet."
Our armies and navies are victorious. The war
seems to be drawing to a close. There is reason-
able ground to hope that before the next session
of Congress the power of the rebellion will be
broken, and the sword have substantially done its
work. But I cannot conceal from myself that our
great difficulties lie beyond the conflict of arms.
It is the part of wise courage to look them calmly
in the face, to gauge them, and gird up our loins
to meet them. Action will be needed, not words,
judgment, not passion. Unless there be calm and
fearless statesmanship, your victories will have
boon won in vain—a statesmanship that honors
and respects the people, but is willing to abide its
sober second thought.
Civil wars, like family feuds, have been fierce,
bitter, and unrelenting. The bitterness and fe-
rocity manifested towards us by the rebels can-
not but arou.se the spirit of retaliation and thirst
for vengeance. If wc yield to the fierce tempta-
tion, the war will bccome one of extermination.
Thus far, while prosecuting the war with vigor,
we have shown the moderation and humanity"be-
coming a great people. I pray wc may continue
in this course. There is wisdom in the fable of
the sun and the north wind. There is power in
forbearcneo, m magnanimity, in obedience to the
law we seek to enforce, in the spirit of forgive-
ness, in the " meicy which seasons justice."
Christ knew what is in man; the Gospel is not a
lie. There never was a justor war than that which
we are waging. It isstnetly a war of self-defense
—the defense of a free and beneficent Government
against traitors in arms against her. But we may
not forget that to those in the southern States who
believe in the right of secession this war cannot
but wear the aspect of a war of invasion and sub-
jugation. This terrible mistake may account for
their bitterness, but it is no palliation for their
barbarities.
Mr. Speaker, upon no subject has there been
more or looser declamation than on the causes of
this rebellion. Atone moment we are nssured
that slavery is the one great criminal, at the next
that it was brought about by the fraud, falsehood,
and violence of a few unprincipled luulers.
Passing this subject now with the remark that
masses of men aie not easily moved, that civil
convulsions are fed by deeper fires, I ask your at-
tention to two facts which seem to be clearly es-
tablished. The first is, 1 hat when the acts of seces-
sion were passed the majority of the people of the
revolting States, with the exception of South Car-
olina, were loyal to the Union; and the second is,
that to-day their feelings are changed, their loy-
alty turned to treason and love to hate. Passion
is eloquent; but do not content youiselves with
bitter denunciation. Pause, I beseech and adjure
you, and inquire what is the cause.
The war brought to their homes and firesides
will account for much; but do you not believe that
a conviction has been settling down into the minds
of men, who at the beginning of our troubles were
loyal, that these extreme measures point to some
other end than the restoration of the Union with
the rights of the States preserved; that they mean
subjugation and reconstruction <£ by permission of
the military power, and not before?" Once com-
mitted to this policy, once afloat on that sea of
revolution, neither you nor I may live to reach the
haven of Union and peace.
