1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
insisted that the resolution should be addressed to
the Secretary of War. I am aware that the Pres-
ident of the United States is responsible for all
these things; but I understand, at the same time,
that under the pressure caused by our presentdif-
ficulties, the President cannot inquire into them
all. I understood, from an order of the Secretary
of War which was published, that he had taken
charge of all arrests. I understand that this arrest
was made by him. The facts are in his posses-
sion. At the same time, as I desire to be informed,
1 will consent to the amendment making it a re-
quest, if the words in regard to its being compati-
ble with the public interest be left out. It is our
right to inquire, and the Secretary is hound to an-
swer. It would be more legitimate for us to ad-
diessthe Secretary by a demand, which we cannot
address to the President, and therefore I preferred
that; but if the amendment be modified by striking
out the phrase in regard to the public interest, I
am willing to accept it, and merely request the
President to furnish the information. 1 do not
want, in this case, that formal answer which so
often comes in, " this is not answered because the
interests of the service do not permit." It is a
mere formal answer, but it seems to be a conclu-
sive one. I say it is our right to inquire, and their
duty to respond. Even if it be sent to the Presi-
dent, our right is the same; whoever has under-
taken to exert the authority is bound to respond
to, first, the person arrested, then to every one
who espouses his cause and has the right of ap-
proach; and therefore I will accept the amendment
making it a request of the President, if it be mod-
ified by saying nothing about the public interest,
and then let him answer it as he pleases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Senator
from California that the uniform usage is, I think,
in addressing a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment, as the President is, to request the President
to communicate to the Senate certain information,
if it be not incompatible with the public interest;
but when we call on the Secretaries, we do not use
the word " request" at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL, Then I insist on the di-
rection to the Secretary.
Mr. TRUMBULL That matter was discussed
here at one time, and a vote taken by yeas and
nays since I have been in the Senate, whether the
word "request" should be used in a resolution
calling for information from one of the Depart-
ments; and the Senate decided on a solemn vote
by yeas and nays, within the last two or three
years, that the proper language was, that the Post-
master General, for m&tance, or the Secretary of
War, be directed to inform the Senate thus and
so. That has always been the language when the
question has been made, and it was decided upon
discussion; and it was never until the present
session that I have known a Secretary undertake
to withhold information from the Senate. I agree
with the Senator from California that the Senate
has a right to demand of the heads of these De-
partments information; but when wn address the
coordinate department of the Government, the
practice has been to request that the information
be communicated, if not incompatible with the
public interest; and as this resolution is addressed
to the President, it seems to be considered that
that is the best form. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not ask to have those words stricken
out. I should bo obliged to vote myself to retain
them, because that has been the practice of the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. Without attempting to define
what the real right of the Senate is when calling
on the Executive, I think in times like these it is
best to leave it to his discretion how he will an-
swer questions like these. I do not think we
should make a call peremptory, even if we have
the right, and in the last resort 1 am very much
disposed to think that we have a right to call for
anything; but in the unsettled state of the coun-
try, when consequences may arise from these dis-
closures that we cannot perceive quite as well as
he can, 1 think we ought to put the resolution in
this modified form, and I hope it will pass in that
shape.
Mr. COLLAM ER. What is the question now
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from California to have
withdrawn the motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have withdrawn it, but
then I shall insist on my original resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand now that the
question is on the adoption of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike out
all of the resolution after the word 44 resolved,"as
follows:
That the Secretary of War he requested to inform the
Senate at onee on the following: points, namely: 1. Whether
or not Brigadier General Charles P. Stone has been arretted
by any pef-on in authority in the War Department or m
the Army of the United States; and if he ha? been so ar-
rested, from whom the order for General Stone's arrest ori-
ginally ptoceeded—whether the Secietnry himself or the
general then commanding the army ot the Potomac. 2.
Also, whether at the timeof such ancstGeneral Stone was
not subject to theauiciesof war, and entitled to the benefit
of them ; and if he was so subject and entitled, whether or
not he was ai rested for a violation of any, and whieh, of
those ai tides; and on whose complaint General Stone was
aircstcd, and by whom, if by any pet*ons, charges have
been preferred against him; and that the Secretary of War
be icquested to communicate to the Senate the specifica-
tions under such charges as fully as his present information
will enable linn to s?tate them. 3. Also, whether any, and
if any, what, steps have been taken towards the prepara-
tion of s>uch charges and specifications; and if any such
steps have been so taken, whether or not the piosecution
of the matter has been intrusted to tho judge advocate gen-
eial of the Army, or of the anny of the Potomac, or to some
other, and what othei, special judge advocate; and if not
to cither of said judges advocate geneial, why the case of
General Stone did not take the customary course when a
general oiheer is arrested; and whether oi not either of the
judges advocate above specially named has been, and when
lirs t, consulted in thii matter. 4. Also, whether or not Gen-
eial Stone has at any time, and when, and how often, either
m person or by counsel, applied tor an immediate trial; and
whethei he has not rcpiesenred to the Seeietaty of Wai the
injustice whieh lie supposed would result to him from de-
feuinc his trial, by reason of the death of an important wit-
ness, m any inattei connected with the adtmntstiation of
ht> late command upon the Potomac ; and what answer, if
any, has be<*n made to .such lepresentation by or on behalf
ot Geneial Stone. 5. AUo, whethei or not the substance of
such charges, more or le<c, has been in any, and what, way,
and upon whose application, communicated to General
Stone; and it not, why not; audit" not, whether or not Gen-
eral Stone has applied, directly or indnectly, for such
charges. 6. Aho, whether .my, and what, privileges have
inured to General Stone under the articles of war Nos.74,
79, 80, and 82, and Nos. 2-21 ami '203 of the Revised Regu-
lations of the Anny; and what degiee of confinement was
ougnially ordered in rufeienee to General Stone; and
whether any, and what, ehansir has been made, and when,
fiom its ouguial severity. 7. AIm), if General Stone was not
ariested tor some alleged violation of the articles of war,
upon what pretense is he kept in close custody.
And in lieu of the words thus stricken out, to
insert:
That the Pi evident of the United States be requested to
communicate to the Senate anv information touching the
airestand imprisonment of Rrigadier General Stone, not
deemed incompatible with the public intere&t,
Mr. COLLAMER. I have heard remarks
about the manner of using the word " request;"
but I do not see but that the proposition is in the
courteous and common form usually adopted; and
I do not understand that anybody has moved to
refer it. I do not, therefore, see any occasion for
any remarks about the form of inquiry. I am
satisfied witli the resolution in the shape m which
the amendment, proposes to put it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The suggestion made by
me was that the phrase in regard to the public in-
terest should be stricken out. I sought to seek
information where we had a right to demand it,
and I am very glad to be informed, in accordance
with my own previous understanding, that we
have a right to ask a Secretary for information in
his Department. I have sought to get that inform-
ation. Now, allow me to say that it is not in
the President's possession, nor in his office. The
President can only reach it through his Secretary.
I would as soon have the resolution in this form
as m the other form, if he was the proper person
to call upon. He is not the proper person to be
called Upon, and we are throwing upon him a bur-
den out of the ordinary course of his business.
Air. COLLAMER. It is the usual mode, if
you want any thing from any Department, to ad-
dress tho President, and he sends to the Depart-
ment and gets tho answer and sends it here. That
is the usual method.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood from the
Senator from Illinois that it was customary toad-
dress the Secretaries.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have stated what is the
usual practice. I know that some Senators have
occasionally presented a direction as addressed to
the heads of Departments, and 1 believe the Sen-
ator from Illinois is right in saying that there was
once a vote to that elfect; but I must be under-
stood now, and on all other occasions, whenever
the question arises, as protesting against the ex-
ercise of such a power, because, if that be true,
we have nothing to do but to bridge the nose of
the President and demand information from the
Secretaries, and we can get it in spite of him. I
do not ag*ee that that is either courteous or proper.
I know it has sometimes been done, but I hope it
may not be called in precedent. I rose before
merely to speak of the form of the resolution which
was offered by way of amendment, that being the
question before us. Being satisfied with that, I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am perfectly satisfied
with submitting the matter to the President, be-
lieving that we shall be able to learn in a very
short time what the true state of the case is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment must be voted on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly the Senator can
accept tin?amendment. The resolution has not
been amended at all. He offers a resolution. An-
other Senator offers to amend it. I have always
understood it to be in the power of the person of-
fering the original resolution to accept an amend-
ment to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
placed on the Journal, and a vote of the Senate has
been taken on postponing it. It is necessary that
the amendmentshould be formally adopted. Shall
the resolution be so amended5
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment, until we get
the confiscation bill properly before the Senate.
It has been passed over to-day, and lost its place.
Mr. HALE. ! give way for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate
the property and free the slaves of rebels.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I move now that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DAVIS. Wait a moment. I move that
the confiscation bill be made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it be left as the unfin-
ished business, it will come up, as a matter of
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It comes up
to-morrow at one o'clock as the unfinished busi-
ness, and the Senator from Kentucky will be en-
titled to the floor.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HALE. Now let the question be put on
my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 21, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
BOUNTY.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call of States for the introduction
of bills on leave for reference, and next the call of
States for resolutions.
Mr. EDWARDS introduced a bill making an
appropriation for the payment of bounty to the
widows and legal heirs of volunteers who have
died or may die, or have been or may be killed,
in the service, as provided by the act of July 22,
