2702
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
June 13,
the academy. We were successful in our appli-
cation. I went myself to the Secretary of War,
early in the morning-, and got his permission that
Port Adams should be occupied for this purpose,
and then went with the lieutenant to the Secretary
of the Navy, and secured his permission; but at
that time there was not a man in arms against thf"
academy. There had been excitement at Annap-
olis, and it was reported there that some rowdies
were coming down from Baltimore with a view to
kick up a row in the city and at the Naval Acad-
emy, but there was no evidence of it so far as 1
was able to learn. The reason for removing it at
that time was that General Butler had just landed,
and was there at the time, and he was anxious to
occupy the place as a military position. The su-
perintendent of the academy, Captain Blake, said
it was impossible to carry on the instructions in
the academy if there was to be a military force
inside the Naval Academy walls. Geneial But-
ler said he must retain the force inside the walls*,
and hence it was considered best that the acad-
emy should be temporarily removed to Fort Ad-
ams, where it has remained ever since.
1 dislike to say anything about the condition of
affairs in Newport, but I am assured that the ex-
penses of living there are exorbitant. I have had
letters written by gentlemen who have been con-
nected with the academy at both places, and they
state that it costs them a great deal more, and I
think one of them says three times as much, to live
there as at the academy at Annapolis, and that
their salaries will not pay them. I am told by gen-
tlemen who have sons there, that they keep their
boys on pretty smalt rations, and it may be from
a scarcity of food; I do not know what it is. I do
not know that there is any truth in that; I only
know that 1 have not thus far seen a single officer
who has been connected with the academy at
either place, who does not desire it to be restored
to its old position, and I think we ought to do it.
Mr. CLARK. I am not about to discuss the
relative merits of Annapolis and Newport, nor do
I think it worth while to enter into the consideia-
tion of what they keep boys upon at either of the
places, or whether they board ata hotel, or whether
the hbiary is in a casemate. Those aie minor con-
siderations, in my view; but there is a view which
I desire to suggest to the Senate, why I shall vote
with the committee for restoring the school to its
old place.
The Senator from Rhode Island has well alluded
to the condition of things in Maryland. Wc
are all aware of the riots that took place there;
wc are all aware of the bridge burning that took
place; we are all aware of the excitement; we are
all aware that it was doubtful, at a certain time,
whether that State would be able to maintain itself
in the Union; but with the aid of the General Gov-
ernment, and with the troops sent there to protect
and aid her, the Union forces of that State, and
its loyal people, did struggle, and have restored
the State to the Union, i think there is no Sen-
ator here now who doubts but that Maryland is
true. Shall we then, after she has gone through
that struggle, punish her by refusing to return this
school to her? llisareasonwithme why wcshould
return the school, and I must say that I shall
take pride in restoring the things in the border
States as they were; and 1 desire to say here now,
sir, in regard to some other things that have been
proposed in reference to turning the States that
have been in rebellion against the Government
into Territories, and governing them as Territo-
ries, that I am entirely opposed to the whole
scheme. I want to see this Union restored; I
want to see every State restored; and I want us to
show to the nations of Europe that we can restore
every State, that we can put down the greatest re-
bellion the world ever saw, by a free Government,
and there shall not be a line of our geography
changed when we get through, but everything
shall be restored as it was. Now, sir, I go for re-
storing this school where it was. 1 go for restor-
ing other things as they were when the proper
time shall come, and I go for punishing the trai-
tors, the individual traitors, so that rebellion shall
never rear its head here again.
Mr, ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. AN rtlONY. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to one thing. If this amendment is
rejected, the Naval Academy lemains as it is and
Has always been, subject to the control of the De-
partment under the direction of the President. If
this amendment is rejected, the President can carry
the school back to Annapolis to-morrow, if he
chooses to do so; but if the amendment is adopted,
it substantially directs that the academy shall be
restored to Annapolis, where, I presume the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs will admit,
there are not now adequate accommodations and
preparations for it. If there were, why should
they lequire an appropriation of $30,000?
Mr. HALE. Tsventy-five thousand dollars,
which the Secretary recommends. I will mention
the fact that the Naval Academy are now out at
sea pretty much on their summer cruise^ and it is
a very good time for repairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. Only one class, as I under-
stand, is on a cruise.
There is one other thing that I wish to mention.
All the arguments that have been used against the
fitness of Newport as the location of the Naval
Academy, are arguments against putting the acad-
emy in temporary rather than permanent accom-
modations. Of course, everybody knows if the
young men are kept in hotels without proper se-
clusion, they cannot be so well instructed and so
well disciplined as they can be in the place the
authorities of Rhode Island propose to tender to
the General Governmentfor their accommodation.
The Senator from Iowa says they cannot read
their books there; their books are boxed up in the
casemate. Is there no place in Newport where
those books can be opened and put upon shelves,
and spread out for the benefit of pupils and pro-
fessors? I do not think anybody is going to be
influenced by that argument. I think they can
find in the whole town of Newport, if they choose,
some place that they can rent as a library where
they can put the books around the room on shelves.
Another Senator informs us that there is a great
famine in Newpoit, and the prices of living arc
three times what they are in Maryland. Now,
sir, we live veiy well in Newport, and we live
there cheaply; and until the influx of fashionable
society came there for two or three months in the
year, u was one of the cheapest places to live in
on the face of the earth, I think; and except dur-
ing the height of the season, it is a very cheap
place in which to live now.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Rhode Isl-
and labors under a very great misapprehension
as to the effect of the vote we arc about to give,
if we vote for thu bill as it originally stood, it ap-
propriates $50,000 for rent and other purposes of
the Naval Academy at Newport, Rhode Island,
and therefore fixes it there for one year. The
word " Newport" was inserted in the bill in the
House of Representatives for some purpose; I
suppose for the purpose of fixing it there; where-
as if the amendment of the committee is adopted,
it merely appropriates $25,000 for the repair of the
buildings at Annapolis, and leaves the thing en-
tirely at the disposal of the President.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The course of the dis-
cussion has produced great doubts in my mind.
The first doubt is, whether or not this school
should not be removed to the bay of San Fran-
cisco, for it is the finest bay in the world. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. LATHAM. Or Benicia.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will accept the amend-
ment of my colleague. The next is whether, ac-
cording to "the principle stated by the Senator from
Connecticut, that the truth was the mean between
the two extremes, it ought not to be at Fort Leav-
enworth, somewhere in Kansas. [Laughter.]
Mr. TEN EYCK. If the Senator will allow
me, I propose that he offer it as an amendment to
the Pacific railroad bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. I thank the Senator for
hissuggestion. When that bill is up, and the Sen-
ate will consider it, 1 will consider that question.
Now, I think myself, and I wish to say, that
there was no legal right to take this school to New-
poit. It was removed by the exercise of irre-
sponsible power. It belongs at Annapolis,aquiet
town, much more suitable for the school than
Newport or any other large town or any water-
ing place. I think, as the Government has ex-
pended a great deal of money at Annapolis in pro-
viding for the school, and as that money has its
representative in houses and lands and property,
that it would be well to let the thing remain as it
is, and not engage m any new enterprise.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether con-
tracts have not already been made for the rent
of buildings for another year at Newport, and
whether we shall not have to pay for them whether
we occupy them or not?
Mr. HALE. I have no certain information,
knowledge, or belief on that point.
Mr. ANTHONY. I so understood from one
of my colleagues in the House of Representatives;
but 1 do not know the fact.
Mr. HALE. We have had various communi-
cations fiom the Secretary of the Navy", and he
has never made any such suggestion to us.
Mr. ANTHONY. When did the time expire
for which we rent those buildings? On the 1st of
June, I think.
Mr. HALE. No; I think it is on the 15th. 1
will not be curtain about that.
Mr, SUMNER. I am not disposed to say now
where the Naval School ought permanently to be
placed; but lam entirely satisfied that at this mo-
ment it ought not to be carried back to Annapolis.
I do not say that next year it may not be advisa-
ble that it shall be placed where it was before; but
I certainly will not take the responsibility of car-
rying it back to Annapolis now. I shall there-
fore vote against the proposition of the commit-
tee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand that
that is involved exactly in this amendment. I
concur very much in what the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has said that this is not the moment to
settle where the Naval Academy should be. I
would not want to take the responsibility of voting
that there should be an immediate removal of the
Naval School to Annapolis.
Mr. ANTHONY. That will be the effect of
the vote, if the amendment be agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I*-should like to know if
that will be the effect of the vote; if that is to fol-
low; if the consequence of voting for the amend-
ment proposed is to direct, in the present condi-
tion of things, that the school shall be immediately
removed back.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator addresses the ques-
tion to me, there is nothing of the sort involved
in the amendment. Gentlemen may have then-
own opinion as to what the probabilities will be.
Instead of making contracts at Newport, it sim-
ply proposes to appropriate $25,000 towards re-
pairing the buildings at Annapolis. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It makes no appropriation
for the support of the school at Newport, hut
makes an appropriation for buildings at Annapolis.
Mr. GRIMES. Was there any made for New-
port last year?
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume it came up as a
deficiency.
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly, and it may come up
as a deficiency now, if the President and Secretary
of the Navy see fit to keep it there. The whole
trouble grows out of the attempt in this bill to
fasten the academy at Newport. The House put
in here a clause for the rent of the Naval Acad-
emy at Newport for the succeeding year; and now,
because we propose to strike out the word " New-
port," so as to leave the thing entirely open 
Mr. ANTHONY. And putin Annapolis.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; we do not say any-
thing about Annapolis.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly you do.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I understand this
thing. The original proposition was for the rent
of buildings at Newport and for watchmen and
other incidental expenses, $50,000 for the coming
year. Now, the committee have proposed to strike
out a part of that and reduce it to $22,000, which
would covei all the incidental expenses, but does
not include the lent, and to strike out the word
" Newport" and leave it just as it stood; so that
it does not refer either to Newpoit or Annapolis;
and then they propose to add another clause, to
put the Naval Academy at Annapolis in repair.
Mr. SUMNER. If we do vote money to put
the buildings in Annapolis in repair, I take it it is
becausc we expect those buildings to be used. We
ought not to throw our money away. The money
wifl he thrown away unless the buildings arc used.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they find they cannot
go back there, they will not expend it.
Mr. SUMNER. I do notdoubt that they can go
back there, but if this money is appropriated 
