222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Train.
Ho. of Reps.
If these measures shall be finally adopted, I pray
God I may prove a false prophet, and that out of
this nettle danger we may pluck the flower safety;
that His strength may be manifested in our weak-
ness, and that He may overrule all our errors and
shortcomings for the good of our beloved coun-
ty-   
CONFISCATION OP 11E8EL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. OHAS. E. TRAIN,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
May 94, 1869.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. TRAIN said:
Mr. Speaker: It is impossible for me to ap-
proach the great question before us in any spirit
of vindictiveness, nor does it appear to me to be
proper to legislate with any such feelings. In sur-
veying the condition of the country, we shall sec
enough of misery and distress to temper our in-
dignation with sorrow. Doubtless the distress
has been unequally distributed, and many have
suffered who were innocent, while many have es-
caped who were guilty. Such is the lotof human-
ity. One may count the leaders in this giant insur-
rection upon their fingers. These men should be
visited with condign punishment, and I am pre-
>arod to vote for any measure to this effect. I
■elieve it will be judicious, too, to enact such a
law as will serve to deter men who have fortunes
at stake from continuing in arms now, or taking
them up ogam in the future; hut I dissent from
those who think that such a confiscation actshould
be passed as will impoverish the families of rebels,
andpunishthem indisciiminately; nordo I believe
that the Treasury of the United States would be
replenished from this source, for it would proba-
bly cost quite as much to reduce the property of
the rebels to the possession of tho Government as
the value of the property itself. Any one who
has examined our history duringand after the close
of the Revolution, will be satisfied that if all con-
stitutional doubts could be withdrawn, we can
have now no assurance that this remedy could be
applied with any satisfactory consequences. In
the language of another: " Confiscation, in a legal
and technical sense, is attended with difficulties.
It was not resorted to at all in case of the original
proprietors of our soil, whose titles were sus-
pended, if not extinguished, by a more summary
process. Itwas applied pretty largely to the Tories
of the Revolution, but the process was tedious,
and the results not altogether satisfactory. If the
rebels, like the Tones, should colonize them and
their heirs with them, it would be relieved of some
of its difficulties, but would still be a sore one to
professional conveyancers, who could hardly be
reconcilcd to the salvation of the country at the
expense of serious informalities in the title of real
estate."
But apart from this consideration, I do not like
this mode of punishment, and I distrust its effi-
ciency for any good end. To punish a whole body
of people for the madness to which they have been
incited by long and studied purpose on the patt
of a band of political conspirators who have in-
flamed their passions with the recital of imaginary
wrongs, and turned their hearts against a Govern-
ment so mild and lenient that they have scarcely
felt its rule, would be, in my judgment, neither
politically wise nor substantially just. The great-
ness of the nation should be shown by its ma*-
nanimity as well as its power. The people are
not versed in law, and our form of Government
is complex; they have been confused and per-
plexed with the antagonistic requirements of the
State and Federal Governments.
Among the numerous bills which have been in-
troduced in this and the other House for the pun-
ishment of treason, several of them are designed
•o abolish slavery, while few of them show this
either in the title or preamble. The honorable
ehaiiman of the Committee of Ways and Means
boldly marches forward to this direct object, and
asserts that the longer continuance of the system
is incompatible with peace. This may be true to
some extent; but believing that this rebellion has
struck the death-knell of the institution, I will not
seek its overthrow by unconstitutional and there-
fore unjust means. -*
It js needless for me to say that I hate and until
now have feared the institution of slavery; but
much as I detest the system, I cannot agree that
it shall be made responsible for all the evils which
afflict the nation; and it seems to me that those
gentlemen who can see no other element of dis-
cord than this in the country are blind to the oc-
currences of the past or ignorant of the political
history of the Republic. If slavery had never ex-
isted, the nullification theories of South Carolina
would have resulted in rebellion; and certainly it
will be conceded that the attempt to overthrow
this Government was begun and instigated by that
portion of the States which had least to complain
of in reference to any interference with their do-
mestic concerns. The pernicious political tenets
taught in the State rights schools of the South
have borne legitimate fruit in this rebellion, and
the people of this nation will learn henceforth that
their paramount obedience is due, where alone it
can be enforced, to the United States of America;
they will learn this by a lesson which will impress
itself more thoroughly upon their minds than by
all they have gathered from the ingenious polit-
ical essays of Virginia or Massachusetts states-
men. In order to apply a proper remedy we should
not deceive ourselves as to the nature of the dis-
ease. The constant cry of " invasion," the ques-
tion asked so often and with such emphasis by
the insurgents, and, no doubt, in most cases with
sincerity, " what have you come here for?" suffi-
ciently attests that tho true diameter of this Gov-
ernment has yet to be learned by very many" of
its citizens. The unity of the Republic has been
lost sight of or pushed aside by the nearer pres-
ence of the State government.
As a rule, the people of our country are law-
abiding; they believe that a majority, acting in a
legislative capacity, under constitutional restric-
tions, can do almost anything, while a class of
politicians, both North and South, have avowed
the doctrine that a constitutional contention can
do and undo all things at will. This was held in
Massachusetts as late as 1853, and nothing but the
intelligence of her people, and the fact that they
could not be excited by artful harangues which
have deluded our brethren of tho South, prevented
the amendment of her fundamental law in an un-
constitutional way, and in violation of the rights
of minorities. Very undefined notions prevail
among us with regard to the powers of such a
convention, which powers are exhausted,in truth,
after tho first convention has set the machine of
government in motion, and also upon the matters
of sovereignty and allegiance.
According to my views of the structure of our
Government, there are, rightly speaking, no such
correlative attributesas sovereignty and allegiance
in-the internal relations of this Republic; we are
citizens, not subjects, and we owe no allegiance
anywhere, but simply obedience to our fixed and
written constitutions, and the laws passed in pur-
suanceof them. OurGovernmentis foundedupon
tho theory thatallpoweris originally derived from
the people, and that even their power has its lim-
itations. The peopli^acting at the outset through
the machinery of conventions, established certain
fundamental principles which were to govern and
restrict subsequent legislation, and any acts of the
Legislatures departing from this so constituted
authority, are of no binding effect. Thisdivision
of power is plainly marked in the constitutions
of the several States, and in that of the United
States.
It is this pestilent doctrine of State rights, in
my judgment, and the consequent doctrine that
a constitutional convention may do all things at
will, with the cowardice of loyal men in some of
the slave Stsetes, which has brought upon us this
rebellion. For example, I believe no fact is ca-
pable of plainer proof (and if I am mistaken I
will thank any of her delegation picsent to cor-
rect me) than that the convention of Virginia if
usurped powers not conferred upon it, and passed 'i
what was called an ordinance of secession in de- j|
fiance of the expressed will of a majority of her il
people. Of course, the first step taken,it was not
so difficult to keep up a forced unanimity there-
after, with tho impassioned cries of" invasion,"
and the angry exclamation of" what (lo you come
here for?" But the people of Virginia elected a
convention of Union men, and forbade them taking
any step, without submitting the same to them at
the polls, changing the relations of the State to
the General Government. This prohibition was
disregarded. The State was handed over to the
confederate States a month before the people were
allowed to vote, and armed troops from Louisi-
ana, Georgia, Alabama, South Carolina, and else-
where occupied her *' sacred soil." It is idle to
suppose that Virginia statesmen did not know
they were guilty all this timeof usurpation. Upon
inquiry of my friends I learn that the argument
chiefly relied on was that, so soon as the State
took an attitude of revolution, it was believed a
peaceable separation would result. Fatal error!
and what deep and bitter humiliation it has cost
the Old Dominion 1 The first test vote taken in
the Richmond convention disclosed, as was to have
been expected from the popular elections, a large
Union majority; but thenceforth all sorts of ap-
pliances were brought to bear by the revolution-
ists to reverse this judgment. Men were sent
from various parts of the State. Commissioners
were received from seceded States—none from the
North were invited—and with hot and fiery ha-
rangues in doors and out, the convention was
besieged day and night, until finally a vote was
obtained on the 17th of April, 1861, of 86 to 55, in
favor of what was called an ordinance of seces-
sion. I believe I state these things correctly; if
not, there are gentlemen present from Virginia
who were members of that convention, and who
can correct me if in error.
Now, what excuse can be given, here or here-
after, for those members of that convention who
were elected as Union men, but afterwards yielded
their trust, betrayed their constituents, surren-
dered their judgments and their conscientious con-
victions to the clamor of secession? (I see that
one George W. Brent, elected as Union delegate
to that convention fi om the city of Alexandria, by
more than six hundred majority, is now serving
on Beauregard's staff.) It is claimed that Vir-
ginia resumed her sovereignty. She never was
sovereign, but helped form this national Union,
and owes all she is to it. As cities owe their char-
tered powers to the State governments, so do the
States owe their powers and privileges to the Uni-
ted States; and Mississippi, which furnishes the
president of the so-called confederate States, would
long since have been the subject of reprisal for her
repudiated bonds but for the power and protection
of the United States. I can find some extenuation
for the conduct of those unreflecting youths of
Virginia—especially such as have been educated
to false principles in her military schools—who,
bearded like the pard, and rejoicing, each, like
another Alexander, in his Bucephalus, were only
too ready to exchange the holiday pageantry o'f
their mock tournaments for the stern and manly
realities of war. The soldier is impelled to war-
fare by his training,and where aconflictis raging
between foreign Powers, he has a right to favor
either of the contending parties with his good
wishes, and, if there be no obligation to prevent,
with his personal services. But what is to be said
of those officers of our Army and Navy who,
educated, many of them, by the bounty of the na-
tion, have accepted trusts at the hands of their
country that they might the more easily betray
and destroy her? Is it in the power of human
language to fathom the depth of their infamy ?
One of them, a Virginian, commanded the rein-
forcements at Hull Run, and, at a critical juncture,
sighed, it was said, for four more regiments; the
regiments came, and he had the satisfaction of see-
ing the flag under which he was born and nur-
tured, and to which he owed all that ho was, go
down before him. Some days after that battle he
is represented to have been seen towards nightfall
pacing in front of his tent, looking haggard and
careworn. What must have been the bitterness
of his remorse when, no longer sustained by the
gaudiacertaminis, he reflected upon his true posi-
tion ! There are some lines in the Siege of Corinth
so applicable to him then and there, changing but
