1862.]
37th Gong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
Confiscation of Ztcbcl JpTopsTty—Mv. Ttcvih,
them?16 W°rd' that 1 Can"0t forbear repeating
" £jic "ig'it, as ou lie wandered,
And o er the past and present pondeied,
And thought upon the glorious dead
Who there in better cause had bled,
Jie felt how faint and feebly dim
TIio fame that could accrue to him,
Who cheered the band, and waved the sword,
A traitor in ft. traitorous hoide;
And led them to the lawless siege,
Whose best success were sacrilege.
Not &o had those ins tanay numbered,
The chiofes whose dust around him slumbrred,
Their phalanx marshaled on the plain,
Whose bulwarks were not then in vain.
Tlicy felt devoted^ but undying;
The vciy gale their names seemed sighing;
The waters muimured of their name;
The woods were peopled with their lame:
The silent pillar, lone and gray,
Claimed kindred with their sacred clay;
Their spiiits wrapped the dusky mountain,
Their memory spaikled o'er the fountain;
The meanest rill, the mightiest river,
Rolled mingling with their fame forever.
Despite of every yoke she bears,
That land h? gloiy's still and theirs !"
Ay, and as the renosvn of Greece is to be found
in the learning of Athens and the endurance of
Sparta, in her heroes and statesmen, her Cimon,
and Pericles and Demosthenes, so does the glory
of Virginia belong to her Washington, and the
Henrys and Mars halls and Pendletons and Ran-
dolphs of her earlier and better days; and when
this wretched Breckinridge uprising shall have
passed away and taken its place in history beside
the whisky insurrection and Shay's rebellion, and
when its instigators shall have been consigned to
that ignominy and oblivion which surely awaits
them, the names I have cited will still survive,
" exempt from mutability and decay," to illus-
trate the true glory of the Old Dominion.
Mr. Speaker, the Virginia and Kentucky reso-
lutions of 1798, with the latitude assigned by them
to State supremacy, have done their work. They
were originally brought forward, I'believe, with
no higher motive than to embarrass the adminis-
tration of John Adams; but the germ of dissolu-
tion then planted has been industriously nursed
by designing men and inborn traitors until now
the country is reaping the bitter fruit. For ex-
ample: slavery has added its influence in bring-
ing about the rebellion, and a most potent and
sinful one. It is an unmitigated curse and a deadly
evil; but this rebellion would have occurred with-
out it. When you add the workings of slavery
to the doctrines I have alluded to, every hour
brings you with lightning speed to practical seces-
sion. Slavery debases every white person with
which it comes in contact, socially and politically.
It creates a difference of classes incompatible with
a republican form of government; it makes the
master impatient of control, and insubordinate as
a citizen of the State, as it compels the master to
hold a large amountofland to make slaveryprof-
itable; it creates a landed aristocracy, who, liv-
ing upon the labor of others, learn to look down
with contempt upon those who regard labor as
honorable; and finally, it creates a class of poor
whites, who with the rights ofcitizens, are as ignor-
ant and degraded as the blacks, and who were eas-
ily inflamed to political madness, when the mas-
ters, ranklingat the loss of political power, and to
some of them the still greater loss of the oppor-
tunity to steal from the public Treasury,applied
thedoctrinc ofState rights and practically of open
secession. If, then, the event of the rebellion shall
annihilate the doctrine ofState rights, the Union
maybe restored, though slavery remains " stat
nominis umbra.5'
Those of my friends who regard slavery as the
cause of the rebellion, demand its immediate ex-
tinction by emancipation, either by act of Con-
gress, or under what is termed the " war power,"
or the power of self-preservation. Others seek
the same result by confiscation, so called; and this
has been received with great favor in the free
States, and by none more so than by Massachu-
setts, more especially because it has been sup-
posed to be the readiest mode of compelling the
rebels to contribute to the expenses of the war.
Although I favored this at the outset, a careful
consideration of the subject has satisfied my own
mind ofits unconstitutionality andinexpediency.
Emancipation by congressional legislation is now
conceded to be an unconstitutional interference
Ho. op Reps.
with the rights of the States. How, then, are the
traitors to bo punished, the expenses of the war
to be paid, and the abolition of slavery hastened
in a constitutional way? In the Gulf States the
number of loyal men is too small to be regarded.
In Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and, perhaps,
Missouri, there are a few who are to be consid-
ered. If I were the President, I would deal with
this matter in a practical and summary way.
Congress should not be troubled with passing any
enactments in reference to slavery. Wherever
the Union Army advanced I would encourage the
slaves to come within the Federal lines. I would
treat them kindly, feed, clothe, and instruct them,
and use them in every capacity of which I found
them capable. Does my honorable friend from
Kentucky say that this would create a most hor-
rible servile war? I answer, the masters have
created this war, and the means indicated are the
shortest way to end it; first, by weakening the
power of the enemy, and second, by increasing
the power of the Union forces. Does my friend
declaim against the practice of using black men for
troops? I reply, that I have the best authority in
the world for it. Negroes fought, and fbu"lit
bravely, at the battle of Bunker Hill. The first
man who lost his life at the Boston massacre in
State street was a negro, and my own townsman.
After the battle of BunkerHill,Washington wrote
to the President of Congress in this wise:
"It has been represented to me that the free negroes who
have served in this army aie very much dissatisiied at being
disbanded. As it is to be apprehended that they may seek
employ in the ministerial army, X have presumed to depart
from the resolution respecting them, and hare given license
lor their being enlisted. 1 f this is disapproved of by Con-
st ess X will put a stop to It."
Washington's biographer (see Sparks, vol. 3,
page 918) makes this note on the passage:
At a meeting of the general officers previously to the
ariival ol the committee fiom Congress in camp, it was
unanimously i('so]ved,*that it was not expedient to enlist
slaves in the new army, and by a large majority negroes of
every description were. excluded from enlistment. When
the subject was lel'eil ed to tile committee in conference,
this decision was confirmed. In repaid to liee negroes,
howcvci, the icoolve was not adlieieil to and probably lor
the reason here mentioned by General Washington. Many
black soldiers were in the service during all singes of tin-
war."
For example, a whole battalion was raised in
Rhode Island. Anotherwasbrouglitby our French
allies from St. Domingo, and fought in the blood-
iest battle of the Revolution, at Savannah. It after-
wards achieved distinction fighting against the
British in its own country. Though Congress thus
yielded to Rutledge, there seems to have been no
doubt on the part of the best judges that the blacks
made good soldiers. Henry Laurens wrote to
Washington, March 16, 1779:
" Had we arms for three thousand such black men as t
couid select m Carolina, X should have no doubt of success
in driving the British out of Georgia, nnd subduing Bast
Floiida before the end of July."
Washington replied:
"The policy of our arming slaves is, in my opinion, a
moot point, Unlets the enemy set the example. For should
we begin tofoun battalions of them, I have not the smallest
doubt, If the war is to bo prosecuted, of their following us
in if, and justifying the measure upon our own giouiul. The
contest then must be, who can arm fastest. And where are
om arms ? Besides, I am not clear that a disci imination
Will not lender slaveiyrnore iiksome to those who remain
in it. Mostof tliegood andevil things of tills life nrejudgeil
of by comparison; and ! teai a coinpaiison in this ease will
be pioductivo of much discontent in those who are held m
seivitude. But as tins is a subject that has never employed
much of iny thoughts, these are no more than the first crude
ideas that have struck me on the occasion."
Afterwards, in 1782, when Colonel John Lau-
rens complained to Washington that the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina had refused to give him
leave to raise " a regiment of_ black levies," the
latter spoke of the failure as due to the fact that the
spirit of freedom had subsided and every selfish
passion had taken its place, and predicted that
the zealous colonel would have no better success
in Georgia. Can there be any doubt what the
Father of his Country would do in the present
state of facts? Not one of the facts which sus-
tained his " crude ideas" against arming the en-
slaved blacks in 1779 now exists, save on the side
of the secessionists, who have " sot the example,"
and thus removed the only one which could exist
on our side. We can arm faster than they, and
the more discontented their or our doing so makes
the remaining slaves, the better for us.
Mr. Speaker, I have selected Virginia as the
chief subject of my comments because, although
the hotter blood of South Carolina led off' in this
rebellion, the pestilent dogmas of the political
school of Virginia, from whose loins have sprung
so many of the southern States, have had a potent
agency m bringing on the present deplorable con-
dition of our country. Virginia, as I have said,
undertook in her convention to resume her sover-
eignty, but, in truth, she never had any sover-
eignty to resume; in company with others of the
original thirteen colonies she declared her inde-
pendence of Groat Britain, and this declaration
was not the sole act of Virginia, but the united act
of her and her sister colonies, separately and
alone none of them could have coped with the
power of England, but then,as now, the strength
of the Republic which they inaugurated was in
union. The Confederation which was first made
was only abandoned for a firmer and closer union,
and to this union I am bound by ties as strong
as any which can bind a citizcn to his country"
Ireland may have a right to sever her association
with Great Britain; Poland, triparted Poland,
might rightly, if she could, reassert her national-
ity, but, Virginia, which never was independent,
had no right and 110 just cause, moral or political,
to endeavor the destruction of the Government
which she was so hugely instrumental in estab-
lishing. The Farewell Address of her venerated
Washington contained, among the rest ofits dis-
regarded injunctions, these memorable words—
" cherish your national Union."
The student of our history as a nation does not
need to be reminded that, at the outset of our ca-
reer, there were radical political differences be-
tween Washington and Jefferson; the latter was
tinctured with the French philosophy prevailing
at his time, which had a powerful advocate in the
infidel Paine; and, according to their views, theic
could be no such thing as a "permanent system of
law for social government, but each succeeding
generation was to make a new cede to suit the
shifting relations of men and things. There was,
in their view, no roek of fundamental law, but only
the quicksands of never-endingrevolution. 1 was
educated in the school of Washington. 1 btlievc
in the sanctity of compact's, the majesty of law,
and the perpetuity of pnnciples.
Having thus set forth the bias of my feelings
and prejudices, if such they be, it will hardly bo
expected that I should join in any scheme for
reaching the destruction of slavery by violating
the obligations of the Constitution. Our fathers
were quite as wise, and certainly as honest as wo
arc; they believed, in their zeal for universal lib-
erty, that they had provided for the ultimate and
not far distant extinction of slavery. The chance
and change of commerce and the aits have baffled
their anticipations thus far; but thu madness of
southern politicians, which has led them to rush
•their system against the bosses of the buckler of
freedom, is likely to bring about that end which
they so ardently desired. Satisfied in my own
mind that (he system of slavery is now at length
in a condition to be a suppliant, and no longer a
dictator, I am content to abide the issue of events.
From the disunionists of the Noith, who find in
the rebellion an excusc for overthrowing the plain-
est constitutional provisions, I turn to the loyal
men of the border States, and say: gentlemen,
what do you advise? You see that slavery is de-
moralized as a system, and that they who have
made it a stalking-horse for party, have ruined it
pecuniarily. What shall we do? The problem
of how to deal with millions of human beings in
your midst, is one which concerns you more nearly
than those whom 1 represent; but my constitu-
ents arc law-abiding, and with no good feeling for
slaveholders, as such, they will yet stand by the
contract of their fathers. They are for the good
old rule of their English ancestors—fair play; and
they will not strike you, now that you are down;
on the contrary, they regard the loyal men of slave
States as having peculiar claims to be heard and
regaided in this civil war. They agree with you
that law, and not tempoiary majontics of polit-
ical parties, is the true conservation of this Repub-
lic. They believed, with you, that the doctrine
of nullification, which has ripened into secession,
was effectually put to rest, so far as human reason
could do this, by the renowned reply of the great
