1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2703
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they think it not expe-
dient to go back there, it will not be spent.
Mr. SUMNER. But the appropriation of this
money will indicate on the part of Congress a pol-
icy in that direction. I am not disposed at this
moment to take part ill any such policy. I do
not think we are ready for it. I do not say that
wo may not next year be ready to go back to
Annapolis; but I am sure we are not now; and I
think the appropriation of the money, if it has
any effect at all, will he to carry it back to An-
napolis; it will be to constrain the Government
in that direction. I think we ought not to do it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I should like to make the
necessary appropriation for the support of the
Naval Academy, and leave this matter without
any action 011 the part of Congress as to the mo-
ment when the school is to be removed back to
Annapolis if it is to be removed back. It seems
to me that is the true policy. For reasons satis-
factory to the Government, which I do not pro-
pose to go into, the Naval Academy has been
changed, temporarily at any rate, from Annapolis
to Newport. We find it there. The condition of
things which occasioned its removal is not en-
tirely settled yet. This rebellion, I am sorry to
say, is not entirely crushed out yet. I think it is
m the way of being done, and I trust it will be
done pretty soon. But the Naval School having
been taken from Annapolis in the exercise of a
sound discretion as they supposed, on the part of
the Government for the time being, if it were prac-
ticable I should like for one to vote to make the
necessary appropriation to maintain the school,
and leave to the Navy Department of the Gov-
ernment the fixing of the time when it is to be
returned to Annapolis. I do not like by my vote
to indicate that it is to be returned at this mo-
ment, or that the school is to be established at
Newport, I hardly know how to get at it; but
I wish the committee would frame their amend-
ment 111 such a way as to make the appiopnation
for the support of the school, and leave it to the
Department to settle this other question.
Mr. GRIMES. It is that way now. The way
it was before, it would go permanently to New-
port.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All we do is to provide
for the contingent expenses in one clause, and then
appropriate money, if the Government see fit to
repair the buildings at Annapolis.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, if there are
two distinct appropriations, let us vote to appro-
priate the money for the contingent expenses of
the academy wherever it may go. I suppose we
are all for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the question arises,
are you or are you not willing to appropriate a
sum of money to be expended, if the Government
think it advisable, in repairing these buildings at
Annapolis ?
Mr. ANTHONC. With a proviso that it is to
be understood not as a direction as to the change
of the location of the academy, leaving that as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You might provide that
a man is not to bite his own nose off, and with
just as much sense.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is understood that
our nose will be bitten off by this operation. It
is very plain that the effect of this will be to carry
the academy back, and if the Senate choose to do
it, very well.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, let us vote on it.
Mr. ANTHONY. We will take the question
presently.. I do not take the floor so often, or
occupy it so long when I do, that I am to be put
down till I have finished what 1 have to say. I
ask that the amendment may be divided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The amendment recommended by
the committee is to strike out and insert, and that
is not divisible.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask whether, after the
yeas and nays have been ordered, an amendment
can be offered to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itcanbe. There
is no motion no w but to strike out and insert, and
that is not divisible.
Mr. HALE. If the Chair will allow me. the
division that is called for by the Senator from
Rhode Island may be had, if he will let us strike
out, and then the matter that is to be inserted may
be divided; for one clause is " for wages of watch-
men and contingent expenses of the Naval Acad-
emy, |22,797," and then it proposes to insert
another clause, " for repairing and refitting the
buildings and grounds of the Naval Academy at
Annapolis, $25,000." I will suggest to the Chair
whether or not the matter to be inserted might
not be divided, because they are distinct appro-
priations. The fiist one makes the usual appro-
priation for the academy, let it be where it will,
and the second clause appropuates §25,000 for the
lefitting and repairing of buildings at Annapolis.
Mr. KING. 1 believe it is in order to amend
the matter which is to be stricken out, or that
which is to be inserted where the proposition is,
like this, to strike out and insert, so that a vote
upon it precludes an amendment afterwards. I
therefore move to amend the proposition to be in-
serted, by striking out the last clause in it, which
appropriates $25,000 for repairing the buildings at
Annapolis.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to amend the proposed
amendment by striking out a portion of the mat-
ter proposed to be inserted. In the opinion of the
Chair that is in order. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment, which is to strike
out a portion of the matter moved to be inserted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is the very question
which I wish to raise for the decision of the Chair,
t think, sir, although I do not profess to be ac-
quainted with the rules or have any familiarity
with them, that it has been already held here, time
and again, that after the yeasand nays have been
ordered on a proposition, it is not competent to
move an amendment, except by general consent.
I raise that objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is not the
opinion of the Chair. The ordering of the yeas
and nays does not destroy the power of the Sen-
ate over the amendment, to amend or alter it any
more than though the yeas and nays had not beeii
ordered. It ceases then, perhaps,to be in the power
of the mover of the proposition to withdraw it
without general consent; but it may bo amended.
Mr. POWELL. I think, sir, that this Senate
ought very promptly to restore this academy to
Annapolis. It was located there by authority of
law. It has been removed to anotherplace with-
out authority of law. The Secretary of the Navy
had no authority whatever to remove this acad-
emy. It seems to me to have been a usurpation
of the powers of Congress. It has been said he
did it 111 consequence of necessity. We know
there was 110 necessity for the removal of the acad-
emy from Annapolis. That little town never has
been in possession of the enemy; there has been
no mob there; but the Secretary of the Navy takes
it upon himself, in violation of law, to lemove this
academy, which was located by law at one place,
to a distant point, and to do it under the plea of
necessity. It seems to me Congress is determined
to submit to any and every violation of the law
and of the Constitution under this plea of neces-
sity. Wlieie has been the necessity of ever re-
moving the academy from Annapolis?
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly; with great pleasure.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will ask him by what law
the academy was located at Annapolis?
Mr. POWELL. I cannot point the Senator to
the law now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can inform him there never
was any law for the organization of the academy
in the first place, and never any law for its loca-
tion. It was done by the Secretary of the Navy,
and, veiy properly, under the authority of vaii-
ous existing laws.
Mr. POWELL. Did not the law authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to do it.' The Secretaiy of
the Navy had 110 right to make a location of the
academy unless there had been some law empow-
ering him to do so, and when it was located it was
a fixed fact.
Mr. ANTHONY. The law authorized the
Secietary of the Navy to provide instruction for
the midshipmen, and that instruction was pio-
vided in various places, generally on shore at navy-
yaids, and on board ships. Then the Secretaiy
conceived, and 1 dare say properly, that lie had
authority to collect all these professors together 111
one place, and he collected them at Annapolis.
Tlicic never was any law locating the academy at
Annapolis, except constructively by appropria-
tions for its support there. The academy is now
legally located at Newport, by the same authority
and in the same manner that it was located at
Annapolis.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Kentucky
will allow me, I wish to reply to that remark of
the Senator from Rhode Island, that thoacademy
is located now by the same authority and in the
same manner at Newport that it was located at
Annapolis. I think the Senator is mistaken. It is
true there was no low of Congress specifically
locating it at any place; but the Secretary of the
Navy was authorized to appoint professors ot
mathematics,and to keep those professors on ship-
board, or employ them at other points on shore
for the instruction of midshipmen. He saw fit,
as has been stated by the Senator, to collect them
at Annapolis, after the War Department had sur-
rendered Fort Severn to the Navy Department for
that specific purpose. Then appiopriations were
made recognizing the legal existence of the acad-
emy at Annapolis. It is by that process the House
of Representatives have attempted to establish it
at Newport by the bill that has been sent to us,
but it has not yet been enacted into a law. If the
Senator will go through the appropriation bills
and the legislation of Congress ever since 1841,
he will observe that there are various laws recog-
nizing the existence of the Naval Academy at
Annapolis; buthe will not find any recognizing its
existence at Newport. That is the difference.
Mr. POWELL. I was just about replying to
the Senator from Rhode Island, that while there
might not have been any law locating this acad-
emy at Annapolis, there was general law author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to do this thing.
Congress has, by various appropriations, recog-
nized the location at Annapolis. It has expended
some $750,000 in erecting buildings there, buy-
ing land, &e. The academy then was located
there by law. The law might not have declared
that he should locate it there. It gave the Secre-
tary of the Navy power to select a site for the
instruction of these young gentlemen in naval mat-
ters. That place was selected; large appropria-
tions were made; lands were purchased or dona ted;
public buildings erected, and appropriations made,
as the Senator from Iowa says, for many years,
to support it there. These acts 011 the part of the
Government recognized that as the location, and,
consequently, 1 say it was located by virtue ot
law, notwithstanding that law might not have de-
clared directly that it should be located at Annap-
olis. I say the Secretary of the Navy had 110 light,
no authority, no power to remove it, and, in my
judgment, 110 necessity really existed for it. He
has exercised a power which he should not have
exercised; and the Senate should restore the acad-
emy to Annapolis, and by that act rebuke tins of-
ficial for removing it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Iam peifeclly willing that
the question shall be put on that ground; that
those who believe the Secretary did not do right
in removing the academy from Annapolis to New-
port, and who think he ought, to he rebuked for
It, will rebuke him by adopting this amendment
of the committee; and that those who believe he
did right, that he ought to have removed the
academy, and do not wish to rebuke liim, will vote
against the amendment.
°Mr. GRIMES. I am unwilling that it should
be put upon that ground, because I advised the
Secretary to remove it, and I am not anxious to
rebuke myself. I came from Annapolis to see the
Secretary, and used my influence, both with the
Secretary of War and with the Secretary of the
Navy, to take it to Fort Adams, in Newpott har-
bor. I thought that a necessity for its removal
existed at that time, for the reason that the military
forces were occupying the Naval Academy, and
I believe they acted properly in removing it; but
I had no idea that it was going to remain away
the length of time that it has; and I am satisfied
the Secretary of the Navy had not any desire that
it should remain away so long.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to have it under-
stood that in sustaining the amendment of the
committee, I propose for myself no rebuke to the
Secretary nf the Navy. The amendment meets
with his approbation, as 1 understand, and also
with the approbation of the committee, I believe,
without dissension, and the controversy cannot be
placed upon that ground.
Mr. ICING. I offer the amendment which 1
propose to the amendment because I think there
