1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21.
have a word or two to say upon the resolution
.✓before I yield it. What I have to say I desire to
say calmly and dispassionately, and I solicit the
consideration of lite House to the very few re-
marks that I propose to submit.
I want to call attention first to the facts estab-
lished by the report of this committee—estab-
lished, if the report of the select committee be
true, upon the most incontrovertible kind of testi-
mony. i am aware that that committee has ad-
mitted into its report a great deal of matter that
would not be testimony in a judicial proceeding
subject to objections of law; but I propose to con-
fine my remarks to that kind of testimony that is
not obnoxious to these objections—to legal testi-
mony, testimony that has not yet been contro-
verted or attempted to be controverted.
The facts, sir, are these: I am sorry that I have
not the report here, but I will state them from
memory as nearly as I can. If there are any mis-
takes in my statement, they will be trivial mis-
takes in regard to dates or in regard to amounts,
that will be immaterial. Now, sir, I have my
own notions with regard to these investigating
committees. I have uniformly cast my vote
against eveiy one that has been created, I have
never known any good to result from these inves-
tigations. The committee that has been created
here might be an exception to my observation. 1
began at one time to change my opinion with re-
gard to it, but now I question very much whether
any good will result from any of these commit-
tees. I am opposed to this thing of arraigning
men or trying men in their absence, without their
having an opportunity to confront their accusers.
I am opposed to all inquisitorial proceedings by
which investigations are held without an oppor-
tunity for rebutting testimony. 1 am aware that
the practice of arraigning parties for trial on in-
dictment by grand juries has received the sanc-
tion of wise jurists, and so far as any proceed-
ing may be had for the purpose of determining
whether an indictment shall be preferred against
a man, individually, I do not object to it. But,
sir,after the indictmentisthuspreierred,aspeedy
trial, by which the party accused shall have an
opportunity to defend himself, always should be
had.
But, sir, this accusation has been brought
against Mr. Fremont long since, and it is time that
Mr. Fremont should have an opportunity to de-
fend himself against these allegations. Eitherthe
committee have been guilty of making a false re-
port, and placing before the House a false record,
or else he stands convicted of an odious offense
for winch he should have a trial, and by this res-
olution I propose to give him a trial—a tiial in a
court of justice, wheie the rules of evidence may
be applied, and where ho will be honorably ac-
quitted unless he shall be found guilty and these
charges be proven true. If these charges are true,
no character which he may possess before the
country, none of his past or present services, noth-
ing, should shield him from conviction. If, on
the other hand, the charges be false, it is due to
his reputation, due to the country, due to the forms
of justice, that he should have a tnal and have an
oppot tunity to prove his innocence. This pro-
ceeding will give him that opportunity.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will my col-
league allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DIVEN. Certainly.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will thank my
colleague if he will inform the House or inform
me of his view of the law, and m what mode of
action he proposes thatthe Attorney Geneialshall
afford Major General Fremont an opportunity of
testing the ti nth of these allegations which ho says
are laid at his door.
Mr. DIVEN. Before I get through the gentle-
man will understand it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONIvLING. I will be very
glad to hpar it.
Mr. DIVEN. Now, sir, it is established by
the proof furnished by the investigating commit-
tee, that without any form of law, without any
form of right, without any sufficient consideration,
by an arbitrary order issued by John C. Fremont,
as military commandei of the western department,
money was drawn from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States and paid to Beard—money which had
never been earned and to which he was in no sense
entitled. I say, and I have no doubt of it, that
the man who procured and the man who received
this money are both liable in a civil action to be
made to refund and pay it back to the Treasury.
Does .my colleague doubt that?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not know
whether I doubt the proposition which my col-
league affirms or not, because I am not able to ap-
prehend with sufficient distinctness what the prop-
osition is. The resolution suggests to me no form
of civil action in which the United States shall be
plaintiff against either Beard, defendant, or Major
General Fremont, defendant, or both parties de-
fendants.
Mr. DIVEN. The question which I stated to
the gentleman was whether, if money had been
illegally abstracted from the Treasury, without
color of law or right, that money cannot be sued
for in a court of law and recovered back?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Undoubtedly,
Mr. Speaker. I have no doubt that an individual
taking money from the Treasury without cover
of right, can be sued in a civil action.
Mr. DIVEN. That answers my question. I
propose to show, if this report of the committee
on Government contracts be correct, that $171,000
has been thus obtained, without form of law,
without color of right, by a mere arbitrary, unau-
thorized procedure, and that it was paiu to this
man Beard, without sufficient considerations^
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
New York if he knows whether this report has
yet been printed and distributed among members ?
Mr. DIVEN. It has been.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have never seen it.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 refer tothereportof what has
been denominated the committee on Government
contracts.
Mr. BINGHAM. The special committee on
contracts ?
Mr. DIVEN. Yes; the Van Wyck committee-.-
Mr. BINGHAM. This report has not been
distributed at all.
Mr. DIVEN. I have had a great many copies
furnished to me and have distributed them. Now,
if the House will listen to me, I will state the
charges to which I allude as contained in that re-
port, and the proof by which it is supported. I
will state the facts substantially from memory. A
little before the 1st of October, by order of Gen-
eral John C. Fremont, for the purpose of making
defenses around the city of St. Louis, there were
laid oiF ten forts, earthworks, outside the city.
They were laid out by an engineer employed by
John C. Ficmont—an officei named Kepler—a
man of conceded ability and of conceded integrity.
After they were thu3 laid out, Kepler commenced
the construction of the five largest forts. Subse-
quently Beard commenced the construction of the
other forts. Kepler proceeded with his work to
the completion of these forts. He did so by hiring
laborers in the streets of St. Louis and paying them
by days' work. In this mode of construction,
which everyone knows is the most expensive way
of constructing works, the cost was about sixty
thousand dollais. Beaid went on with tl^e con-
struction of the other five smaller forts. About
the day when he commenced them, John C. Fre-
mont drew his order on the paymaster for $10,000,
saying that the money was to be applied to the
construction of these forts. About seven days
after that, John C. Fremontdrcwhisorderon the
paymaster in something like these words: u Pay
to Mr. Beard §60,000, on account of his contract
for constructing forts, he informing methatwith-
out such an advance he must dismiss some of the
hands employed on the work." Thus $70,000 is
advanced on account of a work which could not
have cost, in the most expensive way, over $60,000.
It is paid, not on any estimate of work done, but
on the bare say-so of the contractor, that without
this advance he must stop the work. The con-
tractor has been but seven days at work, and he
has already got $70,000. The very next day he
makes another draft for $6(5,000, saying, " pay to
Mr. Beard £66,000, because he informs me that
without this he must stop the work." Was there
any form of law obseivcd in making that draft?
Was there any consideration made by Beard which
entitled him to it? Was there any contract under
which it was paid ? Was there any estimate to
warrant it? Was it not rather an arbitrary ex-
action of so much money from the Treasury of
the United States by General Fremont, to pay it
over to his friend who had not earned it? Can it
be called anything else ? It rests on no equivocal
testimony. It rests on a public statement signed
by John C. Fremont himself. It rests on facts.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we find that by the 6th of
October, not more than ten days after the com-
mencement of this work, there has been $131,000
paid in cash for it, without any estimate of the
amount of work done, upon no pretense what-
ever, except that the contractor said it was neces-
sary, upon an arbitrary order of the commander,
while a larger work of the same kind was done
side and side with it for $60,000.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DIVEN. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. Has the gentleman from New
York ever read a statement signed by the Army
officer in charge of the construction of those works,
which declares over his own signature that the
larger forts were not built for $60,000, or any such
sum, and in which he also stated that the prices
paid by him for labor were higher than those that
have been stated by the committee in their report?
Has the gentleman ever seen that statement ? If
not, I will show it to him from one of the St.
Louis papers.
VROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed, without amendment,
a joint resolution of this House (No. 67) to sup-
ply the Smithsonian Institution with volumes of
Wilkes's Expedition.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ments of this House to the joint resolution of the
Senate (No. 26) explanatory of a certain act
therein mentioned.
Mm-TAKf"CONTRACTS AT ST. LOUIS AGAIN.
Mr. DIVEN. I will say to the House that I
have seen his testimony, m which he states under
oath that it was done for about sixty thousand
dollars.
Mr. COLFAX. I have his card, published in
the St. Louis Democrat, in which he says it cost
more than sixty thousand dollars. He says that
the price paid per day for labor was not accurately
stated in the report of the committee, that it was
stated too low in that report.
Mr. KELLEY. i would like to ask the gentle-
man fiom New York whether he has ever seen
evidence of the truth of these facts outside the
report of the committee.
Mr. DIVEN. Certainly not. All I say is that
if these facts are not as stated in this report, the
committee have imposed false testimony upon us,
and if they have, m God's name let us punish
them. But if the report of this committee stands
correct, then these men have been guilty of one
of the grossest frauds and peculations upon the
public Treasury that can be shown in the history
of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York whether he has read the testi-
mony of General Fremont upon this subject,given
before the committee on the conduct of the war.
Mr. DIVEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the gentleman is aware,
I presume, that General Fiemont states that he
directed General McKinstry,the regularly author-
ized officer of the Government in the quartermas-
ter's department, to reduce this account to the
proper prices and to report the amount to him;
that those prices were reported, and the amount
so ascertained paid.
Mr. DIVEN. No, sir. He states that he was
very much occupied with other matters, and that
he referred this account to McKmstry to do what
was right, and pay what would be a fair equiva-
lent for the work with a moderate profit. But,
sir, there was no contract at all.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask the gentleman to allow
me one word more. General Fremontm his state-
ment before the committee on the conduct of the
war, says:
"•Six thousand men were employed upon if, working
night and day, and it was finis-lied rapidly in awoikmanhke
and durable manner. E^tra pay w.is> allowed to the labor-
er-, foity ccnt* per diiy, I think, and extra expenses in-
cmred under the pressure authorized. 1 was satisfied with
| him, and the work done by him I a>kcd no bond fiom
j him, biic<iu>e lie \va> a danger and could give none. He
j began lus, work befbio the contiaor was made ; an accident
I delaved its execution by General McKmstry. When the
• pi ices foi his woi k weie under di-eus-sion and were refeired
! to iue by Genet at MeKm^tiy, I directed thi3 officer to re-
