2704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13.
is, by implication, though notdirectly, an indica-
tion on the part of the Senate, or Congress, if it
shall pass this bill, that this school shall be re-
turned to Annapolis. 1 concur entirely with what
the Senator from Illinois has said, that we should
make these appropriations without, at this time,
attempting to determine whether it shall be re-
turned to Annapolis or remain at Newport, or be
located somewhere else. 1 am disposed to let this
thing 4 est entirely alone; and if we strike out the
clause I have moved to strike out, I think that
would effect the object. 1 shall vote to strike that
out, and if it is not stricken out, I shall vote against
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order to amend
the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to an amendment now pending.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to hear
the amendmentand the amendment to the amend-
ment read.
The Secretary read the amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike outlines two hundred and forty -
four* two hundred and forty-live, and two hun-
dred and forty-six of section one of the bill, in the
following woids:
For rent of quarters for the Naval Academy at Newport,
wages, furmtuie, and contingent expenses therefor,.1$48,047.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Foi wages of watchmen and contingent expenses of the
Naval Academy, J$"32,797-
For repairing and lefiuimr the buildings and giounds of
the Naval Academy at Atmapoli*, $25,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is to strike out the last
clause appropriating $25,000 for the repairing and
refilling of the buildings of the Naval Academy at
Annapolis; and the question is on the amendment
- to the amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. After the amendment
to the amendmentis voted upon,I propose to offer
a proviso that the academy shall not be reestab-
lished at Annapolis until the State of Maryland
has inaugurated a system of emancipation. So far
as ( am concerned, and so far as my constituents
are concerned, we are determined that neitherthe
Naval Academy nor any other governmental in-
stitution, armory, mint, or anything of that sort
that conns within the purview of Congress, shall
be leestublished in a slave State until they have
given guarantees for the future.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to tfie amendment.
Mi. SUMNER and Mr. FESSENDEN called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
imd being taken, resulted—yeas l(j, nays 22; as
follow s:
YEAS— Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Foot, Fo -
toi, I!ail\u, Uow.iid, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, Pom-
ciov, Simmon-, Sumnei, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, and YVtl-
mor—16.
NAYri—Messrs. Hiowieng, Caihlo, Clark, Coliaun-r,
Oow.m, D.ivi-;, Doolittle, Fe-'-ondou, Grinios, Hale, Ifen-
dei-mi, Kennedy, Latham. MeDougall, Nesmiih, Powell,
SauMntiv, Staik, WiHev, Wil-on oi Massachusetts, Wil
M>n of jWi-stnui, and Wright—
00 the amendment to the amendment was re-
j'(H. d.
1'Ih; PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now rceurs on the amendment of the committee.
Air. LANE, of Kan.sns. I now offer an amend-
ment to insert at the end of the words proposed to
be inserted by the committee, the following:
Pi yt id a!, ho a a rr, Thar nothing heroin ^lia!) he eon&nued
as authorzing tin' lee-tabiislunent ol the lV.ival Academy
at Auii.tpoii- until the State of Mar\ land shall have inaugu-
rated a r-jstem oi emancipation ot* all slaves vvitlun her
bOider-.
Mr. KENNEDV, and Mr. LANE of Kansas,
called for tin- yeas and nays;and they were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 suppose 1 am not very
much behind my colleague in doing what I con-
ceive to be my duty under the Constitution in ref-
erence to a question of this character; but I regard
Maryland as a loyal State in the Union, and 1 do
not si'o how I can place any restrictions upon a
loyal State. As long as Maryland is true to the
Constitution and the Union, as she always has
been pi oft ssedly-, I do not know any reason why
we sh« uld not continue along as we have hereto-
fore. 1 should be very glad to go with my colleague
on Mi's question if I could see my way constitu-
tion 'iiy, Out i cannot do it.
1 he ►*-><>en tai y p.oocedcd with the call of the
roil, wii ion disclosed tho want of a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senators
present will please to vote. The rule requires all
present to vote. The Secretary will calf the ab-
sentees.
The Secretary proceeded to call the absentees.
Mr. ANTHONY voted in the negative.
Messrs. Chandler, Johnson, King, Morrill,
Peauce, Sherman, Sumner, Thomson, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilmot, did not answer to their
names.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The rules of the Senate,
I believe, require every Senator present to answer
when his name is called. Am I right?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Suchistherule;
and the Chair has so stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] and the Senator fiom
New York [Mr. King] aie in their seats and do
not vote. I ask that the rule of the body be en-
forced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is for the
Senate to take such order as they deem best to
enforce their own rules.
Mr. KING. If the Senate will allow me, I be-
lieve there are no means of compelling anything
of the sort. I will state the reason very frankly
why I will not vote for this proposition. One half
of it is a proposition that I am in favor of 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate can
be entertained.
Mr. KING. I only wished to state that I am
opposed to one part of it, and in favor of another.
Mr. NESM1TH. Then I move that the Sen-
ator from New York be permitted to vote on both
sides. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say it is the obli-
gation of a Senator, and requires no written rule,
to be in his place and to vote upon every question
involving the public interest.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is a quorum voting,
I hope the result will he announced. We all know
thatSenators sithere everyday and do not answer
to their names.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 thought there was no
quoru m.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum has
now voted.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Well, the Senate will take
such ouler as it pleases.
The result was t.hen announced—yea 1, nays
34; as follows:
YKA—Mr. Lane of Kansas—1.
NAYrf—Anthony, Browning, Cailile, Clark, Col-
lainer, Cowan. Davis. Dixon, Doohttle, Fessendon, Foot,
Postei, Grimes, Hale, llarlan, llendeison, llowaid, Iiowc,
Kennedy, Lane ot Indiana, Latham, McDougall, Nosmith,
Potneroy, Powell, Saulsbuiy, Simmons, Staik, Ten Eyek,
Tiumimll, YVilley, Wil-on of Ma-sbadiu-jetts, Wihon of
Mt-souu, and Wught—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now occurs on the amendment of the committee.
Mr KING. I will move as additional words
to be added to this proposition a part of the prop-
osition which the Senator from Kansas submitted
which I am in favor of, and that is, providing that
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
direct the return of this academy to Annapolis.
The Senator ftom Maine alleges that that is what
is now to bu understood by the bill. It is not
clear; and I prefer that it should be clear. I was
not in favor of attaching any conditions to that
pioviso, and therefore I was m favor of one part
of it and not in favor of the other part, and no vote
which 1 could give would be divided. I am much
obliged to the Senator from Maine for giving me
an opportunity to state the reason why I did not
vote. 1 very seldom lefuse to vote, but i will not
vote both ways on a proposition or anyway that
I am not in favor of voting:.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the amendment be amended by adding :
Provided, however > That nothing herein shall be construed
a-, auihoiizmg theieestablishnicntof the Naval Academy at
Amupohs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator to
strike out "authorizing" and insert "directing."
Mr. SAULSKURY. WhatwiH be the effect of
that amendment? What inf( rence will the Secre-
tai y of ihe Navy draw from that amendment? The
Seuetaiy of the Navy will under.->tand it as ex-
pressive of the opinion of the Senate that the Na- \
val Academy ought not to be removed back to i
Annapolis. He will think the Senate, although
they nave made this appropriation for the repair
of the buildings, yet thought the Naval Academy
ought not to be carried back to Annapolis. To
that extent it is giving Newport the benefit over
Annapolis.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I can have the ear of the
Senator from New York, I think if he will sub-
stitute the word " directing" for "authorizing,"
it would be better.
Mr. KING. Certainly; I am willing to agree
to that. I wish simply to disclaim any indention
to direct the return of the school to Annapolis.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Secretary is already
authorized to do it, whether this passes or not;
but the apprehension is that this amendment o£.the
committee may be taken as directing him to do it.
Senators on the Committee on Naval Affairs say
they do not mean that it should so direct him;
they merely wish thattheamendmentshall neither
establish the Academy at one place nor at another,
but leave it as it now is, in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HALE. I no notwanttobemisunderstood
by the Senator from Rhode Island, or anybody
else. I suppose this bill, if it passes in the shape
in which the committee propose to amend it, will
leave it perfectly discretionary with the President
whether to remove the school or not. At the same
time I think he will remove it, and I think he ought
to remove it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the Senator is willing
to have it in his discretion.
Mr. GRIMES. It is in his discretion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then say so.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says that he un-
derstands the Committee on Naval Affairs are
unwilling to instruct the Secretary of the Navy to
restoie theacademy to Annapolis. I want to enter
adisclaimer on thatpomt. I want to say once for
all that I have no personal interest in any one of
those towns or in anybody connected with any
of them. I do not know a man in Newport or in
Annapolis.
Mr. HALE. Nor I.
Mr. GRIMES. I have studied this subject of
the Naval Academy,and I believe I comprehend
it as thoroughly as anybody here. I believe it to
be best for the interests of the Government and of
the service, that it should be restored to Annap-
olis; and while as a member of the committee I
have not voted for any such instruction, I desire
to say to the Senator and to the Senate and to the
country that if I had the power to do it, or if the
committee or the Senate would follow my advice,
they would do it instantly, for though we might
finally have a school established somewhere else,
at Perth Amboy or atNewport, which mightper-
haps take the place of Annapolis, yet there are
three or four geneiations of young men who will
grow up atNewport that will be comparatively
worthless to the service and td*the country while
we aie getting the other Naval Academy in the
same condition of progress that we have the one
at Annapolis.
Mr. W1LLEY. 1 should like to have the prop-
osition which is pending, stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The amendment of the Senator from New York
[Mr. King] is to amend the amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs by adding to the
words proposed to be inserted the following pro-
viso:
Prondcd, however, That nothing herein contained s-hall
be confined as directing the retetabhsliment of the Naval
Academy at Annapolis.
Mr. KING. I shall vote for this proposition
because it declares what it is alleged by gentlemen
who are in favor of the amendment proposed by
the Naval Committee is the real construction of
that amendment. I undeistand the proposition
that has come from the Naval Committee as pro-
vidingforthe return to and reestablishmentof this
academy at Annapolis; and I think the gentlemen
upon that committee have only acted frankly when
they have now, after these propositions have been
made to the Senate, declared that that is.the pur-
pose; and <ts they allege that it ough* to be so.
Mr. GRIMES. We have not said so.
Mr. KING. I understood you so.
Mr. GRIMES. I say that while I, as a mem-
ber of that committee, and as a member of this
body would do it if I had the power, yet we have
not done it, but we have left the thing exactly in
