722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
I do not know of any that
foi the support of common schools, who do not
receive the slightest benefit under heaven from
them'. I refer to the colored people here. They
are large property holders and pay large taxes,
and their children, up to this day, have not had
one cent of benefit from them. The Government
of the United States and the government of the city
of Washington have occupied for many years the
magnanimous position of taxing the colored pop-
ulation of the city to educate their own children,
and will not allow the colored children, whose par-
ents pay taxes, to be taught their A, B, C, even
by a colored person; that is, out of the revenues
which they pay. It is a gross and crying injus-
tice, and I am glad to hear my friend from Iowa
say that he means to look after it.
I am willing to put a tax upon this railroa<ybr
the support of education; but! think that even the
sum thatis no w fixed—five per cent.—is very much
too large. The gross receipts of this railroad, or
of any other railroad, will be something like three
times the net receipts. Suppose they have $200 to
divide among a set of stockholders; they will have
to receive $600 to pay $200. 1 think the returns
of the railroads generally in the country will show
that they do not divide a third of their gross re-
ceipts; that more than two thirds of the receipts
are taken up*in repairs and expenses.
Mr. GRIMES. That may be so of railroads
propelled by steam; but I will ask the Senator if
he knows of any horse railroad that docs not pay ?
I have heard it said that this road and that road
did not pay, that the Chesnut street road in Phil-
adelphia did not pay, and certain other roads did
not pay, and I took the trouble to inquire into it. I
had friends who were stockholders in it, and I went
to them and inquired about it, and found, after a
long investigation, that they all paid upon the
amount they cost, although the stock had been
watere.d so that it did not pay very libeially upon
its nominal price.
Mr. HALE. Let me ask my friend, who seems
to have investigated the subjoct, whether any rail-
road, horse or steam, divides one third of the gross
receipts in profit?
Mr. GRIMES.
does.
Mr. HALE. I do not think you will find one
on the face of the earth that does.
Mr. GRIMES. We do not propose any such
thing ag"that.
Mr. HALE. Then why put a gross tax of
five per cent, on the whole cost, including what
the company has to pay for buying horses, grain,
and all their expenses?
Mr. GRIMES, This is on the gross receipts.
Mr. HALE. I know it is on the gross receipts;
but the gross receipts must be applied to pay the
expenses of the road first. If not, then it will be
like buying ships at a commission of two and a
half percent, and saying the commission cost us
nothing. The gross receipts, in the first place,
are eaten up by the expenses, by purchasing
horses, by ihe feed of horses, by the hiring of
men, drivers, collectors, &c. They have all to be
compensated out of the gross receipts of the road.
This bill proposes to tax these gross receipts, the
money that is to bo applied to pay all these men,
five per cent, for the public schools. I think it is
altogether too much—vastly too much. It will
amount to at least twenty per cent, on (ho net ie-
ceipts of the road, and I think even higlur than
that.
Mr. CLARK. If my colleague will allow me,
I agree with him the amountfixed is too high: hut
would it not be better to lower the amount of tax
on the gross receipts instead of taking it out of
the net receipts ?
Mr. HALE. I am not certain that it would not.
I would be willing to do that; and if my friend
from Iowa, fiom whom I always differ with great
diffidence, will insert thiee per cent, on the gross
receipts, I will say no more about it; and 1 think
we will get more m that way than this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the dutv of the Chair
to call up the special order, which is the unfinished
business of Friday last.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the special order
be postponed in order to dispose of this bill. We
shall soon finish it.
Mr. MORRILL. What is the unfinished bus-
iness ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is Senate bill N.o.
175, to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes.
. Mr. GRIMES. There are some Senators, who
are absent at present, who take an interest in that
bill. The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
and the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] I
understand, desire that it shall be passed over
until they are able to be here. I therefore move
that it be postponed for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to postpone the special order, in order
to continue the business now before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall assent to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, and
adopt three per cent., if that be agreeable to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kansas withdraw his motion?
Mr. POMEROY. I am aware that ten per cent,
on the gross earnings of this road will probably
be more than its entire net earnings; and as the
bill stood, requiring the stockholders to build a
road and appropriate the entire net earnings to
the support of the public schools, I thought it
was more than could be expected from them. I
think that three per cent, of the gross earnings
will make a larger school fund than almost any
other city has. I shall not insist, however, on
my amendment; and if the committee will accept
an amendment, making it three per cent, on the
gross receipts, I will withdraw my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is withdrawn; and if no further amend-
ment be offered, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.'
Mr. HALE. Is this tax now put down at three
per cent, in the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to reconsider the
vote by which five per cent, was inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to re-
consider is not in order in committee. It can be
reached in the Senate by non-concurring in the
amendment, and inserting another proposition.
Mr. HALE. I have looked over this bill; but
I do not see any provision made that the company
shall report their doings annually to anybody. I
believe all railroads incorporated by State Legis-
latures, whether horse or steam roads, are re-
quired to report their doings annually to the Legis-
lature,and I propose the following as an additional
section to the bill:
JLn&hc it further cnactcd, That the oorpoiation hereby
created shall, on the fiist Monday in Dcecinhei hi each
year, make a report or their doings to Cougie&s.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend the bill in
line thirty-three of the first section by striking out
the word " or" and inserting " and." As the bill
now stands, it is optional with the company
whether they will build the road from Boundary
street, north, to the Potomac. As it now stands,
they arc obliged to build a road, commencing at
Boundary street, north, running down Seventh
street to the Pennsylvania avenue, or to the Poto-
mac. I wish to make it imperative, and therefore
move to strike out the word "or" and insert
" and.5}
The amendment was agreed to
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on concurring in all the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, saving the one
relating to tho rate of tax in the third section.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendment to insert "five"
per cent, instead of " ten " per cent., as the rate
of taxation.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate non-
eoncur in the amendment made as m Committee
of the Whole to the third section.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the word
"tm," in the first line of the third section be
stricken out, and the word " three " inserted in
place of it; so that this tax shall be three per cent,
on the gross receipts of the roads.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading:, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by theirtitles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 114) authorizing floats to issue in
satisfaction of claims against the United States
for lands sold by them within the Las Ormigas
and La Nana grants, in the State of Louisiana—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 183) to provide for the settlement
of the accounts of John A. Smith, clerk of the
circuit court and criminal court of the District of
Columbia—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. WILSON, af Massachusetts, submitted
the following report;
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on tile amendment to the bill (II. R. No.
16.j) making an appiopriation for completing the defenses
of Washington, and tor othei purposes, having met, after
full and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their re&pective Houses as follows:
That the House a^rree to the amendment of the Senate,
disagreed to by the House, with the following amendment:
Strike out all of section three, and insert the following in
lieu theieof:
Sec. 3. Jlndbc it further enacted, That no volunteers or
militia from any State or 'feretory shall be mustered into
the service of the United States on any terms or conditions
confining their services to the limits of such State or Ter-
ritory, or their vicinities, beyond the number of ten thou-
sand in the State of Missouri, and four thousand five hun
died in the State of Marylandjlieretoforeauthorized by the
President of the United States or Secretary of War to be
raised in said States. HENRY WILSON,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
J. B. HENDERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
FRANK P. BLAIR. Jr.,
FRANCIS THOMAS,
JOHN HICKMAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that report ought
not to be concurred in without consideration, at
any rate. If I understand it, it provides for ten
thousand troops in the State of Missouri, and
some four or five thousand, if I heard it correctly,
in the State of Maryland, that are to be raised
upon different terms than troops in other portions
of the United States are raised. It seems to me
that all these forces should be upon the same foot-
ing. I should like to know the conditions on
which the ten thousand men are raised in Mis-
souri. I should like to know in what respect the
militia there to be raised—these ten thousand—
.jdiffer from the ordinary volunteers. There is no
law, as I understand it, for the raising of these ten
thousand men. To whom are they subject? As
I have imperfectly heard the report of the confer-
ence committee read, it provides that no more
shall be raised except the ten thousand that have
already been raised. How are they raised? How
are they officered ? How long are they to serve ?
Who pays them? Is there any law for this? If
we are going to sanction it, ought there not to be
some provision of law by which these troops arc
to be regulated and governed ? Perhaps there is;
but I certainly should like to have some inform-
ation on that subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
in response to the question of the Senator from
Illinois, that the President of the United States
made an arrangement with the Governor of Mis-
souri some months ago to raise a body of men in
that State lor the purpose of protection and de-
fense. The general officers were to be selected by
the President; but the Governor of the State was
to appoint the field and company officers of the
several regiments. Under this arrangement the
Governor of Missouri has raised nearly ten thou-
sand men, and they are now in the service of the
State or of the country, and it was believed by
some members of the committee of conference that
it would not do to disband this foice now in the
field
The object of introducing the original amend-
mentinto the bill was to break up the arrangement
between the President and the Governor of Mis-
souri. I had the impression that it would cost the
country several millions of dollars, and that no
such arrangement ought to be made or ought to
be continued, and the original amendment pro-
posed to disband all the forces that had been raised
underany such arrangement. But, sir, m the com-
mittee of conference, where both the Senate and
House of Representatives were represented by
gentlemen who understand the condition of affairs
m Missouri, they were very anxious at any rate
