1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aprii 2±,
to have cost. He was admonished by the Sec-
retary ofWar to expendno more money on these
fortifications. He is told that all of the money is
to be applied to the current expenses of the war.
In defiance oft hese instructions, without any esti-
mate to show that this man was entitled to it,
without any proof that anything was due to Beard,
he draws arbitrarily another order for $60,000
more. And 1 believe that he made another draft
for $30,000. Then if all of his drafts have been
honored, there will have been $230,000 paid for
building these five forts, when it was sworn be-
fore the committee that five larger ones were built
for §60,000. Suppose it was a mistake; suppose
they cost more; suppose the laborers are yet to
be paid: that does not get rid of the discrepancy
in this case.
Here is a monstrous discrepancy, and here was
apaymentof money upon a principle which would
bankrupt any nation m the world. Think of it!
Here was a work undertaken that it was supposed
would cost $60,000 or $100,000, or I do not care
how much, and in defiance of the rules and arti-
cles of war requiring no money to be paid except
upon vouchers furnished, large sums of money
were advanced to the contractor, all upon the mere
ipse dixit of the contractor that he wanted the
money ! If, sir, the friends of Mr. Fremont wish
him to lie under this imputation they mistake their
duty and their obligations to him. If he was just-
ified in making those drafts for that payment, then
a court of law and a jury of his country will so
find, and he will stand exonerated before the
world. If, on the other hand, there was no just-
ification for those drafts,and for this expenditure
ofmoney, the Government has a just claim against
those men who obtained it, and we are derelict in
our duty if we do not take measures to secure it.
What, in the name of Heaven, is the use of our
sending a roving commission over the country to
ferret out frauds and to expose waste, if, when
waste is exposed, we do not adopt means to rem-
edy it.
Sir, in my humble opinion, we make ourselves
particeps emiinis if, with these facts staring us in
our faces, based upon testimony of the positive
character that this seems to be, we refuse to take
measures to right the wrong. Let no tenderness
for the reputation of any man stand between us
and a rigid performance of our duty In protecting
the Treasury of our country against peculation.
JSvery man has his friends, and few more than
John C. Fremont, I do not believe that another
man lives in the United States of America who
could have made these drafts and escaped—not
one. I know his hold upon the people of the
country. I know how strongly the affections of
the people are wound around him. I know how
difficult it is to make men believe that ho is any-
thing but a pure, upright man, who, in places of
trust, will guard the interests committed to his
charge. Long I entertained that opinion of him.
I continued to entertain it through all the charges
made against him of military incompetence, until
I saw this testimony; and I say now that this
testimony stands and must stand against him until
an investigation shall be had. If he is innocentand
has a justification, then he suffers nothing by atrial
before a jury of ins country. I ask that for him
and for the Treasury of the country. I ask it that
it may be a barrier against future peculation. I
ask it in the name of simple, common justice. I
ask it with a view to damage no one. I ask it be-
cause it is right. I ask it because no apology has
yet been offered for this act. Suppose he did,
after fie had made those enormous drafts, tell Mr.
McKinstry to fix the prices at the rate ho thought
right, that does not justify the making of tiie
drafts. The mischief had been done before. Enor-
mous sums had been abstracted from the Treas-
ury before he ever thus acted. No excuse was
made. No other evidence lias ever been brought
to light to show that even under the prices fixed
by McKinstry, which it is supposed guided Fre-
mont afterwards; there is no evidence which
shows that, even at those rates, Heard is entitled
to another cent under the contract. From what
I have heard descriptive of the amountof earth in
these works, there can be no approach to such an
amount due him, and Fremont's drafts for some-
thing like one hundred thousand dollars, remain
yet dishonored. Let us measure this work; let
us have a trial, and see what is due. [f the con- i
tractor has been overpaid, let us get back the sur-
plus; if he has not been paid enough, let us be
honest and pay what is due. That is all I ask.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, there is one thing
that I can say for the enemies of General Fre-
mont, and that is, that they exhibit a persistency
in their malignity that is worthy of a far better
cause. Why slept the thunder of the gentleman
from New York during the five months that Con-
gress has been in session?
Mr. DIYEN. The gentleman will allow me to
correct him. This resolution was introduced by
me the very day that I read the report of the com-
mittee, and I have been watching for its turn ever
since. I have not the knowledge of the rules that
the gentleman from Indiana has, and which might
have enabled me to have brought it forward at an
earlier day.
Mr. COLFAX. The explanation is poorer than
if the gentleman had answered with silence. He
was a prominent member of the New York State
Senate before he came here, and must have been
familiar with parliamentary rules. We have had
opportunities forgeneral debate often in this Hall
during this session, and he has had ample oppor-
tunities to make the speech which he has made
here to-day; but the gentleman waits, as the en-
emies of Fremont did last fall, until he has taken
the field in front of the enemies of his country,
and then comes into the Council Chamber of the
nation and strikes his arrows at his back. I ask
you, in the name of common justice, if it is not
time to leave this man alone until the end of the
war, and then punish him, if you will, if he can
be proven guilty, until the malignity of the gen-
tleman from New York is sated to its fullest
extent.
The gentleman said a few moments ago that
when he read the report of the committee, he made
up his mind against Fremont. I met him in the
city of New York before the evidence had been
published officially, and when he had seen noth-
ing but the telegraphic dispatches about it which
were sent over the wires, and he told me then that
he had lost confidence in Fremont. That was
before Congress met, and before the committee
laid their report before this House, and was based
upon mere newspaper statements.
Mr. DIVEN. Does the gentleman say that I
said anything of the kind ?
Mr. COLFAX. I do. I thought the gentle-
man was listening to me; but 1 will repeat what
I said. I say that before Congress met, and be-
fore the committee made their report, I met the
gentleman in the city of New York, and he told
me then that he had lost all confidence in Fremont.
Mr. DIVEN. I have no recollection of meet-
ing the gentleman there.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir; it was at the St.
Nicholas hotel. I remember exactly the place
where we discussed the matter. I am sorry the
gentleman's recollection does not accord with
mine, for I am positive about it.
Now, sir, if the gentleman from New York de-
sired to put this man at the bar of a criminal court
for trial, why did he not seek the opportunity, by
appealing to the President, or the Cabinet, or to
Congress, when General Fremont was not in
active command against the enemies of his coun-
try ?
Mr. DIVEN. I did.
Mr. COLFAX. Why did he not use his po-
tential influence in this House to demand that
investigation? Whydid he waituntil now,seek-
ing, as it were, to make him appear a criminal be-
fore the countiy, to rob him of his influence in
the department assigned to him by the President,
and to destroy the confidence of his soldiers and
of the people in him, by digging up again the old
story about the fortifications at St. Louis, un-
earthing it here, and attempting to clothe it with
sufficient dignity to take Geneial Fremont away
from his troops, and put him upon his defense?
Mr. DIVEN. I do not propose a criminal
proceeding, but a suit at law.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman does make him
a criminal. A proceeding of this sort, indorsed
by the American Congress, would virtually brand
him as a criminal.
I expressed myself fully as to this fortification
contract six weeks a^o, in the debate between the
gentleman from Missouri and myself, when Gen-
eral Fremont was not in an active command. I
said then that I believed the terms of this contract
were extravagant. J told the friends of Fremont
so because I believed it, and because I would not
vindicate him at the expense of my own convic-
tions and my own conscience. I think that too
much money has been paid to these men, more
than ought to have been paid them. But there are
two things to be mentioned in palliation. In the
first place,unlike other contracts for which money
has been taken out of the Treasury, and from
which no substantial benefit resulted to the coun-
try, there was something substantial, in a military
point of view, resulting from this. And let me
tell the gentleman from New York, that when he
goes home to his constituents and talks to them
in opposition to Fremont, they will tell him that
they would rather see money taken out of the
Treasury, even extravagantly, for fortifications,
than see it taken for contracts of other kinds with
which other departments have been connected,
and in regard to which the gentleman seeks no in-
vestigation and no trial before a court at the hands
of the Attorney General. Everywhere else, in
every other department, mistakes that have been
made in the purchase of horses, clothing, and other
supplies, have been leniently treated—the public
making allowances for the haste with which things
had often to be done, thb vast amount of business
devolved on their heads, the unprepared condition
of the country, and the fact that our governmental
machinery was intended for peace and not for war.
But with Fremont it has been different. Every
possible attack has been made on him, and no
allowances made for his exigencies.
1 think, Mr. Speaker, that the price paid for
these fortifications was extiavagant; but look at
the circumstances undei which they were con-
tracted for. Fremont was about leaving St. Louis
with his army in pursuit of Price, seeking to rid
the State of Missouri of the scoundrels who had
brought it into insurrection, and to icstore it to
loyalty. Me knew thatSt. Louis was threatened,
not only by attack from without, if his line at the
south or southwest could be broken through, but
was also threatened by secessionists in St. Louis.
I saw even the other day that so much disloyalty
still exists there, that guards had to be placed
around the lesidences of women in St. Louis who
moved in what arc called " respectable circles,"
because, when the sick and wounded soldiers from
Pittsbuig Landing came up, with captured rebel
sohliers, these women waved flags and handker-
chiefs from their windows, and hurrahed for Jdf
Davis. Fremont, knowing that he was about to
leave the city, and to start with his army on a long
and difficult march, thought it necessary to have
fortifications erected, as speedily as possible, to
defend St. Louis from foes without and foes with-
in. Without hesitating sufficiently to drive a hard
bargain, and to try and save as many sixpences
as possible, he made this contract. He felt that he
would save more money to the Government by
dispensing with the necessity of leaving a large
numbcrof men to defend St. Louis than he would
by erecting these fortifications. Remember that
one man behind fortifications is worth half a dozen
men without them, for the defense of a city; and
then estimate the saving in the pay of the soldiers
who could thus be dispensed with, and let that be
offset against this "extravagance." I agree with
the gentleman from New York in this one thing,
that the price paid fortius work was too high.
But, sir, the army of the Potomac has cost
§,500,000,000, and has not yet chased the enemy
as far as the army of Fremont did. It has cost
neatly as much to take the army of the Potomac
down to Fortiess Monroe and Yorktown—which,
I presume, knowing nothing about military strat-
egy, must be the best movement that can be made,
though I much preferred what is understood to
have been the President's preferred plan—as the
whole expense of the " hundred days of Fremont
in Missouii." I think that if the gentleman from
New York desires to punish General Fremont, he
ought, at least, to wait till the war is over, and
then appear and act as prosecuting attorney on
behalf of the United States.
The gentleman from New York says that any
other man but Fremont would have gone down
under the attacks made upon him. In that I con-
cur with the gentleman. I think it is true. I think
that if these poisoned arrows had been showered
on any other general than Fremont he would have
gone down under them. General Fremont was
attacked thiough the telegraph, attacked through
^ommiitee.s, without having an opportunity to
