226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23;
31th Cong.... 2d Sess. "Indemnity for the Past and Security for the Future—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
course between tlie individual inhabitants of the United
States and foreign nations and the Indian tribe*, which
require the inteipobition of any taw; but the powers of
war are all regulated by the laws of nations, and are sub-
ject to no other limitation*" * * * •* "It was
upon this principle that I voted against the lesolution re-
ported by the slavery committee,i that Congress possesses
no constitutional authority to interfere in any way with
the institution of slavery in any of the States of this con-
federacy t<> which lesolution most of those with whom
1 usually concur in this Hou^e gave their assent. I do not
admit that tlicie is, even among the peace powers of Con-
gress, nosueh aulliouty ; but in wanherc are many ways
by which Congress not only have the authority, but art-
bound to inteifeie with the institution of slavery in the
States. The existing law prohibiting the importation of
slaves into the United States from foieign countries is itself
an interference with the institution of slavery in the States.
It was so consideied by the founders of the Constitution
of the United States, in which it was stipulated that Con-
gress should not interfere in that way with the institution
prior to the year 1808."
He then goes on to show how the war power
may be used:
" But the war power of Congress over the institution of
slavery in the States is yet far more extensive. Suppose
the case of a servile war, complicated, as to some extent
it is even now, with an Indian war; suppose Congress
were called to uu'se airnies, to supply money from the whole
Union to suppress a servile insurrection: would they have
no authouty to interfere with the institution of slavery;
The issue of a ^civile war may be disastrous; it may hr-
come necessary for the master of the slave to recognize his
emancipation by a treaty of peace ; can it for an instant tic
pretended UiatCougres*, in such a contmgcncy, would have
no authoiity to interfere with the institution of slavery in
any way in tlie Stales.-' Why, it would be equivalent to
saying that Congress have no constitutional power to make
peace, 1 suppose a more pot lentous e:ne, certainty within
the bounds ot possibility—1 would to God I could say not
within the bounds of piobability."
After concluding this part of his argument, he
points out with prophetic words the danger of a
civil and servile war, and of the southefn States
becoming; " the battle-field upon which the last
great conflict will be fought between slavery and
emancipation." He says:
Ci I)o you imagine that your Congress will have no con-
stitutional authority to interfere with the institution of sla-
very, in any way. in the States of this Cont'edeiacy ? Sir,
they must and will mterfete with it—perhaps to sustain it
by warperhaps to abolish it by treaties of peace; and they
will not only po^e^* the constitutional power so to inter-
file, but they will be hound in duty to do it by the cxpiess
provisions ot the Constitution itsell. From the instant that
your blavclioUUug State* become the theater of war, civil,
servile, or foreign, lrom that instant the war powers of
Congress extend to interference with the institution of sla-
very in eveiy way by which it can be interfered with,
lrom a elnltu of indemnity for slaves taken or destrojed
to the cp.ssion of a State burdened with slavery to a foreign
Power." b
If the laws of war laid down by Mr. Adams be
the admitted laws of war, then, under the war
power, Congress may not only confiscate the prop-
erty of rebws and emancipate their slaves, but it
may do any act which the laws of war, as recog-
nized by civilized nations, will permit, to crush out
this rebellion and restore the Union. Blackstone
says:
« The muural justice of forfeiture or confiscation of prop-
erty for treason is founded in this consideration: that he
who ha* thus violated the fundamental principles of govern-
ment, and broken his part of the original contract between
king and people, h ath abandoned kti connection vnth society,
and hath no longer any light to those advantages which
before belonged to lum puieiy as a member of the commu-
nity.'1
Professor Martens, in his work on the Law of
Nations, in treating of this subject, says that 
" Tficcomjueior ha* a right to mm'/coii the property of the
enemy, whether movable or immovable. The*e seizures
may be made, fust, m order to obtain what he demands us
his due or equivalent; secondly, to defray the expenses of
the war; thirdly, to force the enmny loan equitable peace ;
lourthly, to deter him, or by reducing his- strength to hinder
him, from repeating in fututtj the injuries which have been
the cause of the war."
When the United States were engaged in a war
with Mexico, in 1846, Mr.Marcy, who was then
Secretary of War, declared that 
"Jin invadins army hail the unquestioned right to drawits
supplies from the enemy without payine, for them, and to re-
git!/ c aininhutions for Us mppoi t, and thus make the enemv
fuel the weight of thenar*"
Judge Sprngue, in his learned opinion in the
case ot the Amy Warwick, decided in the United
States disti ict coui t for the distiict of Massachu-
setts in February last, says:
" In war c.ich bell igerpnt may seize and confiscate all the
propeity of the enemy whetever found, and this mlit ex-
tends to the property of all peisons resident in the enemv's
country." *
Our right to confiscate the property and eman-
cipate the slave of a public enemy being conceded,
it seems to me that justice demands that we use the
power to the fullest extent, so as to secure<{ indem-
nity for the past and security for the future."
the justice of confiscation.
The war power of Congress under the Consti-
tution being then authoritatively settled, I now
proceed to consider very briefly the justice of the
proposed confiscation acts.
Mr. Speaker, it appears to me that justice de-
mands, while we are taxing tlie loyal citizens of
the nation, to pay the expense of putting down
this formidable rebellion, we should use all the
power we possess to compel the rebels to pay their
proportion of the expense. This would seem to
be the least that even the rebels themselves could
ask. If a combination of citizens, enter into a
conspiracy against the Government, they take
upon themselves all the consequences of their
rebellious acts, and if they fail, it does not lie
with them to complain of the action of the Gov-
ernment against which they rebelled. Having
established a rebellious and traitorous govern-
ment, in open violation of the Constitution, which
declares that—
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land, and
the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in tlie constitution or laws of any State to the contraiy not-
withstanding."
And it further provides that—
" No State shall enter into any tieat.v, alliance, 01 con-
federation, giant letters of mat que and reprisal, coin moiipy,
emit bills ot credit, make anything but sold and silver coin
a tender in payment of debts, pass any bill ot attainder, ex
pott facto law, 01 law impairing the obligation of contracts,
or giant any letters of nobility.'"
The third clause of the same section declares
that—
"No State shall, without the eon&cntof Congress, lay
any duty of tonnage, keep troops or &hips of war m time of
peace, enter into any agieement or compact with another
State or with a foreiqn Power, or engage in war unless
actually invaded or in such imminent danger as will not
admit of delay."
And thelegally constituted officers of the rebellious
States having violated every one of these provis-
ions, and expelled all the civil and military officers
of the United States, and declared war against the
UnitedStates, there is no way in which the dis-
loyal citizens of States thus guilty «an be reached
except by our Army, under the rules of war, and
they cannot honorably complain if, after invok-
ing the arbitrament of the sword, they find that
" they who use the sword shall perish by the
sword," and that as a punishment for their crimes
their property is confiscated, and their slaves
emancipated.
loyal people demand confiscation and eman-
cipation.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that both Congress and
the President will have the courage, in this hour
of trial, to meet these questions as become states-
men, and boldly exercise whatever power the Con-
stitution provides for our safety and deliverance.
If the voice of the loyal people could be heard in
this Hall to-night, it would demand of the Gov-
ernment that it strike the rebels in their most vul-
nerable point; it would demand that we should
confiscate their property and emancipate their
slaves. The people of this country are eminently
a practical people, and they cannot comprehend
the cause of our hesitertion and inaction. They
demand that we shall weaken the enemy by all
means which the laws of war will justify. They
demand that we shall deprive every slave-master
ot his slave, upon whose labor both he and his
family subsist; that we shall take his property
and declare his rights as a citizen forfeited. They
know that if we wish to strike a fatal blow at the
very heart of the rebellion, and conquer a speedy
and enduring peace, if we wish to go to the very
root of the evil and make a like rebellion impos-
sible hereafter, that wherever we have the con-
stitutional power we will destroy slavery utterly
and forever. J
state rebellion state treason.
rM?^ll0n0ra^? Massachusetts,
J- J-Homas,] m his speech on the 10th of April
m speaking of the relation of the States to the
national Government, said " that their life was
one;" that" the body is one, and hath many mem-
bers, and all the members of that body, being
many, are one body." The argument of the hon-
orable gentleman,as I understand it, is this: that
if, from any cause, one or more of the State gov-
ernments should cease permanently to exercise
their functions, or become a part of another gov-
ernment, a dissolution of the Union and destruc-
tion of the national Government by this act would
be accomplished, because one or more of the mem-
bers had ceased to beapartof the body. In other
words, the life of both national and State Gov-
ernments being one, the death of a State govern-
ment would necessarily be the death of the na-
tional Government.
I dissent from this theory, and am gratified to
know that the Administration is not governed by
it. I embrace, rather, the doctrine declared by
John Q,uincy Adams in the speech from which!
have quoted, that the "national Government may
cede-a State burdened with slavery to a foreign
Power," without destroying the Government of
the United States.
Sir, if it becomes necessary, to save the life of
the nation, under the war power you may arrest
the Legislatures of sovereign States, as the Pres-
ident has done; may depose Governors of States
and appoint new ones, as the President has done,
without incurring the censure of Congress, or, so
far as I know, of a single loyal member of it. I
adopt, in all its length and breadth, the position
of the distinguished Senator from my own State,
Hon. Benjamin F. Wade,when he declared that—
" As uo jurist has yet undertaken to define the limits to
which a man iniL'Ut go in the honest defense ofliis life when
availed.so no statesman would undeitaketo limit Lhe pow-
eis that the Government might u e to preset ve it* life when
assailed by tiaitors. I dely the gentleman to make an ar-
gument worthy of the name ngaintt that proposition.53
I do not design, Mr. Speaker, at this time to
enter into a lengthy discussion of the power of a
State to commit suicide by rebellion and levying
war on the national Government. I reserve that
for consideration until the question comes before
us of providing temporary civil governments for
the safety and |>rotection of loyal citizens while
engaged in the work of reconstructing their State
governments. I think it proper, however, in this
connection to refer to an important historical fact.
I quote from the proceedings of the convention
which framed the national Constitution. Luther
Martin, a delegate from Maryland, offered the
following provision:
"That no act or acts done by one or more of tlie States
agairibt the United States, or by any citizen of any one of
tlie United States, under tlie authouty of one or moie of the
said States, shall be deemed treason, or 'punished as such;
but, in ease of war being levied by one or more of the States
against the United States, the eonduet ot eaeii party totraids
the othei, and their adherents lespectively, shall" be legu-
lated by the laws ot war and of nations."
Had this provision been adopted as part of the
Constitution of the United States, it is clear that
the citizens of no State could have been punished
for treason against the United States when obey-
ing the laws and ordinances of their own States;
and if the United States could notpunish the trea-
son cither of a State or the citizens of a State,
practically that which we call a national Gov-
ernment would be no Government at all, but a
mere voluntary confederation between sovereign
States, to be broken at the pleasure of any one
ot the parties whenever in the estimation of the
other the contract has been violated, the party be-
lieving itself wronged claiming the right to judge
of the infraction of said compact, and to determ-
ine for itself its own action. The very fact that
the proposition was voted down is the best evi-
dence that the convention intended to leave the
States, as well as the people of the States, in case
of rebellion, just where I claim the Constitution
has left the subject, to the Government and con-
trol of Congress. The Constitution empowers
Congress to punish treason, and requires it to see
that each State has secured to it a republican
form of Government. Shall we discharge this
duty, by punishing traitors and securing to the
loyal citizens of the rebel States governments re-
publican in foim. I trust we shall.
I cannot forbear, in passing, to quote a para-
graph from the excellent speech of the able chair-
man of the committee on confiscation touching this
subject. It is full of meaning, and will afford food
tor serious reflection to all the opponents of these
