1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
defend himself. There has been committee after
committee spreading ex parte evidence before the
country and the world, without ever saying to
him, " Here arc charges against you: have you
any explanation to make? If so, come before us,
and you shall have an opportunity to vindicate
yourself. You can look these witnesses in the eye,
can cross-examine them, and can bring forward
witnesses, if you please, to explain these things if
they are susceptible of explanation." Instead of
that, these ex parte reports have been spread be-
fore the country, and General Fremont has not
had that opportunity which the humblest man in
the land should have to defend himself. All this
was done, just as if the charges were unanswera-
ble, undisputed, and as if there could be no expla-
nation.
I saw the other day a report made by a gentle-
man whose services to the country I esteem, and
whom personally I have admired—I allude to Hon.
Joseph Holt, of Kentucky—condemning Fremont
for forcing the banks of St. Louis to supply money
for his army, and declaring positively that no ex-
planation of it had ever been given by him. If Mr.
Holt had read the letter of General Fiemont to
the President of the United States at that time,
published, too, nearly a month before his report
was, he would have found a full explanation ofit.
He would have seen that General Fremont told
the President that he had no money to pay his
troops, that they were in a state of mutiny, and
that the only way to procure money was to get
it out of the sub-Treasury, or force a loan out of
the secession banks of St. Louis. As I under-
stand, the President never dissented from the views
expressed by GcneralFremontin that letter; never
said that he should not resort to such means.
Having thus notified the highest officer of the
Government of his reasons, he obtained the money
in this way; and now Mr. Holt comes out and
says that no explanation of the act has ever been
made, and on that erroneous statement of his own
proceeds to condemn him. Here is the proof of
what I assert, in a letter from Fremont to the Pres-
ident, July 30,1861:
il Our troops have not been paid, ami some regiments are
in a state of mutiny, and the men whose term of service is
expued generally iefuse to enlist. I lost a fine regiment
laU night from inability to pay them a portion of the money
due. This regiment had been intended to move on a aiticul
post last night. The Treasurer of the United States has
Ix-re $-300,000 entirely unappropriated. I applied to lutn
vottmlay lor $100,000 for my Paymaster General Andrew*,
but wih icfused. We have not an hour tor delay. There
aie thiee combes open to me. One, t<> let the enemy pos-
se^ himself of some of the strongest points in the State,
and thioaten St. Louis, which is insurrectionary. Second.
To torce a loan from secession banks 1iere. Tlllld.
To um* tiie money belonging to the Government which is
in the Treasury here. Of eouise, I will neither lose the
State nor permit the enemy a foot of advantage. I have
minted energy and activity into the department, andtheie
is ii thorough good spuit in offieeis and mm. This morn-
ing I will order the Treasurer to deliver the money in his
pox-.e-^ion to General Andimvs, and will send a lorce to
ihe Tie.i&uiy to take the money, and will direct « uch pay-
ment* a-s the exigency requires. I will hazaul everything for
the defense of the department you have confided to tne, and I
tiust to you for suppoit
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow me a remark ?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. Ill view of the facts just
mentioned by the gentleman from Indiana, it oc-
cuis to me that that gentleman, who is the iriend
of General Fremont, ought to deni re, by a 11 means,
that General Fremont should now have an oppor-
tunity of comma; before a court of justice and
proving that he has not embezzled public money,
that 111?has not taken money without warrant of
law, that he has acted justly and honestly and
patriotically in those matters wherein so much
fraud is imputed to hini by this investigatingcom-
mittee. 1 understand that that is virtually ^tlie
proposition made by the gentleman fiom New
York, [Mr. Diven.] It occurs to me that the last
thing which thefiiendsof General Fiemontshnuld
do, who have heretofore complainfil that investi-
gation was stifled, and that he was deprived of
bunging witnesses before the committee to prove
his innocence, is to object to a process by whieh^
he would be enabled to appear before a court of
justice and defend himself from these charges.
Mr. COLFAX. My friend from Kentucky has
been rather long ill stating Ins point, but 1 will
answer him very briefly. He, like myself, has
confidence in the President of the United States.
The President is the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy. He makes generals and he un-
makes them. He puts some up, and puts others
down. On charges made against Fremont he de-
posed him. From evidence submitted by that
general before the committee on the conduct of
the war, the President, as I understand, and as I
presume from his act, has become satisfied that
these charges were not worthy the dignity he first
supposed they were entitled to. A. tall events he has
reinstated General Fremont, and has intrusted him
with an important command. From that I think
he is satisfied with the vindication of General Fre-
mont. And I have not heard that anybody, even
Fremont's bitterest enemy, ever charged him with
embezzling a dollar of the public money for his
benefit.
The, gentleman from Kentucky will allow me
to say further, in all kindness, that the friends of
General Fremont—of whom I claim to be one—
need hardly be expected to look to those who
are inimical to him for suggestions as to what
justice requires at their hands. The gentleman
from Now York told us a little while ago that the
friends of General Fremont ought to have de-
manded his trial. So they might, if there were
any substantial charges affecting his honesty prop-
erly brought, upon which an impartial hearing
could be expected; but not upon such a resolution
as this, offered by a gentleman who, in his speech
advocating it, prejudges the case and condemns
the man he attacks before trial.
Mr. DIVEN. If the gentleman will allow me,
I want to refer in this connection to a remark used
some time ago by the gentleman from Indiana. I
desire to disclaim most expressly what I under-
stood the gentleman to impute to me, and which I
presume the gentleman intends now to impute to
me, that is, malice. Now, in God's name, how
can I entertain malice to a man who is an entire
stranger to me?
Mr. COLFAX. I am glad to know the gentle-
man docs not. I supposed from the introduction
of this resolution and the speech he has made upon
it to-day, that he did entertain hostile feelings to-
wards General Fremont,
Mr. DIVEN. No, sir; I expressly disclaim
any such sentiment or feeling. When this reso-
lution was introduced, General Fremont was not
employed at all in the field, nor was he in thesei-
vice of the country at all, and I proposed this as
the most practicable method I could devise of ob-
taining an impartial investigation.
Inasmuch, however, as the circumstances aie
now e.hanged in that respect, I would not be will-
ing to do anything that should take him from his
official duties or to embarrass him in command.
I will, therefore, if I have the opportunity, so
amend the resolution as to leave out the name of
General Fremont altogether, leaving the suit to
be prosecuted against Mr. Beard, who has pock-
eted the money, and that he shall receive all that
his contract, whatever it is, would allow him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman from New
t Yoik will allow me to say one word.
| Mr. COLFAX. I am upon the floor, and do not
like to five away all the* brief hour I am entitled to.
Mr.LOVEJOY. Just one, word.
Mr. COLFAX. Well, go ahead.
Mr. LOVE JOY. The gentleman from New
York thinks it is utterly impossible that he should
entertain any such feeling as malice, and supposes
there can be'no reason for entertaining any such
sentiment on his part. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man will remember that Juno entertained malice
towards the Trojans anil towards their stern god-
desses, because her charms had been once reje. ted.
Now, the gentleman may have some similar lca-
son for denviii" that he entertains malice.
Mi. DIVEN. I would like very much to h.ne
the gentleman make theapplieation of his allusion.
1 really cannot comprehend it.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I recommend the gentleman
to study Vngil.
Mr. DIVEN. I am afraid it is rather late in the
day to commence my classical education. [Laugh-
tUMi\ COLFAX. I am veiy much gratified to
loam that the effect of wliul i have said has halt
converted the irentieninii from New York, as 1
perceive it has done, so far as to induce him to
strike out half h,s resolution, the part reterimg
to the gencial at whom Ins speech was aimed.
Now, if the gentleman will go a little furthei
and stuke out the other lmlf, I think it will
secure a pretty unanimous vote of the House-
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to allow
me for a moment. I do not want to make any
speech, but I wish to say a word particularly upon
this point. It does seem to me that when this
perepatetic inquisitorial committee has finished its
perigrinationa over the country, done up its work,
got all its victims into the cell, and tortured them
with thumb screws down there as much as it de-
sires, it then ought to follow the practice of the
old Spanish inquisition, bring them all out en
masse and have one general auto da fe, instead of
bringing them otitpiece-meal every week, and first
torture the victim by burning off one hand, then
sending him back,then bringinghim outand burn-
ing the stump, and then burning off the other hand.
I am tired of this protracted torture. I want to see
them all brought out, burned up at once, and have
the thing done. [Laughter.] I think it is ex-
ceedingly inopportune, when these generals are
now in the field in the face of the enemy, to be
continually bringing up these cases and hounding
down these men. If it is not malice prepense, it
is something that looks very much like it.
Mr. COLFAX. I had almost concluded what
I had to say ill reply to the gentleman fiorn New
York. But before 1 take my seat, however, I will
add a single other remark in regard to another one
of his statements. The gentleman told the truth
when he said that no other general could have
stood up under all the charges that have been
brought against General Fremont. Sir, it is true;
slanders have fallen on him as thick as the leaves
of Vallambrosa.
Mr. DIVEN. The gentleman will allow me to
correct him. He has repeated that statement be-
fore. I did not say that any other general would
have fallen under the attacks that have been made
upon General Fiemont. I said that any other
general would have fallen under the exhibition of
the proof which is exhibited against General Fre-
mont. That is what I said.
Mr. COLFAX. I confess I cannot see the sub-
stantial difference between the statement 1 have
made and the correction made by the gentleman;
but I will not quarrel about words. 1 say to the
gentleman that it is because of the belief of the
people of this country in his patriotism, a belief
that no mountain of slander can crush out, that
he has not been stricken down by these attacks
upon him, I do not believe that he is perfect. I
believe that, like every other man, lie is liable to
mistakes. I do not claim infallibility for him.^ 1
believe he made a mistake in refeience to the price
paid for these fort contracts. I believe, however,
that other generals have made far greater pecuniary
mistakes. I know also, that in reference to his
pontoon-bridge building, of which Judge Holt
speaks in his leport as a magnificent folly, that it
was prepared in view of a plan which was not
carried into execution, for reasons that I cannot
disclose here, as the war is not yet over, and which
would otherwise have been not money thrown
away. And I sincerely believe, if there had been
half even of such a pontoon bridge on the Poto-
mac upon a subsequent occasion, the people of the
country would have been willing to pay for it,
even, if needs be, by private subscription, rather
than to have seen the gallant soldiers of the coun-
try driven into the Potomac and murdered by the
enemy after the reverse at Ball's Bluff, while at-
tempting to escape to the opposite shore
Theie are many other tilings for which General
Fremont lias been arraigned; but when his acts
are subjected to the stern verdictof history,he will
be found to be a man far more sinned against than
sinning. ,
Mr. TIIOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman says he would not attack a general in the
field I ask hill), whether, for the same reason,
he should not withhold an attack upon a man m
I have attacked no man in
The gen-
prison ?
Mr. COLFAX.
prison.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts.
tleman referred to the Hall's Bluff affair, and to
General Stone.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman does me m-
! justice if he supposes I attacked any one in that
,■ connection. I made no lefercnee to General btone
: or Oneral MeCletlan, or the then becrojary o
, War, or to any body else, as responsible for in at sad
i disaster. But, sir, whocvoi is responsible for the
