1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2707
That is my question. Nobody supposes that there
is any necessity for it, or if there was any neces-
sity for it that it can be made available during the
Iiiescut war; and yet at this time, when we. are
all complaining so much about the want of money,
and the difficulty of getting it, we are to undertake
to divert an appropriation of $1,000,000, which we
must fill up again immediately by malting another
for the same purpose, in order to establish another
navy-yard, and that without any previous scien-
tific examination of all its facilities, on the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Naval Affairs, in
which I have as much confidence as I have in any
committee,founded upon letters and the report of
the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, for whom
also I have great respect. But, sir, it ought to
be deferred. A thing of this sort ought not to be
undertaken now. It looks as if we were too much
in a hurry; and I pray the Senate to remember
that we have got to get this bill through, and if
we pile so many things upon it and send it to the
House, having already increased their appropri-
ations very much, we may get ourselves into dif-
ficulties that we cannot very well get out of. It
is no time to start it. It is as bad a time as to
start the Stevens battery, and a little worse.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken in sup-
posing that we have increased the appropriations.
After sinking out the Boston navy-yard, we have
farther decreased the appropriations in the House
bill.
Now, sir, one word in regard to the economic
view. The Senator from Maine seems to think
that this is a recommendation of extravagance.
On the contiary, I think it is the most economic
tiling this Government can do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not now, at this time.
Mr. GRIMES. I am going to try to convince
the Senator that it is economic now, and not ex-
travagant. We have authorized the construction
of a certain number of iron vessels of war. There
is no competition in the production of the iron out
of which they are made. There are only two or
three establishments in the United States that can
now turn out the plates with which they are to be
constructed. It is pioposed for the interest of the
Government that we should establish a place where
we can make them ourselves, and make them a
great deal cheaper than we can procure thsjn at
this lime fiom any other parties, or than we should
be likely to procure them from any other parties.
The establishments that make these large iron
plates require an immense amount of capital, and
very few people can embark in the business. The
lew people who do embark in it, therefore, have
the entire monopoly of the trade: and to-day we
are obliged to pay a much larger amount for the
iion out of which these iron vessels are to be man-
ufactured than we ought to pay, and greater than
they would cost us if wo manufactured them our-
selves. That is one reason.
Now, we are going on here and making appro-
priations for the improvement of the present yard.
We have got in this bill some two hundred thou- j
sand dollars for the improvement of the present
navy-yard. I attempted to find something there
that I should strike out of the appropriations for
the present yard so as to make it as little as possi-
ble, in order that we should not expend any money
unnecessaiily in that yard. I ascertained that the
principal thing for which we do expend there is
for the improvement of the diy dock, and that im-
provement is to consist in tanks, which could be
removed to the place here proposed,and used there
with the dry dock as readily as they can be used
at the navy-yard where it now is.
Now, sir, the Senator says there has been no
ascertainment of facts in regard to this matter.
That is true, except generally; but we do not pro-
pose to divert the money until there is an ascer-
tainment of facts. The section which has been
introduced declares that the money shall not be
diverted until the Secretary of the Navy ii first
thoroughly satisfied that it is the proper place:
that there is every convenience there that the Gov-
ernment desires for a work of this kind; and,
second, until the title of the land has been secured
lo the Federal Government. I am satisfied from
the investigation that I have given to it, that the
cheapest thing the Government could do would
be to buy this" place, stop our appropriations for
the old yard, and gradually work it down.
The Senator says our navy-yards are too large
at present; that that has been the universal opinion.
Well, sir, it used to be the universal opinion when
we had only about thirty vessels, and when two
thirds of them were laid up in ordinary; but it has
not been the universal opinion lately; and-1 tell
the Senator there has not been a single yard be-
longing to the Federal Government, except, per-
haps, that of California, that has been able to do
everything, nor one half the'work the Government
required since this rebellion broke out. We have
been compelled to hire other docks, other ship-
yards, and employ other manufacturers of ves-
sels, and other repairers of vessels; we have been
obliged to go out in every city where we have had
a navy-yard, or in the vicinity of every city, in
order to perform the very work which we could
have performed and ought to have performed in
our navy-yards if they were of sufficient capacity.
That is particularly the case in the city of Phila-
delphia; but it is the case in all the other yards.
Why, sir, in New Yoik there has been a perfect
forest of war vessels in there at a time. The Sen-
ator should remember that our war navy is up to
three hundred vessels. Sometimes there are thirty
or forty in one poit at the same time. I do not
know how large our Navy is going to be when the
war is over; but I apprehend it 13 going to be a
great deal larger than it used to be, although not
as large as it is now. Whatever it may be, wc
ought to furnish the best facilities wc can for ac-
commodating^the vessels that have already been
built,and for building those that we desiie to build,
and it strikes me this is the best method of resell-
ing the purpose
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word more, sir, with
regaid to these iron vessels. We have already
appiopiiated over twenty millions to build them;
the contracts arc made.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; that is one reason why
I offer this proposition; because wo have appro-
priated $23,000,000, and it is impossible for us to
make the contracts, for the reason that there is a
great deficiency of these plates; wc cannot procure
them; we have got to manufacture them ourselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That reminds mo of an-
other fact. What does the Senator propose to do?
Not only to build iron vessels, but to go largely
into the iron business; to set up a great iron es-
tablishment.
Mr. GRIMES. Just what we are doing now.
We make our guns.
Mr. FESSENDEN. True, we make our guns,
but not all the material. Now, are we to wait until
all this thing is done, which is to be done gradu-
ally, until we get this navy-yard built, before we
have our iron vessels ? We might as well not have
them at all. We propose to make them for pres-
ent use.
There is another thing to be considered. It is
the opinion of many of the best men connected
with the Navy and the Navy Department that we
ought not to build our vessels at navy-yards; that
they ought to be built by contract; that they are
cheaper built, and better built when built by con-
tract; and that the navy-yards ought to be used
for the simple purpose of repairs. That is the
opinion of naval men, men connected with the
naval service; I am very much mistaken if it is
not the opinion of my friend from Iowa himself.
Does anybody imagine this thing is going to last
always; that we are going to have a necessity for
three or four hundred vessels when this war is
over, and that we must provide for that? Every-
body knows thatas large aNavy as we may want,
it cannot by any possibility be crowded atall the
navy-yards wc have got in this country.
Mr. GRIMES, it is now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is now at this partic-
ular moment, and will continue during the war,
but nobody pretends that we can get this estab-
lishment up before the war ends.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator what these
navy-yaids are for if they are not foi war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they are; do we
want to build them ill advance, and during war
to make the appropriations when they cannot be
made available now, at a time when money is in
such demand by us, to divert our appropriation
from the actual service, from building vessels to
buildmo- navy-yards when we have already got
so many; and that, too, with reference to a time
of peace in a very irreat degree? I hope that the
Senate will think of it. I do not see what in the
world has got possession oi my honorable friend
from Iowa that he should urge this scheme at this
moment. I really cannot account for it. We can
certainly wait a little while without turning the
attention of the Government in this time of war
to the building of a new navy-yard and settingup
a great Government establishment dfthat kind.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I offeran amendment to insert
as a new section:
And be it further enacted, Tliatfiom and after the 1st day
of September ] 862, the spirit ration in the Navy of the Uni-
ted Stales *.hall cense; and thereafter no distilled spirituous
liquors shall be admitted on board of vessels of war except
as medical stores, and upon the order and under tile con-
trol of the medical officers of such vessels, and to be used
only for medical purposes. From and after the said 1st day
of September next, there shall be allowed and paid to each
person in the Navy now entitled to the spirit ration, five
cents per day in commutation and lieu thereof, which shall
be in addition to their present pay.
I simply desire to say, in connection with this,
that the Government of the United States now
furnishes to every man in the naval service a ra-
tion of grqg—two dips a day. A portion of them
are authorized to commute itat four cents. I pro-
pose by the amendment to abolish itentirely, and
to give to each person a commutation of five cents,
which will amount to §1 50 a tnontji; and I pre-
sume there will be no objection to it. I desire to
say that 1 have offered it in accordance with the
wishes of almost every officer with whom I have
been brought in contact. I have a letter of one
of them here before me, urging me by all means
possible to do what I can to abolish the spirit ra-
tion, and have a provision made forbidding any
distilled liquors being placed on board any vessel
belonging to or chartered by the United States,
except for the use of the medical department. In
conversation with the Navy Depai tment I am in-
formed that hardly any difficulty has grown up
during this war on board of a single one of out-
vessels, that has not been traced directly to the
fact that spirituous liquors were allowed on board
the ship. A great many difficulties have occurred
both with the regular officers and with the volun-
teer officers on board, but in almost every instance
it has been traced to that source, and I believe
that the men are satisfied that it should be abol-
ished. From what I can learn, I think that is the
universal sentiment; but so long as wc allow
liquor to be token on board, and allow a few to
have the privilege, a great many others will be in-
duced by the example to take it too. When they
see a few going up and taking their grog ration,
others, by that exam pie, are induced logo up and
take it also. By abolishing the whisky ration we
shall take away one of the strongest reasons why
parents are unwilling that their minor sons should
enlist in the naval seivice of the United States.
This amendment goes further, and provides
that no liquor shall be taken on board, I desire
that this law shall apply to the officers as well as
to the men; that no distilled spirituous liquors
shall be allowed on boaid; for so long as it is
known to the men that the officers ate allowed
by the Government to indulge in this practice, it
will prompt insubordination and trouble on ship-
board.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I regard the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa as one belong-
ing to the present popular system ofhumbuggery.
It will not be considered very prudent on my part
to object to it—this I well understand, ft is evi-
dent that the mover would not consider any such
objection in the State of Iowa. So far as 1 am
concerned in advancing opinions, I will advance
my own, without I should be instructed other-
wise—then i shall consider. Now, so far as this
particular and -special modern temperance ques-
tion is concerned, let me icmark, m the course ot
a conversation on the subject of the use of wine
with a distinguished New England clergyman, i
toolt occasion to ask him what wss the nistmii*"
acle worked by the Gieat Master; the necessary
response we all know. I took further occasion to
ask whether or not the vine was given to the an-
cient patriarchs that the juice of its fruit might
make their hearts glad. Again, I inquired did not
all the ancient mythologies permit or recognize
the use of these means of exaltation to their goda
—from those who drank nectar on high Olympus
to those who drank mighty mead jn Valhalla.
A "am, I inquired who of those wiio have illus-
trated most the utmost capacities of our race that
has ignored the vine-entwined god of the Greeks.
The venerable gentleman made truthful answers
to all these questions, and admitted the true con-
