1862.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
3fan Cong....2d
The. Tax Bill—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
measures. A fter claiming that a State may com-
mit treason, ho says:
"If, then, a State may commit treason, and if no laws
exi^t under the Constitution for its appropriate punishment,
it may become the duty of Congress tomukesuell fit enact-
ments as will declare a forfeiture of its powers and func-
tions as a State, and provide for its political reconstruction.
What it may be needful to do, time will develop. But it
is a heresy, to be condemned at once, in myjutlguient, to
hold that a State cannot be guilty of treason, and that laws
may not be made under our Constitution lor its puuish-
menl.''
The honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sedgwick,] in the remarkable speech which he
delivered to-day,and to which we all listened with
so much pleasure and instruction, in referring to
the same subject, said:
"Now, sir, when these States go back to the source of
power—the people—by permission of the military power,
and not before, and shall form nevv constitutions and gov-
ernments, and ask again to be lepre&ented in the councils
of the nation which they have so basely abandoned, and so
tiaitoiously betrayed, it may be in the power of Congiess
to impose the terms on which they shall be admitted."
STATE RIGHTS AND STATE SOVEREIGNTY.
Mr. Speaker, there must, of necessity, be a
supreme power in every nationality representing
the public will. This political authority is called
sovereignty. It is admitted by all, that the whole
people, properly represented in convention, may
alter or abolish their present national Govern-
ment, and establish another; but the people of the
several States cannot exercise this power. They
may change their several State constitutions and
laws, with such limitations and restrictions as are
imposed by the national Constitution. They may
make such alterations only as do not change their
relations to the General Government or violate
any of the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States. They may make such changes as
shall not impair the authority of the Government
of the United States over the people or govern-
ments of said Slates; provided always, in addition
to these restrictions, that in any change they may
make, their form of government shall be repub-
lican. This is the extent of State rights and State
sovereignty. The States have local and municipal
powers, subject to the Constitution of the United
States. State secession is, therefore, State revo-
lution. The Administration has assumed that the
Slates which have made war upon the United
States have, by their rebellion, destroyed their
constitutional governments. In accordance with
this doctrine, they have recognized the new State
governments formed by the loyal people of West-
ern Virginia, and the loyal people of Missouri, as
the lawful governments for these States, and they
are both represented in the United States Senate by
Senators, elected either by the Legislature or ap-
pointed by the Governor of States acting under the
new State government, while, at the same time,
the old State governments, claiming to be the only
constitutional governments, are still in operation
within these States, and local officers, elected by
an admitted majority of the people of their re-
spective States, are exercising, or claiming to ex-
ercise, the functions of these several offices. If
\ (heir State rebellion has not destroyed the old
State governments, and disqualified the disloyal
State and county officers for administering these
governments, by what authority do a minority of
flie people establish new State governments,_ and
secure their recognition, as they have, of the
President of the United States and both branches
of the American Congress.
The President has appointed Andrew Johnson
military Governor of Tennessee, and Edtvard
Stanly military Governor of North Carolina.
The address delivered by Governor Johnson on
Ins arrival at Nashville correctly reflects, beyond
question, the views of the President and Cabinet,
fin-certainly Governor Johnson would never have
been sent on so important a mission without well-
considered instructions. He said, m las appeal
to the people ofTennessee, that
" The .State government lias disappeared, the executive
has abdicated, the Legislature has
E..ltihpvtnpp''! « * '' " J n sucn a lam-
entable crisis, the Government of the United States eoulcl
not lie unmindful of its high constitutional obligations to
euaranty to eveiy State m the Union :L u'publican lorm of
government. This obligation the national Government is
now attempting to discharge. I have been appointed, m
the absence of the regular established State authorities, a
militaiy Governor for the time being."
Governor Johnson speaks of the " performance
by the Government of its constitutional duty to
the State," under that guarantee of the national
Constitution, which declares that "the United
Suites shall guaranty to every State in the Union
a republican form of government." He declares
that the " old State government has disappeared,"
and that the Government of the United States is
under obligations, which it cannot disregard, to
give the loyal people of the States, whose govern-
ments have thus disappeared, protection and a
republican government. If the old State govern-
ments are not destroyed by the action of their
State officers and people, who are in rebellion,
by what constitutional authority does the Gov-
ernment of the United States recognize the new
State governments of Virginia and Missouri,
and attempt to establish governments in Tennes-
see and North Carolina? If constitutional gov-
ernments exist in all the rebel States, it is usurp-
ation and revolution on the part of a minority of
the people in said States, or of the Genera! Gov-
ernment, if either attempt to establish new State
governments and displace the old governments.
TREASON OF CITIZENS AND TREASON OF STATES.
Mr. Speaker, it would seem, if a citizen, by
committing treason, justly forfeits his right to life
and property, that States which commit treason,
and make war upon the Government, should for-
feit all the rights guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution, and that the very men who are now in
arms against the Government of the United States
should not be permitted to come into these Halls
and again assume the direction and control of the
Government whenever it suits their convenience,
and whenever such a course shall be deemed ne-
cessary to shield them from the punishment of
their crimes. From the first, 1 have been anxious
to have such a policy adopted by the Adminis-
tration as should secure the Government against
a conspiracy which might send other rebels back
into these Halls, in the garb of Union men, for
the purpose of securing an inglorious compro-
mise. 1 have urged the adoption of a policy which
I thought would make such a conspiracy unsuc-
cessful, if attempted,and at the same time secure
every truly loyal citizen in all his rights, by the
organization of such temporary civil governments
as would enable them to control the nevv govern-
ments in their own way, when they come to re-
organize them after the restoration of peace. The
question of providing temporary governments for
the districts of country now in rebellion against
the United Slates, has been so little understood,
and so persistently misrepresented, that I was
pleased to hear two gentlemeh of such acknowl-
edged legal ability us the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Enor,] refer, even incident-
ally, to a subject of such manifest importance.
These governments which have been destroyed,
must of necessity be rcconstiucted, unless the
authority of the traitors now administering them
is legalized by our sanction. If these State gov-
ernments are to be reorganized—and I trust they
are—provision should be made by Congress for
securin0* the exclusive right of such reorganiza-
tion to the loyal citizens of all States now m re-
bellion, and to the loyal citizens alone. In de-
priving those now in rebellion of the rights ot
electors, and securing that right to loyal citizens
alone, a guarantee is obtained for the organization
of governments which will be true to the Consti-
tution and the Union. It.seems to me that our
future peace and safety demand this as the very
least we should ask. This accomplished, and the
confiscation bills passed, which are now before
us, we shall have, when peace returns, no return
of a privileged class to control and administer the
Government, but a return of men who are true
and loyal, devoted heart and soul to the Union
and the preservation of constitutional liberty, and
who will demand that a majority shall govern, as
prescribed by the supreme Constitution.
TIIE CONSTITUTION MUST NOT BE VIOLATED EVEN
TO PUNISII REBELS.
Mr. Speaker, whatever power I may rightfully
exercise under the Constitution for the restoiation
and security of the country, I will exercise; no
more, no less. I will not hesitate to use all power
clearly given m crushing out the rebellion and re-
movin°" its admitted cause. The national Consti-
tution^ I have shown, confers, by express pro-
vision, the war power on Congress, and the laws
of war are ample for the confiscation of all enemy
property, and the overthrow of any institution
which stands in the way of complete success and
the speedy restoration of peace. If I could be con-
vinced that these acts were unconstitutional, they
could not have my vote, for however anxious I
may be to punish rebels, 1 will not disregard my
oath and violate the Constitution of my country
to do it. My first and highest duty as a Repre-
sentative is to uphold and defend the Constitution,
which is my shield, and the shield of every citi-
zen, and I will not do any act which offends any
of iis provisions. On the question of our right to
confiscate the property and emancipate the slaves
of rebels under the war power, I have no doubt;
and I have no concealments as to what I believe
to be our duty.
THE DAYS OF SLAVERY NUMBRED IF THE GOVERN-
MENT DOES ITS DUTY.
More than a year ago, I proclaimed to the con-
stituency which 1 have the honor to represent, my
purpose to destroy the institution of slavery if it
became necessary to save the country—as I be-
lieved then and still believe it is—in every State
which had rebelled, or which should rebel, and
make war upon the Government. 1 then demanded,
as I now demand, " that not a single slave claimed
by a rebel slave-master shall be delivered up if he
escapes or be left in the wake of our advancing
and victorious armies." I then declared, as I now
declare, that "justice, no less than our own self-
preservation as a nation, required that we should
confiscate and emancipate, and thus secure indem-
nity for the past and security for the future."
THE TAX BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. McDOTJGALL,
OF CALIFORNIA,
IN THE SEN.VTE, JVT«y 30, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration, as in Committee
of the Whole, the bill (II. 11. No. 312) to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt,and an amendment being proposed by Mr.Sim-
mons to raise the tax on whisky fiom twenty cents to
twenty-five cents a gallon till January 1,1863, and after
that to thirty-five cents-
Mr. McDOUGALL said:
Mr. President: I did not design seeking the
attention of the Senate upon this motion, and
would not do so but for the reason suggested by
the chairman of the Committee 011 Finance, that
this amendment involves a series of amendments
operating upon the whole system of taxation as
reported from the committee, and for the further
reason that the Senator from Ohio, a member of
the Finance Committee, and other gen tie men, have
entered into a general discussion of the subject.
It may be remembered by some Senators that when
the chairman of the Committee on Finance made
his report, 1 at the same time presented to the Sen-
ate an amendment in the form of a substitute, and
which 1 desired, at a proper time, to move as a
substitute. The present range of discussion in-
duces me to present my general views before the
pending question is taken.
Mr. President, I undeitake to address the Sen-
ate 011 this subject with great hesitation. I feel
my own ignorance of this complex question, one
which has engaged for the last half century many
of the ablest minds in Europe, and which, by
cause of our good fortune and great prosperity,
has not been made the subject of discussion
or inquiry m this country. It is a subject full of
difficulty, as the experience of England particu-
larly has shown. At an early day after my ap-
pointment to the Committee on Finance, know-
ing that it was a part of my duty to inquire into
this matter, I asked of the fathers of the Senate
whether they had studied this question,and from
them all I received an answer in the negative. It
is a question new to us ail; but it is a question
we are required to solv^. W"e arc charged with
the construction and production oi a measuve of
taxation adequate to our present and prospective
necessities. To that labor should have been ue-
voted the careful study of the best minds in the
