1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
other form of scheme for getting extra interest,
vanished out of the State of Rhode Island, and
we have not heard of them since.
I desire this institution for another purpose, arrtl
that is that it may so regulate the currency as to
prevent the exorbitant exchanges that are now
charged, and I would make a provision in the bill
that on no bill of exchange drawn in one portion of
the country on another, where the institution had
an agency, should the re ever be arch arge of over one
per cent., even if the distance was three thousand
miles, or five thousand miles. I have known ex-
changes at the Northwest within a year to be
twenty-five percent.—enough to ruin all the pro-
ducers in that land. Nobody can stand such an
enormous rate of exchanges. It is destructive to
business; and I have almost always found that
those who let money out at two or three per cent,
a month break all their customers, and finally lose
their own capital. There is no advantage in nnte-
shaving and scheming to get more than the legal
rate of interest. I know that moneyed men can
make almost anything popular, and I have always
spoken rather harshly of them; but I will say
here, that although I do not love capital much, I
never saw a man yet that had so much of it as to
create envy in my mind, or so little of it as to
forfeit my respcct if he was otherwise a man.
Thisideaof notc-shaving, and making it palatable
to a community, will never get any countenance
from me. I have always believed that it was as
much the duty as it was the power of the Gov-
ernment to limit the rate of interest. I know it is
fashionable now to call out for free trade in inter-
est, and let money bring what it is worth, like
any other commodity. L'et me ask Senators who
it is that regulates the rate of interest? Is it not
done by the Legislatures of the several States, and
byCongress? Arenoteverybranch ofthosegov-
ernments composed of money-lenders as well as
money-hirers, and are there not a majority of
them who neither lend nor hire to any extent to
influence their judgments, and if they are not com-
petent to say what between man and man is a fair
rate to give for the use of capital, who is? Is it
the note-shavers about Wall street? Are they to
fix the price? I insist that the Congress of the
United States are as competent to fix what is the
fair value for the use of money as anybody in the
known world. They fix it in Wall street at any-
thing they can get, and I phould like to see the
people, the producing classes of this country, and
the Government of this country get out of the
clutches of such men; for there never was such
„ grinding oppression as that of the money-changers.
I believe we can do it. I have no manner of doubt
about it.
i have said that this institution is necessary as
a-fiscal agent for the Government. Has anybody
contemplated the amounts of money that are now
passing fiom hand to hand, paid outby the Gov-
ernment, amounting to a million of dollars a day
or more ? Such an amount of money, incoming
and outgoing, would enable an institution, upon
the ordinary principles of bankings to circulate
more than one hundred millions of money, if it
had 110 -ether customers than the Government.
There are as fixed rules governing the circulation
of bank notes as there are rules which fix the move-
ments of yonder clock. These notes circulate
around commercial centers. In New England a
bank note on the average will circulate about thirty
days. The larger the sphere of the circulation the
longer it will keep out, of course; and, I suppose,
taking the whole country, ninety days for a na-
tional bank would be a fair average for its circu-
lation. No bank can, without insolvency, circu-
late any more than its receipts for the time its paper
keeps out. A bank m New England cannot keep
out circulation to agreater amountthan its receipts
for thirty days, or otherwise it would be in debt.
Taking ninety days for'the whole United States,
which, I think, would be a fair estimate, the cir-
culation of this bank on the receipts and payments
of the Government alone would amount to more
than one hundred millions of dollars. It might
have loans to the community to the amount of
another §100,000,000, averaging ninety days to
run, which would enable them to circulate another
$100,000,000 upon $100,000,000 of capital. That
is the way the Bank of England lends three times
as much as its capital. %
How easy it is upon that basis for a national
bank, without, using the slightest means of inter-
ference with the local banks, to bring them all to
a healthy state of circulation. If the national bank
keeps itself within proper limits and does not cir-
culate any more money than it knows it will re-
ceive within a given number of days through the
channel of its payments, and the local banks do
more, the balance will be against them and they
will have to pay it in coin. It is only necessary
to have a judicious management of the national in-
stitution, and it may help every bank in its dis-
tress, and the banks will all have to keep within
a reasonable standard. I never knew the United
States Bank while it was in existence, to interfere
with the local institutions any further than to let
them have coin when they were short. Every one
must know who is familiar with business, that the
regulation of the currency in that form is a great
desideratum. How many revulsions have we had
since we losttheinfluences of a national institution
in 1836? I might go hack and call attention to
what happened between 1811 and 1816, when we
were without a national bank before; but 1 sup-
pose every one knows that in that period of six
years we had two or three years of bank suspen-
sions and irredeemable paper money. OutofNew
England, bank paper was no t redeemed any wfcere.
Since 1836, we have had as many as half a dozen
suspensions.
If we have had this experience; if wo find that
with gold pouring in here at the rate of forty or
fifty millions a year, the local institutions cannot
keep a currency in the country redeemable in gold
and silver without a revulsion every two or three
years, and a prostration of business, and a gen-
eral breaking up of the merchants, does it not
show that a national institution is not only neces-
sary and proper, but indispensable for a Govern-
ment like ours, extended over such a vast region
of country ? I can conceive of nothing that would
be of greater benefit in our present condition than
the establishment of a national institution of this
sort. I do not mean to enlarge on these topics,
because I merely throw out the suggestion for men
to be thinking of while the bill shall be maturing,
if the committee ever come to the conclusion to
recommend it.
There is another consideration that should not
be lost sight of. We aie almost without a cur-
rency in the Northwest—not quite, but almost.
ITow do you suppose it is practicable lor a coun-
try as new as that to furnish it? The old hives
have the honey, it fakes the new ones a year to
build the comb. It is so with new countries; it
takes all the resources of our new States to fix
out their farms. They have no money to lend,
or very little. There "is another section of the
country, too, to which we must look. At no dis-
tant day this Government will command eveiy
foot of soil that it ever owned, and the flag of the
Union will wave overall the States. What is the
condition of the eleven States now in rebellion?
They have used up every dollar of their credit,
and out of New Orleans there is not an institution
there that will not be bankrupt whenever law is
established over them. Now, how are the two
hundred millions or three hundred millions'worth
of produce there to be got to market, without a
currency that will be payable in gold and silver,
and somebody else to furnish it than the people of
those States? It is indispensable there, and it is
indispensable everywhere. **
It will be the finest thing for the city of New
York, that great commercial emponum. The
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Half,] the
other day said he wanted to know if there was not
somebody to put up a parcel of cords to whip out
the money-changers. Sir* this is the cord that
will whip them out of Wall street. Give the peo-
ple better money and lower interest. You cannot
get men's money by scolding, but if you have an
institution of this sort, the merchants will say to
the notc-sluivers as the sailor said to the tobacco ;
merchant. They used to have a fashion in old j
times of giving the seamen dvawbilis when they j
were at sea, and the stores of course charged them j
large profits when they were paid in these draw- j
bills. A sailorwenttoastoretogetsome tobacco.
He saw the price at which it was held, and he
told the storekeeper that there was more tobacco
in town. Establish an institution of this sort, and
all the biokers and all the bankers will be told in
effect that there is more tobacco in town—tfnit
there is more money to be had than they have in
I their shops—and business men will not be obliged
to submit to being shaved. I heard a very intel-
ligent merchant in Providence, who commenced
business the year the Bank of the United States was-
established—and I knew that he had got wealthy,
though he started with nothing—say that he was
indebted to the bank for every dollar he was worth,
though he had never made a negotiation with it in
his life; and the reason was that it had put down
the rate of interest all over the country. I recol-
lect that I did business the whole time that insti-
tution was in being; and from 1817 to 1834, when
it had a quarrel with the Government, and a very
foolish one on both sides, in my opinion, and a
mischievous one, I never knew but two months
in the whole seventeen years when money was
one per cent, a month. I never knew but two
months during that whole period when I could not
negotiate any decent paper at six per cent, per
annum. I have neverknown two months since the
bank went out of existence when paper was at any
one figure; it has varied all the way from four per
cent, to forty. Thatisthe difficulty of having an
irregular kind of currency*
I shall not detain the Senate with further re-
marks at present. I have thrown out these sug-
gestions simply with a view to call the attention
of Senators to this subject; and if we ever get a
bill reported, as I hope wc shall, it will be a sub-
ject for grave consideration, and these few sug-
gestions may be of some service to the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monuay, February 10, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Fnday was read and approved.
UNITED STATES COUJtT IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the following resolution; whiclr
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
lequning ol the judge ot' the United States court for the
western district of Virginia to hold a court in the city of
l'.ukeisbuig, Vuginia.
COUNTERFEITING UNITED STATES COIN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiuctedto inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
making it acnminal offense punishable by line and impris-
onment in the penitentiary, at the discretion of the court, for
any person to pass, utter, publish, or sell for value, any false,
forged, or counterfeit coin, in the likeness, resemblance, ana
similitude ol the gold or silver coin, coined at the Mint of
the United States, or in the likeness, resemblance, or simil-
itude of foreign gold or silver coin made current in the Uni-
ted States by the laws thereof, he knowing at the time of bo
passing, uttering, publishing, or selling the said coins to be
talse, forged, orcouuterfeit with the intent to defraud. The
amount of line not to exceed $1,000, and (he time of impris-
onment not to be more than ten nor less than two years.
Resolved, That said committee be also instructed to in-
quire into the expediency ofreportmgabiil making it acrim-
mal offense punishable by fine or imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary, at the discretion of the court trying the case, for any
person to have in Ins or her possession at the same time, ten
or more pieces of false, forced, and counterfeit coin in the
likeness, resemblance, and similitude oigold or silvci coin
coined at the Mint of the United States, or in the likeness,
resemblance, and similitude ot foreign gold or silver coin
made current in the United States by the laws thereof, he
or she knowingthesame to be false, forged, and counterfeit,
with the intent to pas>s alter, publi-h, oi to sell the same for
value, with the intent to defraud. The amount of fine not to
exceed $1,000, and the term of confinement in the peniten-
tiary not to be more than ten nor less than two years. And
if the numbtr of pieces of such fal^fmgcd, oi counterfeit
coin in his or her possession a-? aforesaid, with the intent to
defraud, be less than ten, that tlic offense be punishable by
line, or imptisonment in the common jail, so that such fine
does not exceed $300, and the tenn ol imprisonment does
not exceed twelve months.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that resolution,
and prefer that the gentleman should introduce
his bill on that subject.
DISBURSEMENTS IN TUB ARMY. **
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
"uas read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Affairs be in
