1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
passage of that army over the Potomac, with but
two scows as ihe only means of crossing the river;
whoever is responsible for the darkness and des-
olation brought into the households of so many
families in the land, I would not exchange posi-
tions with him for a coronet of rubies and dia-
monds. I would not have upon my skirts the
blood thus needlessly spilt upon that disastrous
battle-field for all the gold of California or the
mines of Golconda. 1 do not say who is responsi-
ble; for, with the imperfect evidence on that point,
I do not know positively. But I do say, that if
what Judge Holt calls this magnificent folly of
pontoon-biidge building had been performed here
before the battle of Ball's Bluff, the women of the
country, if they could have looked prophetically
into the future, would have paid for it with then-
jewels before they would have permitted the sac-
rifice of the valuable lives lost in that disaster.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether lives lost at Springfield were
not as precious as those at Ball's Bluff?
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missouri
and myself had a debate upon the subject of the
battle of Springfield the other day, in the course
of which 1 made some statements from the record
in reference to the battle to which he now alludes,
to which he made no reply. If the gentleman
desires to reply on some occasion when the House
has two or three horns to spare, I shall not object
to going overthe argument with him again. Yes,
sir, the ljves lost at ftprmgfield were precious, and
if Genera! Fremont could have, saved them, and
saved Cairo too, as I proved the other day he
could not, they would have been saved. The gen-
tleman will recollect that I explained all this in
my debate with him last month, quoting McClel-
lan's dispatch about the lack of troops even to save
C<iho, General Premiss's dispatch,and the state-
ment of Lyon's adjutant general.
The gentleman also remembers that, at the time
when he was straining every nerve to reinforce
Lexington, an order was received by General Fre-
mont to send five thousand of the small fotce
under his command to Washington. And, I might
add, that we are indebted to the President of the
United States that the order was not for twenty-
five thousand instead of five thousand, for that
was the number originally demanded to be tians-
ferred from the department of the West to the
army of the Potomac at that very time.
Mr. Speaker, whatever faults General Fre-
mont has, I am willing to admit them as readily
as any other man; but I will not continue to re-
peat them, forgetful altogether of the veiy many
qualities of energy, daring, and patiiotism which
he possesses. He says in his defense before the
committee on the conduct of the war, that he fixed
the prices for the fortification contract on the ad-
vice and recommendation of othcts. The com-
manding general of n largo, department has to do
many thing-? on the advice of others. My friend
from Missoun [Mr. Hi air] has had the opportu-
nity to sec as well as I have had, the vast amount
of business, of responsibility, of care, which de-
volved upon the commander-in-chief of a military
department like that of Missouri, Kansas, and
Western Kentucky at the time Genera! Fiemont
was there, it is an utter impossibility for him to
investigate every contract that must necessarily
be made, and sci ulinize eveiy sixpence that may
have to he expended.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. What business has
a commanding general to make these contracts?
Mr. DIVEN. 1 do not find fault, if the gentle-
man from Indiana will permit me to interrupt
him 
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentlemen
one at a time, unless they insist on my yielding to
both at once. General Fremont was sent out there
with powers of a larger clnuacter than are gener-
ally given to a commander of a department. He
had received instructions from the Administration
here that he should take the responsibility neces-
sary lor the preservation of the integrity of the
country in that quarter. The dispatcher are volum-
inous, and I do not know that thus suddenly par-
ticipating m this debate, I can turn to the exact
ones which [ desire; butl will try to do so. They
have all been published. Here is one of the 26th
of July, 1861, fiom a Cabinet officer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Read the other
one.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, road that one.
Mr. COLFAX. I will read the dispatch, which
is as follows:
Washington, July 28, 1861.
Dear General: T have two telegrams from you, but find
it impossible now to get any attention to MUsouii or west-
ern matters from tlie autliouties here. You will have to do
the best you can, and take all needful responsibility to defend
and. protect the people over vhotn you are specially set.
Yours truly and m haste, M. BLAIR.
Now.if a Cabinet officer could not getattention
paid to this matter right on the spot, is it fair to
make such exacting demands of the commander-
in-chief of a department? Heie is a Cabinet of-
ficer speaking, as on the counsel of the President
of the United States, telling General Fremont thai
he will have to do the best he can, and to take all
necessary responsibility to defend the country.
A Member. Who was that Cabinet officer?
Mr.COLFAX. Hon.MontgomeryBfair,Post-
master General.
Here is another dispatch from General Mont-
gomery C. Meigs, Quartermaster General of the
United" States Army:
[Extracts fiom letters of Hon. M. Blair, P. M. G.]
\V\shi\gton, September 3, 1861.
i:Mci*s be%%cd me this aian noon to set 1/011 to oulei lii'teen-
inch suns fio'ui PitNhui;'!) ibi your _gnnl)oat>. lie says that
die boats can empty am .liatteiy the enemy can maKe with
such advises (hat you cznti act for them diui:ctly
yorusLLF, trhins; the contractor you will direct your ord-
nance officer to pay for them."
There was the authority, fi cm the Quartermas-
ter General of the Army of the United States, sent
through aCabmetotficcr,telling him to go on with
the work, and that if it is necessai y to make eon-
tracts, to make them, and to give his staff officer
the necessary ordeis for proper payment. Not-
withstanding thisducct and positive authority,
one of the most pointed charges in the recent re-
port of Mr. Holt against General Fremont was,
that he had contracted for ordnance without having
the matter go through the Oidnance Bureau at
Washington. Here is Geneial Fremont's defense,
patent to everybody. Here is the order from the
highest officer in the quartermaster's department,
sent through a Cabinet officer, for him to do ex-
actly what he has dune.
But I have not yet got through with these dis-
patches. If I had supposed that this debate would
take place to-day, I would have prepared myself
with i efe re nee s • but l did not expect it.
Mi. DIVFN. I am lather astonished to know
what has become of the resolution which is really
thesubject-maifer before the House. [Laughter.]
I think the gentleman has forgotten it altogether.
Mr. COLFAX. It the gentleman will with-
draw his resolution,! will atonce leave the floor.
But I am only euing those points to show the
" justice" G< neial Fiemont has received, and of
which the pending icsolution is only another ex-
ample.
Mr. DIVEN. I will amend it to the extent I
have, stated, but I will not withdraw it.
Mr. COLFAX, i do not ask him to do it. But
to resume. Here is another telegram fiom Mont-
gomery C. Meigs directed to Francis P. Blair,
none other than my honorable friend from Mis-
souri :
"Tell Genoial FiOmont 'Mat no man moic than myself
(IrMie-. to Met.un hini.itoone i- more ro;ulv toiake the 10-
spnn .tibilifv to a-M.4 luui, and that he has, in m\ option,
ain-ady tin P'nwi which \ on >.ay oii! htu> be con let u d upon
linn hy the Pioulent li'htdcvo a sencml lommandm*
ojf/ov, the tithi/i ■haute': of his stajf nrc hy ■) emulations co.m-
ITLM''l> t) <b, 1/ pO^lh'c.
u The *cnc,ul i%• ilun°cd with sarin* Ihe c.iuntuj. The
country nil I he re/ y cm ijid I o approi e his iiiccnur c. and vill
judge /us mistake's, if inn;, rcry tenderly, if siwcasfut. Suc-
cess ci owns the icoih, and lft him spare no responsibil-
ity, no effort to socio e
That was on the 21st of August. My fiiend
from Missouri, at that time, to use an expiession
which fell from the gentleman the other day, was
one of those who, up to that time, was " an idol-
ater" of General John C. Fremont. Listen to
what General Meigs, an old Army officer, and of
much moii' experience m these matters than Gen-
eral Fremont could be expected to he—listen to
what he says: " The country" " will judge his
mistakes, if any, very tenderly, if successful." It
was General Meigs's honest opinion they would;
but experience has shown that he was not a pto-
phet. He did not know how bitterly Fiemont was
to be attacked before another month even had rolled
mound. And this letter shows, too, and mcst
significantly, that my friend from Missouri had,
at that time, been insisting on more power being
given to Fremont. And General Meigs closes im-
pressively, with " let him stare no responsi-
bility." And now Fremont is denounced by
committees and others, because he complied with
this earnest injunction.
I want the House to notice that every respons-
ibility assumed by General Fremont, about which
complaint was made, was roiled upon him by or
through the authorities in Washington. A Cab-
inet officer wrote him that he, even with all the
power and influence of a Cabinet minister, could
notgetattention paid to western business at Wash-
ington, and that General Fremont must take the
responsibility, and defend the people at every
hazard. General Meigs said that he need not send
down heie for cannon, but that he should con-
tract for them out there, and order them to be paid
for by Ins own ordnance officer. When he has
assumed that responsibility, these attacks against
him on that score, to my mind, seem to me en-
tirely unjustifiable. He was pointedly told by the
authorities here thatageneial ischatged with the
safety of his country. Geneial Meigs wrote that
letter from an honest heart; but he did not know
the men of 1861 and 1862. Instead of judging of
the acts of a general, under the circumstances,
''tenderly," they have, on the contrary, magni-
fied and distorted the actions of General Fremont
at a trying time, so as to do his character the
grossest injustice before the American people.
These attacks do not cease even now, when he
has been appointed to u wwdepartment,crowded
in between two others, with not a single regiment
sent to reinfoice him since his enival there, be-
cause, I suppose, none could be spared from
other fields, end yet in a week after he reached
Wheeling, with his usual vigor, he sots in motion
his advance column, few in numbers, but brave
as himself, drives the enemy from his front, and
regaidless of odds, is alieady threatening Staun-
ton. Now, while he is striving with his might
and mam to di i ve rebellious hordes from Vn gmia,
the gentleman from New Yoi k [M r. Diyex] comes
in to-day, upon the floor of the House of Itepi c-
sentatives, and gravely asks us, in the face of the
country, to vote for a resolution, the. effect of
which would be to condemn General Fiemont in
advance, and before he hail any trial. General
Mojgs said that they would jud^e his mistakes,
if he made them, "tenderly." What has been
the result? They have been magnified from mole
hills into mountains, hisbestacts misrepresented,
and he himself condemned by those host lie to him
without the least show of a trial, i ask nothing
tor General Fiemont but justice 1 ask that one
! of the generals of the American Army shall not,
by the action of this House, have his usefulness
destroyed in the new field of labor to which he
has been sent by the President. Let not these
attacks be continued, when the President, whois
acquainted with all the facts involved m the con-
troversy, has shown his confidence in General
j j Fi emont by assigning him to another department.
!j If we love our counti y, if we love justice, give
I this man a chance, to be heard before he is stricken
I down. Do not let car parte investigations, of which
' there have been so many in his ca.sc, become the
| iule of justice in this land.
1 say—and 1 think gentlemen will agree with
me—that the expenditures of the department of
the West under General Fiemont, however ex-
travagant they may he alleged to be, were eco-
nomical compared with the, expenditures in the
othei military departments, so far as icgards the
duty peifoimed, the difficulties which were sur-
mounted, and the vexa'tious lesponsibilities which
had necessarily to be assumed. If we aie to take
any action like that which has been suggested by
the gentleman fiom New Yoik, let us wait until
the end of the war. If the President, for good
cause, strikes down General Fremont, I will not
be the man to complain. When ihe President ie-
moved him from the command of the department
of the West no murmur of complaint was heard
from me. I bowed to his decision, though I re-
gretted it. When )t was understood the eommit-
i tee on the conduct of the war felt, after heating
j] both sides, that he was fit foracommand, and the
|J President gave one to him, I lejoircd, as did hun-
:! drcds of thousands of others, at this act of justice.
The cause of the country is dear to me—dearer to
' me than all personal considerations. In every
| effort which I may make for its safety and suc-
i cess, I never want it to be said that petty malice
II stood in the way of my duty.
