2708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
elusion; but remarked, " you know it would not
be advisable for me thus to say." I remark now,
that there is no such limitation in my discretion.
This war upon whisky, I prefer speaking plain-
ly, would be a wise war if conducted wisely; but
my opinion is, that there is more cunning than
wisdom in all these modern forma of this war.
I hold, and in this 1 agree with a recent remark
of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Poster,]
that the truth lies in the mean, between the two
extremes, and so also does temperance. I believe
that there is a difference between the man who
eats beef and drinks only water, and the man who
eats beef and sometimes drinks whisky, both par-
ties doing their best to be prudent. My opinion,
however, is decidedly in favor of the latter, and
let me say that 1 think I can dare to affirm that
the soundness of my opinion is justified by all re-
corded experience.
The Navy ration of whisky I think right, so I
think of the same thing in the Army; it conduces
both to health and strength. Our fathers, in the
days of the Revolution, were not content with
whisky, they put gunpowder in it. If the value
of stimulants to men in the field under arms, and
at sea doing duty, is not understood here, it is
understood by the men who undergo hardship
and peril; and this I say from some observation,
notwithstanding the opinions of the correspondent
of the Senator from Iowa. If the inquiry were
made, I fancy it would be found that his author-
ity was better at lecturing than fighting.
Mr. President, this is a piece of illegitimate
legislation. Why not let the sailor have his grog,
and then, if he pleases, he can put a little gun-
powder in it?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have another amendment.
Mr. KING. 1 desire to inquire of the Senator
from Iowa whether there are many more amend-
men is.
Mr. GRIMES. I have four or five.
Mr. KING, ititf necessary to havu an execu-
tive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can wait a little while
for that. Let us £et through with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Iowa will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
JUndbe it further enacted, That heieafter minor*, not utulor
the s\  e of eighteen years, may be enh>tcd m tin* naval ser-
vice without the const'nt of their parents or guardians ; and
the oaturot enlistment taken by the reeruitbhall be conclu-
sive as to his age.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that this is an
exact copy of the law passed by the Congress of
the United States in July last, in regard to the
Army, except that the word " navy" is substi-
tuted in the place of''army." The necessity for
it is this: a great many young men come to enlist
who tcpresent that they are of proper age; but
afterwards their parents find out that they are en-
listed, and attempt to procure their release by
suing out a wut of habeas corjtus; and it costs the
Government from twenty-five to fifty dollars m
every case. The courts decide that this oath is
extra-judicial, and is ofno effect, so that we have no
recourse to anybody, and the party is discharged,
i understand a provision like this has operated to
great advantage in the Ai my. We have now re-
moved one of the great obstacles that stand in the
way of parents allowing their sons to enlist by
abolishing the spirit ration. I desire to say also
that there is a great scaieity of men, and that the
constant annoyance ofattemptmg to release young
men by writs of habeas corpvs has led to difficulty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope thisamcndment will
not be adopted in the form in which it is presented.
I objected when that regulation was adopted in
reference to the Army, to making the oath of the
party enlisting conclusive. I da not think we ought
to adopt any such rule. It will allow naval offi-
cers to get hold of boys fifteen years of ago, and
induce them to enlist into the Navy, and then their
oath as to their age is to be conclusive. I hope
the Senate will not adopt it. I think it was a mis-
take that such a rule was adopted m reference to
the Army; and having committed that mistake in
regard to the Army, I hope we shall not follow it
here.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Illinois can
move to strike out the last clause.
Mr. KING. The hour is late; we shall soon
be without a quorum; it is important to have an
executive session for the purpose of acting on the
nomination of a single officer, if no other. I move,
therefore, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can soon get through
with this bill; and it is much more important that
we should dispose of. the bill than that a single
officer should be confirmed to-day instead of to-
morrow. I do not want to lose all day to-mor-
row on this bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senate will con-
tinue on this bill until it is concluded.
Mr. KING. I will state to the Senator from
Maine that the nomination to which I allude is
that of an important medical officer, necessary to
the completion of a very important arrangement
to the medical department of the Army, and it is
important that the nomination should be acted on.
I insist on my "motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know who the officer
is, and his nomination,in my judgment, is not so
important that it cannot as 'well wait until to-
moirow or Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
Mr. King's motion, and declared that it appeared
to be rejected.
Mr. KING. I ask for a division.
Several Senators. Oh, no; there is not a quo-
rum here.
Mr. KING. If we have not got aquorum here,
it is time we had adjourned.
Mr. HALE. If we are to have a division, we
may as well have the yeas and nays. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, Chandler, Di^on, Foot, How-
ard, Kiiisr, McDouyaU, Simmon-:, and Trumbull—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Biovvning, (Jarhlc,Clark, Doohttle.Fes-
bendon, Foster, tJumo*, Hale, Italian, Ileinierxm, Howe,
Lane ot Kau^iid, L.vtiiaui, Momll, Ponieroy, Powell, Stark,
Sumner, Ton E> ek, Wiiley, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wil-
son of Mis o\m, and Wn«ht—23.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is notaquo-
rutn voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 13, 1862.
The House motat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Hagany, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF JOURNAL.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise for the purpose of
asking to have the Journal corrected, so far as it
relates to the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] yesterday. His motion
was, in substance, that the House should, pro
forma, without reading or special consideration,
disagree to all the amendments of the Senate to
the tax bill, wnh a view to have it referred m that
shape, and by that vote, to a committee of confer-
ence of the two Houses. The motion as thus an-
nounced was voted upon, I voted against it. It
does not appear to be so stated on the Journal. I
am there made to vote in favor of all the amend-
ments of the Senate, and a majority of the House
are made to vote against them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that the Journal shows
just what it ought to show, and there is, there-
fore, nothing to correct.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not so hearit read.
The SPEAKER. It is i( that the House non-
concur in the Senate Amendments, and ask a com-
mittee of conference."
1 Mr. WICKLIFFE. I know that; but the mo-
; tion was made thai the House should non-concur,
! so that it might be referred to a committee of con-
, ference, and that the amendments should not be
j considered in the House. That is the motion on
I which I voted m the negative.
I The SPEAKER. The Journal shows the ques-
tion as stated to tho House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is not as it was stated
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. It is entered on the Journal
in parliamentiuy language,
i Mr. WICKLIFFE. I put the question to the
i House and to the Chair, did not the chairman of
the Committee of "Ways and Means avow his
purpose to move a non-concurrenee with the
amendments that he migftt have them referred to
a committee of conference? Was not that the
question submitted to the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky that gentlemen often
make amotion not in parliamentary language; but
it is the duty of the Chair to see that it is entered
on the Journal properly. The Chair sees nothing
to correct in the Journal.
Mr.' WICKLIFFE. Very well, sir. I hope
the motion will appear correctly in the report of
the proceedings.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate in-
sisted oil its amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill (H, R. No. 312) to provide in-
terna! revenue to support the Government and pay
interest on the public debt, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the House, and had appointed
Messrs. Fessendrn, Harris, and Henderson
managers on the pait of the Senate.
TAX BILL COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Stevens,
Morrill of Vermont, and Holman, managers of
the confluence on the part of the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
312) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government and pay interest on the public debt.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly emolicd bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Ulysses S. Grant;
An act (H. R. No. 475) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the names of cer-
tain vessels; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) to change the
name of the bark Ctuebec to General Burnside.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees
for Reports of a private character.
MARY A. BERAULT.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported back a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 65) for the relief of Mary A. Berault,
administratrix of the estate of Lieutenant Joseph
Wheaton, deceased.
The resolution was read. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to adjust the claim of Mary
A. Berault, administratis of the estate of Lieu-
tenant Joseph Wheaton, deceased, of the Ilhode
Island line of the Army of the Revolution, and to
pay the amount which shall be allowed by him to
the said Maiy A. Berault, administratrix as afore-
said.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the House to consider this
joint resolution at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the Puvate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. A single objection carries it
there.
It was so referred.
EDMUND II. BROOKE.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to inciease the pay of Ed-
mund II, Brooke, chicf clerk in the Paymaster's
department; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill fixes the pay of Edmund Ii. Brooke,
chief clerk in the Paymaster's department of the
United States Army, at £,2,500 per annum, fiom
and after the passage of this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire what is the
present salary of this chief clerk? We are mak-
ing rapid strides here in the increase of salaries.
Mr. DUNN. I n cxplaii ition of this bill I wish
to say that several weeks since I introduced a bill
of the same character as this, except that it allowed
the pav to date back to the commencement of the
war. The matter was fully discussed at that time,
! and it seemed to be the opinion of the House that
j if the bill had been drawn so as to give the pay
j from and after its passage, it would have metwirh
I the approval of the House. Those members who
