228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
3Yth Cong.,..2d Sess.
The Tax Bill—Mr. McDougall.
Senate.
public service. I regret that I am called upon to
say that it has received no such attention.
A bill is presented here of one hundred and fifty-
pages and one hundred and seventeen sections. Its
volume would indicate care and consideration, but
upoTi examination it will be found that if there
has been care it has only resulted in confusion,
and that it has been framed in ignorance of or
io-noiing all the progress made in this department
of political science during the last half century.
A measure passed by our Congress pending the
last war with Great Britain, before the great lights
of modern politico-economical science had sys-
tematized anything about the law of internal rev-
enue—a law of 1813, which was buried in 1815—
has been exhumed to make the backbone,limbs,
ribs, and articulations of this system of finance.
A system of taxation is the most grave business
of legislation, as grave as is this war. With war
upon our hands, armed enemies in the field, and
vast expenditures of blood and treasure, and vast
personalprivations, taxation isto bo superadded—
taxation, which isalvvaysa subject of earnestob-
jec.tion on the part of the people subjected to the
tax. It is a necessity, and at the same time it is a
burden, a burden that all feel. It seems somewhat
strange to me that m undertaking this important
business of Government, the experience and coun-
sel of the learned men who have taught thepolicy
of internal revenue in the English Parliament, or
the great writers in Great Britain and on the con-
tinent who have made this subject a specialty,
have been almost altogether ignored, and that we
should have taken a fossil buried for fifty years
and undertaken to give it life anew.
The result is a bill without system, without pol-
icy, without form, without organization; a bill
that, if passed into a law, it will take a hundred
years for our courts to interpret, and then they
will only make it law by construction. When 1
first examined the bill, anxious as I was to go for
any system of revenue, and knowing the country
was perfectly able to stand the required amount
of taxation, I felt and thought I could notsupport,
and that the country would not stand, the meas-
ure in the form presented for our approval. For
these reasons 1 have looked about to see if some
better method of securing to the Government
means for carrying on the Government on the
peace establishment, and for maintaining the war
against the rebels, might not be produced.
Early in the present session, a committee of
three gentlemen from the Boston Board of Trade,
gentlemen of large experience in mattersoffinance,
came to this city to advise with the Senate Com-
mittee oil Finance upon this subject. They dis-
cussed before the committee both the subject
and system of taxation, and they attracted my
particular attention by their apparent mastery of
the subject discussed. I sought the full develop-
ment of their views by interrogatories of my own
in committee, and by subsequent conversation.
I was impressed by these gentlemen with the
soundness of their general opinions. It was a
novel proposition which was made by thnm. Ob-
jections were started. I started several myself,
which were very promptly answered, and upon
full consideration i have not yet been able to find
a single objection that can be well maintained.
The views presented by the Boston Board of
Trade were fully indorsed by the Chamber of
Commerce in the city of New York. That cham-
ber was represented here by a deputation from
New York. Again, the same subject was brought
before the Board of Trade of the city of Phila-
delphia, and they concurred in the same policy.
ISIow, sir, I am not, 1 never was, 1 never hope to
be, a master of the subject of finance as connected
with national revenue. But when I want best to
understand how revenue can be derived, what in-
terests can be most safely touched for the purpose
of revenue, I go to some poisons who have stud-
ied these things, and who are able to arrange and
bring together the data, and resolve the questions
that belong to the subject; and where can be found
in this country three abler bodies of men than
the Chamber of Commerce of New York, the
Board of Trade of Boston, and the Board of Trade
of Philadelphia? it is to be observed that with
the proposed subject of taxation they are partic-
ularly familiar. They propose to tax trade—the
very business in which they are most engaged.
They say that the business of trade, the business
of making the exchanges of the country, can
most conveniently, economically, and justly fur-
nish the revenue required by the Government.
Here we have the distinct authority of enterprise,
of commerce, and of capital, and their advice to
the Governmentis that it should derive its revenue
from their own sphere of business, from a source
with which they are fierfectly conversant. For
the measure and the views I propose to present,
I am chiefly indebted to their suggestions and
advice.
Mr. President, inentering upon this discussion, I
propose in this instance to give my general views
as to what we have to undertake, ana then proceed
to the mode of its accomplishment. I shall not
undertake the elaboration of details; for all pur-
poses of my argument I can accept either of the
extreme statements as to our present and pros-
pective indebtedness. I will admit, if you please,
the indebtedness at the end of the present fiscal
year will be #750,000,000, and that at the termi-
nation of the rebellion it will be $1,000,000,000, or
even §1,500,000,000, and what of that? I do not
belong to the party of alarmists. I see no cause
for alarm either in the figures or the fact. When
Great Britain, with nineteen millions of people,
emerged from the American and French wars, she
owed $4,500,000,000; and what had England to
re!yupon> England's wealth? No. It is not
wealth and capital that pay taxes: it is produc-
tion that pays taxes. What is produced every
current year pays its tribute to the support of Gov-
ernment. Otherwise, if it were not production,
and it depended oil capital or accumulations, a
country would become weaker year by year, and
the result would be national impoverishment and
bankruptcy. England did not pay out of her cap-
ital or her wealth the great burdens of her French
and American wars. She paid them out of her
energies, her enterprise, her industry, what she
every year produced, or by her enterprise brought
from foreign lands through the agency of her com-
merce spread upon every sea. I do not like this
constant cry of danger ahead, of an empty and
bankrupt Treasury. There is no just cause for
such alarm; and as authority for the opinion I
express, I will read some few things that some
wise men have said. 1 will go back to a writer
whose work was published immediately after the
close of the French war. Ricardo is regarded
among economists as a high authority. Observe
that Rieardo's work was published in 1819, and
at that day he says:
<> Notwithstanding the immense expenditure of the Eng-
lish Government iluinii? the last twenty yeais, theieean be
little doubt luit that the increased pi eduction on tile paitof
the people lids more tlmn compensated tor it. The national
capital has riot merely been unimpaired, it lias been greally
mei ea-i'd, and the annual revenue of the people, even attei
the payment ot their taxes, is piobabiy gi eater at tile present
time than at any foimei period of oar history.
u For tile pioof of tins we might refer to the increase of
population, o the extension of agiictllture, to the increase
of shipping and manufactures, to the building of docks, to
the opening of numerous canals, as well as to many other-
expensive undertakings; nil denoting an increase both of
capital and of annual production."— Rieardo's Political
Economy, p. 136.
This was written just as Great Britain came
out of a war which charged a debt of over eight
hundred and fifty millions of pounds sterling, more
than four thousand two hundred millions of dol-
lars. It is time we should ceasc to be alarmed about
the hurden of this war, which I say the American
people can maintain fftr ten years with as much
and more efficiency than has been as yet exhib-
ited. If there has been any great mistake it is this,
that we did not long since duplicate our force in
the field, that we did not make time a part of the
essence of the war in which we are engaged.* If
five hundred thousand men were not enough, we
should have put a million of men in the field. Had
this been done, there would be no war to-day in
the Republic, there would be no enemy at Rich-
mond, no rebel armies in the West. 1 will read
from Mr. Mill, who I believe is regarded now as,
if not the first, at least.equal to the first of all the
modern writers upon politico-economical science.
He is discussing the text of Rieardo and says thus:
" A country which, like England, accumulates capital
not only for itself, but for half the world, may be said to
defray the whole of its public expenses fiom its overflow-
ings, and its wealth is probably at this moment as if it had
no taxes at all. What its taxes really do Is to subtract from
its means, not of production but of enjoyment; since what-
ever any one pays in taxes, he could, it it were not taken
for that purpose, employ in indulging his ease, or in gtati-
fymg some want or taste which at present ic mams unsatis-
fied "—Mill's Political Kconoimj, vol. 2, p. 370.
The philosophy of this is well stated by Mc-
Culloch", the author of the Commercial Diction-"
ary, with which we are all familiar. I read from
a volume in which he treats specially of the sub-
ject of taxation, and the value of his authority will
not, I think, be questioned. He is speaking of a
doctrine advanced by Hume, with which he does
not altogether agree:
"The operation of this principle has been strikingly
evinced in the financial history of this country since the
commencement of the American war. 1 hat contest, and
the more recent struggle with revolutionary France, occa-
sioned a vast nieieasc of taxation, and an expenditure that
has no paiallei m the histoiy of the world. The public debt,
which amounted to about one hundied and toity-five mil-
lions in 1772, amounted to about eight hundied and forty-
lour millions in 1817; and in addition to the immense sums
latsed bv borrowing, thu gross produce of the taxes levied in
tin1 United Kingdom during the late war exceeded the enor-
mous sum ot thnteen hundred millions sterling! And yet
the lapid increase ol population, the wonderful ptogrcss and
impiovementot agueulturp, maiiulaeture%and commerce,
the extension and embellishment of towns and cities; the
formation ot so many new docks, roads, and canals; and
the infinite vat icty of expensive linden.iking- entered upon
and completed in all partsof the couuuy dining the contin-
uance oi hostilities, show cleaily tiiat the savings of the
mass oi the people gieatly exceed the wailike expenditure
of Goveininentaud the unprofitable expenditureof individ-
uals."—McCulloch on Taxation, p. 8.
Again, speaking of a notion advanced which
he is about to answer, that what is spent in war
is taken from the national wealth, he says:
" But this, though a populai, is a very doubtful conclusion.
A speculation ot this  ort is necessaiily, indeed, mcuin-
boed with fco many difficulties as to admit of little else
than piobabilities; though these, we thmk, go far to war-
lant the belief that, but tor the contests in which we have
been engaged since the Revolution, the greatei portion of
the vvealtn expended in cauynig them on would never have
existed. Smith forgot that an mcreasc of taxation has the
same powerlul influence over a nation that an increase of
his taimly,oi ol his nece?sary expenses, hua over a private
individual. The constantly increasing piessuieof taxation
dunng the war begun in 1793, was felt by all classes, and
juve a spur toindustiy, enterprise, and invention, and gen-
erated a spirit of economy that wo «liou!d have m v.un
attempted to excite by any less powerful means. Ilad
taxation been vciy oppiessive, it would not have had this
effect, but it was not so ingli as to pioduco eithei dejection
ordespau, though it was a' the same tune sufficient l> heavy
to render a veiy consideiable inciease ofindustiy and par-
simony necessary to prevent it iiom encioaehmg on the
fortunes of individuals, or, at all events, from dimmiohing
the rate at which they had previously been increasing.
Man is not influenced solely by hope, he is also powerfully
operated on by tear. Taxation brings the latter principle
into the field. To the desire of lining m the woiId, im-
planted in the bieast of every individual, an increase of
taxation supetadds the fear ol being cast down to a lower
station, of being depuved ot conveniences and giatifica-
tions which habit has rendeied ail but indispensable, and
the combined influence of the two principles ptoduees Je-
suits that could not he produced by the unassisted agency
of either. Without the American war and the late French
war, theie would have been less industry and less frugality,
because there would have been ie=s occasion for them.
And we incline to think that tho-e who inquire dispassion-
ately into the matter, wiil mostprobablysee reason to con-
clude that the increase of industry and frugality, occasioned
by these contests, more than sufficed to dcliav their enor-
mous expense, and that the capital of the eounti > is pioba-
biy about as great at tbi< moment as it would have been had
they not occurred."—Ibid., p. 10.
Now, Mr. President, observe, all these things
are said in England by eminent economists in the
face of the debt growing out of their long strug-
gles both with our country and on the continent
of Europe—a debt four times as large as is antici-
pated to be the debt the result of this war; and
let me ask how was England belter able to pay
the interest on this debt than we? I say not as
well able. It may be thought by some a paradox
in politico-economical science; but understand, I
insist that taxation is to come out of production.
When the war with Fiance was ended, Great
Britain had but nineteen millions of people, not
equal to the population of the free States, and then
what were her means of production? Had she
more genius in the invention of means to save
labor than have we? We have been m advance
of her m that respect, and are to-day. Had she
our fruitful fields, our virgin soil ? Had she our
vast inland trade or a commerce such as we now
possess? Had she capital ? Yes; she hod capi-
tal; but there has been no want of capital with us
for all purposes of profitable production. We
have always been able, from the war of 1832 to
this time, to find the capital that would engage
productive labor, and then we- are, as a people,
