1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
72-7
hope it will be. At the head of the list are the names
of the present and of two preceding mayors of the
city of Philadelphia. And there are a thousand
names to this petition embracing the first men in
the city of Philadelphia—Ingersoll, Dallas, and
others who are equally distinguished among them.
They pray that m this time of trouble particular
attention may be paid to the birthday of General
Washington, and that it maybe solemnized in
this House, and that on the 22(1 day of February
both H'ouses shall meet, and that the Farewell
Address of Washington shall be read, and that
there shall also be ordered to be read, at the head
of the regiments of the Army of the United States
such parts of the Address as may be considered
appropriate. There is one great name in our coun-
try that still exercises a great influence over the
hearts of all true and loyal Americans. It is need-
less to say that name is Washington—a name that
stands a/one, and high above all others.
In time of trouble and peril all our hearts are
naturally turned to him for lessons of patriotism
and every public virtue.
The object of the signal commemoration of his
birthday, proposed by the petftioners, is to im-
press his name more deeply on the mind and
hearts of the American people; to kindle the mem-
ory of him into a flame of patriotism, and by the
noble inspiration of his good and glorious name
enable us the better to maintain and defend that
greatand free Government and Union which, under
God, he established for us.
I hope that Congress will concur in the prayer
of the petitioners; and I ask that it may be read.
The petition was read, as follows:
To the Congress of the United States:
The people of Philadelphia, whose mimes are under-
written, beg leave respectfully to address tlicniHelves to
your honorable bodies.
Dwelling hi a city of which tlie very atmosphere is laden
with ennobling revolutionary memories; whom, m May,
1787, assembled, under the auspices ot Washington the pre-
siding ofltce>, the first convention of the American people
to establish a form of government which should supersede
the old Articles of Confederation, and form si moiepciieet
Union; whore, in the ensuing September, the great work
of that convention was accomplished ; where Washington
passed the gieater puit of his illustuous career as Presi-
dent of thii United States, and closed it; and fioin wlicnce
Washington issued to his countrymen, with "all its untold
wealth of Wisdom and patriotism, that immortal Farewell
Address, which even in the pages of British history is pro-
nounced "unequaled by any .composition of uninspired
wisdom"—the people of Philadelphia remembering all this,
and inoie, may fanly claim to look forwaid to the upptoach-
ing anniversary of the birth of Washington, the first since
the outbieak ot the gieat rebellion, with feelings of the
deepest interest.
Cherishing lor their beloved Constitution and Union, as
received from the foundcis of both, a devoted and undying
affection ; yielding to none in heaitfelt loyalty to both ; the
people of Philadelphia, who^e names ate underwritten, ai e
of opinion that the approaching anmversaiy of the birth of
"Washington ought to be commemoiatcd on this occasion
by Congress on a .-cale commensurate with the keen feel-
ings of patuotnm stirred up by the return of that da\ in the
hearts of the Ameiican people.
They are of the opinion that no eonnnemoiauon of the
day more appiopuate to this ictuin of it, or m<wc congenial
to every loyal American citizen could be devised than the
following:
That the Farewell Addiess of Washington be read aloud
on the morning of that day in one or the other ol the liou-os
of Congress, by the President of the Senate oj Speaker of
the Ilou^e of Representatives, in the presence of the mem-
bers of both Houses.
That the Piesident of the United Slates and his Cabinet,
the ex-Pr£sidents, the judges of the Supreme Court, tin-
representatives ot foreign Governments accredited to our
own, the officers of the Army and Navy of the United States
at the seat of Government, and distinguished citizens, be
invited to attend.
And that the proceedings of the day, including the Fare-
well Address, be published in pamphlet form m a manner
suited to the dignity of the occasion and widely cnculated
among the American people.
Alsu, that the Farewell Address, or suitable parts of it,
be read aloud on that day whei ever practicable ; at the head
of the armies and on board of the ships-of-war of the United
States, in the field and in camp, at sea and in port, by the
officers of each,a& the highest incentive with our brave de-
fenders to continued devotion to our glorious Constitution
and Union.
Your memorialists therefore prav your honorable bodies
to pass a joint resolution to the above effect.
Philadelphia, January 31, A. D■ 1862.
Mr.. CRITTENDEN. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the subject-matter of the petition pre-
sented from the people ot Philadelphia for the propei cele-
bration of the 22d of February be referred to a select com-
mittee of five, who shall report to this House the action
which, in their judgment, ought to be taken 111 relation to
said subject.
Mr. LOVEJOY mov^J to amend The resolution
by adding thereto the following:
Resolved, That in connection with the above there be
read the Declaration of Independence and the address of
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to the Army after
the battle of Mill Spring.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. It is
that the amendment is not germane to the original
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is in order.
Mr.HUTCHINS. I demand theprcviousques-
tion. «
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurring upon the amendment to
the resolution,
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was®decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahlrich, Alley, Arnold, Baker, Baxter,
Bcaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, George il. Browne, Buffinton, Burnham, Campbell,
Chamber)in, Clark, Colfax, Itoscoc Conkling, Davis, Duel),
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fessen-
den, Fisher, Fouke, Franchot, Fiank, Granger, Ilanchett,
Hooper, Ilorton, Ilutchins, Kellry, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Lansing, Uoomts, Lovcjoy, McKmgbt,
Marston, Mitchell, Moorhoad, Anson P. Moirill. Justin S.
Morrill, Patton, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander II. liice, John
II. llice, ifiddlc, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellahaigcr, Sheiman, Sloan, Spaulding, Ste-
vens, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upton, Van Horn, Van
Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Verree, Wall, Charles W. Wal-
ton, Albeit S. White, Wilson, YVindom, and Worcester
—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Biddle, Jacob B.Blair, William G. Brown,
Calveit, Clements, Cobb, Fiedeiick A, Conkling, Conway,
Coming, Cox, Cravens, Cnsfield, Ciittcnden, Dawes, Dun-
lap, Dunn, Gruler, Haight, f J ale, Ilall, Harding, Haiuson,
Hickman, llolman, Ivillinger, Knapp, Law, Lr.uy, Mc-
pherson, Mallory, Maj, Maynard,Menzies, Noble, Noel!,
Norton, Pendleton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter,
Richardson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Shiel, Smith,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiatton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas. Voorhccs, Wadswoitii. Waf •
lace, Wheeler, Whalcy, Chilton A. White, Wickhffe,
Woodruff, and Wright—39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Dklano had been
called home by sickness in his family.
Mr. HOLM AN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution as amended.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
Jable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, subsequently appointed as
such committee Messrs. Crittenden, Lovkjoy,
English, Fenton, and Fisher.
REBELLIOUS CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
R^ohtd, That the Secretary of 'War be directed to re-
port to this House any correspondence which may be Jound
on the files ol his Department, tending to show preparation
by any State foi an aimed and treasonable rebellion against
the Union.
The SPEAKERannounced as the regular order
of business the call of committees for reports of
bills and resolutions for reference.
GEORGE B. SIMPSON.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the consent of the House
to present a memorial signed by Geoigc B. Simp-
son. It is the memorial of a gentleman who has
been accused of disloyalty by a committee of this
House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It can be presented under the
rule, I suppose.
The SPEAKER. It must be presented under
the rule, if its presentation in the House is ob-
jected to.
J Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman hear what
j it is before he objects?
| Mr. LOVEJOY. That is what I want; but the
; Speaker does not allow it,
| Mr. DAWES. It is the memorial of a gentle-
j man who is accused of disloyalty by a committee
j of this House. He asks for a hearing before the
I committee. The memorial is addressed to the
| House in respectful language. Mr. Simpson is a
i stranger to me; but at his request I present it, and
1 ask that it be read and referred to the committee
i on the disloyalty of Government employes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to the
memorial being referred and printed*, but I see no
reason for departing from the usual practice mid
having it read. #
The memorial was referred to the committee on
the disloyalty of Government employes, and or-
dered to be printed.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Hcsoiyerf, That the committee on the defenses of the
great lakes and rivers be authorized to employ a clerk on
the usual terms, for not exceeding sixty days.
Several Members objected.
DETAIL OF NAVY OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr^EDGWICK, by unani-
mous consent, the sBjlflOtie Senate (No. 180)
authorizing the detailxrPfNffftl officers for the ser-
vice of the War Department was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second time
by its title.
The bill, which was read in full, provides that
the President of the United States may tempo-
rarily detail three competent naval officers for the
service of the War Department in the inspection
of transport vessels, and for such other services
as may be designated by the Secretary of War.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. SEDG WICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.  
VIRGINIA ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I wish to call up for consideration at this time the
report of the Committee of Elections on the me-
morial of Joseph Segar, praying for admission into
this House as a Representative from the first con-
gressional district in Virginia.
The resolution reported by the committee was
read, as follows: *
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is not entitled to a aeat in
this House as a Representative in the Thnty-Seventh Con-
gress from the first district In Virginia.
Mr. NOELL.*I desire to move to strike out all
after the word "resolved," and to insert in lift,
thereof the following:
That Joseph Segar is entitled to a scat in this House as
a llepiescntativc in the Thirty-Seventh Congress from the
first congressional district in Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for the gentleman to offer
that, amendment.
Mr. Speaker, the views of the Committee of
Elections, to whom was referred the memorial of
Joseph Segar praying to be admitted to a seat in
this House, and which it is proper that the House
should bo possessed of at this time, are set forth
in the printed report, DocumentNo. 12. They are
set forth there precisely as they would be setforth
by me in any remarks I might offer at this time
I propose, therefore, to have the report read by tho
Clerk, and then, after corroding two unimportant
and immaterial errors in the report, I shall leave
this case for such debate as it may give rise to.
The Clcik road the report, as follows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom was referred the
memoj tal of Joseph Segar, praying to be admitted to a seat
in tins Ilouie ana Rcpi esomative in tho Thirty-Seventh
Uongiess trom the fn t district in Viigima, repoit: '
That they have had the subject-matter of said memorial
under consideration, and have considered such testimony
and such views in its support as the memorialist desired to
ofFer. An aigument addicsscd to the committee, through
its chairman, maybe found, punted by order of the House,
in Miscellaneous Document NTo. 29 of the present session.
The committee find the following facts: A convention as-
sembled at Wheeling, in the State of Vngmia, on the 11th
of June last, iu which were repiesented, it is believed,
thirty-nine counties of the State, situate in what is known
a* Western Vnginia. This convention adopted on the I9th
of June " an ordinance for the reorganization of the state
government." After having declared that, because of the
treasonable practices and purport, of the State convention
lately held in Richmond and of the Executive of the State
in connection therewith, " the offices of all who adhere to
the paid convention and Executive,whether legislative, ex-
ecutive, or judicial, are vacated.5' liy the tame ordinance
a Legislature, or General Assembly, for the State of Virginia
was created, and required to '-assemble in the city of
Wheeling on the 1st day of July, and proceed to organize
themselves as piescribed by existing law in their respect-
, ive branches." Said convention subsequently elected a
I Governor for the State of Virginia, who still holds the office
j thu* confeircd upon him.
The Legislature thus created assembled a* required, and
pas^d many enactments for the whole State of Virginia,
elccted two United States Synatois, who were admitted to
