1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
mans on the line of the overland mail route, and
I do believe that if the Government will favor the
Pacific States with another such appointment as
that of John C. Fremont, there will be none but
honest men left there.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know how
that is; bat I would be sorry to have him in our
country, to bring; the same gang around him which
he had there. We are very grateful to the Presi-
dent that he confined him to the mountain region.
Mr. COLFAX. As the gentleman from Ne-
vada has taken a hand in this discussion, I desire
to say that his remarks as to General Fremont
were very unkind to the gentleman from Missouri,
because it was on the direct appeal of that gentle-
man, and by the influence of his family connec-
tions, after along acquaintance with Fremont, that
he was putin command of the western department.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am afraid the gen-
tleman from Nevada was a little unkind, and the
gentleman from Indiana has piled it on. I have
admitted in contrition, in sackcloth and ashes, that
I had some hand in his appointment and in the
designation of him to that command. I do not
know that I was so potent as the gentleman from
Indiana intimates, and I rather suspect him of
laughing at me.
Mr. COLFAX. Oh, no.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. But it makes no
kind of difference. I consider that I have suf-
fered enough for that; and if God will forgive me
for it, Fremont will never get into any other com-
mand by my help. At the same time, while I was
just as blind to the faults of General Fremont as
the gentleman from Indiana is now, and while 1
did my utmost to serve him, as he well knows,
for long years, and while my whole family did
the same thing, if the gentleman chooses to pick
up the cast-off of anybody else, he is welcome to
do so, but I think he will get as sick of him as I
have got hefoie he gets through.
Mr. COLFAX I have not picked up the cast-
off of anybody. With the gentleman from Mis-
souri I was, in past years, the friend of Fremont,
and have kept right straight on, while it is the
gentleman from Missouri who has switched off.
Mr. BLA.IR, of Missouri. When Fremont be-
gan to switch off toward these intrenchments, and
to make these contracts for four times prices, I
think it was about the time that the gentleman
from Indiana should have switched off too. If
ho ran go on the same track with him and defend
this kind of acts, I can only say he is welcome to
do so.
Now, the long and the short of this thing is,
that here is a contract made, as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Diven] has said, without any
authority at all; because, although the gentleman
from Indiana has read dispatches from General
Meigs and others to buy guns, these things are
properly done by the staff officer who is charged
with the making of contracts. It was a usurpa-
tion for General Fremont to make such a contract,
and he is responsible for doing so, instead of leav-
ing it to the pioper officer of the Government. But
he chose to make this contract himself, and to
allow four times the price to an adventurer from
California, The gentleman from Indiana defends
the act because of the necessity of the case. Why,
sir, these forts are all in the city of St. Louis. They
are not for the protection of the city. They are
all inside the city. An enemy who would begin
to make an attack on these forts would, by the
very bombardment, destroy the city itself. Who
ever heard of l mldm« a large fort inside the built
up part of a city to defend it from the guns of an
enemy? Ifthegunsoftheenemyhad been planted
anywhere round arid had been turned upon these
forts, they would have destroyed the city in bom-
barding the forts. But 1 say the city of St. Louis
never was in danger except from Fiemont. The
only danger we apprehended was from him. Why,
sir, General Lyon never thought of building forts
around bt. Louis, even when he had an enemy
encamped a mile and three quarters from the city.
He moved out and took them, put them in the
calaboose, and kept them there, instead of build-
ing fortifications at such immense cost, for which
there was, as I have said, no earthly necessity,
and which, if there had been, would have done no
good except to make joba for the friends of Gen-
eral Fremont from California, in whom he has
such implicit confidence, as he says he has m his
defense.
Now, sir, I would not have myself submitted
such a resolution as that now before the House,
offered by thegentlemanfrom New York. I would
have been content to have left these matters for
the public judgment upon the record as it is made
up; but when the gentleman from Indiana under-
takes to ascribe malicious motives to everybody
who does not uphold the course of General Fre-
mont, I desire to say something in response.
Mr. COLFAX. I have not ascribed any ma-
licious motives to the gentleman from Missouri.
I am aware that, from the time the gentleman
from Missouri broke with General Fremont, last
September, he has been consistent, open, and un-
disguised in his opposition to him. What I said
was, that I thought the course of the gentleman
from New York, in allowing this resolution to lie
unacted on without attempting to call it up until
the fifth month of the session, and until General
Fremont was again in the field, and in the pres-
ence of the enemy, looked somewhat malicious.
I said nothing m reference to the gentleman from
Missouri in this connection, because his opposi-
tion to General Fremont has been open and un-
disguised the whole time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I understood the
gentleman to say that the whole opposition to
General Fremont was the result of malignity.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; I confined my remark
to the resolution of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I claim
to have acted in this matter from as high motives
as the gentleman from Indiana or any other gen-
tleman. I assail General Fiemont because I be-
lieve it to be a public duty, and for no other rea-
son. The fact of my past friendship for him, and
the fact of my having supported him, would have
deterred me from making any assault upon him
if I had not regarded it as a public duty to do so.
Although he did endeavor in one sense to perse-
cute me, by arrests and in various ways, yet I
have never descended to assail lum in any manner
except where, in my judgment, the public good
required it.
The gentleman from Indiana spoke the other
day of the gieat damage done in Missouri by as-
sailing General Fremont in the presence of the
enemy, and he now makes the same remark in
relation to Western Virginia; and he commences
again to complain that troops are taken away from
his command at Cumberland Gap. I noticed, too,
the other day, that a correspondent writing from
Wheeling to a New York paper goes into the
same description of sniveling about the injustice
done to General Fremont's command.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman misunderstood
me.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I did not apply the
term " sniveling" to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. I did not even complain of
what had been done. I mentioned the movement
of troops to which the gentleman refers, and said
that I supposed it to be right. I complain of no
military movements. I suppose them all to be
meant for the public good, and because the public
necessity requires them, even when I differ as to
their policy. I made no complaint of any military
movement, sniveling or otherwise.
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. Then I have done
the gentleman from Indiana injustice.
J\Sr. COLFAX. I think you did.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. But I have not done
these letter-writers injustice at all. They have
done what I attributed to them. Everywhere
General Fremont goes, these letter-writers follow
on, whoever they are; and you will find them as-
sailing the Government for not furnishing more
troops, and for not furnishing them sooner, and
for everything done or not done by the Govern-
ment in his department. It was so during the
whole campaign of General, Fremont in Missouri
It was one succession of sniveling from beginning
to end. And so it is now in Western Virginia.
It is a continued and persistent attempt to bring
the Government into contempt, by showing that
they are doing this man great injustice; that they
are not doing what is right to him there or else-
where. It may be a very proper thing for an
Army officer to be continually, through his friends,
if not directly, assailing the Government he is
professing to serve, and a very improper thing to
assail him. Of that the country will judge.
The gentleman from Indiana says he has good
authority for saying that the order was at first for
twenty-five thousand men to be sent from Mis-
souri to Washington at the time of the surrender
of Lexington. Well, sir, if such was the fact,
Genoral Fremont never heard of it.
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; I said the appeal was
made to the President for twenty-five thousand
troops to be transferred from General Fremont's
command to the Potomac, and that we were in-
debted to the President for the fact that the call
was for five thousand instead of twenty-five thou-
sand.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; and we
are indebted to the Presidentfor something more.
We owe it to him that the call was not insisted
on—that not one man was taken from Missouri
under that call.
Mr. COLFAX. I concede that; but the call
was not countermanded until four days after the
order had been sent to Fremont, and he had been
striving to respond to it on the one hand, and to
reinforce Lexington on the other.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is another
thing which itis very well to remember: that Gen-
eral Fremont, by his own official statement, had
during all this time when Price was marching on
Lexington,fifty-five thousand men within striking
distance of Lexington. He had in his command
fifty-five thousand men within three days' march
of Lexington when Price sat down before it. It
was not until nine days afterwards that Mulligan
surrendered, and Price remained there for ten days
subsequent. For nineteen days, therefore, this
force under his command was within three days'
march of Lexington, and yet because of this call
for five thousand men, not one of whom left Mis-
souri under it, General Fremont could not send
reinforcements to Lexington. And this is the
statement which the gentleman from Indiana says
I could not answer.
Mr. COLFAX. I did not say the gentleman
could not answer. I said he did not.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This call for five
thousand tioops never was responded to. Not
one man went out of Missouri under it. Yet this
is the excuse for not sending reinforcements to
Mulligan, at Lexington. If there is any other
excuse I should like to know what it is.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri had done me the honor to listen to my re-
marks the other day upon this matter, or if he had
read my speech after it was printed, as I read his,
he would not find it necessary to ask me now what
was the reason that Colonel Mulligan did not re-
ceive reinforcements.
The surrender of Lexington took place on the
20th of September. On the 13th of September—
one week before Lexington fell—as I said the
other day, the telegraph wires were hot in every
direction with dispatches from General Fremont
for reinforcements. He telegraphed to General
Pope, who replied that he would be there with
two regiments on a day named, which was two
days before the surrender, and two regiments
more by the next day. But he failed to reach there.
He telegraphed to Geneial Sturgis, who came
down to near the north bank of the river, but
withdrew in consequence of want of transporta-
tion to cross the river. He telegraphed in another
direction to Jefferson C. Davis, who started his
troops up the river; but they landed at Glasgow
in consequence of the rumor that the enemy were
there to prevent the passage of the steamboat up
the river; and in conseqence of an unfortunate
occurrence, to which I alluded the other day, they
failed to reach Lexington. During all this time,
when General Fremont was endeavoring in every
possible way to send reinforcements to Colonel
Mulligan, the order came from Washington for
five thousand men, requiring him to weaken his
force still more. That is what I said was the
reason General Fremont did not succeed in reach-
ing Lexington with reinforcements.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. And yet the gen-
tleman has not shown that General Fremont was
not responsible for not reinforcing Colonel Mulli-
gan. What was the use, I ask, in telegraphing
to Pope on the north side of the river, and to Stur-
gis on the north side of the river, when he had
ten thousand men at Jefferson City, within a short
distance up the river?
Mr. COLFAX. He started them up.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I say he never
started them up. Their commander was not or-
