728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
seats itt the Senate,, and assumed all the functions of the
Geireral Assembly of Virginia under its preexisting consti-
tution and laws. The convention which created and set in
motion this new government did not, however, dissolve it-
self upon thcas-sumptioimif the several Junctions ofgovern-
mentby theoxecutiyoofficersandGeneral Assembly which,
ilk the oxerci&e of provisional powers, it had itselt brought
into being, but continued to hold its meetings alter the a*,
se'mbiingof the legislature, and to share with it in ordi-
nary legislation for the whole State. The Legislature was
in session till the 2Uh of July, and how much longer the
committee are not informed. Tiie convention was in ses-
sion on tije 29th of August, and on that day passed an ordi-
nance providing for the election ofllepresentatives in Con-
gress in eaclvdistuct whore, from any cause, such election
was not held on the fourth Thursday in May last, the day
provided by law for such election, and also " in the eleventh
district, wbeie a vacancy now exists, an election for such
Representative shall he held on the fourth Tuesday in Oc-
tober next, which shall be conducted, and the result ascer-
tained, doclaied,and certified ii) the manner directed in the
second edition of the Co$g. offi$g|rginia." The Governor
thereupon, on the 13th issued the following
proclamation; jPray®.:
The Commonwealth of Virginia.
Executive Department,
Wheeling, Oclobcr 19, 1861.
To the People of Virginia:
Whereas seveial of the Congressional districts of this
State are unrepresented in the Uou^e of Kepiehcniativesin
the Congress of the United States, by reason of failure to
elect on the fourth Thursday in May last, caused by aimed
men in rebellion against the Constitution and laws of the
United States .and of this State; and it being the right of
the Idval inhabitants in each distnet. to be lepresenicd in
said House by a Representative of their own appointing,
the convention of Vnginia, on ihc 20th day of Au u.-t, 1801,
passed an ordinance directing an election to be held on the
fourth Thursday in October institute (!24th,) in every district
of the State so unrepiesented and wheie vacancies exist.
It-is further made the law, by virtue of the ordinance afoie-
said, that any prison who is prevented fiom attending such
election, byieason of the occupation of his own county by
armed men In hostility to the Government, that such voter
may vote anywhere in his concessional distnet itis fur-
ther ordained that the election shall be conducted, and the
result ascertained, deeiaird, and certified, m the' manner
directed in the Code of Virginia of the edition of I860. i)y
the eleventh scctioh of chapter seventh of that code, any
two freeholders may hold an election directed by law atany
plaec of voting, if no commissioner to supeuntend the same
appeaia and is willing to act, or if no commissioners have
been appointed to hold the election.
Now, therelore, in consideration of the picmlses, f. Fran-
cis H. Pierpont, fiovi ruor of the Commouwcalth of Vir-
ginia, do hereby entreat the loyal voters of tins State to hold
elections in their several districts on the day above men-
tioned, to the end that the people may be repiusented, the
principle of representative government sustained, and the
Sjate have ber due weight in the national Legislature.
W F. II. PIERPONT.
It is by virtue of an alleged election, held in conformity
with this proclamation, that the memorialist claims the
aeijt. The only evidence of his election, presented by the
memorialist on the first day of the present session when he
applied for admission, was the following certificate :
In conformity with the proclamation of Francis JI. Pier-
pont, Governor of Virginia, a copy of which is herewith
attached, an elcctum was duly held for a^lepresentativc in
the first congressional distnet, at-llampton, Elizabeth City
county, State of Virginia, on Thursday, the 24th day of
October, 1831.
The following in a duplicate copy of the return of the
votes cast at said election :
Poll opened at Hampton* Tllizabelh City couvttf, Virginia,
for ihe election of member oj C^n^rcss jrom the jh it /•■m
grcssional dishut oj Virginia, Octolxr-ii, lhSf>i.
Candidates.
Names of Volets, Scgui. Jacobs,.
J. S. Vhmdy.... ,j
K, Whiting 
Harvey itnbbins I
William Sineey 1
William Jlowell 1
Levi I)uim 1
Henry Hott^e. 1
Ilemy Wimaker..,^, 1
Thomas Watsoji .1
Paiker Mili.sou  1
John Showaul, i
.William J. iiiudfk i
Milton K Mu/.y  1
•Jacob Miller !
John Watson   1
James L. Howell j
S.Kelly I
James Latimer.,..* 1
Willie Wuson I
William B.utieu 1
Solomon Lh My^ter   1
Sanfciel Watson 1
John McOuun        I
Theodoie Tennis 1
Thomas Dobbins i _ •
1 cet uty that the above i-> a coneet. legistcr of the votes
polled at Hampton, Virginia, thi* 24th day of Oclobcr, 1601.
ALEXANDER VVORRALL, Clerk
We, the undersigned,freeholdersot Elizabeth Citv countv,
State of Vngtma, do hereby certify that the above cleetuio
wat' conducled ngieeably to the call of F. 11. Pierpont.
Goveruoi of the State ot Virginia, by pioclumatiou issued
the I2th day ot October, A. 1>. i^ol.
THOMAS DOBBINS
T. S. TENNIS.
f hereby ceitify that the above Thomas Dobbins and
Theodore S. Tennis were duly sworn by me as judges of
election, held at Hampton, Elizabeth City county, State of
Virginia, this 24th day of October, 1861.
CAPTAIN N. M. BURLEIGH,
Provost Marshal at Camp Hamilton.
Witness:
William Bartlett, Teller.
Upon a subsequent day of the session the memorialist
presented the following proclamation of the Goveinor, de-
claring hiin elected:
By the Governor.—Proclamqj-ion.
Whereas the people of Virginia, in convention assembled,
at Wheeling, on the 20th day of August, 1861, did oidam
"that m eveiy congressional district where, from any cause,
an election ot Representative in the Congress ot the United
States was not held on the fourth Thursday in May last, an
election for such Representative shall be held on the fouith
Thursday in October next, which shall be conducted, and
the result ascertained and certified in the mannei directed
in the seconcfbdition of the Code ofVirginia;" and wheieas,
m pursuance of said ordinance, an election was held in the
fir-it congressional distrietot Virgin in composed of the coun-
ties ofMiddlcscx, Westmoreland, Richmond, Essex, North-
umberland, King and Queen, Lancaster, Gloucester, Mat-
thews, James City, the city of Williamsbuip, Now Kent,
Yoik, Warwick, Noithamplon, Aecomac, and Elizabeth
City, on the 2-lth day of October, 1861, at winch a majouty
of the votes cast were given fui Joseph Segai, Esq.:
Now, theiefore, i, Fianeis TI. Pieipont, Govemoi of the
Commonwealth of Virginia, do declare, by this my procla-
mation, the said Joseph rtegar, Esq., duly elected torepie-
! cntthc first congiessionnl distnet of Virginia in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress of the United States of America.
Given under my hand and thereat seal of the Common-
wealth, at Wheeling, this 20th day of December,
[r, s.] in the yearof oni Loid 1861, and in the eighty-sixth
year of the Commonwealth.
FUANCiS II. PIERPONT.
By the Governor:
L. A. Hagans, Secretary of the Commonwealth.
lie also, at the same tune, presented the proceedings of
a meeting held in Clnncoteague Island, in said district, on
the 10th of December, in winch one hundred and thirty-six
citizens expiessed then preference for hi m as aRepi (tent-
ative in Congiesa bv foimallv voting for him on that day.
Far this last pioceeding, howevet, he claimed only the force
of'an expiessiou of opinion. These last-mentioned papers
were akorcfcired to the committee. The memoiialist bases
his claim entuely upon the twenty-five votes 'ea^t for him
at Hampton on the 24th day of October, aeeoidmg to the
certificate of the freeholder already quoted, lie assorts
his claim to be a «-ti ictly legal one. That the votes cast for
him were cast by legal voieis in ajl icsp cts in conformity
with law *, and that the only inquiry open to the committee
oi to the House. beyond tins conformity with the law, is,
did the memonale-t icceive more votes than anyothei per-
son.2 And it is not to be inquired how many'vole-, weie
ea-t except to settle the question ofa majouty, foi that all
who do not vote are piesitmed to awnt.
The committee have been led to investigate this claim of
legality. The whole authority for this election is the oidi-
nancc of the Wheeling convention,.parsed August^ As-
suming that the proceedings of that convention, and of the
Legislature and Executive created by it, have npened into
a State government, legal in all re.-pcci-*, still the question
arises, was it one of the functions of that convention to
provide for the time, place, and manner ot electing Repre-
sentatives in Congress, especially after the Legislnune had
assembled ? The purpo e of that convention was the ere-
atiou ofa new State government. The only basis upon
which it rests is necessity.
A new government mast begin Homewhcic, and there
must be somebody to make it. As necessity wns the found-
ation, so also it was the hum of the power called into being
toi the sole p\u po-e. of iii.tugmatiug a new govern men!. 11
could do anj tinner necessary to cat ry out that purpose, and
when that w as done it could do no more, its functions
ceased tlte moment the new government took on iorm and
hie. The two cannot, in the nattu** of things, cxi.it and
move paii passu. Now, long beioie tliW oidinam-e haul
passed the convention, tlieie was in existence a Governor
and a iiCghlatui is having all the pnweir- thin a Governoi and
Legi-latuie could have in Vnginia—that i-,, all thepowci-v
which the constitution of Vnginia clothes a Govemoi and
Lege«latuu5 with, not in conflict with the Constitution of
the United State-. Now, tins lattei instrument pi ovules
(aitiele 1, section 4,1 that a the times, places, and mannei
of holding elections for Senatois and Representatives shall
be piesci i*bed in each Stale by the Legislature t/meof.') it
is a legislative act It is a law And the constitution of
Vnginia piovules Carticlc 3, section JO,) that all laws shall
oiigmate in the llout>c of Delegates, to be approved or ic-
jectcd by the Senate,oi to be .\mend<vd, with the consent of
the House of Delegates.Whatevei necessity may leqmie
when tiH'ie is no Hou>c of Delegate*, when there is one all
law?, bhal/ migmatc in it. They cannot originate anywheie
els.- it tin; tunc had boon fixed in the constitution of the
State, recogni/.ed and acquiesced in hv the Legislature, it
may be said to beihe actoi the law-making power—a legis-
lative act. Hut this tune ahd mannei were not fixed in the
organic act, nor by the Legislature ; but by the convention
assuming legislative Junctions in the piescnce ol theLegis-
ldture itself.
Again : the ordinance itself propo^ps to conform this
election to the Code of Yngmia. it "shall be conducted,
and the reMlit aseeitained, declared, and ceitifn^i in the
niiinnet dircetod in tije second edition of the Code of Vn-
ginia." Has the election under consideration been eon-
ducted in all lespeets according to the lequirements of the
\ nginia code : Title tjitee, chapter seven, section eleven,
ot that code pmvtdes Joi election- to fill vacancies mCon-
giess, and enacts that they ''shall be Mipeimtcndcd and
held by tin; same otiiceis, under ihe same penalties, and
subject to the ^ame regulations ,irc piescnbed loi the
geneial (.deetions.-" Section tw.dve of the same, chapter
provides that " a icrif ot election shall be dnected to the
sbeuff oi sergeant of the county or coipoiation for which
the election is to be held; or if the election is to be held
for an election district, or to fill a vacancy in the Senate or
in Congress, to the several sheiiiFs and sergeants of the
counties and corporations which, or any parts of which,
are included in the^istrict. It shall prescribe the day of
election, (to be the same throughout the district,) and may
fix a day on which the ofiicers conducting the election are
to meet and make retm ns, not later than that fixed by law
in the case of a leguiar election."
Now, in the present case, there is nothing which answers
to a vjtit of election. The only paper originating this elec-
tion is the proclamation of the Governor, of October 12,
already copied into this report. This proclamation can be
consideied in no sense a writ of election. It commands
nohody, no authorized officer, to hold an election. It only
" entreats the loyal voters" to hold an election, and is ad-
dressed, notto sheriffs, &c., but" to the people ofVirginia."
This is no technical defect. The thirteenth section of the
same chapter of the Code provide ssomething for the sev-
etal officers, to whom the writ is directed, to do before the
election can be held. That section ia in these woids :
"Each officer to whom a writ of election is directed shall'
give notice theieof, and of the time of the election, by ad-
vertisement at tour of the most suitable places in his county
or corporation."
The reason of this enactment is manifest. The law, which
all arepiesumed to know, does not fix the time of holding a
special election. It is done by the Governor in his " writ
of election," dnecled to the sheriff. This ptovision of law
is necessary to insnie notonety, and it is made the duty of
the sheriff,'to whom.the writ is dnected, to do it in a par-
ticular manner. Now, this ptoclumation, if a writ, is di-
rected to no sheriff.
The memorialist stated to the committee with great frank-
ness that thcie was no election held at any other precinct
in the district, except Hampton, foi the reason that all other
parts of the district were at the time in possession of the
rebel forces, and that notice, even of the election, could not
pass beyond the enemy's lines to a single precinct in the dis-
trict. He stated,further, that he understood that the notice
reached Hampton through the agency of a gentleman, then
stopping in this city, who at one time contemplated being a
candidate, and who, observing the pioclamation published
in the National Intelligencer, communicated it by letter to
some gentleman m Hampton. These statements, taken to
be fact-5 by the committee, show conclusively a failure, to
cojnply with the piovisions of that section of the Virginia
Code touching notice to the electors of the district, to which
attention has alreauv been called. There arc other provis-
ions of the Code of Vnginia, respecting the returns of votes
and duties of ceitifymg officers, winch have been wholly
neglected m tins case. (Sec title 3, chapter 8, sections 3
and 4.) But these latter me matters of form merely, to which
the committee give very little weight in the conclusions ro
which they have airived.
it is appaient, from what has been already said, that, if
the claim of the memorialist rests exclusively upon a strict
conformity with all the -provisions of law, it cannot be
maintained.*
But the committee do not desire to rest theirjjouclusions
upon so mninw a basis. If the Union voters of the district
had had an oppoitunity tochoose a Representative—if there
had been no aimed occupation of the district by icbels, so
that polls could have been opened at the various voting
places in the distnet, ami all who desiied could have de-
posited their ballots, and had done so in conformity with
the piovisions of law, so far as thedistuibed and abnormal
condition of tilings would permit, the committee would
have sought some way to give effect to such election. But
enough of the facts surrounding this election have alieady
been stated to show that such not the case. Theic was
but one single poll in the whole district opened, and but
twenty-five votes cast. The reason why there were no
other poll? opened or lyoie votes cast cannot be better ex-
pressed than by tho three freeholders themselves, who cer-
tiiy to this election. This is their language :
'-And we do fuithcr certify that theie was no poll opened
at any othei precinct in said county; and that so far as we
can learn and confidently believe, there was no poll opened
or election held for member of Congiess in any other
county or city or town of said first congressional dismct,
owing to the fact that all the other counties and election
pieemcts of said congiessionnl distnet wete, on the 21th
day of October last, within the Hues and under the influ-
ence and control of the seceding and rebel States."
This state ot things is no fault of the memorialist or the
Union voter? of the district; but it did exist on the day of
this election. How can it be made to appear, th$n, that the
memoiialm is the choice of tho district, or that if an op-
poitumty had existed an overwhelming majority of votes
would not have been cast against him ? In what sense can
it be said that those who did not vote are to be piesumed
to acquiesce, when they neither had the oppoirutiity to
vote, nor the knowledge that voting was going on. Acqui-
escence presumes iibeity to protest. In this instance that
libei ty did not e\i«t. The memorialist laid before the com-
mittee much gratifying evidence ot the esteem in which he
is held in the distnet, and the testimonials of patriotic gen-
tlemen to his great sacrifices in behalf of the Union cause
and to the behet that he would be most acceptable to'the
Union voters of the districtas their Representative; but this
testimony, however valuable to the memorialist personally,
is not evidemc of an election, ami was not offered as such,
but rather at the lequest of the committee itself.
In conclusion, the committee are, for the foregoing rea-
sons, of opinion that the memorialist was not, by vntue of
the votes cast for him at Hampton, on the 24th of October
last, elected a Representative to this Congiess fiom thofnat
district in Virginia, and they accoidmg.y recommend the
passage of the following resolution :
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
giess fiom the first district m Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
two correctfons in thej-eport. At the hearing
before the committee, the gentleman claiming the
seat wus unable to furnish the committee with the
