1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
latest edition of the Code of Virginia, and the com-
mittee were at that time unable to possess them-
selves of it. It was his belief that the election laws
of Virginia had not been materially changed from
the code of 1849. In the belief that the election
laws of Virginia conformed to the code of 1849,
the committee have recited them as there found
in the report. Since the report was made, how-
ever, the committee^have been enabled to possess
themselves of the (Kntion of the laws of Virginia
published in 1860, and find that there are two
slight inaccuracies in the report in consequence of
using the other edition. They do not, however,
materially affect the conclusion to which the com-
mittee came; but for the sake of perfect accuracy
they ought to be mentioned.
The committcc incidentally remark in their re-
port thatthe constitution of Virginia provides that
all bills shall originate in the lower House of the
Legislature. That anomalous provision of the
constitution of Virginia has since been changed,
and now bills may originate in either House.
Further, the committee, m reciting a section of
the statute of Virginia requiring noticcs to voters in
cases of all special elections, recited the section
which they found in the old statute, which requires
that the sheriff or sergeant, on receiving the writ of
election from the Governor, shallgive four days'
notice thereof to the voters of his precinct and
throughout the district. If has been further, and
with more care, provided in subsequent legislation
that not only shall the sheriff or sergeant give four
days'notice, but that he shallgive ten days' notice
of election in the holding of every special election
for member of Congress, and that he shall not only
give that notice in four places, as was originally
provided, but that he shall give it at every precinct
throughout the district.
I will read the law as it now stands:
" Each officer to whom awnfof election N duccted -hall,
at least ton flay-; holore such flection, cive notice thereof,
and of the time of the ejection, by advbitisement. at each
place of voting m )n* county or corpoiution."
In point of fact, as is stated in the report, there
was no notice of this election at any other point
in the whole district, except at this place, where
this one poll was opened; and it is Slated as a
reason, that notice was impossible at any other
precinct in the district, because every other pre-
cinct in the district was in the armed occupation
of the rebels.
I do not desire to occupy the attention of the
House any further if they understand the report.
I invoke their attention to this case as involving
principles of vital importance in the matter of rep-
resentation upon this floor. ~ •
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the provision in the law in regard
to the publication of notice by the proper officcis
of the several counties in each congiessional dis-
trict is not merely directory, and whether a fail-
ure to give such notice in any congressional dis-
trict in the United States will render the election
void ?
Mr. DAWES. That, Mr. Speaker, is for this
House to say, and not for me. I suppose thatthe
gentleman from Ohio understands very well what
the object of this notice is. I suppose that he
understands very well the farce of having an elec-
tion which nobody knows anything of. It is for
the gentleman and for this House to say whether
such an election is to be held as valid—whether
twenty-five men, polling twenty-five votes, m no
respect conformably to law, at one place in a dis-
trict, an5. to send a Representative here, on the prin-
ciple that all the other voters in the district aie
presumed to acquiesce in what the twenty-five
have done if they stay away, while in point of
fact they knew nothing of what the twenty-five
were doing, and if they did know, weie bound
hand and toot so that they could not protest.
That is the question. Now, I wish to say only
further, that the whole of this case is bound up in
tlfe statement which I have just made. Twenty-
five men have gone through the form of casting
their votes for the memorialist, but in so doing
they have not m any one particular conformed to
the laws of Viigima.
Mr. MALLORY. I want to know from the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts whether the alle-
gation, that in no single instarce were the laws of
Virginia complied with in this election, is based
on information which the gentleman is in posses-
sion of, or whether he has merely assumed that
the laws were not complied with ? I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to advert to this point
before *he takes his seat. I understand that the
proposition of Governor Pierpont asserts that the
claimant was elected according to the laws of
Virginia, and is entitled to his seat. Is not this
House, in the absence of evidence specific and
direct that the laws were not complied with, bound
to assume that they were, and that the election is
in every form- and respect lawful ?
Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman from
Kentucky, that if a man comes here with the
certificate or proclamation of the Governor of a
State, declaring him to be the elected Represent-
ative of a particular district in that State, and if
that be all the evidence before the House, we are
bound to take that certificate and admit him to a
seat. J have no doubt upon that point. But that
is not.this case. I will ask my friend from Ken-
tucky whether he has read the report.
Mr. MALLORY. I heard it read.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman has heard the
report read, I wonder that he should have put that
question to me. The report points out precisely
the points of departure from the laws of Virginia,
as they were furnished to us by the memorialist
himself.
Now, if I have awakened the attention of the
House in this case, I have done all that the com-
mittee has charged me with doing. I am not here
to prosecute this case. 1 am here, as the mouth-
piece of the House, merely to bring to its atten-
tion the facts on which it is to base its action. I
have no further duty at present in this matter. I
am, in common with every member of the House,
to pass upon it as a judge, free from all bias or
prejudice, which, 1 am happy to say, I have had
no "occasion to cherish in connection with this
matter.
Mr. IIUTCHINS. I desire to know from the
gentleman from Massachusetts, whether there is
any disagreement in the Committee of Elections
as to this report?
Mr. DAWES. The committee, so far as I
know, wurc entirely unanimous in the conclusions
to which they come, in recommending this reso-
lution. It is a question which is to come up, not
in this case merely, but is to come up m cases
without number, that are ready at the door of the
committee-room, depending on the action of the
House in this case. Already that distinguished
patriot, Charles Henry Foster, has been reelected
for the fourth time, and his credentials are now
ready to be presented to the House. I hope, there-
fore, that the House will, in all seriousness, look
at this case in all its bearings; and its action in re-
gard to it the committee will find a piecedent to
govern them in future cases.
MESSAGE I'HOM THE SENATE.
A message was loccived from the Sen.itc by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
thatthe Senate had parsed a joint resolution lor
the relief of W. H. Nobles, m which he was di-
n-cted to ask the concuricnce of the House.
VIRGINIA ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. SEGAR, (the claimant.) Mr. Speaker, I
thank the House and the Committee of Elections j
for the privilege accoidrd me, of vindicating hen*, i
in person, the claim which I have set up to be a j
member of this body—not so much on my own j
personal account as on account of the grave issues ,
that are involved m this case. Whether the hum- .
hie individual before you shall be allowed to keep
his seat or not, is the very lowest and most msig- i
mlicant issue connected with it. As the gentleman j
who has just taken Ins seat has very well said, j
there aie lift* moie important piinciples involved j
in* this case. In my humble judgment, the report j
of* the committee, particularly the latter poi tion of ,
H, puts at issue some of the most ehenshed prin-
ciples of civil liberty and some of the dearest rights
under the Constitution of the United States. In
the very thieshold,the question is raised whether
loyalty shall be stifled and punished, and treason
recognized, countenanced, and rewarded. The
question is raised whether rebellion shall be al-
lowed to drive honest loyalists to the wall, and ,
keep them there tiansfixed. The question israised :
whether rebellion can rob any one of the citizens ;
of the CJnited States of any one of the glorious
privileges of our glonous Constitution. 1
The question is raised whether, not twenty-five, ,
but whether one single citizen, though the hum-
blest of the humble, if he be but true to the starry
banner of the Union, cannot come into this Hall
and ask, nay demand, that fcfghestand most pre-
cious of all the rights and privileges'of an-Amer-
ican citizen, the right of representation in this
Hall, where the taxes are faid, and where sit
armor-clad the trusted custodians of the rights of
the people.
Those, Mr. Speaker, are.the issues which I
have to argue here to-day, rising as far beyond
my petty personal interests in this matter as the
stars of heaven twinkle above the earth beneath.
I thank the House, I repeat, not for myself, but
for that gallant and loyal constituency of mine,
which, small though itbeinnumber,still love the
stars and stripes of our common country, who,
when the storm of treason dashed around them,
have, like good mariners, stuck to the good old
ship of State; who have been true among the faith-
less; and who, in sight'of the flag of the Union, as
it shook out its glory-lit folds from the ramparts
of Fortress Monroe, went up to freedom's pollsand
cast freemen's votes to elect a Representative in.
Congress. Their claim to be represented on this
floor I am here to maintain, not my own; and,
with the help of God, a good cause, and a good
conscience, I mean to vindicate that claim, and
to show to this House that it is a claim founded
in the Constitution, the laws of the land, and jus-
tice, right, fact, principle, and the uniform adju-
dications of this House. And if I do not demon-
strate to this House my legal title to the seat I
claim, I will notaskthe House to award it to me;
for I would scorn to take a seat here, or in any
other public body, to which I was not entitled
beyond all doubt.
1 am aware, Mr. Speaker, that I appear before
this House under the most unfavorable circum-
stances, having the unanimous report of the Com-
mittee of Elections against me. It is, however,
due to myself to say—and I. say it with entire
respect to the committee—that I have had no op-
portunity until now of combating the positions
taken m this report. I-have the vanity to believe
that if the committee had summoned me before it
a second time, and required of me to meet the new
positions assumed in the report—and which were
not assumed when I first appeared before it—this
report would never have reached this Hall in the
form it now comes, or of a unanimous report.
When I first appeared before the committee—
and I call the attention of the committee to my
statement—there was discussed, or gravely con-
sidered, but a solitary point; and that was as to the
small number of votes cast. There was no ques-
tion raised or a word said as to the power of the
Wheeling convention to pass a law calling an elec-
tion for a member of Congress in my State and
district. The House will §ee that such a point
could not have risen in my mind, for here I saw
my friend from the Parkersburg district, electod
on the same day that I was, elected under the
same proclamation of Governor Pierpont, under
the same law, and under the same government,
quietly walking to the Speaker's chair, and there
taking the necessary oath, and thereby, without
contest, admitted to a seat upon this floor.
And so with the other points now raised in the
report. I had no notice of thorn, and of course
could not meet them. But I do not suppose the
committee designed me any unfairness or wrong.
They could have nosuch motive. They supposed,
I doubt not, £hat in my first interview, and in the
printed argument I had submitted, I had either
said all I had to say, or could say, in the matter;
and hence, doubtless, I was not invited to a second
interview with the committee. Much of the inform
ation connected with my election was communi-
cated by me; and I claimed to know but-jittle, for
at the time of the election I was not in my con-
gressional district. I was away, in Boston, and
1 was not a candidate, knowing nothing of the
particulars of election, and 1 merely gave the com-
mittee such information as had then come to my
knowledge. Had I known that the question of
notice would have been seriously raised, ! could
have shown that amplest notice of the election was
had.
Then, Mr. Speaker, I am in this position. At
my first interview with the committee, to which
1 was kindly invited by the chairman, I had no
information or conception of the new points and
new questions which appealed subsequently in
