1862.
THE COTOJJESSIOffAL GLOBE.
1751
dered to proceed to Lexington until after it had
surrendered. He was in his quarters in Jeffer-
son City, which he gave up to General Hunter
the day after the fall of Lexington. That is the
fact. Troops were in Jefferson City; seven thou-
sand were at St. Louis, and six or seven thou-
sand at points on the railroad within three days'
march of Jefferson City. Notwithstanding that,
he telegraphed to northern Missouri, where there
was no railroad connection with Lexington.
These are fact^which are upon record.
Mr. COLFAX. Here is the order which was
issued six days before the fall of Lexington,
directed to Colonel Jefferson C. Davis:
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, September 14, 1861.
Sir : As a column of the enemy's force is moving upon
Lexington, you are iiereby directed immediately to order
uvoofthe regiments under j our command lo the lemforee-
inent of tliat place. Orders have already been issued to
two regiments in this city to proceed to Jefferson City, and
reinforce your command.
Brigadier General Sturgis, now at Mexico, will also re-
pair to Lexington with ins entire force of infantry and a
battery of artillery. On his auival, he will assume com-
mand of all the troops at that pi.ice.
JOHN C. FIlfiMONT,
Major General Commanding.
To Colonel Jeff. C. Davis,
Colonel Commanding at Jefferson City.
Hero are the telegrams to General Sturgisalso
on the 13th, when it was supposed at St. Louis
that Price's march was on Boonvjlle, and on the
14th, when it was ascertained that Lexington was
the threatened point:
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, September 13, 1861.
Sirj lnfoimation having been received at these head-
quaitoisof an intended attack on Bjonville, you are hereby
ordered to move at once, by the shot test possible route, and
with all piactieable speed, direct to that place with your
l'oree of infantry and artillery.
J. c. fmSmont,
Major General Commanding.
To Brigadier General Sturgis, Mexico.
Headquarters Western Department,
St. Louis, September 14, 18GL
Sir: You are hereby directed to move, via TJtiea, with
all piacticable speed to Lexington, on the Missoui i livei,
with your foice of mlaiitry and artillery. \'ou will send
hack the three companies of the Fiemont lluabuis, under
Captain Bium, to Sr. Louis.
The ino)>t practicable route fiom Utica to Lexington for
vou will be by Auatmville, Fmnev's Grove, and Morton.
j. C FREMONT,
Major General Commanding.
To Brigadier Geneial Sturgis, Mexico.
Here is a dispatch, also, from General Pope,
showing that he also expected to be able to rein-
force Lexington from his troops before the 20th,
when Mulligan surrendered; and I may add that
the dispatches show that General Pope had been
telegraphed to in northwestern Missouri, where
it was supposed he was:
Palmyra, September 1G, 18GL
To Major General Fremont :
Fiom paper just handed me I learn for the first time that
important matters are occmrmg at Lexington. The troops
I sent to Lexington will be theie the day after to-morrow,
and consist of two t'ull regiments of infantry, four pieces of
artillery, and one hundred and fifty irregular hoisc. These,
with the two Ohio regiments, which will xeaeh theie on
Thursday, will make areinfoi cement of four thousand men
and four pieces of artillery. Do you wish me to come down
to St. Louis, or go to Canton and Keokuk, to finish matters
in this section? The following foice along this road at Han-
nibal: at Kansas, 480; at Pahnyi a, 320 of twentieth Illi-
nois; at Hudson, 420 of Taster's men ; at Biooktield. 6o0
of Morgan's regiment; at St. Joseph, coming east, 3.000
Iowa and Missouri irregular troops. Please answer to
Quincy. JOHN POPE,
Brigadier General.
Here is also a dispatch ordering railroad trans-
portation for Sturgis, so as to avoid all delay:
Headquarters Western Department,
September 14, 1661.
To T. R. Hardwood, Superintendent of Hannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad, Hannibal:
Send forward at once to junction of North Missouri road j
the necessary transportation to move Brigadier General j
Sturgis, with his command of &eventoen hundied infantry i
and a section of horse artillery, to Utica oni jour road. An-
bwer by telegraph. J- C. FIlKMONT,
Major General Commanding.
It will be seen that he orders that transportation
shall be obtained and thatthe troops shall move on
to Lexington immediately. Everything in these
dispatches shows that General Fremont exerted
himself to the utmost for the purpose of reinfor-
cing Colonel Mulligan, who was besieged at Lex-
ington.
"Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman can
publish all the dispatches, including the private
letter.
Mr. COLFAX. Oh, no, I will notpublish that.
I have not quoted from it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman from
Indiana seems to be horrified at the idea of pub-
lishing a private letter which he has already re-
ferred to, and which has been made public by
General Fremont himself.
All that I have to say is, that Colonel Jefferson
C. Davis was with his command at Jefferson City
the day after the fall of Lexington. I have that
on the authority of a staff officer attached to the
command of General Hunter, who was ordered
up there, and who, when he did get there, had to
wait before he could get into Colonel Davis's quar-
ters. Fremont did order a leinforcement of two
regiments to be sent to ColonelMulligan,who was
contending against—whom? Why, sir, against
General Price, with a force of twenty thousand
men. Two regiments from Jefferson City were
ordered to reinforce Mulligan; and let me tell the
gentleman from Indiana that they were from In-
diana, and that when they found they were not
strong enough to render the slightest assistance
to Colonel Mulligan, they returned.
Mr. COLFAX. I will admit, as the gentleman
chargcs everything on Fremont, that General Fre-
mont ought to be held responsible for the accident
which occurred at Glasgow,when the Indiana regi-
ments, while going to reinforce Mulligan, fired upon
each other in the darkness of the night. He ought,
by all means, to have prevented it. I suppose that
he ought to be held responsible for it; for if there
is anything which can be brought against General
Fremont, just or unjust, my friend from Missouri
has got it. He ought to be responsible for the
Indiana troops stopping at Glasgow, where they
supposed there were fortifications to be reduced
before they could go on, and where, as I have
said, they suddenly came upon each other by ac-
cident, killing many, and throwing the regiments
into confusion. He ought to be held responsible
that Pope's promised lemforcements did not get
down in time. He ought to be held responsible
that when Sturgis came down, near the banks
of the river opposite Lexington, he did not cross
over, the ferry-boats having been captured before
his arrival, and reinforce Mulligan. He ought to
be responsible because he had not more troops.
He ought to be responsible for all these tilings,
which my fiiend from Missouri has so pertina-
ciously urged against him, whether justly or un-
justly. Such, at least, seems to be the idea of
those who attack General Fremont.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. What 1 have said,
and what I now repeat, is this: that fifty-five thou-
sand men were within three days' march of Jef-
ferson City, who could have been sent to the relief
of Lexington, and I do say that General Fremont
ought to be held responsible for not having sent
them, and for having left Mulligan to his fate. It
was utterly impossible for General Sturgis to have
crossed the Missouri river—a wide and rapid
river—in the face of a vastly superior force. Any-
body but John C. Fremont would have known
that was impossible. Here is a man who comes
down to a rapid and bold stream, and there is an
enemy of vastly superior force on the other side;
who would ever suppose that he would be able to
cross that river without any transportation what-
ever?
Mr. COLFAX. I do not understand military
matters as well as my friend from Missouri,
because I never have been the colonel of a regi-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman un-
derstands them much better than his general.
Mr. COLFAX. I will tell the gentleman from
Missouri why still more troops were not sent to
Lexington. His forces at Cairo and Paducah
were threatened by Polk and Pillow at Columbus,
and his troops at Ironton and Pilot Knob were
threatened by Hardee with fifteen thousand men.
Hence, the only troops available were the troops
at Jefferson City, and those on the northern side
of the river. And let me add that General Pope
thought icinforcements could be sent from that
side of the Missouri. The gentleman's hostility
to General Fremont has blinded him to the facts
of the case. I say that instead of there being
fifty-five thousand men within three days'march
of Lexington there were onlv fifty-five thousand
men under his command, including home guards,
holding exposed points along the line of his vast
department. Yet the gentleman keeps on con-
stantly talking about this vast force within three
days' march of Lexington.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. For what I have
said, I have taken the word of General Fremont;
but I think myself he had more troops than the
number specified.
Mr. COLFAX. That is, including those at
Paducah and those at Cairo, who were holding-
an important point on the Ohio river, threatened,
as they were, by a superior,force just below. We
had a discussion the other day of nearly four
hours, which mainly turned on this point: if Col-
onel Mulligan was not relieved, it was because, by
various mishaps, the troops did not reach Lexing-
ton, and not because Fremont did not order them
there. He gathered his forces together as rapidly
as he could with the means which he had. The
gentleman knows that when General Thomas was
there, a month later, he officially reported that the
army could not move even then, because there
was not sufficient transportation. Yet one month
before the gentleman argues as if he had suffi-
cient transportation to move armies with celerity.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Is nouLexington
on the Missouri river?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly it is. If he could
have gathered up his scattered forces he might
have got there. The gentleman knows that they
could not have been got there in one day. One
week before Lexington fell the general under-
standing was that Booneville was threatened,and
the direction of the troops had afterwards to be
changed. The country understands it; my friend
understands it; this House understands it. This
House understands the struggle which General
Fremont had to make against enormous odds, and
that, too, without being supported adequately
with transportation. I say that there was more
done with inadequate means, in the hundred days
of Fremont, in Missouri, than had been done in
any department in any hundred days up to that
time since the war commenced.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. The gentleman com-
plains of General Fremont's want of transporta-
tion. Now, if General Fremont had expended the
money which he squandered in building fortifica-
tions to defend places which needed no other de-
fense than their own citizens, and which had de-
fended themselves without the assistance of any
outside force whatever in more trying times than
any while General Fremont was in command; if,
instead of devoting all his energies to hunting up
jobs to fill the pockets of his California cronies
he had attended to the legitimate and pressing du-
ties of his position, lie would not have wanted
transportation. The gentleman says that the coun-
try understands it. I believe him. The gentle-
man understands it, and the House understands
it; and I am willing to abide by the judgment of
the country in this matter. I have no fear of what
that judgment will be. If it had not been for the
unparalleled extravagance of General Fremont in
building these fortifications at enormous prices,
and absorbing himself in other works to give jobs
to his friends, transportation would have been
within his reach to any extent that he chose to
demand. I say that it does not lie in his mouth,
or in the mouth of any of his friends, to rail against
the Government on the pretense of a want of trans-
poitation; and the same sort of railing is com-
menced again in his new department, the same
kind of sniveling is going on against the Govern-
ment for not supplying proper transportation to
this hero who never got within seventy-five miles
of Price, who never was in the face of an enemy
in his life, who never fought a battle and never
saw one, and who never did anything but build
intrenchments for which there was no sort of ne-
cessity, in order to make jobs for the vilest crea-
tures that crawl upon the face of the earth.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to give way to me for
a moment. I do not desire to make a speech. I
only desire to make a remark in relation to one
that fell from the lips of the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman wants but
a moment, I have no objection.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I do not intend,
sir, to make uny argument upon this resolution.
I tun no friend or defender of General Fremont.
I believe, however, that he is entitled to a fair
hearing, and I should be very glad to have a fair
