232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
37tii Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Killinger.
Ho. 03? Reps.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will tell you about those,
if you will give me half a moment. We do not
tax a man's property. We tax his income. If
last year he made a great income on his ships we
ought to tax it. If those ships are not worth half
as much this year, not having half as much freight,
then we only tax him halfas much on his income.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If I have any idea of
commerce and its business, a man, say the master
of$100,000, goes into trade; his trade runs pros-
perously along through a series of years, where
he expects that he has means enough on hand to
carry on an advancing and progressive business,
but where in one day a single calamity like that
which came in 1836, or came at the commence-
ment of the present year, may destroy the most
prosperous fortune: who has an income then?
If you put the tax on expenditures, you may
approximate a truer standard; and that is just
what 1 suggest, for it is the substance of the prop-
osition of a tax on sales. A tax on sales may be
illustrated in this way: what would go into this
tax from the expenses of a young mechanic, a
boy as he first goes from his instructions, for
clothing-, &c., would probably amount to a tax of
one or two percent, on fifty dollars. Ordinarily,
if I remember right, a young mechanic having no
family does not spend more than that outside of
what he pays for his board. Another man, a man
of wealth, with an income of thirty or forty thou-
sand dollars, will expend in the same way, not
merely for his household expenses, but in various
ways to giatify his taste, probably twenty-five or
thirty thousand dollars. He is very apt to do it;
and everything he buys pays a tax. Everything
that the young man buys pays the tax; but let
me say that the tax to be paid by internal revenue,
both by the boy and the person of large fortune,
will be infinitely less than the tariff tax which the
country now bears in proportion to its amount of
revenue.
s I propose, then, that wo shall tax sales, and
why? Bccause we can find out what is sold and
what is the subject of sale, with the exception of
diamonds and jewelry, things that the Jews will
htde. That cannot be helped. There must al-
ways be more or less mischief of that kind, just
ns there is under the tariff. But what goes into
traffic is a subject of the census, is a matter of in-
quiry, a matter of rivalry. Every merchant in
every town is concerned to see that his neighbor-
ing merchant does not cheat the revenue;forifhe
does he gets the advantage of him.
I also propose to tax income, not the income of
the merchant whose capital i* invested in com-
merce, for the merchant is as much of a producer
as the man who tills the soil. He who conducts
it from hand to hand, who labors in that voca-
tion, is increasing its value and producing wealth
to the country. 1 do not tax the man who builds
up machinery, workshops, and factories, whose
capital is employed to support labor, for capital
and labor are the two great elements of strength
that enable us to pay taxes; that is active em-
ployed capital and labor. I do not tax employed
capital or labor, but fixed capital, such, as a man
derives from rents, which comes to him as a mat-
ter of coursc. I tax the man wlio collects his in-
terest on State and corporate securities, but not
mortgages. If you tax mortgage interest, the bor-
rower lias to pay it; but bonded interests of rail-
road companies, of all organized companies, of
cities, towns, and States of the United States, and
of foreign countries, all fixed revenue where the
party deriving the revenue has no lelation either
to active capital or to labor—they are all legiti-
mate subjects of taxation, and have been so held
by the best economists.
Then, again, I propose to tax inheritances. I
am trying to avoid asking a man to give what he
has not got. That is the mischief of this bill from
the committee. It asks a man to give what he has
not got. Inheritances are things that no one has
been possessed of until they pass through admin-
istration. We have po particular or fixed right
in any other person's estate, no matter how near
of kin he may be; certainly none in the estate of
a stranger. England has adopted a policy by
which she imposes as high a tax as ten pounds
per cent, where a legacy is given to a person who
is foreign to the blood of the testator. We can
derive as large a revenue us England from this
source, and from what no other person has got
any special or particular right to. It is true, we
generally feel that a child has a right to inherit
from a parent; but suppose there should be taken
out of that a tax of one per cent, for the adminis-
tration of the laws for the benefit of the child, that
would be no burden. I propose an ascending
scale as high as eight per cen t. to persons who are
alien to the blood of the testator. That is less
than the English rule. Those who pay it, never
having had it, never feel the loss of it. Those are
taxes that can be most conveniently collected.
Estates pass here more readily than they do in
England; and it would be a large source of rev-
enue.
Under these various sources of revenue, as I
have stated, and putting the income of the tariff
at only §50,000,000—and I try to make small
figures—1 make a revenue of $203,000,000, and I
know, as near as I can know anything that de-
pends upon this kind of computation, that I am
far below the fact. I say it will yield a revenue
of $203,000,000, and it does not ask a person for
anything he has not got, and does not employ a
large number of officers. The tax on sales of
goods is where the money is paid. The tax on
income is where the rent or the interest has been
received. The tariff, of course, is collected as the
law now provides. The tax on tobacco, snuff,
and whisky is paid when the money is received;
because I propose, if 1 should be successful in
maintaining my substitute, to adopt the provision
with regard to the transfer of raw whisky to the
place of sale upon being bonded, the bonds being
payable in sixty days.
I am not disposed at this late hour of the even-
ing to continue the discussion of this bill; I know
the Senate are remaining here, not so much for
the purpose of hearing what I have got to say as
for the purpose of getting to the end of this con-
troversy. I have taken up much more time than
I designed doing; and yet I am not willing to re-
linquish a subjectof this importance withoutgiving
it a full discussion. It has not been discussed.
Observe, Senators, that there has been no discus-
sion on this subject, a subject of the most vital
importance, more important than any confiscation
bill. If I remember aright, I have been told when
they confiscated the Church property of Prance
as a basis "of the assignats issued by the National
Assembly, the whole Church property confiscated
did not pay the expense of administration. I
say that this subject, more important than any
confiscation bill, more important than any subject
involving the question of the relation of the slave
to his master, more important than any that has
been discussed in this Hall—this subject of the
gravest moment to the country, where we are
going into every house, and taking money to sup-
port the war, asking what many have not got—
thisquestion has notbeen discussed in this Senate.
We have discussed detailed statements. No one
has undertaken to present to the Senate the grave
considerations that belong to a measure which
may be felt in every farm-house and in every
workshop,as well as in every lordly hall through-
out all the land. I may be wrong; I may be
greatly wrong. X have been seeking to be ad-
vised. I have not had advice here, and I will take
the privilege of saying I have not had much ad-
vice from my associates on the Finance Commit-
tee. We took a raw bill; recognized to be a raw,
immature, unformed thing from the House ofRep-
resentatives which they ignore themselves, and
we must take that and swallow it. We do not
know how long this war will last. It may for
years yet; and we wanta policy of taxation. We
want a system upon which we can graft addi-
tional policy. The bill that I propose is one that
adopts a uniform system as to every subject of
taxation. You can add atany time, if you please,
twenty-five cents or ten cents on whisky, or on
tobacco or on inheritances, or any of the subjects
named. There are subjects enough which the
Government can raise revenue upon without hurt-
ing the country, subjects enough to raise, inde-
pendent of our tariffs, $300,e00,000 per annum.
.Now observe, expenditure is immediately re
lated to production. Production is the subjectof
taxation. We must every year make the subject-
matter out of which taxes are taken, or else there
is a loss to the national capital. Expenditure and
taxation being equivalent to production, there is
no loss. If production is greater than taxation
and expenditure, there is a national gain. Eng-
land has gained through all her wars by the
strength and will and energy of her people. Our
energy is being expressed now with greater force
than in any previous time. We will produce
every year more than the equivalent of our ex-
penditure and our revenue.
I am thoroughly satisfied that if the Senate will
consider the bill reported by the committee, it
must be vastly modified. It has been very much
improved since it came to us, both in the Com-
mittee on Finance and in the Senate, but its whole
system is wrong; it is complicate; it should be
simple. 1 propose a simple measure. It should
be levied upon as few subjects as possible, or
have as few specialities as possible. I propose
agencral rule to govern themall; and then, by my
proposition, outside of sales, nothing is taxed ex-
cept what is admitted by all to be legitimate sub-
ject of taxation.
The gentleman from Rhode Island abandoned
his position. He was in favor of a tax on sales.
He was with me in favor of the Massachusetts
proposition. He abandoned it; and at whose in-
stance? He says, in a very complimentary way,
that it was at the instance of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who told him no other
country had ever done that except Spain, and
Spain was no authority. That is an old fogy
reason. We have done a thousand things that no
other country has ever done on the face of the
earth, and we are able to do a thousand more.
Because no other country than Spain has done it,
I consider no reason why we should not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can convince you
that in regard to a tax on sales you are wrong.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Perhaps you can. I have
talked with men whom I consider the most ap-
proved masters on this subject in the United
States, and they have generally been engaged in
the business of convincing me that I was right.
I suggested, as the gentleman from Ohio very
well knows, to the.gentlemen presenting the views
of the Boston committee, various objections to
this plan, in committee, which were met to my
satisfaction, and I think to the satisfaction of the
committee. There was no answering them; and
I can see no reason why this, it being a general
system taxing all sales and being made uniform,
cannot be carried out. I have no objection to it
because Spain once tried it, or is trying it now;
nor have I any objection to it because nobody else
has ever tried it. I think we are a new people
with new conditions, and when the men of com-
merce, the first men of our commercial cities, say
commerce can best stand this tax, they should be
recognized as the highest authority; and I shall
maintain them as authority so far as my conduct
is concerned in voting upon this measure.
CONFISCATION OP REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. KILLINGrER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
./Hat/23, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. KILLINGER said:
Mr. Speaker: Those who observed my course
in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, will bear me wit-
ness that I was solicitous for an amicable adjust-
ment of the sectional difficulties which then
already thieatened the pcace of the country and
the integrity of the Federal Union. Soon after
Mr. Lincoln's election, it became manifest that
we were in the face of civil war. Congress did
what was possible, to the verge of humiliation, to
avert it.
The first pretext for its inauguration was the
- . personal liberty bills of several of the States. We
000,000 per annum. ^ requested, by a unanimous vote, said States to
to review their legislation on the subject, and most
of them proceeded to do so. Next, it was com-
plained that Congress mightinterfere with slavery
in the States. Accordingly we resolved, by a unan-
imous vote, that neither Congress nor the non-
