2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
captains,twenty-fourfirstlieutenants,twenty--fpur
second lieutenants, one sergeant major, one quar-
termaster's sergeant, and five companies of en-
listed men, as provided by law. It further pro-
vides that the relative rank of the officers of the
corps shall be the same as before the passage of
this act; the general officer hereby provided for,
shall be appointed by selection from the commis-
sioned officers of the corps; other vacancies shall
be filled by regular promotion of the present offi-
cers, and by graduates of the Military Academy
who have heretofore been recommended by the
academic board for the corps of engineers, the to-
pographical engineers, or the ordnance corps, or
who may be recommended to the Secretary of War
for appointment by a board of engineer officers;
and all vacancies hereafter occurring in the corps
of engineers shall be filled only by graduates of
the Military Academy, who have been recom-
mended thereto by t..e academic board.
The second section provides that during the
present war all officers of the corps of engineers
who have served two years, shall have the rank,
pay, and emoluments of captain; those who have
served five years, the rank, pay, and emoluments
of major; those who have served ten years, the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonel;
and those who have served twenty years, the rank,
pay, and emoluments of colonel.
The third section provides forthe addition to the
subsistence department of the Army, by regular
promotion therein, of one brigadier general, who
shall be commissary general of subsistence, one
colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and two majors;
the colonel and lieutenant colonel to be assistant
commissary generals of subsistence; and that va-
cancies m the above-mentioned grades shall be
filled by regular promotion in said department.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I would ask if the
committee have any objection to thf bill being
printed and postponed for a day or two?
Mr, DUNN. If an early day can be fixed for
its consideration, certainly I have no objection to
that course.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. This is a very im-
portant lull.
Mr. DUNN. Itisvery difficulttoget any meas-
ure from our committee before the House. If the
bill can be made a special order for Monday or
Tuesday next, f will not object.
Mr. P. A.. CONKLING. it is the general de-
sire of members that the bill should be printed;
and I hope it will be postponed.
Mr. DUNN. I ask, then, that the bill be made
the special order forTuesday next, after the morn-
ing hour. J-
The SPEAKER. There is a special order for
that day. .
Mr, DUNN. Then, say Wednesday next,after
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. There is also a special order
for that day.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest to the gentleman that
he simply move to postpone the bill, and that it
be printed.
Mr. DUNN. Very well; but I do not know
that we shall reach it again this session.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. DUNN. I ask that the bill be made the
special older for Wednesday next.
Mr. VALLANDIGUAM. 1 object to making
it a special order.
YOMJXTBKK MEDICAL FORCE.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of M issouri.byunan-
imous consent, bill of the Senate No. 343, to pro-
vide for an increase of the volunteer medical force,
was taken from the Speaker's table,and received
its first and second readings.
The bill was read. It provides that there shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, forty suigeons
and one hundred and twenty assistant surgeons
of volunteers, who shall have the rank, pay, and
emoluments of officers of corresponding grades in
the regular Army; provided, that no one shall be
appointed to any position under this act unless he
shall previously have been examined by a board
of medical officers to be designated by the Secre-
tary of War, and that vacancies in the grade of
surgeon shall be filled by selections from the grade
of assistant surgeon on the ground of merit only
and provided further, that this act shall continue
in force only during the existence of the present
rebellion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported as an amendment
two additional sections, as follows:
Sec.2. JUndbe it further enacted, That the office ofbrigade
surgeon be, and the same Is hereby, abolished, and the offi -
cers of that corps shall be hereafter designated surgeons of
volunteers, and shall m all other respects be put upon the
same footing as to rank, pay, and emoluments with the sur-
geons provided for by the first section of this act.
Sec. 3. Jflnd be it further enacted, That there shall be added
to each volunteer regiment now in the service an assistant
surgeon, to be appointed according to the existing laws of
the several States providing tor the appointment of regi-
mental surgeons.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Surgeon Gen-
eral, and other gentlemen well acquainted with the
medical affairs of the Army, think that it is abso-
lutely necessary that we should have a large ad-
dition to the medical force of the Army. I have
received information from the Surgeon General
that there are now four hundred physicians em-
ployed in attendance upon our troops outside of
those in the service, and that it is impossible that
the sick and wounded shall be properly attended
to without this additional force.
The amendment, which abolishes the office of
brigade surgeons, puts those surgeons upon the
footing of regular Army surgeons, detaching them
from the brigade. It is thought that they can thus
be made more useful.
Mr. McPHERSON. This is a new provision
suddenly brought before the House. I would like
to ask the gentleman from Missouri a question
with regard to the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Military Affairs abolishing the of-
ficeof brigade surgeonand changing theirposition
to that of surgeons m the regular Army. As I
understand that proposition, it will affect the po-
sition and pay of every brigade surgeon in our
volunteer army.
Mr. WRIGHT. Not their pay.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It affects neither
their pay nor their position. The rank and pay
are the same.
Mr. McPHERSON. If I understand the laws
as they now are, the pay ufbiigade surgeons dif-
fers from that of the surgeons in the regular Army.
The pay of a surgeon in the regular Army depends
upon whether he has served ten years in the Army
or not. The pay of a surgeon who has served
ten years is higher than that of one of five years*
standing. The pay of the brigade surgeons, of
course, cannot be similar to the pay of the two
different classes of the regular Army.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The only difference
in the pay of surgeons is one dependent altogether
on service rations. Every Army officer is entitled
to service rations, depending on the number of
years lie has served. The pay of the Army sur-
geon in fixed in the same way. That is all the
difference, as I understand.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri what the requirements in his bill are as
to age ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is no require-
ment as to age. Surgeons are required to pass ail
examination before the medical board as to their
competency.
Mr. TRIMBLE. What is the requirement
under the existing law ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The existing law
requires that assistant surgeons shall be under
thirty years of age. They get their promotions
as surgeons regularly by vacancies, and have then
to stand a second examination.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to state here that so
great has been the demand for surgeons, at least
from the Indiana regiments, for the last two
months, that the Secretaiy of War, as I under-
stand, has authorized the Governor of Indiana to
appoint two additional surgeons for each regiment,
making three surgeons in all. It has been under-
stood, however, that no compensation will be paid
to these additional surgeons; that they are to ren-
der their services gratuitously, but that they shall
receive their transportation and support during the
time that they are actually engaged in discharging
their duties. I understand that eighty surgeons
have gone on these terms from the State of Indiana
to the army in Tennessee. 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Dunn,] on the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to the subject, and to
suggest whether, if this bill is to become a law, it
ought not to make provision for those cases. If
the Secretary of War thought it necessary to au-
thorize the Governor of a State to appoint addi-
tional surgeons, some provision ought to be made
for their compensation. I have no doubt that
most, if not all, of the surgeons who went from
Indiana to the army in Tennessee after the battle
of Corinth were under the impression that they
were to receive the ordinary compensation of ad-
ditional surgeons.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think that that
case can be very well provided for by some legis-
lation appropriate to it; but it should not be in-
serted here in a bill for a totally different purpose.
Mr. McPHERSON. The point which I make
is, that under our legislation of July last we pro-
vided that each brigade should have a surgeon,
who was to bej.he head of the medical department
of that brigade. Under this bill, as I understand,
all these brigade surgeons are made surgeons sim-
ply, with the rank and pay of surgeons in the reg-
ular Army. Now, I believe that the pay of a sur-
geon in the regular Army differs very materially
from that of a brigade surgeon. A brigade sur-
geon receives the pay of a major, stated in the reg-
ulations at $189 per month.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. So does a surgeon
in the Army.
Mr. McPHERSON. Yes. A surgeon of ten
years' standing receives $225 a month,and asur-
geon of less, $189. The question of servicc rations
enters into the subject. I suppose the brigade sur-
geons receive the pay of a major of cavalry.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. All the staff officers
receive pay as cavalry officers.
Mr. McPHERSON. Itoccurred to me that this
bill changes the pay of these brigade surgeons. If
it does not do so, it certainly destroys their office,
repeals our legislation of July on this subject, very
summarily disposes of a large number of officers,
some of whomare very competent, and, if iishould
pass, will effect an entire revolution in the oigan-
ization of the medical department of the Army.
1 am not prepared to say whether it is desirable
to effect that object. I am not prepared to say
whether our troops in the field—for the bill takes
away from troops in the field a surgeon no w guaran-
tied to them, m the proportion of one to each brig-
ade—can afford to dispense with the services of
brigade surgeons. 1 am not at all certain that the
passage of this bill will not be attended with great
inconveniences, and while not being disposed to
make any factious opposition, I desire to make
these suggestions to the House.
Mr. COLFAX. I have listened to the objec-
tions of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [iVIr.
McPherson,] but I trust they will not avail to
prevent the passage of this bill.
Mr. McPH ERSON. I am in favor of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. In the first place, we certainly
do need an increase in the medical corps of the
Army.
Mr. McPHERSON. I desire to say that I am
in favor of that. It is only to the second section
that I object.
Mr. COLFAX. I have understood fhatwehad
wounded soldiers on the peninsula who had not
their wounds attended to for a week. If that is
the case it shows the necessity of this bill. We
should, above all things else, provide amply for
the sick and wounded men suffering m the cause
of their country. I think that the suggestion of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, in respect to brigade surgeons, is also a wise
one. The matter should be under the control of
the Surgeon General. Some brigades may not be
in actual conflict, and may not have any picssing
need of surgeons, while another brigade may have
been in conflict, and may need the services of a
large force of surgeons.
While I am up, I desire to state a single word
on another subject. I noticed a suggestion in the
papers this morning, that the bill passed yester-
day, punishing fraudulent contractors, is sub-
stantially the bill which I proposed. The gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Blair] is entitled to the
credit—and I give it to him here—of having sug-
gested courts-martial for the trial of fraudulent
contractors. I had suggested civil courts, and
the gentleman from Missouri suggested military
courts. He is entitled to the credit of it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs.
