1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
hearing extended to him. I rise for the purpose
of noticing a remark made by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] in regard to certain persons
who were in his command in the West. The
gentleman seems to charge everything that was
done in the West to a few Caiifornians. He cen-
sures them very severely, and uses such polite
terms as "California cormorants," and all that
sort of thing. Now, I have nothing to say for
Mr. J. C. Woods, or Mr. Beard, or anybody else.
Mr. Beard, under the direction of General Fre-
mont, or, by a contract under Fremont, con-
structed certain works in St. Louis. Whether
the prices that were agreed to be paid for the work
were too high or too low I do not know; but this
much I suspect, that these individuals have been
quite as much wronged as the Government has
b^en. The facts, as I understand them, are that
Mr. Beard agreed to construct certain works, and
had received a certain amount to pay for these
works, which were progressing when General Fre-
mont was deposed. The surveyor who had charge
of these works was prohibited from making an
estimate of the work done, and we have no evi-
dence whatever of the value of these works, nor
of the extent of them, or the amount of labor
done.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri- The gentleman will
allow me to correct him. I will say, in the first
place, that \ did not intend to apply my remarks
to Caiifornians in general, and 1 thought I had
guarded against any such impression. And now,
in regard to the survey of these works, a survey
of the fortifications was made by an engineer offi-
cer of the United States Army, General Cullum,
which is attached to the repot t of the Holt com-
mission. His reportshows that the value of these
forts built by Beard was about sixty thousand
dollars,asan outside estimate,and he has received
#191,000; because he called on the quartermaster
at Jefferson City and squeezed $20,000 out of him
after this report of the Van Wyck committee.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. There was a cer-
tain tune allowed for accounts in the western de-
pal tment to be sent in. The survey was not
allowed to be made till after that tune expired.
Wheihei or not it has been made since, I do not
know; 1 know that Mr. Beard and other parties
were here, very anxious to have their accounts
examined.
Now, so far as Woods is concerned, I have this
to say for him. I knosv him personally. I am
not, going to say anything to sustain his reputa-
tion, for I do not deem it necessary. 1 know him
to l)o a very energetic, enterprising man, and one
of great ability. A man of greater business ca-
pacity I scarcely know anywhere either on this
side or the other side of the continent. And if
General Fremont did select him as his business
manager, 1 do not believe that he could have made
a. better selection. 1 understood the gentleman
from Missouri to say that he knew nothing against
Mr. Woods, exccpt that he was a returned Cali-
fornian 
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman from
California will permit me to correct him. I said
distinctly that I knew nothing of any soi t against
Mr. Woods.
Mr. PUKLPS, of California. Except that he
was a returned Californian.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I said it was stated
that lie was a returned Californian; but I did not
allude to that as a matter of opprobrium.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I understood
the gentleman to use the expression in thatsensc.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouii. 1 do not understand
it as an allegation against any man that he is a
returned Californian. I do not want to create a
piejudice against returned Caiifornians.
Mr. PHELPS, of Caiifb rnia. These parties
have been referred to very frequently in this House
as returned Caiifornians. There has been a kind
of stigma fastened upon them because; they were
such, whether the gentleman from Missouri in-
tended it so or not. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that we have a few other returned Caiifor-
nians m our Army. Among them I may name
Genera! Denver, General Sumner, General David-
son, General Nagely, General Hooker, General
Sherman, General Halleck, General Shields, and
General On/ 
Mr. STEVENS X think the gentleman from
California lias made ins explanation.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania claims the floor, of course I
will give it up.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; If the gentleman has
a point to make, let him go on with it. *
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will close by
suggesting to the gentleman from Missouri, and
other members of the House, that General Hal-
leck is a returned Californian; and I rather think
that if he were to strip the Army of all returned
Caiifornians, there would be very little left of it
in the way of competent leaders.
Mr. STEVENS. I remember that during the
revolutionary war there was more than one cabal
got up against General Washington, more power-
ful in their elements than those which have for some
lime past assailed General Fremont. The only
difference was in the class of assailants. That
difference is very much in favor of those who as-
sail General Fremont. Then there were very few
found trying to destroy the general of our armies
except Cowboys and Tories; now, 1 am sorry
to say, General Fremont's personal friends, and
patriots of the nation, arc assailing him. That is
the only difference between the two cases. Other-
wise they would be parallel. But, sir, the means
taken to assail General Fremont are more infa-
mous than were ever exercised toward the father
of his country to destroy his reputation; and I
must say here that I am astonished to find the
gentleman from Missouri impeaching the conduct
of the President of the United States in his resto-
ration ofGeneral Fremont. The motive which the
gentleman from Missouri attributes to the Presi-
dent in that appointment was not to vindicate an
injured man, not to show that he disbelieved the
trash and slander winch have been heaped upon
him. No; but the gentleman said that it had been
heard in the North that General Fremont had not
returned fugitive slaves to their masters, that it
was supposed that that was the reason of his
removal, and that in order to wipe away that im-
pression and to gain some favor himself—if I un-
derstood anything of what the gentleman said—
the President had put General Fremont into a
command where he could do neither harm nor
good. Now, if ever there was a more serious
charge made against an honoiable man in high
office than that made against the motives of the
President of the United States, by the gentleman
from Missouri, I have yet to learn it. The gen-
tleman has made none so bad against General
Fremont, although he has joined m condemning
him as a plunderer—a venial offense compared with
that charged against the President of the United
States.
But, sir, 1 whs goina: on to state the means
taken to destioy General Fremont. For some rea-
son or other,after his proclamation declaring free-
dom to a few of the slaves of rebels—whether in
consequence of that or not I do not know; 1 sup-
pose not—there were extraordinary missions and
commissions sent on his track t6 St. Louis. In
the first instance, one was a Cabinet officer, and
another an officer of the Government. After their
return, another Cabinet officer was sent out, to-
gether with a military officer—the Adjutant Gen-
eral. The record made by him is one which would
disgrace any man, if he were judged according to
his merits; picking up every scrap of scandal, from
what an old woman told them in Cincinnati to
what old womanish men told them in St. Louis
and elsewhere, and noting down these hearsay
charges and these opinions of the capacity ofGen-
eral Fremont. A record was made of all this, I
withouthis knowledge,behindhisback,andwith-
out his ever having an opportunity of presenting
anything in contradiction or explanation. That
paper, containing not one scrap of anything which
a decent man could look upon as evidence, not
containing anything which even the gentleman
from New Yoik [Mr. Diven] would look upon as
evidence against the man he wishes to injure, was
published to the world under the authority of the
Department which made it. After that was done
a committee, composed evidently of enemies to
General Fiemont, went on his track to St. Louis,
while he was away, hunting the enemy, and there,
without notice to him, without ever giving him an
opportunity to appear before them, then, or at any
other time since—for such I understand to be the
general's testimony—they hunted up the evidence
which they chore to take. And what is it? Among
the rest, that there were returned Caiifornians on
his staff. Thatseems to be the gieat grievance of
the gentleman from Missouri, that the returned
Caiifornians got the contracts, and that some
other people, of course, did not, which was a pity.
But how came these returned Caiifornians ? The
testimony taken before the committee on Govern-
ment contracts shows that General Fremont left
California on the 1st of January and went to Eu-
rope. He never has been back there since. Invited
by his country to come and assist in the defense
of the nation against the rebels he returned here,
and reached St. Louis, I believe, late in July. This
Mr. Beard left California in the beginning of Au-
gust; and the general states that he had never had
a letter from him nor written a letter to him, nor
known that he was coming here till he saw him.
And yet the gentleman from Missouri, knowing
these facts, and having this evidence on record,
talks about Fremont's inviting a gang of Caiifor-
nians to plunder the nation. Sir, such things in
a pettifogger would be detestable, but in a member
of this House they are respectable. [Much laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. What was the gen-
tleman's remark? I did not. hear it.
Mr. STEVENS. I'said that in a member of
the House they were respectable, and I hope the
gentleman takes no offense at that. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I am not inquiring into the motives
which induced these former friends to become such
bitter enemies. It has been said, I believe by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] that the
gentleman from Missouri professed himself to be
an idolator ofFiemontsomc time ago. Well, that
only illustrates by another instance, that those who
forsake their idols from any cause always become
iconoclasts; they ar« the very men to break down
the images that they worshiped before, and they
do it more because they have worshiped them than
any other reason.
But, sir, I will examine for a single moment the
testimony upon which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Divkn] founds his charge, and asks
that suit be brought against General Fiemont. I
believe it is not anywhere said even in that docu-
ment—that record of " the school for scandal"—
that General Fremont has received one dollar of
the public money which he was not entitled to.
There is no pretense; and except it be by the in-
sinuations of the gentleman from Missouri—and
1 do not know that he insinuated it—there is no
charge that Fremont was a partner in any of these
contracts which have been denounced as fraudu-
lent. It is not proved or pretended that Fiemont
has one dollar of the public money in his posses-
sion; and yet the gentleman from New York in-
troduces a resolution charging that in so many
woids, and directing the Attorney General of the
United States to sue him for the money which he
has got in his possession.
Mr. DIVEN. No, sir; the gentleman mistakes
the resolution. It is for the money illegally ob-
tained.
Mr. STEVENS. Illegally obtained by General
Fremont.
Mr. DIVEN. No; that is not the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. Suit is to be brought against
General Fremont and Beard for money illegally
obtained by them, when, even in this record that
he has referred to, he cannot find a word indica-
ting that General Fremont has now, or ever had,
one dollar of it. Why, sir, this resolution is but
the proper supplement to that ex parte report.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania allow me to suggest
that no member of the committee is present?
Mr. STEVENS. Then the gentleman from
New York should not have biought up this res-
olution.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I merely
make the suggestion to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot be prohibited from
attending to the record. That is here, if they are
not. I cannot sit quiet until they come, although
I wish they were present.
The committee take up one matter—and if the
gentleman from New York had examined into it
he would have seen what this recoid is woith—
under the head of " buying horses," and they
say that a man of the name of Sacchi, whom Gen-
eral Fremont had become acquainted with m the
city of New Yoik on his return, they suppose,
went out there and desired to enter into a contract
to furnish Canadian horses, and that Fiemont
directed a contract to be made with lum for Ca-
