1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
nadian horses that were never furnished, and I
believe they do not say that there was any money
paid. The committee then go on to say that it is
a remarkable fact that this same Sacchi was a
member of General Fremont's staff. Now, sir,
an affidavit has been made by this man who had
the contract for horses, and who the committee
say they suppose lived in a garret in New York,
in which he says that he went out there and made
his contiact, I believe, through this same Mr.
Woods; that he never furnished the horses, be-
cause when the time was out Fremont abrogated
the contract for want of fulfillment; that he is an
old man of sixty-odd years of age, who, instead
of being an adventurer living in agartet, has, dur-
ing the last ten years, as the recoids of (he city
of New York will show, bought and sold prop-
erty in that city for more than £100,000; and that
the Mr. Sacchi who was on Fremont's staff was
a young Hungarian officer, who had come there
but a short time before, and was but thirty years
of age. And yet the committee, upon such testi-
mony as is heie m this report, go on to blacken'thc
character of a man whose patriotism was never
doubted until these people were set upon the scent
by some person who had become his enemy.
Mr. ROSCOE C,ONKLlNG. Will the gentle-
man allow me to make a remark just there?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING. This young man
Sacchi, who is named here, is, 1 understand, a
man who has been decorated for heroic actions
upon the battle-fields of Italy more than once, a
man who came here following the star of freedom
as the shepherds followed the star of Bethlehem,
and went out into that department and joined Fre-
mont's staff, not for pay, not for rank, but as a
volunteer; a man who came here, in the language
of another, " to crusade for freedom m freedom's
holy land."
Mr. .STEVENS. It i? enough for me to know
that he is not the man who made the horse con-
tract at all. [Laughter.] And if the committee
had had an honest purpose to know the truth, they
would have known that; and yet they fill several
pages of their report in chaigmg that Fremont
gave this contract to a member of his own stall.
I ask what you would think of the testimony of
such a witness found lying one day? Would
you believe him on the next? You are an able
lawyer and know how much credit such a witness
is entitled to. You know that if he is found fal-
sifying in one case you will not believe him in
any. Yet this grave charge against General Fre-
mont is set up upon such testimony as that.
Now, m regard to those contracts for forts it is
in e\ idence, m the repoitof the committee to which
1 have referred, that General Fremont did not pie-
tend to know the price that ought to be paid for
such woik. lie set men to woik on them, and
they worked as our men did about this city, night
and day, when it was beleaguei ed, or was supposed
to be. And he referred the settlement of their
accounts to whom? To the quartermaster gen-
eral of his army, Mr. McKmstry, a man who the
gentleman from Missouri will not find was ap-
pointed by the Government here under the rec-
ommendation of General Fremont, or at his suc-
tion. He told Mr. McKinstry to take the ac-
counts and cut them down to what was right, and
he would sanction it. That was done; and now
he is charged with plundering the Treasury for
paying—if they have been paid—these California
swindlers and plunderers.
Gentlemen talk about time. Why, Sir, it was
as late as the 26th of August that a member of the
Cabinet, belonging to the family of the respecta-
ble member from Missouri, wrote a very friendly
letter to General Fremont, and his only complaint
was that he could not get anything done for him
by a perverse President and a perverse Cabinet.
Now, I know not what it was that intei i upted the
haimony'that existed between those two gentle-
men*, but it seems to me it would have been the
same way if a set of contractors—.say two, one
living in Chicago ;ind the other in St. Louis—had
been recommended by certain gentlemen for a con-
tract of perhaps ^750,UU0 on about the 25th of
August, it was refused to them, and then the
feud broke out. God knows what was the cause
of it. I do not. I know nothing about it. I do
notbe!ie\e there is anything infamous in it. I
believe it is all for the countiy's good—the only
difference being as to the proper means to be used.
Mr. Speaker, I dijl not rise to make a Ion#
speech. If it were proper I would move to dis-
chaige this scandal-hunting committee from any
further proceedings, for i believe in my con-
science that they have committed more frauds
than they have detected. They are spending the
country's money and scandalizing the country's
best men.
Rut, sir, I rose to move to lay the resolution on
the table, which I now do.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
to allow me to say a word in reply to an allusion
made to myself.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will withdraw the motion
if the gentleman will renew it.
• Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will. Now, Mr.
Speaker, we ail understand the way the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has of doing things upon this
floor. He pretends to draw an imaginary case for
illustration, of two contractors, one living in Chi-
cago and the other in St. Louis, recommended by
somebody for a contract for $750,000 on the 25th
of August, and that thereupon a hostility com-
mences between certain gentlemen. We all un-
derstand very well to what he alludes. But, sir,
I want to say that the only contract recommended
by me to General Fremont was given by him;and
if the gentleman will look in the report of the
committee, he will see it spiead out at length with
General Fremont's indorsement upon it; so that!
certainly did not fail out with General Fremont
on that ground.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe it was first rejected
by General Fremont, and afterwards, on his rec-
ommendation of a third party, it was given to
this pai ty.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missonri. No, sir; the gentle-
man is mistaken.
Mr. STEVENS. I think it is so asserted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the gentleman
refers to a contract in which any recommendation
was made by me, it was given as I recommended.
There is no other assertion that I ever heard of.
Ceitamly none that is true.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman will
find, when the report of the committee on the con-
duct of the war comes to be published that it is
as I have stated.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has more intimacy
with the committee on the conduct of the war than
I have; but if they have made out a report differ-
ing from the statement 1 have made, they have
icported what is not true.
Air. STEVENS. I am speaking of the evi-
dence.
Mr. CLAIR, of Missouri. If there is any evi-
dence varying from the statement I have made, it
varies fiom the truth to just that extent. But there
is another thing. The gentleman refers to my
allusion to Cahtornians bavins: been sent foi from
abroad by Fiemont, and of Fremont having de-
nied sending for them.
Air. STEVENS. I spoke of the general alle-
gation of Californians having been brought there
by General Fremont.
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. General Fremont,
the gentleman says, denies having brought those
men there. Now, 1 do not know whether he sent
for tliem from California or not, but when they
came there he received them with open aims.
Air. STEVENS. Has the gentleman read Gen-
eral Fremont's testimony before the committee on
the conduct of the war?
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have.
Air. STEVENS. Does not he say that he had
no communication with these men before he met
them in St. Louis ?
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not think it
necessary to discuss what General Fremont said
in relation to'the matter, because there is other
evidence in the ease upon this point. General Fre-
mont, beimr a party interested m making it appear
that he did not bring these men tin re, is not the
best evidence in the ease. But what I say is, that
if he did not bring them there, when they came
he opened his arms to them and filled their arms
with contiacts of the most nefarious character,
lie says himself that he was on the most intimate
terms with this man Beaid; that he had the ut-
most Confidence m him. I think theresultshows
that his confidence was misplaced, fot he never
paid the men who did the work, and they ha\e
not been paid to this day. This man in whom
General Fremont had the utmost confidence de-
frauded the laboring men he employed out of their
earnings, although General Fiemont gave him
four times the value of the work. I say, there-
fore, that whether he sent to California for these
men or not, the manner in which he received them,
the manner in which he endowed them with con-
tracts, the manner in which he appointed some of
them on his staff, and still piled contracts upon
them, is sufficidfu upon that point.
The gentleman characterizes the committee in
the severest terms because they mention the name
of a certain gentleman as being upon General Fre-
mont's staff, and still the recipient of contracts
from him, when, in fact, it was another man. But,
sir, there was another member of his staff who
was also a contractor; anil if the committee made
a mistake in one instance, they did not in the other.
And there were other members of his staff who
were also contractors.
Now, sir, before renewing the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, I desire to refer to another
remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The
gentleman said I had made a charge against the
President of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, there is no gentleman in this
House who has made more flings at the present
Administration, as everybody knows, than the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Air. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow me
to say that, what I have said, ! have said openly.
If I have made attacks upon the President, they
are upon record, and they may be found. I but
repeated what the gentleman himself uttered.
Air. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; and what
I say I say openly. I have done nothing under
disguise, nor have I said anything m disguise in
any remarks I have made here or elsewhere. But
all I proposed to say on this subject was, that it
does not lie in the mouth of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who has been constant in his as-
saults upon, not only the President, but the gen-
erals of the Army, to talk to me of making charges
against the President.
Now, sir, m obedience to my promise, I move
to lay the resolution on the table..
Air. DiVEN. I hope that motion will be with-
draw!), to enable me to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the light to modify his lesolution.
Air. DIVEN. I modify it, then, by striking
out the name o£ John C. Fremont wherever it
occurs.
The question being on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, -v
Mr. DIVEN demanded the yeas and nays.
Tlie yeas and nays were not ordeied.
The resolution was laid on the table.
Air. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolution was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEXICO.
Air. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the President's
menage, of the 11th in>tnnt. in regard to the present con-
dition of .Mexico, ho printed for the use of the members of
the House, and one thousand l'or the use of the State De-
paitment.
ENROLLED BTL13.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bilis, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No.
G7) to supply the Smithsonian institution with
volumes of Wilkes's Exploring Expedition; when
the Speaker signed the same.
MILITARY CTTXrZATXSr:
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of resolutions and motions
lying over under the rule. The fust on the Cal-
endar is a resolution directing the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to inquire into the
expediency of authorizing military chaplains to
frank the Jettons and other mailable matter of all
members of their respective regiments or of the
employes of the Govt rnment at the military posts
where such chaplains may be stationed.
Air. OLIN moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
