1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
3*7X11 Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Killinger.
Ho. op Reps.
slaveholding States had the right so to legislate.
Next it was complained that settlers from the slave
States were excluded from the Territories. Ac-
cordingly we passed bills organizing all the Terri-
tories of the United States by a unanimous vote,
which carefully ignored the slavery question,and
left its disposition to the actual settlers. Finally,
Congress adopted an amendment to the Constitu-
tion prohibiting interference with slavery in the
States; and but for the stubborn refusal of the
Senators from the seceded States to vote, the Crit-
tenden resolutions would have received the sanc-
tion of a majority vote in the United States Senate.
Mr. Lincoln reiterated these conservative posi-
tions when he came into power, and yet treason-
able counsels and ambitious designs prevailed in
eleven States, and civil war had become an exist-
ing fact.
Just as solicitous as I was heretofore for peace,
and an avoidance of the horrors ofcivil war, I am
now anxious for the prosecution of the war with
vigor. 1 am, indeed, for war to the bitter end—
stern, unrelenting war, without armistice or com-
promise, as the speediest mode of solving the great
problem devolved upon us in the providence of
God. Subjugation is a word thathas no terrors for
me, and rather than witness the success of the
traitors in their mad efforts to pull down the pil-
lars of the Republic, I would reduce them to colo-
nial vassalage, lay waste their fields with fire and
sword, and annihilate every living thing within
their limits.
If I have any fault to find with the military man-
agement of our affairs, and I rarely venture on
so delicate a topic, it is that the operations in the
field have been conducted with mistaken leniency.
Need I recount the devilish expedients to which
the rebels have resorted in their conduct of the
war? The softened usages of modem warfare
have been wantonly and uniformly disregarded.
They respect no flag of truce; they mutilate dead
bodies; they poison food and drink; they confis-
cate the property of loyal men; and they are hope-
lessly sunk in the depths of depravity and in-
iquity. In such a savage conflict, we but prolong
hostilities by temporizing with the leaders and
releasing their followers on parole of honor.
Mercy shown to such devils in human shape is
cruelty to loyal men. History records no such
instances of savage ferocity, and brutal conduct
generally, as every day's account from the seat of
war brings to our knowledge. If we would hasten
to the end of the struggle, we must infuse more of
a retaliatory spirit into it„wage it in more deadly
earnest, and exterminate the chiefs in crime and
authority. As the British put down the Sepoy
rebellion in India, so must we crush out the sav-
ages of the seceded States. It would rejoice me
to see Charleston a heap of ruins, and its leaders
in rebellion swing without judge or jury.
I take occasion, in this connection, to bear testi-
mony to the general fidelity and patriotism with
which Mr. Lincoln has discharged the responsible
duties of his position. I do not mean to give my
approval to everything that has been said and done
by individuals holding places of trust or profit
under him. In such a vast and complicated ma-
chinery as we have had to set in operation it was
not unreasonable to find a screw loose occasion-
ally, but nothing has been developed to implicate
him in any improper transaction. On the con-
trary, he continues, and most justly, to possess
the confidence of the people, and his administra-
tion has been signally successful. The public
credit is the barometer of national confidence. A
year ago it was at a low ebb, and the public se-
curities were selling at a ruinous discount. Mr.
Buchanan left as a legacy approaching bankrupt-
cy a Government verging on dissolution,and the
dissevered fragments of a once glorious Union.
Now, the public securities command a premium,
the public councils have been invigiprated , and the
people have unbounded confidence in the integrity
of the President and the stability of the Govern-
The one great duty which the President has
proposed to himself, in dealing with the great re-
bellion , and in which I desire to sustain Sum in
my humble way, is " to keep the integrity of the
Union prominent as the primary object of the con-
test." Congress has solemnly pledged its faith
and that of the people to the same object. On the
strength of this we have put in the field a mighty
army, and are about placing heavy burdens upon
the people in the shape of taxation. No com-
plaint has been or will be made, so long as we main-
tain our position with the President fairly and
squarely upon the broad ramparts of the Consti-
tution, faithful to its teachings, and not unmind-
ful of its obligations.
The confiscation of the property and effects of
rebels in arms against the United States is sug-
gested as a measure of indemnity for the past and
as a military necessity for the future. Obviously,
such a measure requires the safeguards of legisla-
tion to be thrown around it, in order that its exer-
cise may not lead to lawlessness and injustice.
Regarding " property and effects" as the sinews
of war, I believe that it is our duty to deprive the
rebels of them to the extent of our ability, be-
cause insodoing we weaken them,and strengthen
ourselves. The pretexts for this rebellion having
been entirely groundless, as the rebel commission-
ers to England admitted in their official commu-
nications, we have a double right to insist on com-
plete indemnification according to the rules of civ-
ilized warfare. If such a measure is in conflict
with the letter or spirit of our Constitution, 1 shall
regret it; but until it is so declared by competent
authority, I shall hold to the belief that it is wise,
urgent in its necessity, and accordant with the ge-
nius of our free institutions.
The emancipation of the slaves tff rebels by
congressional action is also urged. Waiving for
the present the inquiry into our power over the
subject-matter, I desire to say that if such a scheme
appears to be a military necessity, in that high
and solemn sense which calls for its adoption as
a means of maintaining the Government, I will
favor it. Mr. Lincoln has said we must use all
means which are indispensable to the maintenance
of the Union and the Constitution; and as the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy , he
is invested with large discretion in this direction.
From what I have already said of him, it may be
inferred that I have sufficient confidence in his pa-
triotism and fidelity to intrust its decision to him.
Thus far he has not believed such a scheme to be
an element of strength, and has not favored it.
It will be observed that the reasons which may
be urged in favor of confiscation do not apply to
emancipation. It will not replenish our Treasury
to the amount of a single dollar under the con-
struction which those who favor its passage give
to it. They are unwilling to acknowledge any
such right of property in the negro as will enable
the Government to realize any revenue from its
seizure and sale. For myself, I have to say that
I am not sensitive on that subject. While the tax
bill was pending in the House, I voted for the tax
proposed to be laid upon the owners of slaves, but
the singular combination of slaveholders, slavery
sympathizers,and those who look upon the negro
from the humanitarian stand-point, defeated that
most just measure. In view of the great burden
of taxation laid upon free labor, I think it right
that a portion should be laid upon slave labor.
While some of my colleagues were unwilling to
do this act of justice to the white tax payers, they
arc now favoring a scheme that will deluge the
free States with this degraded form of labor, and
involve the Government in millions of expense.
That this is literally true I need only refer to
the experience we have already had of the work-
ings of the slave exodus. Within sight of the
Capitol I have seen hundreds of runaway negroes,
a charge upon Government liberality, and under
the protection of United States soldiers. So, also,
we are informed, agents and missionai ies are sent
to the southern coast under Government patron-
age, to teach contraband negroes their alphabet
and impart religious instruction to them. I need
hardly say that I disapprove the precedent and the
principle involved in these cases. It is an abuse
; of power and a misapplication of the public rcv-
! enues. If we expect to keep pace, in our educa-
tional and missionary enterprises, with the increas-
ing swarm of freed negroes, we must enlarge our
revenues, and add materially to the taxation im-
posed upon free labor.
Except where they can be made useful) I think
this class of persons ought to be left to themselves.
They ave at present a heavy burden to their own-
ers, and I propose to leave the burden rest where
it properly belongs. They have become consum-
ers instead of producers. They must bo fed,
clothed, and watched continually. Those of them
that are of any account at all are rapidly dispos-
ing of themselves without aid or comfort from
Congress. They find the door open, and need
only to "march on" to their deliverance front
bondage.
Although this scheme assumes to be limited in
its operation to rebels, it is manifest that it is di-
rected against the institution of slavery, as such.
With three or more millions of slaves set loose
in the slave States, assuming that the scheme
would be of practical effect, uncared and unpro-
vided for, loyal men would have no security for
life or property. It would involve insubordina-
tion and insurrection. Such outbreaks in the bor-
der States which are in the Union, and entitled to
the protection of the Government, would be ele-
ments of weakness rather than of strength. We
cannot afford to lose or be indifferent to those
States. They are the walls of partition between
the free States and the ruin and devastation which
have marked this fearful civil war. Nobly have
our patriot brothers withstood the pressure in
those States, and may my right hand forget its
cunning when I desert them in their extremity.
It is against sound policy to press such a total
abolition of slavery as this bill will suddenly ef-
fect, involving, as it does, elements of mischief
and dissension. We are now a unit on the war
for the Union, while the South is becoming di-
vided as our victorious flag advances. Can wo
improve ourcondition by dividing our people and
uniting the enemy ? We run the risk, too, of de-
moralizing thatgrcat Army which is now in front
of the enemy, and under the inspiring war cry of
the Union and the Constitution! In God's name,
letwcll enough alone, let Union sentiments levite
and strengthen, and have faith that Providence
will complete the work on our hands !
The President's policy is the wisest and most
statesmanlike which has come under my obser-
vation. With him, I am not indifferent to the
solemn duties devolved upon us by the exigencies
of the present time. With him, I am anxious
that thisgreatstruggle for national existence shall
not degenerate into a violent and remoiseless rev-
olution. I voted cheerfully for his resolution to
initiate gradual emancipation, and on its basis we
abolished slavery in this District. The two prin-
ciples, of compensation to loyal owners and col-
onization to distant lands, made that measure
palatable to me. My desire is that these two great
principles shall march hand in hand, so that we
may be relieved of the negro population, North
and South, as rapidly as possible. liy pursuing
this policy, we shall succeed in removing every
element of sectional discord, revive the drooping
energies of loyal men in the border States, lein-
vigorate and give value to their worn-out lands,
increase the national revenues by enlarging the
national wealth, and finally restore to their na-
tive latitudes a down-trodden and much injured
race. Their departure will be the signal for in-
creased activity in all the departments of free white
labor. Their presence in our struggle adds noth-
ing to our power and strength. They have given
no indications of fighting qualities. If they pos-
sessed them, they would before this have struck
a decisive blow for themselves. The history of
the world attests the fact that they who deserve
to be free must free themselves.
The President, in his late proclamation, lias
reserved the question involved to himself, as one
of military necessity, and I doubt not his power
of calling to such service as they may be adapted,
the entire negro population of the country, North
and South, free and slave, for the purposes of
general defense and the maintenance of the Gov-
ernment. However humiliating to our national
pride such an expedient might be, it is entirely
consistent with the scope of my argument, that
to preserve the Government and crush treason
we ought to use all the means which God and na-
tuie have placed at our disposal. It will be per-
ceived that it is not out of any concern for the
slaveholder that I refuse to prostitute my position
to the blind and unreasoning clamor 'for aboli-
tion. My conviction is that instead of aiding, it
will weaken the Union cause. It will breed dis-
sension among ourselves, throw millions of help-
