1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
731
member does not ckim to have been elected in pursuance
of any law, or of any constitutional provision whatever, but
on the general right to representation which the people
have. The contestant is lieie by virtue of an election, at
a time and place fixed in the constitution of Oregon itself;
in compliance with which the Legislature lias forbffhie to
this day to fix any other time aud place."
I ask, then, how my friend from Massachusetts
can find it in his legal or moral conscience; how, as
a lawyer or a just man, he could declare at the ex-
tra session that his friend from Kansas, [Mr. Con-
way,] who had taken his seat by virtue of an elec-
tion ordered, not by the Legislature, but by the
convention, was entitled to take a seat upon this
floor, and yet cannot now declare that his friend,
Mr. Segar, standing upon the same ground and
upon the same principle, is equally entitled to a
seat? I remember very well the old saying, that
it is more harm for some people to look into the
sheep-pen than it is for others to steal the sheep;
and 1 have never before been so forcibly struck
with its truth as in this case of mine. Mr. Shiel
and Mr. Conway can come here and carry off the
sheep, emoluments, honors, and all, while I, poor
I, am not to be allowed the poor privilege of tak-
ing even a peep into the pen.
But I know very well how the legal ingenuity
of the gentleman from Massachusetts will essay
to get over this difficulty in Ins way. He will say
that the time and placc for holding the clcction in
the case of Mr. Siiiel were fixed by the constitu-
tion of Oregon; that in that case it was a consti-
tutional provision. In reply, 1 have this to say:
if the power of a convention is so great that it
can absolutely fix the time and place of election
for all time, 1 wish to know whether it may not
at least exercise the power of ordering at least a
single election, as was done in my case. I submit
this point for the gentleman's especial consider-
ation.
The vote in the contested ease of Shiel vs. Thayer
was 77 to 37 in favor of the former, and in every
other ease this House decided in like manner,
where the same principle was involved. Shall
my case be an exception to the general rule? I
appeal to the simple justice of the House. I de-
sire to know why the House could, during the
extra session of Congress, admit a "member to
membership here, and now, not six months after-
wards, reject me, although I piesent the same
claim and occupy identically the same ground?
Why this discrimination attempted against me?
I confess I do not comprehend how members
have come to change their judgment so rapidly.
I have a right, however, to demand the reason of
the discrimination against me. I do not suppli-
cate it—I scorn to supplicatc in the premises; but
I have the right, at least for my constituents, to
demand an explanation why the committee act
upon a different principle in my case fiom that
\vhi#h governs them in other cases. It is due to
me and it is due to the loyal men who sent me here
that this explanation should be made. It is due
to the country and to every Union man in this
land thai this explanation should be made; for I
"claim to be a-s true-hearted in my devotion to the
Union as any man in the land; and I was sent
here for an express purpose—to labor with all the
good and true men in this House to put down this
wicked rebellion, and to vote every dollar of money
required, and to advocate every effective measure
necessary to save the Government from destruc-
tion, and to bring back the Union of our fathers.
Occupying that position, and it being known to
the country that I do occupy it, I say that I have
a right to ask of the committee, and in the name
of my honored constituency, I do ask to be told
how it is that upon a certain principle they could
unanimously vote, six months ago, to admit a gen-
tleman to a seat upon this floor, and now, upon
identically the same principle, refuse to admit me?
I have been taught to believe that the Representa-
tives of the people of this nation are just, if not
generous, and I do say tha't if there be a spark of
justice left here, they will demand of the commit-
tee a reversal of the report made in this case, or
that they themselves, the arbiters of my fate, will
reverse it for them, and admit me to the seat which
I am claiming.
I think, then, I have shown that I come here
ejected under a law passed by a competent au-
thority, town, an ordinance of the people ofVii-
ginia sitting in convention.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to another point in
this case. I brought with me herQprhna facie evi-
dence of my title to this seat, and that prima facie
evidence has not been disproved. Now, I admit
the right of the House to judge of the qualifications
and returns of its members; but I presume that it
will not be contended by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that this power can be
arbitrarily exercised. This House has itselfacode
of parliamentary law upon the subject which is
binding on this House itself and upon its commit-
tees. The House has fixed the whole law of elec-
tion, from 1794 down to the present time, and
among the principles settled in that election code is
this: that every man who comes here claiming a
seat upon this floor, and presenting prima facie
evidence of title to that seat, must be swoin in; and
on this principle I ought to have been sworn in the
very first day of the session. I presume that law
will not be questioned. I will read to the House a
simple extract from a celebrated case which settles
the principle I have named. 1 read from the case
of Bassett vs. Bayley, which will be found on page
255 of the volume of Contested-Election Cases:
" It is titled, on the other hand, by the sitting member,
that until disproved, the officer' leturn who conducted the
election ought to be rc^pectcd as prima faric evidence of
the legality ofthcpiocecdnigs, and the committee are unan-
imously of this opinion."
There is the law laid down as plain as a pike-
staff," as they say in my country, that every man
who comes here with prima facie evidence of title
is entitled to his seat until the return of the State
officers is controverted and disproved; and if the
chairman of the Committee of Elections can cite
me to one solitary case in which a gentleman com-
ing here and presenting the return of the return-
ing officers of his State has not been allowed to
take the oath and his scat, I will give the question
up. There is no such case. The question, then,
comes up: have I the return of the returning offi-
cers of my State? I will state to the House that
the officers in Virginia authorized by law to make
the returns in elections, and deliver to the candi-
date the evidence of his election, arc the commis-
sioners who •onduet the' election at the court-
houses. This is not disputed. Sir, I have that
certificate; I have the return prescribed by the laws
of Virginia, and recognized in the proclamation of
Governor Pierpont. I have the return of the two
freeholders who acted as commissioners; no com-
missioners appearing to open the polls, the law
provides that any two freeholders may open the
polls and hold an election. These two freeholders
did open a poll, they took the poll ifccording to
law, and they certify the result according to law.
I have hero that return. My friend from Massa-
chusetts has not done me the service to put that
return in his rcpoit. I know that no injustice was
intended; but it is a little singular that in his re-
port he does not embrace the return, which is the
i gist of the whole thing, its omission throws a
| doubt and darkness over the ease which will be
' utterly dispelled when members of the House
! come to examine the icturn. I will read the con-
i elusion of it only. The officers of the election,
J after stating the facts of the case which are set
i forth in the report of the committee, among oth-
I ers, that the rest of the district was occupied by
i the army of the rebels, and therefore no election
j could be held elsewhere than at Hampton, con-
clude their certificate m these words:
! " And we do fmthet comfy that at the election hold m
I pufiUance of the proclamation ah>Lc aid, at Hampton, on
] thia-Mthot Octoboi, ItfCl, m the s-aid comity of ttli7aherh
' City, wlneli i« one of the counties composing the hist con-
I "tectorial di^tnet of the State of Yamni.i. Jo>eph Sesar,
' E.-q., having [''reived ul! thevot^ polled, wa.-* duly elected
! t" lepraent the said fust distuct in the Congress of the
United State-?.
'•Given under our lmnd-s and seals tins 29th da\ of Oc-
I tobcr, 1861.
^ "ALEXANDER WORR.UJ,. r*r.Ai,.]
j THOMAS DOBBINS. [shal.J
I* a T. S. TENNIS. [br.Ai.J-'
i This return is in the very words prescribed by
j the act of Assembly.
| MESSAGE FROM! THE PRESIDENT.
i A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicqlay, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that he had approved and
signed a bill making an appropriation for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year ending
30th June, J8G3.
VIRGINIA ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. SEGAR. 1 say, then, thnt I bring here the
highest evidence, the evidence which has been ex-
hibited by other members front'Virginia, thejpi-
dence of the officers whose business it was to rSfke
the return, and who certify that I received all the *
votes that were cast in the dfstrict. It makes no
difference whether the number was twenty-fiveor
twenty-five thousand or one. I have the certifi-
cate that all the votes cast were given for me. But
that is not all, sir. I have here not only the re-
turn of the proper returning officers but I have
also the proclamation of the Governor of "Virginia
—Governor Pierpont—whom the gentleman from
Massachusetts himself recognizes as the Governor
of Virginia; or if he does not, I do, because he is
the loyal Governor of'Virginia, and I recognize
no men even as citizens of Virginia who are not
loyal to the supreme government of the Union, I
recognize with all my heart this new government
of Virginia, because it is composed of the loyal
citizens of Virginia and headed by the loyal Gov-
ernor of Virginia. I have the certificate of this
loyal Governor of the loyal people of Virginia. I
would not have a certificate from John Letcher.
I would not have a certificate from any disloyal
Governor of my State. 1 would scorn it and
tread upon it and spit upon it. But I bring here
the certificate of the ioyafGovernor of Virginia,
given in pursuance of the laws of the Common-
wealth, and he certifies that I, Joseph Segar,have
had the honor, and the very high honor, of being
selected by the loyal citizens of Virginia to occupy
the high post of a Representative in this House of
Commons of the nation. Now, sir, has this re-
turn been impcachcd, or itscorrectness disproved?
That is the question.
I ask the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Elections if he, or any one, has bioughtany
evidence here to disprove my prima facie title?
Has anybody contested my seat? Has there been
a living being found to come here and claim the
seat? Heretofore, when there was no contest, and
no fraud alleged, gentlemen have been allowed to
march up, take the oath, and enter upon their
duties as members of the House. Why was not
that rule applied to me? I put that point to the
House, and call its attention-to it. Has there
been, 1 repeat, any proof submitted by the Com-
mittee of Elections impeaching, in the slightest
degree* the truth or validity of these returns of
the State officers of Virginia? Where is the evi-
dence impeaching these returns? Who has said
that the returns were not properly made? No-
body; because nobody could assert it without a
violation of truth. Well, then, if nobody im-
peaches the return, if nobody doubts its correct-
ness, am I not entitled to the seat? Why, then,
Mr. Speaker, should thisunusual and mortifying
discrimination be made against m#? I cannot
understand how a rule which has prevailed from
1789 up to the present time should now be re-
versed for my disadvantage. Am I laboring1 under
any disqualification to be a member of this House?
Am I not a citizen of Virginia? 1 have rarely
been beyond the smoke of tier chimneys. Am I
not of legal age } For more than forty years I
have been worshiping at the altars of the Union.
I pretend to no great intellectual gifts—am but a
pigmy, compared with those intellectual giants
whose colossal proportions tower above to remind
us small men of our dimmutiveness. But, thank
my good God,Tie has given me mind enough,at
least, to love this Union above all the other insti-
tutions of the earth.
Am I disloyal, as I have heard it suggested?
Lives there a man within the broad limits of the
continent who will come and to my face aver
against me any actor expression of disloyalty^
There is not in this House or in the Union a more
loyalspirit. Onemoreloyalneverbreathed. Icon-
fess that I have been, in my time, a decided party
man. I was an old-line Whjg, and never deserted
that faith, and I never knew an undoubted old-line
I Whig who was untrue to the Union. Grand, no-
| ble, magnificent, immortal Henry Clay was, to my
j imagination, the beau ideal of a statesman—not
j so much because he had originated most that is
j grand and great in American policy, and partic-
I ularly because he had done most for the poliey of
piotection to American industry and American
■ labor, a policy which so administers to the com-
■ fort of the masses, and without which we could
, not have carried on this war for a month; not so
I much for this as that he was one of the warmest
I lovers and bravest defenders of the Union of these
I States. I have been, I say, a strong party man;
