2714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
tion and allow this bill to be postponed, to be con-
sidered in the House on some future day.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the House is determ-
ined to pass this bill, my vote will not stop it, and
gentlemen may takeany course they choose with it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
ltselfinto the Gommittee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps,
of Missouri, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 288, for the con-
struction of a ship canal for the passage of armed
naval vessels from the Mississippi river to Lake
Michigan, and for other purposes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask that the first
reading of the bill may be dispensed with.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I ask that the bill
may be read.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suggest to the
gentleman from New York that he will probably
withdraw his request for the reading of the bill if
lie understands that the intention is to move that
the committee rise and report this bill to the House
with the recommendation that it be postponed until
some future day, and to place it in a condition
where it may receive full and ample consideration.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I withdraw my re-
quest for that purpose.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the bill of the House No. 288, and had in-
structed him to report the same to the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found tiuly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles; to which the Speaker thereupon affixed
his signature:
An act (S. No. 279) providing for the election
of jurors to serve in the several courts in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 193) to repeal that part of an acfc
of Congress that prohibits the circulation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in
the District of Columbia.
ILLINOIS SIIIP CANAL AGAIN.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the bill
be made a special order for Thursday next after
the morning hour.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object to its being made
a special order for any day during next week.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move, then, that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed
until Tuesday week.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS IN Tit I? ARMY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report back
Senate bill No. 217, to encourage enlistments in
the regular Army of the United States, and for
other purposes, with an amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I hope the gentle-
man from Missouii will not press that bill to its
passage at this time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will not, unless
it is the pleasure of the House to do so. It is a
very important measure. Originally it was sim-
ply for the purpose of encouraging enlistments in
the regular Army of the United States, but the
Senate added to it three or four other bills. If it
is the desire of the House to postpone the further
consideration of the subject, I will not object. !
Mr.F. A.CONKLING. I move that the fur- !
ther consideration of the subject b% postponed I
until this day week, and that it be ordered to be
printed. I noticed by the reading of the bill that
it involves very important piopositions, and I
think that it ought to be punted, and time af-
forded to members for its careful consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
AlUIKD EXPEDITION FROM PHILADELPHIA, ETC.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am directed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to ask that they
be discharged from the further consideration of a
resolution of the City Council of Philadelphia, rel-
ative to fitting out an armed expedition from that
city, and the petition of the late workmen at Har-
per's Ferry, Virginia, praying for the continua-
tion of the United States armory at that place;
and that they be laid upon the table.
The motjon was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL OATII FOR JURORS.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 281, prescribing an additional oath to
be taken by grand and petit jurors serving in the
United States courts, in order that it may now be
put on its passage. I am informed by a gentleman
connected with the legal profession in this city
that the criminal court will meet next week, and
that it is important this bill should be acted on
now.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. POTTER demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, aiid the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES L. NELSON.
Mr. WALTON asked the unanimous conscnt
of the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 341, for the relief of Charles L. Nel-
son, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
OFFENSES AGAINST MILITARY LAW.
Mr. BINGHAM. Under a resolution of the
House that the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report to the House, on Friday morn-
ing next, a bill providing that courts-martial shall
not hefeafter sentence to the penitentiary any per-
son for an offense against military law, and pro-
viding for the discharge of the persons now held
in the penitentiary by virtue of commitments made
by such courts for offenses not made infamous by
the common law, I ask leave to report the bill in-
dicated, and to move that it be printed, and recom-
mitted.
The bill was received, rend a first and second
time, and recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
SUITS AGAINST SURETIES OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, submitted communications
in reference to the extension of time within which
sureties of postmasters may be sued; which were
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
WILLIAM II. VAN HORN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, made an
adverse report in the case of William H. Van
Horn,postmaster at Grcensburg, Indiana; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
OBJECTION DAY.
Mr. FENTON. I move, by the unanimous
consent of the House, that this day, in the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, be made objection day.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
Mr. FENTON moved to go into a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, (Mr.
Edwards in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the call would
begin where it was left off on the last objection
day.
J. J. LINTS.
A bill (H. R. No. 2) for the relief of J.J. Lints.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed, out of j
any money m theTreaaury not otherwise appro- 1
priated, to pay to J. J. Lints the sum of ยง1,289 33,
being in full for his services as custodian of the
public property at Erie, Pennsylvania, from the
8th of April, 1857, to the Gth of December, 1658,
inclusive.
I t appears from the report, which was read, that
in 1835 Mr. Lints was appointed local agent and
engineer for the improvement of the harbor at
Erie, Pennsylvania, at a compensation of $120 per
month, by Colonel Abert, corps of topographical
engineers, with the approval of the Secretary of
War. When the appropriation for the work be-
came so far exhausted as to render it necessary to
suspend operations, Mr. Lints was continued in
service as custodian of the public property per-
taining to the harbor, at a reduced compensation
of two dollars per day. He now claims |l,289 33
compensation for his services as custodian from
the 8th of April, 1857, to the 10th of September,
1859, inclusive, no part of which, he avers, has
ever been paid him. The correctness of the ac-
count is admitted by the officer in charge of har-
bor improvements on the lakes, and by Colonel
J. J. Abert, of the Bureau of Topographical En-
gineers, whose report accompanies the papers of
the petitioner. He received no pay after the 8th
of April, 1857, because the appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor at Erie had been ex-
hausted previous to that date.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
MICIIAEL NASH.
A bill (H. R. No. 408) for the relief of Michael
Nash, of the District of Columbia. [Objected to
by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
JACOB HALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 410) for the relief of Jacob
Hall. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
INDIAN CLAIMS.
A. bill (H. R. No. 172) providing for the ex-
amination of claims for Indian depredations in the
Territory of New Mexico. [Objected to by Mr.
F. A. Conkling.]
REIMBURSEMENT TO CITIZENS.
A bill (H. R. No. 331) to indemnify certain cit-
izens of the Unued States, residing in" the State of
Delaware, for expenses incurred by them in de-
fense of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not see why the laws
now in force do not reach this case.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. There is no report
in the case, and I object.
PANAMA RAILROAD COMPANY.
A bill (H. R. No. 428) for the relief of the pres-
ident and directors of the Panama Railroad Com-
pany.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be instructed to pay to the president and di-
rectors of the Panama Railroad Company the sum
of ยง7,475, in full of all claims of said company oft
the United States for the transportation of certain
persons from Panama to New York, by agree-
ment with Commodore Mervine.
It appears from the report that three hundred
and four of Walker's men, mostly citizens of the
United Stales, in a destitute condition, were sent
by Commodore Mervine, in 1857, to the United
States, by the Panama Railroad Company, he
drawing his bill upon the Navy Department for
$7,475. The bill was neither accepted, paid, nor
protested, as there was no appropriation applica-
ble to it. The act of Commodore Mervine was,
however, approved by the Department, and an ap-
propriation recommended tonieettlieclaim,as will
more fully appear in Executive Document No. 24,
of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and again set forth
in a report of the Naval Committee, No. 544, first
session of the Ttiirty-Sixth Congress, when a bill
was reported for payment of the amount of said
bill for transportation, namely ,$7,475, with inter-
est from the 10th day of June, 1857.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
HERMAN J. EHLE.
A bill (H. R. No. 429) grouting a pension to
Herman .T. F.hle
The bill provides that the Secretary of the In-
terior be authorized and directed to place the ni\me
of Htrman J. Ehle on the invalid pension rolls of
