732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
bistaginc6- this ufthappy war began I have never
kmlwh a party emotion or made a party calcula-
tion'; and I am now ready to cooperatewith men
of all political partfes—Whigs, Democrats, and
Republicans, alike—in a vigorous effort to crush
out the rebellion and restore the Constitution and
Union of our fathers. ^ I quarrel now with no-man
about his political opinions.
"Shall.I ask the brave soldier who fights by my side
.In the cause of mankind, if m creeds we agree?
- Shall I give up the friend who is faithful .and tried,
Because he kneels not at the same altar with me ? 
No, sir; I have thrown aside all mere party.
There is now, or there should be, but one party
in this country—the party which is now standing
by the stars and stripes, and that will fight and
die under them to break down the rebellion, and
by restoring the ancicnt Union, " bring the pri-
mal glories of the Republic back again.'*
I think I have shown thus far that I have been
elected in conformity with law, enacted by com-
petent authority—to wit, the convention of Vir-
ginia. I have shown, in the second place, that I
am entitled to a seat here because I present the un-
contradicted and undisputed return of the proper"
returning and State officers of Virginia, including
the Governor tliereof. But the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Elections proposes to get
over the return by taking the ground that the
terms of the Virginia code of 18C0 have not been
complied with. He urges that there was no writ
of election issued, or notice of the election given,
as required by the code of 1860. These positions
are as groundless as
" the baseless fabric of a vision."
We are told by the chairman of the Committee
of Elections that, this being a vacancy, there
should have been a writ of election, and that the
want of it vitiates the election. I tell that gentle-
man that he cannot have fully examined the law.
Under the law of Virginia writs of election are
called for only in cases of vacancy. But is this
case of mine one of vacancy ? Cannot the legal
acumen ofthegentleman from Massachusetts show
him that it is not* If this were a vacancy, there
must have been some person holding my seat be-
fore me. Who was he? My predecessor was Mr.
Garnett. lie is in the rebel Congress, where 1
would not be for all the gold that ever came from
the mines of California, or for all the honors which
man ever cast upon man.
An election came off on the 23d of May, which
was the regular day of election, but there was no
member of Congress elected, because the State
convention had passed a law making it a peni-
tentiary offense for any citizen of Virginia to
open a pol!*for a representative to the Congress
of the United States. 1 come here to fill no va-
cancy. I come here as an original Representative.
I am here under the first election held under a
new government. I will be frank to admit that
if this were a vacancy the election would not have
been properly held without a writ of election.
But, sir, 1 claim no vacant seat. 1 am heie under
a new regime. I am here elected by loyal men
under the proclamation of a new Governor, and
of a now organization.
Then, sir, if i am not seeking to fill a vacancy,
the gentleman himself admits that no writ of elec-
tion is required. I stand elected under a general
law providingforageneral election, and so I think
this argument of the gentleman is, as we say m
Dixie, " effectually knocked into a cocked hat."
The next ground of the gentleman's legal ob-
jection, that relating to the giving of ten days'
notice, is based altogether upon the other ground
of the required writ of election. It is true, as the
gentleman says, that the law prescribes that to fill
a vacancy a writ of election must be issued by the
Governor, and delivered to the sheriffs and ser-
geants, who are to give at least ton days' notice in
every county; but the writ of election not being
required except to fill a vacancy, of course no no-
tice was necessary, and, therefore, the whole
foundation of the gentleman's argument tumbles
into ruin; and I defy him, with all his legal pow-
ers tmd ingenuity, to set the fabric up. *
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I move that the gen-
tleman be allowed to continue his remarks.
No objection being made, permission was ac-
cordingly given.
Mr.~SEGAfi. Notice ! notice! At a time like
this will gentlemen be governed by petty techni-
calities or unsubstantialities, if I may coin a word?
At this time, when the Government is struggling
for existence, when treason is rampant through
the land, when treason has clcnched itsfoul grasp
upon the very throat of the Government and using
superhuman strength to throttle it, talk to me about
notice at such a crisis! Why, Mr. Speaker, it
reminds me of an incident in the history of the
" times that tried men's souls," that has been
handed down to immortality by the eloquence of
Henry and the genius of Wirt. Its sccne is m a
portion of the district that I have the honor to rep-
resent, and at Yorktown, where the rebel Ma-
gruder nowoccupicsthe same relation to this thrice
glorious Government of ours that Cornwallis oc-
cupied to the colonies in the Revolution. There,
sir, ended the great struggle for colonial independ-
ence—there, sir, where the seed sown at Con-
cord and Lexington and Bunker PTill ripened into
a glorious harvest. There the genius of liberty
perched on almost celestial pinnacle, looking down
upon the proud scene beneath, that scene the
American eagle with giappled talons keeping down
the British lion to the dust, shouted in scraplnc
strains that her c< Shiloh had come." There the
man of Massachusetts and the man of Virginia,
who had stood shoulder to shoulder in the fight,
had shook hands together that what had been be-
gun when the tea was thrown overboard at Boston
had been consummated on the plains of York-
town. There some were on their knees returning
thanks to the God of battles that He had gone
through the fight with them, while others made
the welkin ring with the loud hosannas of joyous
freemen. There, sir, when all was joy and glad-
ness, was heard one discordant voice—one inhar-
monious, unsympafhizing sound.
Acei tain man—1 think history calls him Johnny
Hook—who had sold to the American Army a
quantity of beef, and who, instead of joining m
the general rejoicing, andcatchmginspiration from
the folds ot freedom's flag as it streamed to vic-
tory's breeze, was hoard crying out in the Amer-
ican ramp, " I3uef, beef, beef—pay me for my
beef!"
So, now, when the Government is in the ago-
nies of the death-struggle; when it is on the verge
of dissolution, on the brink of destruction; when
treason is here and treason there; when, as I have
said, it has its fiendish clutch upon the very throat
of the Government, and staving with demoniac
rage to thrtottlc it; when all true and loyal men are
wanted for the rescue; when Jefferson Davis is
marching his-rebellious legions to sack the capi-
tal, and plant the banner of the confcdewite States
on Faneiul Hall itself; gentlemen at a time like
this are heard exclaiming, "You, Mr. Segar,
must not come into this Iinil; we want not your
aid; your constituents had no notice of an elec-
tion; so go back* home, and have notice served by
the sheniX and the sergeant, and then you may
come here to help us put down the rebellion and
save the Union,and not before!" Sir, it is as much
out of place as the crying of " beef, beef!" by
Johnny Ilook.
It wa.s afsked by a gentleman o\er the way, at
the outlet of this discussion, whether this requii u-
ment of a notice was not merely directory in its
character, and whether the non-compliance with a
regulation merely diiectory in itschaiacter, would
have the effect to vitiate an election. It was an in-
quiry well put; and upon this point I desire to read
a single extract from the second volume of Pri-
son's Select Cases, page 541:
" If such otlioeis were charged with offenses against the
law m conducting an election, if it was cliaiged that they
lni<l omitted to peitoun en lain dtrectoiv dutie-i retailed hv
law, \\ e say they merited and ought to receive punishment
lui the offence, but that the people should bo puni'-bcd
tor tiie. delatilK of then agents. That hecaiWMiom mdatth-
fulness or ignoianoe, oiheci* had di*ohe\ cd ot neglected t8e
derlaiatoiy mandate-sot the election law m conducting an
election, that tins misconduct should not (iit-fianehisc the
people of the county, who had not participated in nos sanc-
tioned their illegal acts. Wo saw that by so doing, instead
of punishing an officei for violating the election law, we
should disfranchise the poopleof a distiict. Tins we could
not hut see would invite unpiincipied paiti&ans to commit
sueh offenses in oider to defeat an honest majouty by in-
direct which they covhl not oveicome by duect m^an&."
This is the law laid down by a high Pennsyl-
vania court, that the non-performance of a di-
rectory mandate of law could not vitiate an elec-
tion, nor disfranchise the people.
But, sir, in reference to this matter of notice,
an idea has just occurred to me, which I beg to
present to the House, and it is conclusive of the
case, being in conformity with the decisions of
this body for near three fourths of a century:
the point is, that when J present the uncontra-
dicted return of the officers, whose duty itis to
make returns of the result of the elections, if no-
tice is required at all it is to be presumed that it m
was given, and you cannot go behind the returns
of the returning officers. When that return
comes here uncontradicted, and unimpeached for
fraud, not only is notice presumed, but everything
that is required to be done is presumed to be done
as the law requires. That is a legal pi'oposition
which no member of the committee will under-
take to controvert.
The next objection which is urged is thesmall-
ness of my vote, and I presume this fact has had
more.influence upon the committee than any other
consideration. That is an objection which 1
scarcely consider worthy of an argument. I hold
that if but one vote had been cast at that election,
and it was cast for me, I would be entitled to a
seat upon this floor, piovided it was legally cast;
and it is not charged by the committee that the
pall was not conducted and the returns certified
according to law I say if I had received butone
vote, and that the only one given, that one vote,
if given at the proper time and place, would have
constituted me legally a Representative from the
first district of Virginia.
Why, Mr. Speaker, was there ever an election
law which prescribed the number of votes a man
must have to entitle him to an election? Is there
such a law in any State of this Union ? No, sir,
not one; because a law which should prescribe
any particular number for an election would have
been totally impracticable. Therefore, all the
States have fixed upon a certain principle, and
that principle is—the only one founded in reason
—that the person getting the greatest number of
votes, whether more or less, is entitled to the re-
turn.
I submit to the House a few familiar illustra-
tions. Suppose in my ciistiict theie had been ten
thousand legal voters, and suppose that nine thou-
sand nine hundred and ninety-nine had gotdrunk
the morning of the election, and had not become
sober until after the election was over, and that the
one vote polled was cast for Mr. A as a Repre-
sentative in Congrens, I wish to know if, upon
ptinciples of election law settled by this Govern-
ment, Mr. A would not have-been entitled to re-
ceive from the returning officers a certificate of his
election"? Or suppose they all got sick but one, I
want to know whether that one vote would not
have elected the man for whom it was legally cast ?
Certainly, because those who stay away from the
polls, I care not for what cause, whether by coer-
cion and force or from fiee will, are presumed to
acquiesce in what was done by those that did vote.
1 do not think this principle can be succes#fully
controverted. The question ahvoys is, who re-
ceived the,largest number of votes—not of all the
votes of the district, but of all the votes polled?
Indeed this very point,has been settled m thi^
House m favor of my right. If the case had been
manufactured for the occasion, it could not have
more exactly fitted; and I ask the special attention
of my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
to this case. It is the celebrated case of Biddle
and Richard vs. Wing. When I shall have read it,
the House, I am sure, will be satisfied that the
principle is fully settled for which I contend. I
read from the report in that case, as follows:
" In all cases of contested elections, where the question
depends upon n)attci.->ot lact which are contioveited by the
paitu's, much difficulty is to he expected m coming to a de-
cision ; and, where there is room for doubts, a disposition
is often fiJt to fHuru it to the people. Tim, howevei, ousrht
not to he done, when it is possible to ascertain what the true
les^it has been. The elective piiviiego is a veryimpoitant
one, and ought to he held in the highest estimation. When
a people, m the exercise ot their constitutional rights, have
gone thiough with the process of an election, accoidmg to
the preseiibed" mles, they ought not to be deprived of the
advantages aeeiuing iherefiom,biuforthe mostsubstantial
reason-*. Xo doubts which are capable of being solved ought
to be permitted to opeiate against them. Indeed,nothing
short of the impossibility of ascertaining for whom the nui-
jority of votes have been given ought to vacate an eloetiou 5
moic especially if, by such decision, the people must, on
account of their distant and dispersed situation, neeessanly
be uniepicbentcd lor a long period of time."
Sir, here is the very principle laid down by the
House years ago, that an election shoilld not be
set aside except when there is an impossibility of
ascertaining the number of votes. Again:
tk The committee are of opinion that the duty assigned to
them doess not impose 011 them an examination of the cau>cs
