1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United Slates, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, 10 commence on tiie 5th day of March,
1860, and continue during his natural life.
It appears from the report that Mr. Ehle, now
aged sixty-five years, served as first lieutenant in
the company of riflemen commanded by Captain
William Jenkins, in the one hundred and thirty-
eighth regiment and eleventh brigade of the
rmlitia of the State of New York, commanded by
Lieutenant Colonel George H. Nellis, in the war
with Great Britain in 1§12. He was ordered
into the service of the United States and did join
his company of riflemen on the 7th dayofSeptem-
ber, 1814, and marched with said company to Sack-
ett's Harbor, and continued in actual service of
the United States until the 29tfi of September,
1814; and while in camp, in the discharge of his
duty, being exposed to the cold and wet, was,
on or about the 2l)th of September, 1814, taken
sick with dysentery and the piles so severely that
his life was despaired of; that on or about the
39th of September, 1814, the surgeon of the regi-
ment,Dr. Joshua Webster, ordered petitioner to
be sent home, and he wasaccordingly discharged,
sick and disabled, and sent home in a covered
wagon. Petitioner was a well man previous to said
sickness; that the said sickness was not the cffect
of any vicious conduct on his part, and arose
solely from great exposure. Since that time his
health has been constantly impaired; he is wholly
incapable of performing manual labor, and is
greatly afflicted with frequent attacks of the same
disease. He has received a bounty land warrant
from the Department; that the reason he did not
apply sooner was, that he did not know till re-
cently of the act of Congress g;ranting<pensions to
the militia, passed April 24, 1816. He petitions
to receive the benefit of the act passed April 24,
1816, and to be placed on the pension rolls at the
pay of a first lieutenant. His application to the
Pension Office for a pension was lejected on the
ground "that the muster-roll ofhis company upon
which his name is found furnishes no evidence of
disability alleged to have been incurred while in
the service."
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
HEIRS OF BARBARA WALKER.
A bill (H. R. No. 430) for the relief of Amanda
Batts, LauraP. W. Young, and Betsey Mttrdoclc,
heirs of Barbara Walker.
The bill provides that the Secretary of theTreas-
ury of the United States be authorized and in-
stiucted to pay, out of any moneys not otherwise
appropriated, to Amanda Batts, Laura P. W.
Young, and Betsey Murdock, heirs of Barbara
Walker, the deceased widow of Gideon Walker,
the sum of $510, being the amount o£a pension
granted upon Barbara Walker's application, and
remaining unpaid.
Itappears from the report that Barbara Walker
was the widow, now deceased, of Gideon Walker,
who died in the service of the United States during
the war of 1812; that the mother of said petitioners,
the said Barbara Walker, was entitled to a half-pay
pension by the laws of the United States, and made
her application for said pension before Allen D.
Scott, Esq., surrogate of the countyofCattaraugus,
in the State of New York, on or about the month of
February, 1859,wluch wasimmediately forwarded
to the Department at Washington, and which re-
mained on file until the 9th day of May, 1859, when
a certificate was issued granting a pension to said
Barbara Walker of $8 50 per month from the 3d
day of February, 1853, to the 3d day of February,
1858. On that certificate was indorsed, in red ink,
" amount due on this certificate, per Pension Office
calculation, $510." The evidence farther shows
that the said Barbara Walker, after making her
application as above stated, died on the 7th day
of March, 1859, leaving the said petitioners her
only children and heiis; that they applied to the
Pension Office for the pension above mentioned
in said certificate, as the heirs of their deceased
mother, and were informed that the payment was
refused. The Commissioner of Pensions refuses
to pay the same on the ground that the widow died
before her application was granted. The petition-
ers allege that the pension was all due when the
application was made; that the applicant had then
complied with all the iaw required her to do, and
the pension certificate was granted upon that ap- j
plication; that the pension was due the applicant, i
2715
and was in the nature of a vested right to the
amount granted, which,on herdeath,is equitably
due to her heirs.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
ZINA WILLIAMS.
A bill (H. 11. No. 431) for the relief of Zina
Williams.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the In-
terior be authorized and directed to place the name
of Zina Williams, of the State of New York, upon
the invalid pension list, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, commencing on the 4th day of Decem-
ber, 1858, to continue during his natural life.
It appears from the report that Zina Williams
was called into the scrvice in the war of 1812, so
called, in September, 1814, from Montgomery
county, New York, and marched to Sackett's
Harbor, New York, where he was on duty with-
out shelter, sleeping upon the ground; sickness
prevailed in camp; and on the 1st of October, 1814,
he was taken sick of the prevailing camp disease,
and was sentto the hospital, where he was attended
by two surgeons. His sickness settled into a fever;
his friends sent for him, and with difficulty carried
him home on a bed; he was confined to his bed
eighteen months; the fever concentrating in his
left hip, causing great pain and contraction of the
muscles, resulting in almost the entire loss of the
use of the left leg; the disability continuing from
that time to the present, and of a nature incurable;
that he is a farmer, a sober, temperate, prudent
man, and is clear from any charge of imprudence
or exposure as the cause of the continuation ofhis
disability.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
IIIRAM PAULDING.
A bill (H. R. No. 432) for the relief of Commo-
dore Hiram Paulding.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Commo-
dore Hiram Paulding, of the United States Navy,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopriated, the sum of $1,200, it being for his
expenses incurred in defending himself against a
suit brought against him for taking Charles Mc-
Donald (one of William Walker's followers) from
the steamer Morgan, at San Juan del Norte, in
Nicaragua, and sending him on board the United
States ship Saratoga, in 1857, the said Paulding
being at the time flag officer m command of the
home squadron, and acting m the line of his duty.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gentle-
man who reported this bill whether the fact was
clearly established before the Committee on Naval
Affairs that this amount of expense was incurred
in making that defense,and whether that defense
was made under authority of the Government*
Mr. SEDGWICK. The defense was made un-
der authority of the Government, and the amount
merely covers the amountpaid to counsel, and not
the personal expenses of Commodore Paulding.
It includes merely the cost of attending to the suit
in the court.
Mr. HOLMAN. And the money was paid by
Commodore Paulding?
Mr. SEDGWICIC. It was. _
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to bo reported to the House with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
JOSEPH PADDOCK.
A bill (H. R. No. 44R) for the relief of Joseph
Paddock.
The bill directs that the sum of $500 be paid
to Colonel Joseph Paddock, late commandant of
the fifth regiment of Indiana militia, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for services in the Indian war of 1810 and
1811, and the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
From the report it appears that said Paddock
was appointed lieutenant colonel and colonel com-
mandant of the fifth regiment of Indiana militia
by then Governor William Henry Harrison, and
as such commandant served in the Indian war of
3810 and lSll, and the war of 1812 with Great
Britain. That during the term of four years he
was in actual scrvice or held himself in readiness
for action whnrevei duty might call hirn. That
the soldiers who served under him received pay
for services on his certificate of service as appears
from evidence furnished from the proper Depart-
ment, and that he has never received any com-
pensation for said services, except a land warrant
forgone hundred and sixty acres of. land. The
petitioner alleges that he was in good health and
easy circumstances at the close of the war, and
for that reason did not present his claim to the
Government for compensation; but that he Is now
aged*infirm, and poor, and in great need of the
relief prayed for.
Mr. WICKLLFFE. I would inquire in what
State these services were rendered.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The services were,
rendered in the State of Illinois,and the petitioner
is now a resident of that State. I know him per-
sonally, and know him to be a meritorious man.
He is in indigent circumstances, and I think we
ought to pay him this just claim.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
WASHINGTON INFIRMARY.
A bill (H. R. No. 449) for the relief of the assist-
ant surgeons, mcdical cadets, sisters of charity,
and servants, sufferers by (he burning of the
Washington Infirmary on the night of November
3,186L
The bill, which was read, authorizes and requires
the Second Auditor of the Treasury to ascertain
and determine the amount of property lost by each
of the assistant surgeons, mcdical cadets, and the
sisters of charity, and female servants employed
in the Washington Infirmary at the time of its
conflagration, which occurred on the night of the
3d of November, 1861, and the amount so determ-
ined, not exceeding in the aggregate §1,835, shall
be paid, out of any money"m the Tieasury not
otherwise appropriated, to the claimants respect-
ively.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
ROBERT 33. BRADFORD.
A bill (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of Robert
B. Bradford. [Objected to by Mr. P. A. Conk-
ling.]
ANDREW TEMPLI3TON.
A bill (Ii. R. No. 451) for the relief of Andrew
Templeton.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. This is a claim by a
soldier who alleges that he was in the battle of
*Plattsburg. I have heard within a few flays, from
the highest responsible quarter, that the late Secre-
tary of the Interior stated that pensions had been
giantcd to over twenty thousand persons who
served in the battle of Plaitsbmg. Now, I believe
it is a matter of iustoiy that no more than eight
thousand persons were engaged in that battle. 1
shall therefore object to this bill.
UNITED STATES CONSUL AT TAMPICO.
A bill (H. R. No. 453) to increase temporarily
the salary of the United States consul atTampico.
[Objected to by Mr. Holmax.]
BAND OF AN ILLINOIS REGIMENT.
A bill (H. R. No. 464) to pay the band of the
fifteenth regiment of Illinois volunteers.
The hill was read.
Mr. McPHERSON. I would inquire why this
regiment was not paid when it was disbanded ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The petition states the
reason why they were not paid.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call for the read-
ing of the petition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the petition is not in the hands of the Clerk at
present.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Without the papers I
cannot state all the facts; but I will say it is a very
clear case that they are entitled to their pay. If
my memory serves me right, there was some little
technicality about the manner in which they were
mustered into the service. Pay was refused them
because they were not correctly mustered into the
service. They now ask for pay for the time they
performed duty. I think that is all there is in the
case.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I prefer that the bill
should go over, and therefore 1 object.
CREW OF THE SHIP NIGHTINGALE.
A bill (H. R. No. 478) for Lhe relief of certain
of the ciew of the ship Nightingale.
