1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
3 fan Coxa....2d Sess.
Gonfiscation and Emancipation—Mr. Gurley.
IIo. of Reps.
cedents, some ot'which are as aged and musty as
the oldest castles of feudal times"? "Why, sir, the
subject was hardly brought into tho Halls of Con-
gress before a search was made, with the keen
relish of the best-trained huntsmen, for some law
or governmental precedent wherewith to secure
its speedy condemnation before the country. So
far as the Constitution is concerned, we all, of
course, believe in and mean to maintain itin letter
and spirit; but a difference of opinion in reference
to some of its provisions is unavoidable, and what
we object to now is, that merest hair splitting that
is going on in the face of the most imperious
demand for practical legislation to put down tho
rebellion and save tho country. Precision so re-
markable may be very important, much.more so
than I can realize; but the question of life and
death to the Republic, and questions relating to a
remedy for the horrible wrongs heaped upon our
people and Government, far transcend the mere
technicalities and unimportant criticisms of a writ-
ten statute or Constitution; andl respectfullysub-
mit, that if the decision is to be pressed 011 euch
grounds, if we cannot move upon the subject of
confiscation except in the light of ancient prece-
dents, both in English and American law and
legislation, which are really not against the meas-
ure, but favorable to it, we ought first to consider
well the fact that we are without any exact prece-
dent for the Government under which we live.
The world itself never contained any Constitution
exactly like ours—never, sir, a Government, State
and national, with a combination of powers so
peculiar. There is no precedent for the revolution
now going on, none for the strange rebellion that
has lifted itself up against the lights of God and
man. We look in vain for corresponding causes
in the history of the past, in a country where all
the people were the authors and controllers of
their own Government.
For the latter reason I claim that the authors of
the present rebellion are guilty of a higher politi-
cal crime than was ever committed by any people
from the beginning of the world to the present
hour, and are therefore deservingof aseverer pun-
ishment. Do you ask why? I answer, because
they have rebelled in the most enlightened ago of
the world; not against kingly authority, but
against a Government of which they, in common
with the people whom they fight, arc the real au-
thors. As I remarked in this Hall 111 January, 1SG1,
before the rebellion fully broke out, there is no
excuse, no apology whatever, for rebellion against
a Government where the people themselves make
and control it. Violent revolutions are justifiable
against kingly despotism, without doubt, but not
against a Government where each man is himself
a ruler, devolution against that is a high crime,
is a leap in the dark. It is wild anarchy and if
successful, must end in military rule, in general
war, and general oppression.
The truth is, these rebels are political murder-
ers, as well as suicides; they have thrust a dagger
at the heartof a Republic which their own hands
and brains helped to create; and if they are finally
successful, self-government may be considered as
at an end. .
Amid a bloody rebellion like the present, in the
exercise of a calm reason and judgment, we must
make precedents, if necessary, as we are making
progress against it, and are making important
history also. Who believes that our fathers, the
wise and great men of early times, who founded
our institutions, intended that any Congress, much
more that the Representatives of thirty millions of
people, should debate several months whether it
is their duty to crush out an infernal rebellion by
the most signal and efficient means in their power,
or whether they shall prolong one of the most de-
structive wars of modern times, simply in defer-
ence to some contradictory opinions of lawyers
as to the meaning of certain clauses of the Con-
stitution ? 1 1 • 1 „
Sir the sharp instincts of the people, which aie
not mystified by the cunning arguments of mere
politicians, are generally right. Ihe people are
always ahead of their Representatives upon every
important subject of legislation; but they decided
long ago that self-preservation, if nothing beyond,
recmires the instant seizure of i ebel propert y where
ever it can be reached. This they haveiisked from
the beginning; and so far as those m the West
are concerned, they are amazed at our delaysand j
seeming imbecility; but then they had not calcu-
lated, I suppose, that amid the rage and madness
of rebellion and scenes of death, desolation, and
wide-spread ruin, their Representatives were to
stop by the wayside and argue for weeks sharp
and shadowy and attenuated constitutional ques-
tions, any more than that the mariner whose ship,
having sprung a leak, and is slowly settling into
the ocean far from land, should stop and engage
in a fruitless discussion about the lawfulness of
throwing the freight overboard. The cry at such
a moment is, " Over with it, and then every man
to the pumps and work for life !"
But do not those who object to confiscation
realize that by refusing to seize the properly of
rebels they signify their intention to fasten the
burden of this war upon the loyal people who are
defending the Government by their lives and prop-
erty rather than upon their enemies? Why should
they be made to support the. treason of the South,
while the traitors themselves escape taxation?
By refusing to take the property of rebels to com-
pensate in part for our pecuniary losses, we con-
sent that our own people shall suffer the penalty
of their crimes. Against such a course 1 utter
my protest, and say that 110 proposition can be
moie reasonable or just than the one that those
who commenced the war shall contribute of their
means to pay its expenses. Wc tax our own
people heavily to carry it on, and yet some gen-
tlemen seem very sensilive about touching the
property of traitors lest they should stir them up
to renewed anger and cause them to fight more
fiercely. Sir, they have already done their utmost
to destroy the Government, and now i demand
that they pay the penalty of their crimes. In my
judgment, every vote cast against a fair confisca-
tion bill is an indirect vote to relieve rebels and
their aiders and abettors from the just conse-
quences of their murderous designs, and place the
burden of the war upon our own innocent fann-
ers, mechanics, and merchantmen. Such a vote is
a discrimination against loyalty itself, uninten-
tional though ltmay be on ihe partofsome,aml will
add strength to the enemies of the country, and j
assist to prolong the war. 1 will never consent
that the loyal citizens of this country shall, after
fighting its battles, be compelled to pay what the
simplest justice demands that their enemies shall
pay. Ah 1 sir, we have no time to lose i?i the task
before us. These rebels are working .with the
malignity and activity of fiends; they are casting
arrows and firebrands in all directions; they have
surely fired that great temple of freedom of which
Washington was the master-builder, and our right
to seize such incendiarics and all their property
needs no vindication—it is the instinctive and the
inherent right of self-defense.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not stop to argue the
question whether or not a confiscation bill is au-
thorized by the Constitution, for we have already
had in tho two Houses speeches enough on that
subject to fill a large volume; they are rich with
authorities on both sides—learned, wise, and pro-
found; and since grave judges and wise Senators
and Representatives differ widely on the subject,
I prefer to assume the common-sense position
that the men who framed the organic law of our
Government never intended that its provisions
should be so constr«ed as to destroy any of its
own safeguards; that it should never he ei-ecled
into a defensive barrier against a Government of
which it is itself the solid basis. Its authors never
intended to tie the hands of legislators, judges,
nor the Commander-in-Chief, that traitors might
run not over a country; they gave us, sir, a Con-
stitution that lias within it the element of perpe-
tuity, and which undoubtedly permits confisca-
tion, and even emancipation, when they become
absolulely essential to national salvation.
it has been most clearly shown in the. Senate,
as well as here, that confiscation laws are and
have been common to all the leading Governments
of the world; that during our revolutionary strug-
gle also there were no less than eighty-eight en-
actments on the subject in the several fetates; but
now, when the nation is trembling with the shock
of a gigantic rebellion, and its authors are red with
the blood of innocent victims, we stop and higgle
for three months over questions of form and pre-
cedent, and whoiher we shall not hurt some mur-
derous scoundrel's feelings if wo lake away his
property, especially if we free his negroes!
But why theorize further on this subject? The
men called rebels have 110 rights whatever in the
Constitution; those who have drawn the sword
and pointed the rifle against the defenders of the
Government have no more rights there than the
highwayman, who points his pistol at your heart
and demands your life or your money. What we
now have to do is, to consider the best means to
protect the nation from their assaults, but not to
let it die, lest wc should mistake the meaning of
some obscure provision of the Constitution, if any
such there be, which we do not admit.
It is possible, sir, that I may he regarded as
somewhat irreverent towards those " conserva-
tive" gentlemen who have recently united to save
Ihe Constitution from a violation which they sup-
pose a confiscation act will bring upon it,and who
demand precedents for everytlnng we do. It is
quite probable, sir, that my reverence for conserva-
tives is not as profound as it should be, for my
faith in that class of gentlemen lias been much
weakened in reading their history in Noah's time.
They were the cause of a great calamity in those
days, for although carefully warned by God's
prophet that the world was about to he drowned,
or would be if the people did not repent, they
nevertheless spent their entire time m fiercely
denying it because they could find 110 law nor
precedent for such a flood, and none whatever for
his great awkward looking ark. They mocked
at Noah's message, and demanded precedents, as
gentlemen now do here. They persisted in this
business, and doubtless called many a "caucus"
011 the subject, till finally the water reached their
chins; but strange to say, this did not euro them
of their incredulous fogyism; and as I read the
account, they turned away, uttering a very tough
oath at Noah, and declaiing that they did not
believe that there was going to be much of a
shower alter all! Of eoursr, all these extra con-
servatives were drowned together, as they de-
served to be.
Mr. Speaker, more than once our sympathy
has been invoked upon this floor in behalf of the
families of those in arms against us; hut i submit,
whether this is the time and place for appeals of
this kind. When Ibe rebels li.ive shown sigosof
repentance mid laid down their arms, then will
come the suitable moment to wake up compassion
in their behalf. Then 1 will go as far as any man
to provide bread for the hungry and clothes for
the naked. I will most heartily forgive the de-
ceived and erring rebels when it is proper to do
so; but up to this very hour they have exhibited
no intention to cease their unnatural warfare. Oil
the contrary, not content with killing our people,
they mutilate their bodies, and everywhere pro-
claim in tile South that they will fight till exterm-
inated; and all this for no other reason than the
one that we aie determined to preserve aGovern-
ment that has made their homes in common with
ours the happiestof any upon the face of the earth.
But, sir, how is it that gentlemen have so much
compassion lor suffering rebel families, while they
manifest none towards our own people, who are
being shot down and destroyed by disease in
camp by thousands and tens of thousands, for no
crime? Open tho pages of some of your largest
western newspapers, and see entire columns filled
with tho names of the dead, the dying, and the
wounded, who fell fighting for a Republic that is
the last hope of the patriot and friend of freedom
in all lands. Bear in mind that these papers carry
to thousands of families the first news that the
children are fatherless, wive.s husbamlless,_nnd
fathers and inotheis childless. The wail of the
orphan and the widow is heard throughout the
North, and in some of the westein States nearly
every town mourns its dead, who have fallen de-
fending the flag of their country. The wholeland
is already filled with mourners,and hundreds will
hereafter walk our streets bearing the evidence in
the limbs they have lost and the scars they carry
that they offered themselves a sacrifice upon the
battle-field that the nation itself might not perish.
But have the extra conservative Democrats of this
House no compassion for these, our own people.
None for the soldiers that are dying and suffering
for their country? If they have, do they show it
by their every attempt to resist the adoption of
