2716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
The bill which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay, from any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Charles
Smith, Andrew Laird, John Lord, William Smith,
and Antonio Frank, $37 50 each, and to Robert
Brent thirty dollars, in full, for their services on
board the ship Nightingale in her late voyage from
Liverpool to the coast of Africa.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I have a rough draft of a
report in my hand. This is a vessel about which
a great deal has been said and published. The
crew enlisted m Liverpool in October, 1860, at a
specified rate £'2 10, for a* pretended voyage from
Liverpoolto the East Indies. On the 20th of April
following, this vessel was arrested by the United
States sloop-of-war Saratoga, on the coast of Af-
rica for being engaged in an unlawful voyage, and
she was sent to New York with a part of the crew.
Proceedings were instituted against the Nightin-
gale, and she was condemned us having been en-
gaged in the slave trade. A part of the crew sent
home in the bark were paid off. The court which
had jurisdiction of the case decreed that the crew
should be paid out of the proceeds of the sale of
the bark. A part of the crew were detained upon
the coastof Africa by the Saratoga, but afterwards
they arrived in New York. They came, however,
too late to receive their pay from the proceeds of j
the baik, as that had already been distributed and ,
a portion paid into the Treasury of the United
States. These persons petition that they may be
paid. A part of the petitioners shipped under as-
sumed names. As this was an illicit voyage, and
as the shipping articles were sworn to by the cap-
tain, the committee thought that was evidence
enough to show that the persons who shipped un-
der assumed names had knowledge of the illicit
character of the voyage, and that therefore, ac-
cording to well known lules of law, they were
entitled to no pay. The committee consequently
reported against paying them anything. They,
however, reported in favor of paying the persons
named in the bill the amounts therein named. The
amount was justly due, and the courts of New
York would have allowed and paid it, as appears
by the certificate of the district attorney of the
district of New York.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
J. W, NYE.
A bill (II. R. No. 208) for the payment of the
claim of J". W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargv, jr.,"
and Hugh Stewart. [Objected to Mi. F. A. Conk-
ling.]
J W. J. GILBERT.
A bill (II. R. No. 481) for the relief of W. J.
Gilbert, was taken up and read.
Mr.HOLMAN. There are agreat many claims
of this class, und general legislation is necessary
in repaid to them. I therefore object to thccon-
siderauon of the bill at this time,
L. V. CARTER.
A bill (S. No. 207) for the relief of L F. Car-
ter for services rendered in surveying the public
lands in the State of Oregon.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to pay to L. F. Carter the
sum of $3,033 50, for services performed in sur-
veys of ihe public lands in the State of Oregon in
excess of ins confiaet with the sui veyor gemual
of Ongon, dated October 14, I860, and appropu-
ates that amount out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appi opria*ed; provided that
before any payment is made the work performed
by said Caiter shall be tested in the field by actual
examination thereof, under the direction of the
surveyor geneiai of Oregon, and any correction
made nect ssary to make it conformable to the
laws oi the United States and the nisti actions gov-
erning the surveys of the public lands at the ex-
pense of the haid Caiter, and the baiatue only of
said appropriation paid him after deducting said
expense of inspection and correction, if needed,
and whr-n the certificate of the surveyor geneiai
of Oregon is filed with the Commissioner of the
Geianal Laud Office that said survey is complete
according to the law and icgulations governing
public suiveys.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill wn'h an amendment to insert, in line fouiteen,
after the woid " thereof," the words " made after
the passage of this act."
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that when the
services are rendered, and the surveys completed,
it will be time enough to make the appropriation.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Is there not a report accom-
panying the bill ?
The CHA1 RMAN. There is not.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I investigated this case, and
I will state that it is a claim for services rendered
in excess of the appropriation, I think, in I860*,
but I am not certain about the year. The work
was done under the direction of the surveyor gen-
eral of Oregon, and this bill was prepared by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and is
recommended by him. I was under the impres-
sion that the bill was accompanied by a report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that in making an appropriation it is
well enough to make it specifically und for the
exaet sum. This sum is to be subject to certain
drawbacks and deductions based upon services to
be rendered hereafter.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that this cor-
rection ought to be made before we make the ap-
propriation.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The corrections have been
made, or the examinations have been made, under
the superintendence of the surveyor general of
Oregon. But in order to satisfy the Committee
on Public Lands that it has been properly done,
we propose the amendment.
The CHAI RMAN. The Chair desires to know
if there is any objection to the bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object, if I can make
an additional inquiry.
The CI-1AIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume the House will
allow me to ask a question. I desire to know how
the surveys happened to be carried onto an amount
beyond the appropriation.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The surveyors in the field,
under the direction ofthe surveyor general of Ore-
gon went on and performed certain work, and it
was ascertained affenvauls that the work done in
that district exceeded the appropriations for that
year, and of course the Depai tment could notpuy
for it having exhausted the appropriation.
Mi. F. A. CONKL1NQ. I object to the bill.
REV. WILLIAM B. MATCIIETT.
A bill (H. R. No. 483) for the relief of Rev.
William B.-Matchett.
The bill directs that there be paid to William
B. Matchett, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $681, in
full f<fr h's services as chaplain ofthe temh regi-
ment of New York volunteers from the 30th day
of April, 1861, to the 3d day of December 1861.
The report was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this man ought to be
paid, but I think, at the same time, as cases have
occurred in almost every regiment in the service
where persons have actually tendered services to
the Government m some capacity in an irregular
way, that it is equitable and just to the whole
country to let such persons stand on the same
footing, and let a general law be passed embracing
the whole of this large class of cases. It is only
upon that ground that 1 object to the bill.
J. B. ME R WIN.
A bill (H. R. No. 484) for the relief of J. B.
Merwin. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
JAMES POOL.
An act (S. No. 220) for the lelief of James Pool.
[Objected to by Mr. IIutchins.]
REPRESENTATIVES OK REV. J. E. MARTIN.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Rev. J. E. Martin, deceased.
Air. HOLMAN. That bill was considered in
the House this morning, and 1 object to it.
BAND OF ILLINOIS REGIMENT.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask now to take up
bill of flic f louse (No. 464) to pay the band of the
filteenth regiment of Illinois volunteers, and with
the permission of the House 1 will nflake a short
statement with regard to it.
No objection was made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. On* the 12th of Septem-
ber this band was mustered into the sei vice. They
were ordered into the field from their camp on the
8th or 9th of October. When they applied for
their pay they were refused pay because they had
not been sworn in by the proper mustering officer.
Their services, however, were still accepted, and
under the orders of General Thomas they were
disbanded after they had served some months in
the State of Missouri. The bill proposes to pay
them for the time they were actually in the ser-
vice. It was no fault of theirs that they were not
properly sworn in. They were sworn in by an
officer who they believed m good faith had power
to muster them in, and they performed this service
without receiving a dollar from the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether the case of these parties is not
covered by the general bill which we passed, pro-
viding for compensating all persons actually en-
gaged in the military service in the department of
the West, although not regularly mustered into
service? I understand that the provisions of that
bill have since been extended to the other military
departments of the Govern men t. Under those bills
persons of exactly this class arc entitled to com-
pensation. I desire to say, in addition, as there
is avast number of claims of this description, that
if those provisions are not broad enough,it is cer-
tainly very desirable that a general bill should be
passed covering all these cases in which services
have actually been rendered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The general bill does
not reach this case, as I understand it. If there
are other cases, it is better that they should be
acted upon, each on its own merits. These broad,
comprehensive bills, designed to coverevery thing,
cover many cases that have no merit. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana will interpose no objec-
tion to this, bill. These men have been three or
four month's in the service without receiving any
pay, through no fault of theirs. They only de-
sire to be paid for the time which they were actu-
ally in the service.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask unanimous consent to
take up House bill No. 275, for the relief of pre-
emptors on the home reservation of the Winne-
bagoes in the Blue Earth region, m the State of
Minnesota, thnt it may be put upon us passage.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object, and move
that the committee do now lisc.
The motion was agreed to.
So tke committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Edwards repoited that
the Committee of the WholeHouse had had under
consideration the Private Calendar, and had di-
rected him to report back sundry bills, some with
and some without amendment.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
Chair will put the motion on agreeing to the report
of the Committee ofthe Whole House.
Theie being no objection, the question was put
and the report of the Committee of the Whole
House was agreed to.
ERIE AND OSWEGO CANALS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Presidentof the United States trans-
mitting a memorial addressed and presented to
him on behalf of the State of New York, m favor
of enlarging the locks on the Ei le and Oswego ca-
nals, with statistical information thereon, stating
that he had not had leisure to give the subject the
caieful examination which its great importance
demanded, and asking that consideration for it at
the hands of Congress.
The message and accompanying papers were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move thatiive thousand
copies of the message and papers be printed.
Themotion was referred, under the rules, to the
Committee on Printing.
NAVAL AFFAIRS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the consent of the
House to have Wednesday of next week devoted
to the business of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so ordered.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the consideration
of the Tieasury note bill be made the special or-
der for Tuesday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. A nd to continue
the special order until disposed of?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
It was so ordered.
