1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•2717
ERIE AND OSWEGO CANALS AGAIN.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, asked leave to report a resolution to print five
thousand extta copies of the President's message
and papers in reference to enlarging the locks of
the Erie and Oswego canals.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object, and move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned till
Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 14, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. Stephen Thurston, D. D., of
Maine.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call attention to the
Journal; it strikes me as being exceedingly defi-
cient, and on consultation with my friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Four,] I find that that is his
opinion also. The Journal says:
The Senate proceeded to consider, in Committee of
the Whole, the bill (H. II. No. 423) ia.st mentioned, and the
amendments ieported by the Committee on Finance having
been airreed to. and the bill further amended on the motion
of Mr. Hale-''—
And that is all the notice which is taken of some
twenty or thirty amendments which i proposed
from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that the Journal is made
up in the usual form. When amendments are
proposed to a bill, when the Senate js acting as in
Committee of the Whole, where the yeas and
nays are not taken, it is usual only to state that
amendments were made without giving them m
detail; but where the action is in the Senate, the
practice is to state every amendment distinctly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT Said before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a memorial from the State of
New Ymk in favor of enlarging the locks of the
Erie and Oswego canals so as to admit of the pas-
sage of United Status gunboats; which,on motion
of Mr. Kin'g, was ordered to be printed, and to
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to the Senate's resolution of
the 6th instant, calling for statements as to the
money received by the marshals of the District of
Columbia for the year ending June 30,1861; which,
on motion of Mr. Hale, was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills, which yesteiday received the sig-
nature of the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives:
A bill (S. No. 193) to repeal that part of an act
of Con^rtss that prohibits the circulation of bank
notes of a less denomination than five dollars in
the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 279) providing for the selection
of jurors to serve m the several courts in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Ulysses S. Grant;
A bill (*H. R. No. 475) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change tiie names of cer-
tain vessels; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) to change the
name of the bark Quebec to General Burnside.
HOUSE RILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 397) for the relief of J. W. Nye—
to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 5J9) to increase the pay of Edmund
H. Biooke, the chief clerk m the Paymaster's de~
partnu nt—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Milma.
A bill (No. 5~0) for the relief of Seneca G. Sim-
mons— to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 52]) for the relief of William B.
Do<M and others—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 408) to extend the charter of the
Alexandria and Washington Railroad Company,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
A joint resolution (No. 57) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Lieutenant George W. Morris, his
officers, and men—to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
PAYMENT OF VOLUNTEER COMPANY OFFICERS.
The bill (H. R. No. 495) providing that the
officers of volunteers shall be paid on the payrolls
of the regiments or companies to which they be-
long was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is a
House bill, and is very plain and easily under-
stood. It contains only one simple section of three
or four lines. It is so just that I hope it will be
put on its passage now, without being referred.
There being no objection, the bill Vas consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
that company officers of volunteers shall be paid
on the muster and pay rolls of their company,
party, or detachment, and not otherwise, except
when such officer may be on detailed service with-
out troops, or on leave of absence. \
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committe on Military Af-
fairs how that will operate on a soldier who is sick,
perhaps in hospital?
Mr. GRIMES. It relates only to officers.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read the
third Ume, and passed.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 89) to amend the act of
the 3d of Maich, 1837, entitled "An act supple-
mentary to the act entitled ' An act to amend the
judicial system of the United States.5 "
The first amendment of the House was at the
end of the seventh line of the first section, after
the word " Arkansas" to insert " Kentucky."
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust the Senate will con-
sent to let the bill lie on the table for the present.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who is
very much interested in this subject, is now ab-
sent and will be back to-day. i will promise to
call it up on Monday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it be refeired.
Mr. WRIGHT. Nu; I trust it will not be
referred. I move that it lie on the tabic.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I believe it is a Sen-
are bill which has been amended in the House of
Representatives.
Mr WRIGHT. I prefer to consult the Sen-
ator fi om Oh 10, who is absent, on the subject; and
I shall prefer to let it lie on the table until iiccomcs
here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what the
object of the Senator from Indiana may be. Does
he propose the motion by way of defeating the
billr Is that the object?
Mr. WRIGHT. Not at all, eir; I prefer to let
the bill lie on the table until the Senatorfrom Ohio
is here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it should be re-
feired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT. Did the bill come from the
Committee on the Judiciary.''
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand it, it is a
bill which passed the Senate some month or two
ago, and has been passed in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and they havesuhstantially amended
it; 1 do not know exactly in what particulars. It
would be proper, I suppose, to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I think it had bet-
ter be referred.
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, I shall make no fur-
ther objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, it will be refeired to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
It was so referred.
CONVICTS IN THE DISTRICT PENITENTIARY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion of the Senate (No. 86) regulating the em-
ployment of the convicts in the penitentiary of
the District of Columbia, for their improvement
and benefit, hasalso been returnedfrom the House
of Representatives, with amendments.
The Secretary read the firstamendment, to strike
out the third section, in the following words:
Pec. 3. Jlml he. it further enacted, That the soldiers and
volunteers confmed in the penitentiary in the District of
Columbia under sentences of military courts-martial be
forthwith discharged from the said penitentiary, and "that
imprisonment in said penitentiary undcrseritenees imposed
by courts-martial shall not hereatter be allowed
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 hope that joint resolu-
tion will also be referred. I am satisfied that we
have legislated too hastily on that matter.
Mr. GRIMES. The House of Representatives
have struck that section out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It ought to be referred to
some committee. There should be some mode
provided for imprisoning men who areguiliyof
crimes in the Army; otherwise the sentence would
be to shoot them all. Some of these men would
have been shot if they had not been imprisoned,
and we must provide in some mode for a court-
martial imposing a lighter punishment than shoot-
ing the men.
Mr. GRIMES. I am glad the Senator has come
to that conclusion. I tried to convince the Senate
the other day that we ought to make an exception
to the rule. The House of Representatives have
stricken out that section, and the Committee on
the Judiciary of that House, as I understand from
the newspapers, have reported a bill that is in-
tended to cover the case. Therefore,! move that
the Senate concur with the House of Representa-
tives in this amendment. A bill will come to us,
I understand, very shortly to cover the case.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the House of Representatives, by a decided
majority, decided in favorof the principle involved
in this amendment. The Committee foi the Dis-
trict of Columbia reported to strike it out, and the
House voted them down. Afterwards, the vote
was reconsidered, and the section taken out, and
the Committee on the Judiciary instructed to pre-
pare a bill to carry out this identical object; there-
fore, 1 think all we have to do is to concur m the
amendmentoftheHou.se of Representatives, and
a bill will come here putting the matter all right.
Mr. HALE. I wish that the bill may be read
as it will be if it is amended accoidmg to the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Beit retohed by the Senate and lloiise of Representatives
of the. United States oj Jlmcncain Cony-ess assembled^ That
the waid< n of the pomtentiaiy of'rlio D^tiict of Columbia
■Oiall, ?-o fill tii niiiv be practicable, employ the convicts
theteiu in the manufaetuie of nhoe> tot the iw of the Army
anil Navy, to he made the Wai ami Navy Depaittuenla
phali direct; order- ioi winch -hull be. h.v s.aid Department-*,
given to the waiden (roin ume to tune upon his request ;
the ,-hoes to be paid lor by said Departments ordenmj the
>,,iiiit' at the customary into for -hoe-, of like qu. )it>.
8ft. 9 Jlnd be it fnrlherreiotvcd. That all pri-onu s that
are or mav hereaftei be confined in fait! p"ntteiiuary  ot a
term of yea is, who conduct them^dve- so that rto ch.ugo
for im-e<>nduct thail be vu-tamed aji un-t them, -h ill have
a deduetion of one month in each veai mad-'irom the term
of their vfntenee. and >hall he entitled to their di-cliarge *o
much the soonei, upon the cei uiieate of the was den of tbuir
good eoiidiiet, wirh ihe approval of the Secretary ol the
Inteiior.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is that all there is left of
the joint resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
• Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not object to it.
The amendment was concuired in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a further
amendment from the House of Representatives,
to add as a new section:
,7ml be it further resolved, That tbo office of clerk to tile
said penitentiary w hereby afioll^lled.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate non-
concur in that amendment.
The question was pat; and the motion was de-
clared to be agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that question. I understoiid
from the superintendent that that office is of no
use. Theie is no necessity for a clerk in the pen-
itentiary, and it seems to me we ought not to re-
tain a useless oifice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair, the Senator is too Into m asking for
the yeas and nays. Tiie Chair decided the ques-
tion; no division was asked, and the yens and
nays were not called lor until after the result was
announced.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state to
the Chair that there were more noes than ayes.
