1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
is to be restored, if we are ever to have the seceded
States brought hack, it must be accomplished by
this process and by no other. You cannot get a
majority of the people of Tennessee to unite in an
effort to bring that State back into the Union as
it was before. The moment the convention at
Richmond adopted an ordinance of secession it
became a traitorous body. It had no tight further
to represent the State of Virginia. As was said
by the claimant in this ease, the loyal people of
the State are the State. Those who are traitors
and outlaws, who deny the validity of the Consti-
tution, who repudiate it and set it at naught, are
no part of the State. They are traitors, and sim-
ply traitors. The loyal people who are operated
on by the laws which we ni|ke here have a right
to a voice in this Hall. Whenever you strike
down that right you strike down the great funda-
mental principle on which this Government rests.
If the Union is to be restored, it must be done
through the instrumentality of minorities of the
people of the seceded States, of those brave, true,
and loyal men who, under the troubles that sur-
round them,'have stood true to the old flag. It
will not do to say that actual majorities mustelcct
members.
One of the Representatives here from Tennessee
was elected 011 the day fixed by law. There was
a vote taken on that day for members of congress
of the confederate States, and also a vote taken for
members of Congress of the United States. A
large majority of the votes cast at that election
were cast in favor of an election of representatives
in the congress of the confederate States, thus
showing conclusively that only a minority of the
people joined in electing and sending Representa-
tives to this House. But this House, acting on
the idea that the loyal men alone constitute the
State, and are entitled to be represented here, ad-
mitted their Representatives. The same principle
is involved in this claim of Mr. Segar. It is true
he received only twenty-live votes. But where
aie you to fix the line? If twenty-five be not suf-
ficient, will fifty do ? If fifty will not do, will one
hundred? if one hundred will not do, will one
thousand? Where are you to establish the line?
There is no mathematical precision capable in
such things. You have got to resort to another
principle, and that principle is that the majority of
the votes cast at an election, whether they be few
or many, must decide the election. That is the
principle involved in this case. And I repeat,
that if this House undertakes to decide that Mr.
Segar is not entitled to a seat on this floor, it bars
the door against reconstruction of the Union, and
prevents us, by this precedent, hereafter giving
the right hand of fellowship to the Represen tatives
of loyal men m the seceded States who may wel-
come us when we go down with arms to restore
the national authority m those States.
Three fourths of my congressional district have
been occupicd for the last six months by the con-
federate forces Thei e are plenty of loyal men theie;
but they arc kept down by the rebels. I myself
have had to hide out in the woods for weeks at a
time to keep out of the reach of marauding bands,
till I raised forces to drive them out. Now, sup-
pose that my congressional election had come on at
that particular tune, and it had been proven here
that three fourths of my constituents had been
deprived of their right to vote, and that only one
fourth of them went to the polls and elected me; ;
and if 1 came here with a certificate of election, :
would this House have said to me, " you must
go back to your constituents ?" The United States
have failed to perform their duty in driving these,
outlaws out of the district; and therefore the peo-
ple cannot £0 to the polls to vote. The United
States would thus be declaring to me, through
Congress, that because the Government djd not
do its duty and drive the rebels out, my constit-
uents are not to have a Representative on this !
floor. Was ever such injustice meditated or ;
thought of before? ^ j
It is morally certain, Mr. Speaker, that Joseph
Segar is the choice of the loyal men of his con- ,
gressional district; and I think it would be an in- ,
suit to common sense if wo were to say that he i
was not entitled to his seat. The Government of ;
the United States, whose duty it is to suppress ;
rebellion and drive out invaders, have failed to
perform that duty in his congressional district; ,
and because of that failure, his people have been, 1
to some extent, deprived of the opportunity of 1
attending the polls. All that could do so attended,
and £ast their votes for him. He comes here and
tells the House, " you are about to enact laws to
operate on my constituents—to pass laws to tax
hie and those twenty-five men who voted for me.
I come here, and, under the operation of the great
principles of 1776,demand that I shall haveavoice
in the enactment of those laws that are to operate
on me and mine." But you repel him, and say
that because the Government of the United States
failed to do its duty and to protect his constituents
in the exercise of their rights, therefore they can-
not be represented here. It seems to me that that
is the logic of the report and its conclusions. I
admit the honesty of motive and purity of inten-
tions of the Committee of Elections; but in my
judgment they have not sufficiently considered the
importance of the questions involved in this case.
They have not looked into this matter with that
close scrutiny and philosophical research which
its importance demands.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Speaker, this is not a ques-
tion between two contestants for a seat on this
floor. It is not a question as to whether Mr. Se-
gar or some other gentleman from the first dis-
trict of Virginia shall occupy a seat here. It is a
question whether the people of that district shall
be disfranchised here or shall be represented here.
Surely, in a case of this kind, where a district
must remain disfranchised or the member claim-
ing the seat must be admitted, the same techni-
calities will not be regarded as in a case of a con-
tested election. I desire, of all things, to see every
congressionaldistrictin the United States of Amer-
ica represented here, and all that I care to know
is that the claimant of a seat from the first con-
gressional district of Virginia is a loyal man, and
that the loyal people of his district desire that he
shall represent them on this floor. If I am satis-
fied of that, I care little for the technicalities or
rules by which he is here claiming his seat. Vii-
ginia cannot be represented here as she has been
accustomed to be represented under her former
laws and constitution. Why can she not? InVir-
ginia the Legislature and government have sub-
verted the laws and constitution of that Slate. It
is not the people of Virginia who have rebelled
against the laws and constitution of Virginia; but
it is the Legislature and Governor of Virginia who
have rebelled against the laws, the constitution,
and the people of Virginia. It is not the masses
of Virginia who are disloyal, but it is the leaders;
it is those who secured scats of power. The men
who were elected by the people ofVirginia to rep-
resent them in their legislative councils have over-
thrown her constitution and her laws, and have
put it beyond the power of the people, acting under
that constitution, to be loyal to this Government
or to be represented here. They have not only
done that, they have not only overthrown the
laws and constitution of Virginia, but they have
invited aimed hordes from other States to comc
and establish a military despotism there, which
has trampled on all the rights of sovereignty in
Virginia, and put an effectual seal on the exercise
of the elective franchise by the loyal men of that
State. When this was done the loyal men who
would rcmajfi true to the State of Virginia and
true to their obligations to the General Govern-
ment were left to resort to some organization, in-
dependent of that existing in that Stale, w hich had
been usurped and pcrvuited from Us legitimate
purpose. It luid been used for the purposes of the
rebellion, and there was no such thing as a loyal
man exercising loyally or fealty to the General
Government under the existing Legislature of Vir-
ginia. *
What could loyal men do in such a condition
of aflans? They assembled in a part of the State
not thus occupied, not yet under the complete
control of the military power of the rebel author-
ity, and theie they oxen iscd their i ights as loyal
citizens of the Union. There they determined to
carry on a government loyal to the Union; and
not only that, but they determined that they
would be represented m this Congress, and upon
this floor. And, sir, it is in strict pursuance of
the mode thus agreed upon that this election was
held; it was in conformity to the same authoiity
upon which that State is now fully represented
m the other branch of Congress, and partly rep-
resented in this. It is upon the same authoiity
that this claimant now seeks admission upon this
floor. It is not by any preexisting law, for, as
I said, those laws have been usurped, but it is by
authority of a convention of loyal people as-
sembled as only loyal people can assemble, pro-
viding a government for themselves as only loyal
people could provide, providing for their repre-
sentation here as only loyal men could provide.
They directed that whenever loyal men chose
they should have the right to assemble and vote
to be represented here.
In pursuance of this act of the convention of
loyal men, an election was held, carrying out as
near as the circumstances of the case would ad-
mit the provisions of the act of this convention,
and this citizen was returned to this House.
Now, I am free to admit, from the very small
number of votes cast in this election, that itself
would not be sufficient to indicate that the loyal
people of that district desired to be represented
upon this floor. But, sir, this claimant has been
here for months claiming his seat. All the loyal
people of that district know that he is here, claim-
ing his seat under that election, yet no loyal man
has interposed objection to his representing him
here—not one. On the contrary, all the most
prominent loyal men in that district have borne
testimony that they believe he is the choice of the
loyal voters of the district. And not only that,
but an informal election has been since held, and
at that election numerous votes were cast declar-
ing that he was their choice. So that with all the
testimony we have before this House, I challenge
any man here, with the facts before him, to contra-
dict what I now say, that all the testimony we
have goes to show that he is the choice of the loyal
people of the first congressional district of Vir-
ginia, and that they desire that he should repre-
sent them upon this floor. There is nothing—not
a particle of testimony to show that any loyal man
there would prefer to be represented by any other
man. And the testimony is sufficient to satisfy
me that he is the choice of the loyal men of the
district, entitled to representthem upon this floor.
And as I desire that that district shall not be dis-
franchised in this House, if the claimant is a loyal
Union man—and 1 have heard no question as to
his loyalty—I see no reason why lie should not
be admitted to a scat.
The two essential questions upon which my
vote would determine, are, first, is he aloyalman,
true to the Union? and, second, is he the choice
of the loyal people of the distiict? With these
questions answered in the affirmative, my vote will
be for his admission as a member of this House.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
Mr. JSOELL. Will the gentleman yield for a
motion to adjourn ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will, if it is the wish of
the House to adjouin.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to consult the wish of
the gentleman from Tennessee, but really itseems
to be desirable to bring the discussion of this mat-
ter to a close to-day, if a vote is not taken. How-
ever, I will mtcipose no obstacle if the gentleman
from Tennessee desires not to proceed with his
remarks to-night.
Mr MAYNARD. At this late period of the
day I prefer to be governed by the wish of the
House, and to ascertain that wish, I am willing to
yield for the motion to adjourn.
REVISION 01? POSTAL SYSTEM.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Before the House adjourns
I desire to introduce, in pursuance of previous
notice, a bill to equalize the rates of postage, es-
tablish a uniform method of letter delivery in
cities, to establish a post office money order sys-
tem, to abolish the franking privilege, to provide
for thepaymontof Governmentpostagc outof the
Treasury, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, read a"first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and oideied to be punted.
PURCHASE OF COTTON SEED.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask that a House bill pro-
viding for the purchase of cotton seed, which has
come horn the Senate with a small amendment,
may be taken from the Speaker's table, and the
amendment concuired m.
There being no objection, House bill No. 225,
making an appropriation for the purchase of cot-
ton seed for general distribution, was taken from
the Speaker's table.
