1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
3*7th Gong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. White.
Ho. op Reps.
result has been what I then predicted in the fol-
lowing- paragraph:
" Sir, only «ive our western generals full power to march
against the enemy at will, and the war. so far as the South-
west is concerned, will close in ninotv days, with the pos-
session of the Mississippi river fiom our northern frontier
to the Gulf, umie the led tape about their hand*, and they
■will soon find tlioii way there, or perish mthe attempt; for
Iiev^r werH !S0'^iers m %uch terrible earnest as ours are m
the West to-day. Say tothe<^ene>als, pu-MionjourcoJurnns,
march forwaid as yon will, but crush the rebellion at all
hazards, and it will as surely be done as that the father of
waters moves towards the sea."
Subsequent events have completely vindicated
the truth of those remarks. The division of the
Army, and the general supervision of the Presi-
dent over the whole, has proved a complete suc-
cess. Our generals and soldiers in the West will
soon close the war there, for they are in sober
earnest, and mean fight all the time. Give us a rea-
sonable confiscation law, and you will add to our
forcesanothergreatelemcntof power,and whether
the war shall close this month or months to come,
one conclusion is certain: the rebellion will end
by making ours the most powerful Government
upon the face of the earth.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. A. S. WHITE,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration fcbe bills to con-
fiscate the piopeity and free fiom servitude the slaves of
rebels—
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, said:
Mr. Speaker: I shall not attempt at this late
hour to aigue this question at large. Theie are
tunes when the strife of aigument must ceasc,and
when reason is silenced in the tempest of emotion.
The grasp of tyranny may absolve the citizen
from his allegiance, and remand him to his impre-
scriptible rights; and so, conversely, a nation may
be so far outraged and endangered by its members
as to justify the extrcmest measures for the pres-
ervation of the national life, a thousand times
more sacred than the life of an individual. Even
in peaceful times we proclaim outlawry against
desperadoes, and the sheriff shoots down the un-
convicted felon who, with deadly defiance, resists
the process of law. The Constitution has made
the State the avenger of its citizens against the
wrongs inflicted by a fellow-citizen; but when
the danger is imminent, he takes redress into his
own hands. These are exceptional cases, but
their practice does no violence to constitutional
government.
There are some crimes so flagrant as to admit
of no palliation, and scarcely of pardon. Even
in the merciful codc of our Christian religion its
author has revealed one sin " which cannot.be for-
given, either in this world or in that which is to
come." In the mildest penal code of Europe there
are some crimes, especially those which strike at
the structure or foundations of society, that can-
not after conviction receive the royal clemency.
1 have been astonished, therefore, that so just and
condign a measure as this should meet with any
opposition. If the popular sentiment is united
upon any single item of policy in these critical
times, it seems to me to be so upon that of con-
fiscation against the leading rebels. Forbearance
to them is cruelly to our Government, and is to
bring dishonor on the bleeding wounds of thou-
sands of our brave defenders, the flower and hope
of our country. I have been more astonished to
listen to voices in this Hall, clothed with the high-
estembellishments of rhetoric,whose guarded pro-
testations of devotion to our cause gave no proof of
their earnestness by any exhibition of indignant
zeal against the rebellion; whose rounded periods
had not one single word condemnatory of the au-
thors of this rebellion; but with ingenious labor and
an unnatural perversity strove rather to fling the
blame on sections who were first to fly to the armed
rescue of our capital,and to characterize by the stale
and worn-out clamor of " abolition" the heroic
efforts and self-sacrificing struggles of noble men
who sought to strike down treason in whatever
form it might present itself, whether itcame " as an
angel of light or goblin damned," and to meet the
death-struggle according to its exigency; endeav-
oring thus, I will not say designedly, but in effect,
to turn the popular wrath from the guilty authors
and plotters of our ruin to our own allies, who
with us, side by side, fill the ranks of our country's
defenders. Or, varying their attack, to dart their
arrows, like the Camanches, beneath the bellies of
their fast-flying steeds at the head of the Admin-
istration, while they themselves crouch to the
pommel to avoid the opposing blow drawn fiom
the quiver of the brief records of the past. An
Administration, too, that has renounced the shib-
boleth of party and has selected its leading coun-
selors and generals from the ranks of their own
associates. Some of these ungenerous accusers
are orators whose pathos can move the multitude to
tears, orlransfix the Senate with surprise; with
intellectual powers little inferior to those of Sher-
idan, of whom the great English poet said:
" When the loud cry of trampled Hiudostan
Arose to heaven in her appeal from man,
His was the thunder, his the avenging rod,
The wrath, the delegated voice ofGod
That shook the nations through his hp« ; and blazed
Till vanquished Senates trembled as they praised."
But here the parallel ceases. The British ora-
tor hurled his anathemas against the plundering
tyrant who had violated British libot ty in the per-
sons of her Indian subjects. Our Sheridans point
their bolts against loyal classes and an Adminis-
tration struggling with difficulties such as have
surrounded none of its predecessors—difficulties
which its accusers, not itself, have produced, and
which in their nature have involved the country
in a common danger from which it can only be
extricated by mutual forbearance among the loyal,
and by the union of all true men.
If this was but the mar-plot of individual pol-
iticians it would be less significant, although this
is a time when polities should yield to patriotism,
and mere civil contentions should be forgotten.
But late events have shown that even in the midst
of the strife and perils of war there is to be an
organized opposition to ciipple the arm of the
Administration. As noxious trees that have been
cut down sometimes shoot their sprouting roots
afar off among our furrows, perplexing the hus-
bandman, so we have seen this party shooting up
Us second growth of useless saplings from be-
neath our plowshare, and poisoning the crop
that patriotic hands weic planting. I will not
allow it a time-honoi ed name, or that it can trace
its lineage to that immortal chieftain who made
the year 1832 memorable in our annals,and whose
political virtue is now the cherished heritage of
his country. If he had, like the late manifesto
of his pretended followers, roared against treason
as "gentle as a sucking dove," the dynastic
reign of despotism, aimed at alike by Calhoun
and Davis, would have fastened itself upon this
country long ago. Il is said that the human body
changes the identity of its pai tides oncc in each
short series of years. Political organizations
have a longer life, but thirty years of atmos-
pheric influence have sufficed to change the iden-
tity of the Jackson Democracy; its healthy par-
ticles have been molded into otherorganizations,
the most honorable and comprehensive of which
is known now as the Union party; its unhealthy
particles, with the like elements of cotemporary
parties, are now in treason, or are effete.
An eloquent member [Mr. Kklley] has illus-
trated the fate of a party once high-toned and
honorable, but not so far proof against the degen-
erating influences of had associations and heieti-
cal doctrines but that one of its segments flew from
the circle of imperial rule into the depths of treason,
while the other, for its falteiing virtue, was buried
in Alpine rums by the avalanche of public opin-
ion—by the fate of a Swiss village overwhelmed
by the mighty land-slide of the Alps. Had this
rebellion been engendered among a party in the
minority, who had for years been denied the favor
and patronage of the Government, and who justly
or unjustly might have preferred seeming com-
plaints against the tyranny of the majority, it
would not have presented such a solecism in hu-
man affairs. Or had the defection of one of its
constituent parts influenced merely the fate of a
party contest, instead of striking at the life of the
nation with such amazing resources and prepara-
tions as could only have been gathered by the
gross dereliction of the party in power, it would
have been but a trivial affair. But unfortunately
the retributions that vice or folly are sure to bring
do not affect alone the guilty author or his sym
pathetic ally. This terrible finale of a corrupt
Administration has involved the country in a com-
mon ruin. Here wasadominantnnd trusted party,
gathered from all sections of the Union, claiming
traditionary purity and extraordinary virtue, to
whom the people had confided the ensigns of their
power and all the holy guarantees of family, per-
sonal, and national security. Confidingly we sat
under the shadow of their Alps, until suddenly a
thousand voices of terror, echoing and reechoing
along our peaceful valleys, have startled us with the
dreadful cry,"The avalanche! the avahmcho!"
I have treated this question in the foregoing as-
pect, not from any partisan motive but defens-
ively, and to ward against a substitute proposed
under party authority, for vigorous measures;
which is a transfer of power from the present Ad-
ministration back into hands that have occasioned
or permitted the wrong, and who can only main-
tain their ascendency by calling again to their alli-
ance the rebellions element. This is not the de-
mocracy of the people, who are now willing to
merge into the only party that I invoke, or that the
President favors—the party of the Union. We
have had enough of pastcxpcnenco now to adopt
the policy of our virtuous President, sanctioned by
Mr. Douglas, which is to draw but one line of dis-
tinction, to wit: between the friends and the ene-
mies of the Union. Our danger is imminent enough
to call for most decisive measures against the
latter class.
It may be, sir, that the picture is overdrawn
that these are not superhuman and unnatural
agencies or desperate resistances fired by ambi-
tion and bent on destruction', against whom we
war. It may be that our national confusion is
too trivial to pioduce any eccentricities in the
system, or call for any unusual exertion of the
national strength; that our ship is not so tempest-
tost but she will obey the rudder in the hands
of some Palinuran pilot like the learned gentle-
man from&umcy, [Mr. Thomas;] though 1 con-
fess I should have had more confidence in his
auguries if his experience had been in Mediter-
ranean seas, where
" Fai on thu rnjht lite dog«> foul Rcvlla hides,
Clmrybdis roitnng on the left pie?uie«,
And in her aieedy whirlpool suck* the tides,'*
instead of the smooth judicial waters of Massa-
chusetts bay. To my apprehension it seems more
probable that the cry of captnin and pilot will
soon be "all hands to the pumps," and that,
compass and rudder both abandoned, our only
guiding hope will be the north star.
Is this a time, sir, for special pleading and
county-court constructions, for spinning constitu-
tional cobwebs around our national strength that
shall catch poor loyal flies, butfurnish a highway
ofinvasion for the cruel spideis of tieasoo3 Wo
well remember who it is that on this floor have
been preachmgstrictconstruction forty years,and
for what pui pose and with what intent. We have
seen the culmination of their argument resulting,
under their own regime, in the strange anomaly
of not strengthening the States, but of turning the
disorganized powers of Government back upon
itself, and wresting1 thein to its own desttuction.
With the symbols intrusted to it by the people,
with the badges of empire and nationality domed
to the States and lodged alone in the Union, witli
what Chatham called the "■ genius of the Consti-
tution" to guide and animate its powers and to
elevate them to national action instead of merely
mechanical functions, it is impossible but that it
must rightfully be clothed with an inherent strength
equal to any emergency of peace or war. The
Constitution could not in terms define these emei-
gencies, but must grow with the growing wants
of the nation—inviolate and identical the while—
as the shield which once covered three millions of
freemen is the same shield when recast to cover
thirty millions. The first and most signahllus-
tration of this adaptation of the Constitution to
meet thegrowingand unforeseen exigencies of the
future was in the purchase of new territory under
the administration of Mr. Jeifetson. The fiist
cuviler for stiict cojistiuetion was Callendar, in
his famous phiHipics against Washington and the
elder Adams; the latest (with the exceptions we
