238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. White.
Ho. op Reps.
have witnessed in these Halls) were Toombs and
ilia colleagues, in their famous proclamation and
manifesto of a few months ago.
I have only to say that the Opposition here who
are interposing a constitutional shield to ward off
our terrors from the traitors, and arguing that the
backs of our friends are broad enough to bear the
burden, are found with very bad judicial associ-
ates, and have not learned from very approved
masters; and their doctrines, if they do not excite
our suspicion, are at least entitled to our most sub-
lime disregard.
The legal right of confiscation is disputed upon
two grounds: first, that it is unconstitutional and
beyond the scope of the sovereign powers granted
to the Federal Government; and secondly, that it
is in conflict with public or international law and
those conventional humanities of war that protect
private property in an invaded country from seiz-
ure by the invading belligerent.
It is enough in regard" to the first objection to
present one or two analogies or contrasts. The
power to make and declare war and to provide
for the general defense, (which comprehends the
existence of the Government and the fountains
from which it derives that existence,) are lodged
exclusively in the Federal Government. When
the people require a duty from the Government,
they necessanjy surrender every power and in-
strumentality necessary to perform that duty. Of
these the three principal instrumentalities, the
power of taxation, the power of enrollment and
enlistment, and the power of embaigo, virtually
place in the hands of the Government the lives
and fortunes of every one of its citizens for its
own preservation* and of these tiie only one that
must of necessity be unifoim and embrace all sec-
tions and classes is the first—taxation. Theicare
various other incidental powers which, in their
exercise, may be local, partial, and discriminating.
I enumerate simply the power to declare maitial
law, to suspend the habeas corpust to raise subsidies
and supplies, to appropriate private property for
military uses, to declare void and null any insur-
rectionary State or municipal government, and to
substitute new Governors, judges,and magistrates
under Federal military authority; m a word, to
suspend almost every individual privilege that the
citizen may claim, either under State or Federal
authority, in time of peace. In peace the people
me everything; the Slate is nothing. In war the
Slate is ail in all; it is the ark of the covenant.
All that we have is threatened with hostile de-
struction, and, dearest of all, our Government it-
self; and we place life, fortune, and privilege, all,
in the hands of the Government. I do not say that
this surrender should not be controlled by law
and regulated by the representatives of the peo-
ple. So far as they are executive powers merely,
they aie lodged with the President.
Now, if the State may thus demand of every
one of its loyal citizens a surrender of all that he
has, his life included, (and of the above schedule
almost the only item for which compensation can
be made is propcity,) for the sake of strengthen-
ing the Government in the hour of its great trial,
it would be strange, indeed, if it could not appro-
priate the property of rebels, which would have
the twofold effect of strengthening the State and
weakening tiie enemy. If the right to seize and
appropriate this property is thus proved, I shall
leave it to him who is hardy; and bold enough to
claim it for the rebel, the right of compensation;
and yet the clause of the Constitution, declaring
that private property shall not be taken for public
use without just compensation has been more
than once ^quoted by gentlemen m this very ar-
gument. 1 he right to seize is a sovereign power,
springing from the necessities of war; the duty
to compensate is an equity which the citizen must
prove. I leave to those who have the taste the
task of asserting or proving this right in favor of
conspirators who have roused half an empire to
invoit, non ego!" In regard to the second ob-
j"otion, tiie immunity that the laws of modern
war secure to private property in an enemy's
country, the rule is subject to many exceptions,
which ail the publicists lay down,and is confined'
stiictly to the property of non-combatants. It
proves nothing in this argument, its policy bein^
obviously to disrobe war of its barbarous and de-
vastating attribute. The victor, by exacting
stringent terms of peace, may, through the sov-
ereign with whom he treats, incumber and burden
the very property he has spared in war.
Feeling, sir, that our liberties and our very
Government are not only violently threatened
but greatly endangered, and with the sad and
mournful picture before our eyes of a possible fu-
ture just at hand, when the Constitution, so mis-
quoted, shall have no acknowledged existence,
but shall yield to revolutionary forces; when brig-
ands shall^be our legislators, and some usurping
tyrantour President; when the laws shall be pow-
eiless, and each man shall carry his rights on the
point of his sword; when arts and learning and
domestic security shall wither and die —feeling and
fearing all this, we have roused the national en-
ergies to prevent such anarchy. Was it a chimera,
and were those fears groundless? For more than
three hundred years large portions of our own
continent, sprung from a people then the most
refined and enterprising m all Europe, have fur-
nished historic examples of the possibility of
such a. condition—in defiance of every advantage
of climate and soil, and the varied bounties of
nature—in spite, too, of our example, and of the
progress of constitutional government in Europe.
In this effort to perpetuate our liberties and priv-
ileges, so dear to us, so valuable to mankind, we
have been deeply wounded in our national sensi-
bilities. The blood of our brethren has flowed
profusely. In almost every house are those who
lament in secret chambers their loved ones slain
in battle or victims of the camp's contagion; but
natuie, who kindly provides a medicament for her
own inflictions, would at length cuie all this, and
cicatrize our wounds. The ever-flowing series of
humanity would soon refill its empty channels,
and m this respect <{ grim-visaged war" would
(K)me to be regarded only as one of the ordinary
ministers of death. Nationally, we should soon
replace this loss, while the sobs of private anguish
would be drowned in the jubilant shouts of a
whole people returned to freedom and to good
government. Perhaps, if this were all, it might
not even obstruct the exercise of that divine pre-
cept of our holy religion that has been invoked
on this floor, the forgiveness of our enemies as v/e
hope to be forgiven by our Almighty Judge.
But public justice is another thing. In this
mighty effort our national resources have been
drained almost to exhaustion; public burdens are
now piled up mountain high; and that great ene-
my to equal privileges and republican government,
burdensome taxation, falls upon this generation
with a crushing weight, perhaps to be transmitted
to the next. Such is the condition of the loyal
States. How greatly is it aggravated in the re-
volted States, and how are our loyal brethren there
(those who shall survive the tyranny and treach-
ery ot their foes) to shake off this mountain from
their shoulders? When their unconquerable will
shall be unfettered, they will still be unable to lift
their heads among men, because they will be the
victims of poverty and the vassals of fortune.
Plundered, outcast, and robbed of their posses-
sions, can a paternal and generous nation leave
them in this wilderness in the holy name of the
Constitution? I will not be one of'the judges to
pronounce such a doom against my suffering
brethren. Let the guilty atone for it! Let their
estates yield the ransom ! Nothing in heaven or
earth can be more condign, nothingmore constitu-
tional. A different course would summon against
us the shades ofMadison, of Jay, and of Hamil-
ton ; and justice would frown displeasure from her
bandaged eye-balls.
It is to restore our national vitality and to pro-
pitiate the great ends of justice that this measure
of confiscation is proposed. It is to operate on
the guilty alone. Incidentally, its moral effect will
be to hasten the conclusion of the war, and to re-
store our wearied soldiers to their much loved
homes. In the language of the sage of Gluincy,
which I have once before quoted at this session,
" were we to slumber in indolence, or fold up our
arms and proclaim to the world that ice are palsied
by the will of our constituents, would it not be to
cast away the bounties of Providence, and doom ;
ourselves to a perpetual inferiority?" The con- i
stituent will to which Mr. Adams here referred
was their will as expressed in the Constitution;
and this beautiful apostrophe was a patriotic and
fearless appeal to the powers of Government to
aid in one of the beneficent objects of peace. Hap-
pily for the nation, this appeal prevailed against
contemporary cavilings, as ours will now. Its
monuments and its trophies arc seen everywhere
to deck our land and enrich our commerce, and
who feels that the Constitution has been scarred?
How much stronger warrant have we, the Rep-
resentatives of the people, reflecting their majesty,
their justice, their will, and especially their patriot-
ism and their high powers of war, to employ the
Constitution to save itself and redeem the coun-
try. Now, when the corpses of our friends
v< Manure the fields of Thessaly;
when financial burdens have been forced upon us
so grievous as to breed discontent and endanger
the well-working of our system; when chaos
sits brooding over the border States, and thou-
sands there, whose hearts beat true to their coun-
try, have been hurled by terror, tyranny, or ra-
pine from every social and personal enjoyment,
shall the Constitution prove a shield to the traitor,
and his ghastly smile be permitted amid the ruin
he has created? Shall wo leave loyal men in the
midst of elemental strife, and introduce the dis-
loyal to the high places of society and to its choicest
gifts? If so, nothing is more profitable than trea-
son. It has a double reward; first, in the privi-
leges it has usurped or stolen, and next, in the
guaranteesof the Government. In thatpurersys-
tcm from which all our examples are drawn, the
suffering and persecuted Christian, while he is ad-
monished that 11 if in this life only he has his re*
ward, he is of all men the most miserable," is
sustained and encouraged by the promise that in
the coming state, the retributions of eternal justice
will restore tiie balance. If analogies can be
drawn from the order of nature and of Providence
for the solution of human affairs, it is apparent
that our governmental system has received such
a shock that the social element must be recon-
structed, and retributive justice can only be vin-
dicated by the policy now proposed. Thus will
its homogenious affinities be preserved, and thus
will the Constitution perpetuate itself—in peace
our glory and our ornament; in war the sure de-
fense of the humblest citizen who clings to its
protection.
In a war between independent nations, the vic-
torious party exacts indemnity from the conquered
in the treaty of peace. This is usually in the form
of new commercial privileges secured, territorial
concessions, or stipulated sums paid. The nation
thus compensated, having suffered a common bur-
den, and none of its members at fault, devotes these
acquisitions, with all the prizes gained in war, to
the common treasury. In the case of outrages or
spoliations committed upon any of its citizens by
a foreign Power without a declaration of war, it
demands from that Power indemnity to the party
injured. This is public law, and is what a nation,
when its rights have been established by a suc-
cessful appeal to the highest arbitrament—that of
arms—owes to its own dignity or to its injured cit-
izens. Our Constitution is declared to be ordained
for one of the leading principles for which the code
of public law was created, " to establish justice."
If disagreements arise in regard to the construc-
tion of the international code, the only appeal is
to the conscience of the civilized woild. We ap-
peal to the conscienceof the nation. Whether we
are now engaged in a war, in the public accepta-
tion of the term, or whether the acts of the rebels
are unauthorized acts of spoliation, cannot vary
the duty or the rights of the Government. If it
is a war, it is so far anomalous that there is no
ostensible Power to treat with, and therefore our
reclamations must be made upon the individual
parties who wage it, as it would be if they were
irresponsible or nomadic tribes. If it is a spolia-
tion without a public declaration of defiant hos-
tility, there arc many and obvious reasons why
the principles of public law in a parallel case
should apply, and why wc cannot be remanded
to the inferior municipal jurisdictions for redress,
among which it may be sufficient to cite the fol-
lowing:
First, it is on a scale and of such proportions
that adequate indemnity can neither be reached
nor enforced through these tribunals. Powerless
to prevent the wrong, they have to yield their
