1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
political purposes whatever, had been introduced
into the counsels of such a conclave, I would have
entered my protest against the intrusion of such
subjects, and if they had been persevered in, I
would have taken my leave of that council, but at
the same time would have maintained my position
of unalterable devotion and fidelity to the Union,
to my Government, and to my country.
Mr. President, I do not believe that war alone
is an adequate and full remed y for the presen t great
disease of the nation. I know it is the chief, the
principal, and the most efficacious remedy, butin
addition, and as ancillary to war, the Congress
of the United States ought to pass measures to aid
in this work of subjugatingthe rebellion and put-
ting down opposition to the authority of the United
States. In performing this duty, we haven chart
and a guide. That chart is the Constitution of
the United States. Congress, as the legislative
power of the nation, has no right to exercise, and
ought not to attempt to cxercise, any power but
what is specially and by name delegated to it by
the Constitution, or is necessary and proper for
carrying someexpresspowerintoexecution. Sir,
we are all sworn here to support the Constitution
of the United States. The President tells us sol-
emnly and truthfully that his oath to that effect is
registered in heaven, and I suppose the oath of
every Senator in Congress has the same inscruta-
ble registry. For one, sir, whenever there is a
proposition in the form of a bill or joint resolu-
tion to become a law presented in this body in
times of peace or war, t intend, according to my
judgment and my conscience, to try and test such
a measure by the provisions of the Constitution.
If, when reduced to that test, I come to the con-
clusion that any measure whatever is in conflict
with that instrument which I am sworn to sup-
port, I will oppose it and vote against its adop-
tion. I know that such a position and such a line
of duty is derided, scoffed at, reprobated, and de-
nounced in the Senate and out of the Senate; but
I scorn such denunciations. If I were capable of
yielding to them against my convictions, I should
either be a base knave or a craven cowtud. In
yielding: to them, I should stain my soul with the
turpitude and the crime of perjury; and any man
who commits consciously any violation of the
Constitution commits the samefoul offenseagainst
his country and his God.
Having made these preliminary temarks, I shall
now proceed to the consideration of the measure
under discussion; and that I may not be guilty of
any injustice to it, or to the distinguished and able
Senator who reported it, or the committee by whose
order it was reported, I will read the entire bill,
with the exception of the seventh section. It is
entitled u A bill to confiscate the property and free
the slaves of rebels." The amendments which
the honorable Senator from Illinois has proposed
to the measure, according to my recollection and
comprehension of them, do not materially change
the sense of the bill or its effect, if it should be-
come a law. 1 will therefore read the original
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is a copy of the bill,
as amended.
IVir. DAVIS. I thank the honorable Senator
for his courtesy. I will read the bill as it has been
amended:
Ik it enactcd, $v., TI .U the property, real and personal,
of every kuul whatsoever, both coipoioal and ineorpoicnl.
and iiiehiriinif eludes in action, and wheresoever situated,
within the limits of the Uniied States, bcloitgtns to an}
peit-on oi poisons bevond the jurisdiction  ( the Mine, or to
any person or person-? in any Sute or district within the
Unued States, now in ablate of insurrection and rebellion
ngaiiixt the authonty thereof, so that in either case the ordi-
nary pioeesMif law cannot be served upon them, whoshall
during the present iPbellion be found in amis against the
United States, or giving aid and comtoit to said iebellion,
shall be forieited and confiscated to the United States, and
as to all pcojiei ty which sliali be seized and appi opn.Ued as
hereinafter provfded, such loilWtuie shall take immediate
etlect upon the commission of the act of toi feiture, and all
light, talc, and claim of the jn roon committing such act,
together with the right or povvei to dispose of or alien,ite
Ins pretty of any and every descuption, shall instantly
cease and determine, and the same shall at once vesun the
United States.
bi-c. 2. vlndbeit further enactcd. That every person hav-
ing claim to the set vice or labor of anyotherpojson jn any !
St.itc >iikI<t tlic Inws Uie.eof, whodurms the tcb,-l- !
lion lakt- up arms the UniU'd Sutcs, oi in (inv ;
manner t'lveaul am! commit to Mid rebellion, shall tlii'reliv 1
/osthwith forfeit all W.um to -melt service or Uboi and ilie
persons iroin w horn it i> claimed to bo due, commonly called
Slaves, shall, ipso facto, <m the commission ot the act offor-
leiture by the party havui<r claim to the seiviee or labot as
aforesaid, be di-.chaiged therefiom, and become forever
thereafter free persons, any law of any State or of the Uni
ted States to the contraiy notwithstanding And whenever
any person claiming to he entitled to the service or labor of
any other person shall seek to enforce such claim, he shall,
in the first instance and befoie pioceeding with the trial ot
his claim, satisfactorily prove that he is and has been, timing
tiie existing rebellion, loyal to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; and no person engaged in the military 01 naval
service ofthe United States shall, under any pretense what-
ever, assume to decide on the validity of the claim of any
peison to the service or labor of any other person, or to sur-
render up any such person to the claimant.
Sec, 3. %/lnd be it fwther enacted, That it shall be the
duty ofthe President ofthe United States to make provis-
ion for the transportation, colonization, and settlement in
some tropical country, beyond the limits of the United
States, ot such persons of the All ican race made free by the
provisions of this act, as may be willing to emigrate, having
first obtained the consent of the Govei nmeut of said coun-
tiy to their protection and settlement within the same, with
all the rights and privileges of freemen.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Piesident of the United States, as often as in his
opinion the miliiaiy necessities ofthe Army, or the safety,
inteiest, and welfare of the United States in regard to the
suppression of the rebellion, shall require, to order the seiz-
ure and uppiopiiation, by such officers, mihtaiy or civil, as
he may designate for the purpose, of any and all properly
confiscated and forfeited under and by virtue of this act,
situated and being 111 any district of the United States be-
yond the reach of civil pioeess in the oidmary course of
judicial proceedings by reason of such rebellion, and the
sale or other disposition of said property, or so much of it
as he shall deem advisable.
Sec. 5. *And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the officeis so designated to make to the President
full reports of their proceedings under such oiders, which
repoit shall be filed in the office of the Secietary of the
Treasury; and all moneys received on the sale or rent or
Use of the confiscated property of any peison aioresaid shall
be deposited in the United States Tieasury.
Slc. 6. Jlnd he it Jurther enacted, That for the purpose
of enforcing the forfeiture specified in the fir^t section of
this act of pioperty situate and being in loyal States oi dU-
hiets in which the ordinaiy cour e of judicial pioeecding.s
is not obstructed by the iebellion, proceedings in rem may
be instituted, 111 the name ofthe United States, in any dis-
tiict court ot the United Slates, within which th* estate or
pioperty so loi (cited, or any patt theicof, may he found,
which pioceeding* shall conform, as nearly as may be, to
ptocecdmgs in puze cases, 01 to cases of forfeituie ausing
under Ihe revenue law*; and m all oa<*cs tho propei ty con-
demned, whether real or peisonal, shall be sold, and the pto-
eeeds deposited as piovuled m the fifth section of this act.
It will be observed from the reading- of the bill
that it creates two classes of persons whose prop-
erty shall be forfeited. One class is composed of
those who are out of the United States, or who
are within the States now in rebellion, and in such
position that the otdinary process of the courts
cannot be served upon them. It then provides by
different modes of proceeding for all that class of
persons in arms in the rebellion, or giving it aid
and comfort, who can be found within the loyal
States, or in such position in the United States
that the ordinary process of law can be served
upon them. The white population of the disloyal
States amounts to 5,450,831. The slaves in the
same States amount to a fraction above the num-
ber of 3,500,000. By the last census, there are
3,953,587 slaves in the United States. There are
3,500,000 in the disloyal States—in the States that
have seceded—and about 450,000 in the States that
are yet loyal, including the western portion of the
State of Virginia. I assume that there areas many
disloyal men in the loyal States as there are loyal
men in the seceding States; and I have no doubt
that the number of disloyal men in the loyal States
is larger than the number of the Union men in the
secedingStates. The result, then, is, that the bill
takes from a number of white people equivalent
to the entire white population of the loyal slave
States a slave population equivalent to the entire
slave population of the disloyal States. It not
only takes their slave property, but it takes all the
property that they own. What is the aggregate
amount of the property of the disloyal Stales, ac-
cording to the census tables? It is $6,792,585,742
in amount. The propei ty of the loyal slave States
amounts to $1,983,702,055; so thai the aggregate
amount of property in the southern States that is
subject tu be acted upon by the provisions of this
bill, if it bccomcs a law, will affect upwards of
six millions of people, and will deprive them of
property of ?he value of #4,808,883,037—nearly
five thousand millions of dollars, Now, sir, I ask if
this measure in us proportions is not as gigantic
as the insurrection and the war itself5 Was there
ever in any country that Grod's sun ever beamed
upon a legislative measure involving such au
amount of property, and such numbers of piop-
eity holders?
1 will take another view of this subject. The
surplus production of the States that have seceded,
amounts annually to between five hundred and six
hundred millions of dollars. Of this large surplus,
at least one hundred and fifty millions are distrib-
uted to the loyal and free States for cereal grains,
for meats, for stock, for mules, horses, and man-
ufactured articles of various kinds. My own State
of Kentucky finds a market annually in the south-
ern States, growing out of the productions of their
slave labor, to the amount of eight or ten millions
of dollars, and the free States in the same market
find a sale for their aitides of natural or artificial
production to the amount of at least one hundred
and fifty millions of dollars. Look at the great
grain-growing regions of the West, the Egypt of
America in fertility and production. Where do
they find their principal markets for their corn and
their meats ? Where do Indiana, Missouri, Ohio,
Kentucky, and every other portion of the United
States that produces and sells stock find a market
for their stock ? They find it in the same sunny
South, producing cotton and sugar. Where do
Chicago, Cincinnati, and the other manufacturing
points of plows, agricultural implements, and all
the machinery by which crops are produced and
harvested, find their market for the sale of their
manufactured articles? It is in the South. Where
does New England, where does Massachusetts,
find the principal market for her boots and her
shoes, her coarse woolens, her coarse cottons, and
her ice, even ? It is in the South.
I intend to maintain and shall endeavor to show
that this great and enriching market for the loyal
and free States will be cut off by this iniquitous
measure—for I so denominate it—if it should be-
come a law. The great devotees to labor and
industrial pursuits in the field of agriculture, and
in the workshops, who find their markets and the
rewards of their toil and of their labor and of their
skill m the South, will rise up in earnest protest
against any such measure as this. Their voice
will be heard before long in this Chamber. It will
be heard resounding throughout this nation; and
it will be heard in a majesty and strength that will
command obedience to it, and it will repress and
put clown such wholesale measures of confisca-
tion, of injustice, of oppression, and iniquity.
1 shall now proceed to a legal, constitutional
examination of the provisions of this bill, and I
shall endeavor to do it as clearly, as methodically,
and as succinctly as I can.
The first question is, has Congress the power
to pass the measure under consideration, and if it
has the power, from what source does it derive it?
I maintain that for Congress there is but one source
of power, and that is the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; that if Congress has any power to pass
this bill it derives it by express delegation, or by
necessary and proper implication, from the Con-
stitution of the United States; and it can derive it
from no other source. If the power is not given
there, it is given nowhere; it docs not exist; and
an attempt to exercise it would be an act of usurp-
ation on-the part of Congress which any free citi-
zen of the United States would have the right to
resist by all the means and force which he could
command, at his peril, abiding the judgment of the
courts of the United States upon the question of
the legality of his position. I assume that the law
of nations, even if it was adopted by the express
language of the Constitution, or by necessary im-
plication, confers upon Congress no power what-
ever to pass this bill. I assume, furthermore,
that if the body of international law was expressly
adopted by a clause in the Constitution, or by
necessary implication, every one of the principles
and provisions of that law that stood in conflict
with any written provision of the Constitution
would fall before its paramount power, and in the
United States would have no legal effect whatever.
I will now read from two approved authors clauses
of international law that bear upon the questions
arising in this bill. I will read them consecutively:
'•Nations composed of men, and considered as so many
fiee persons living together in a state of natuie, are natu-
lally equal, and inherit fiom nature the same obligations
and lights. Power or weakness does not, in this respect,
produce any difference. A dwarf is as much a man as a
giant: a small republic is no less a sovereign State than the
most powerful kingdom.
" By a necessary consequence of that cqualitv, whatever
is lawful tor one nation is equally lawful for a*!l other na-
tions, and whatever is unjustifiable m one is equally so in
all others/'—VatteVs Law of Nations
"The whole international code is founded upon recipro-
city. The iule« it piecesibus me observed by one nation,
m confidence that thev will be so b> others."—WhcutoiSs
Elements of National Law, p. 421.
Tims reads Whfaton. one of the most recent
