2718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in the impres-
sion of the Chair, No division was asked, and
the amendment is non-concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous amendment of the House
of Representatives was concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I do not care about having the^
vote taken now on that motion to reconsider,
thoughif the Senate choose to take the vote now,
I am perfectly willing. The motion was made by
the Senator from Massachusetts at my request. I
did not think it was proper for the Senate to back
down from every ground they have taken, and
ground which, m this case, they had taken so
unanimously,in behalf of the soldiers of the Army
who are confined by sentences of courts-martial
in the penitentiary of the District of Columbia. If
there has been a vote taken since 1 have been a
member of the Senate that passed with great una-
nimity,and, as I thought, with the indignation of
the Senate, u was the vote adopting the section
which the House of Representatives have stricken
out of this joint resolution, and to which striking
out the Senate have consented, without a word
being said in opposition to it. I believe my voice
was the only one raised against it. It is said by
some one that the House of Representatives have
instructed their committee to report a bill in lieu
of it. I think it will be time enough for the Sen-
ate to back down from the ground they have as-
sumed with such unexampled unanimity when
the other House send us that bill. For my part,
I would not give a straw for this joint resolution
with the amendment striking out the last section.
If there has been anything done this session on
which i think the Senate ought to stand, it is on
the ground they have taken that the soldiers who
have volunteered to fight the battles of the coun-
try shall not be sent to the penitentiary and con-
fined there for the trifling offenses of which they
are convicted. I think it was stated by a member
of the Senate the other day that one of the crimes
for which they were held there was trampling on
the grass; and for that men who have left their
homes to fight the battles of the country have
been sentenced by courts-mai lial, and are now in
the penitentiary. I know one man that I saw
from my own State, who is confined there for an
act which, m my humble judgment, was merito-
rious. There was a sick or wounded soldier for
whom he was performing some act that some-
body else thought was menial service and gave
him some insulting words. The man knocked
him down, and it served him right. He might
have been fined one dollar before a magistrate m
our State,but he was sent to the penitentiary for it.
This matter was so fully discussed, and the Sen-
ate took such unanimous ground, that I confess
I do not understand why it is that at this time
they have unanimously backed down. I trust the
vote will be reconsidered; and if the House of
Representatives are going to send us some bill in
lieu of this provision, it will be time enough for
us to abandon this section when we have got the
bill they send to us.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the resolution and amendments lie on the table for
the present.
Mr. HALE. I am willing.
The motion was agreed to.
PA 1" OF ARMY OFFICERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bill No. 175,
to define the pay and emoluments of certain ofli-
cers of the Army, and for other purposes, has
been returned from the House of Representatives,
with various amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
refer the bill and amendments to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia. The bill is
a very long one, nearly thirty sections; and the
House of Representatives have added several sec-
tions, and modified some otheis. I move that the
bill and amendments be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military AfFairs and the Militia, and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
I lie VICE PRESIDENT. There is on the table
a bill of the House of Representatives which hns
been the subject of conference. The report of the
committee of conference will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
260) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department, and
forfulfUiingtreaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1863.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] who had that bill espe-
cially in charge on the part of the Senate, is not
in his seat. He desired that it might lie on the
table until he returned. There is some contro-
versy as to agreeing to the report.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that course will be taken. The report will
lie on the table.
PETITIONS.
Mr. KING-presented two petitionsfrom citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of a gen-
eral uniform bankrupt law; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, presented two
petitions of citizens of Missouri, praying for the
establishment of a branch mint at St. Louis; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the establishment of a mail
route from Decatur City, in that State, to Eagle-
ville,in the State of Missouri; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Steu-
ben county, Iowa, praying for the construction of
a ship canal between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi river; which Was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of seed grow-
ers and dealers in seeds, praying that the depart-
ment charged with the distribution of seeds be
prohibited from using any portion of the appio-
priation made, or to be made, for the purchase of
varieties of garden or flower seeds which may
haw been previously distributed by the agricul-
tural bureau; which was referied to the Commit-
tee oil Patents and the Patent Office. .
REGISTER OP VESSELS.
Mr. KING. I report, from the Committee on
Commerce, a bill fiom the House of Representa-
tives, (No. 474,) with an amendment; and I am
instructed by the committee to ask for its passage
now.
There being no objection, the bill (H. K. No.
474) to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue American registers to certain vessels, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue American registers to the vessels North Star
and Dolphin, of the Oswego collection district, in
the State of New York, being Canadian-built
vessels but now owned by American citizens.
The amendment of the Committee on Commerce
was to add:
And also to the Minnie, of Selkirk, of the same collection
district.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time;
it was read the third time, and passed.
CARMICK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
a joint resolution (S. No. 89) in relation to the sub-
ject of the claim of Carmick and Ramsey. I de-
sire, unless some gentleman objects to it, that the
resolution be passed at once. I presume there
will be no objection.
The joint resolution was read three times and
passed. It provides that under the sixth section
of the act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1857," ap-
proved August 18,1856, no amount shall be alio wed
or paid exceeding in all the sum of §180,000.
JOHN T. JONES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report a bill for
the relief of John T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian,for
depredations committed by white persons upon
his property in Kansas Territory in 1856.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish that that bill might
be put on its passage now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate, I will ask for its consideration at the pres-
ent time. I can state in a single moment to the
Senate precisely what it is.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 354)
for the relief of John T. Jones, an Ottowa Indian,
for depredations comm itted by w hite persons upon
his property in Kansas Territory, was read twice
by its title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill directs that there shall be paid
to him, under the direction of the Commissioner '
of Indian Affairs, the sum of $6,700, in full for
depredations committed upon his property by
white persons, that being the amount adjudged by
the Commissioner to be the value ofthe property
destroyed.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a report, and if
the Senate will allow me a single moment to make
a statement, I think they will be satisfied to act
on the bill now. If they are not, I.will let it lie
over. The fact is this: "John T. Jones is a chief,
a leading chief of the Ottowa tribe in Kansas; he
is a man of fine education, and is exerting an ex-
cellent influence over the Indians in Kansas. It
is another fact, that during the troubles of 1856
he sympathized strongly with the free State cause
of Kansas. During the invasion of that State,
when the border ruffians were over there destroy-
ing property, knowing the fact that he sympa-
thized with the free State men, they fell upon his
property in the night time—I believe on the night
of the 20th of August, 1856—and burned down
his house and destroyed it with all its contents.
At that time Jones was a man supposed to be of
large wealth, and, as all the witnesses estimate,
and as it was estimated by the agents in Kansas,
who were appointed at the time when the sym-
pathies of the Administration were against all free
State men, the value of his house and property
was estimated at $6,700. It was a large house,
and well furnished—furnished with a view that it
might be used as a public house. He claimed
at the same time that he should have something
for the loss of his business, for the distress of his
family, and nil that. The committee have persist-
ently refused to allow that,as a thing they could
not estimate; but they allowed, simply, the loss
of the property.
This claim was reported when the Committee
on India)) Affairs was presided over by Mr. Se-
bastian, of Arkansas, and it was offered at one
time to be placed on the genei al appropriation bill,
but was objected to as being out of order, and
thrown out. Mr. Jones at the time, deeming his
damages much larger than this, was unwilling to
receive this amount in full compensation; but a
change has come over the country and a change
has come over his circumstances; he is now a poor
man, and manifests a willingness to take the
amount ofthe actual damage to his property. Both
the Senators from Kansas were before the com-
mittee and testified of their own personal knowl-
edge to the standing and character of this man and
to the amount of damages. I have no doubt it is
a just claim.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man ofthe Committee on Indian Affairs, whether
this claim falls under the intercourse law?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The intercouise law was
not in all respects complied with by Mr. Jones at
the time. The inteicourse law requires that the
persons committing the depredations shall be pro-
ceeded against, and, if possible, arrested; but as
the Commissioner, Mr. Denver, who made the re-
port, states, the circumstances weio such, in this
civil war, as you may say, existing in Kansas at
the time, that it was impossible, from the nature
of things, that he could pursue those men and have
them arrested; therefore the Commissioner recom-
mended the Department to waive that considera-
tion or that provision of the intercourse law, and
recommended it to be paid. The Senators from
Kansas know more particularly the precise facts
than I do myself.
Mr. CLARK. The reason why I make the
inquiry is this: there was a gieat many claims on
the partof white people of Kansas for the destruc-
tion of property during that time, and I wanted to
know what the distinction was, and whether the
claim of these Indians come underthe intercouise
law. I wanted to bring out that fact as a reason
why we might pass the claim of an Indian when
we refused the claims of white persons. We have
