1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2719
had claims of white people before the Committee
on Claims at this very session, and we thought,
under the circumstances, we could not possfbly
allow such claims, for there was no ground on
which they could go. I desired to call out the
fact that this comes under the intercourse law so
far that it is entirely within it, except that he did
not make pursuit, because it was useless.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is a fact appearing
from the papers; and besides that, the committee
in their report have slated this as an exceptional
case, at the same time protesting that it is not to
be a precedent for the payment of claims presented
by our own citizens for spoliations in war. I think
it ought to pass.
Mr. POMER.OY. I think there will be no ques-
tion in regard to this claim with any person at all
acquainted with the circumstance. The reason
Mr. Jones could not comply with the provisions
of the intercourse act was that this property was
destroyed by a military company, or what they
called a military company; they came into Kan-
sas from Missouri, and he could not comply with
the provisions of that statute.
Mr. CLARK. I think he was excused.
Mr. POMEROY. It is clearly within the rule
that Congress has established,and I hope he may
be paid. It is very tardy, very slow justice, but
it is somewhere near justice, though it is not very
near.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CLAIM Of GEOKGE MCDOUOAL.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and as it is a mere resolution of inquiry, I ask
for its present consideration. A similar resolution
was offered a short time since, but it was not in
due form:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Inteuor be dlicctcd
to collect, receive, and examine all the information aii.l
proof that it may Ire practicable to obtain relating to the
amount of beef actually delivered and filrnMied to the In-
dians in the lowei pattofthe State of California, by Geoige
MeDougal,in tile year 1852, under a rei tain eontiaol enteied
into between him and O. M. Wozenciaft, who assumed to
act as agent in behalf of tlie United States; and al.-,o relating
to the value thereof at the time of its dehveiy, and to lepoi't
the same to Oungress with all convenient dispatch, with
Ins opinion upon the justice and amount of said claim.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from California whether that is one of the
cases that have been before the Court of Claims?
Mr. LATHAM. No, sir; I do not think this
claim has.
Mr. CLARK. I make no objection to it.
Mr. LATHAM. There is a claim pending be-
fore the Committee on Indian Affairs, and this is
merely to get the information in regard to it in
their possession.
Mr. CLARK. At a former session there were
some cases that were before the Court of Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, is I think, mistaken in relation to that.
Thisclaim ofMcDougal was presented once to the
Court of Claims by aperson claiming to actasthe
administrator of McDougal, but it was rejected
upon the same ground upon which the claim of
Hensley was rejected. This fact may not have
come to the attention of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. LATHAM. I was not aware of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The claim has been pre-
sented to the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
Committee on Indian Affairs find the evidence in
relation to it so uncertain, as to the amount of beef
delivered, that they were unable to make any re-
port upon the subject as to the amount. The Sen-
ator from California, carrying out the purpose of
the committee, (for they had introduced a resolu-
tion bearing on the same point,) asks the Secre-
tary of the Interior to look into that question, to
see what the amount is, not for the purpose of
pay ingit, but to report the facts to Congress. That
is the purpose of the resolution, and it lias the
sanction of the Committee on Indian Affairs. 1
hope it will be agreed to. J
The resolution was adopted.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 355)
for inyeasing the revenue by reservation and sale
of town sites on public lands;*which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to have included
also, a motion that it be printed. It is a bill of a
good deal of importance.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that the
bill be referred to the Committee' on Public Lands,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SERVICE OP PROCESS.
Mr. FOOT. If the ordinary morning busi-
ness is through, I desire to ask for the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 291) providing for the is-
suing of process to, and the service of the same
by, indifferent persons; a bill of some local con-
venience, and to which there can be no possible
objection, introduced some time ago by my col-
league, and reported back unanimously by the
Committee on the Judiciary. It will occupy no
time longer than is necessary for its reading.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
Itenacts that whenever it shall appear to any judge
or commissioner by whom any process may bo
issued pursuant to the laws and treaties of the
United States relating to the extradition of certain
offenders, that such process may fail of service for
want of a proper officer seasonably to be had to
serve the same, such process may be directed to
and served by any indifferent person, such indif-
ferent person being named therein. For the ser-
vice of such process by an indifferent person the
same fees and compensation shall be allowed as
to any proper officer in the like case, and the re-
turn on such process shall be verified by the oath
of such indifferent person, when served by him, a
certificate of which oath shall be indoised on the
process by the authority administering the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RECOMMITMENT OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the bill
(S. No. 314) for the relief of the Wyandotte In-
dianSjagreeably to certain treaty stipulations, was
taken up and recommitted to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
SUPERVISION 03? POTOMAC WATER-WORKS.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up the bill for
the relief of J. F. Simmons. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
but a moment left of the morning hour, and there
is a joint resolution that I have been trying for a
week to get through, of public importance, and
of the greatest necessity.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator says there is a
public necessity for it, I will give way. I will
not ask to take up a private bill to interfere with it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up House joint resolution No. 72.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) transferring
supervision of Potomac water-works to the De-
partment ofthe Interior.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
put this joint resolution on its passage. I will
simply say that the late superintendent, General
Meigs, is very anxious himself to have the change
made.
The joint i-esolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. This resolution has not been
read, and I should like to hear what there is in it
before it is passed.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It trans-
fers the supervision of the Potomac watei-works
from the War Depaitment to the Department of
the Interioi. And all unexpended money which
has been heictofore appropriated, and all money
which may bo hereafter appropriated, for the com- {j
plefion of those water-works, is to be expended
under the direction and supervision of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES F. SIMMONS.
On motion of Mr. CLAEK the bill (S. No. 353)
for the relief of J. F. Simmons, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the payment to James F. Sim-
mons of $8,705 26, for the wrongful seizure of the
schooner Charity, with a cargo, belonging to him,
by an officer of the United States Navy.
Mr. HALE. Let the report be read.
Mr. CLARK. I $an state the case in a few
moments, and it wili take less time to state it than
to read the report.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. Simmons was the owner
of the schooner Charity and the cargo on board
of her; and he applied to the Treasury Depart-
ment for a permit to go to Ncwbern or the coast
of North Carolina for trade, and while the permit
was preparing the Department concluded to open
the port and to appoint a collector to go to that
port. He took on board the vessel a deputy col-
lector to go to the port to open it; but when he
arrived at Hatteras inlet, the vessel was seized by
the ofKccr of the Stars and Stripes. The Presi-
dent has sent in a letter in which he says the ves-
sel should have been discharged; the Secretary ot
the Treasury says the seizure was wrongful, and
the vessel should have been discharged; the Sec-
retary of the Navy says the seizure was wrong-
ful, and the vessel should have been discharged;
and the Attorney General concurs in that opinion.
The vessel was found, by a very accurate state-
ment, to be worth some eighteen thousand dol-
lars, with her cargo. Mr. Simmons has received
$10,000 from the insurance, with which ho credits
the Government, and claims the balance. There
seems to he no doubt about the justice of the
claim.
Mr. SAULSBURY. What became of the
cargo ?
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps I ought to state that
the vessel, after being taken possession of, was.
sent to New York and wrecked and entirely lost,
vessel, cargo, and all.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the bilI(H. R. No. 423)
makingappropiiations for the naval sei vice for the
year ending 30th of June, 1863. That bill is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The pending amendment is one offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to insert as a new section:
And he it further e?iac£ed,Thathercaffe  minora-not under
the <a<ie of eighteen years may be enlMed in the naval ser-
vice without the consent of their patents or gtmtdians and
the oath of enlistment taken by the recruit^hallbu conclu-
sive to his age.
Mr. HALE. I thought that last clause was
stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] moved to strike out the
words " and the oalh of enlistment taken by the
recruit shall be conclusive as to his age/'
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to;
and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. GPJMES. I offer as an amendment two
additional sections:
Jind be it fxDthcr enacted, That the Piefideiit of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is horphy, authonzed to annually
appoint ten acting midshipmen for education at the Naval
Academv, who shall be selected from the sens of oQieers
or soldiers who distinguish them&elvesm the service of the
United States and from the sons of offieeis or men in the
naval or marine service of the United States who have thus
distinguished tfjeuiselvea.
And be it further enacted, That the District of Columbia
shall be regarded for ail the purposes of appointment to the
Naval Academy a?? a congressional district, the appointment
thereto to be designated by the Piesident of the United
States from residents of the District.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think that is not exactly
right. I suggest to the chairman that that would
make it one congressional district; for, as I un-
derstood, the population of the District would be
such as to entitle it to two midshipmen.
Mr. GRIMES. Each congressional district has
two.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What is the population
of the District of Columbia?
Mr. GRIMES, The population of the District
