738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
tia, to whom xvaa referred a joint resolution (S. j
No; 46) declaratory of the intent and meaning of a
certain act therein named, to report it back to the ,
Senate without uuiciitlmuiit and -recommend its |
passage, and to ask the Senate also to put it on its
passage now, as it is a very urgent matter, and
there is no diversity of opinion about it. _
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. As doubts have arisen as to the
true intent and meaning of the "act to indemnify
the States for expenses incurred by them tn de-
fense of the United States," approved July 27,
1861, the joint resolution directs that that act shall
be so construed as to apply to expenses incurred
as well after as before the date of the approval
thereof. .
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a thh'd reading, read the third time, and passed.
CELEBRATION OF WASHINGTON'S BIBTIIDAY.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not in the Chamber
when the petitions were called for, but I ask leave
now to present the memorial of the Mayor and a
very large number of citizens of Philadelphia, the
most respectable persons in the city, and 1 hope
it will be read to the Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Cavaress of the United States:
The people of Philadelphia, whose names are underwrit-
ten, beg leave, rcspoctlully, to addic&s themselves to your
honorable bodies:
Dwelling in a city of which the very atmosphere is laden
with ennobling revolutionary memories, wheie m May,
1787, assembled, under the auspicesot Washington, it* pre-
siding oflioer, the (ii-t convention of the Ameuean people
to establish a iorm of government which should supciswde
the old Aitielcs ot Conledeiation, and toim a more peiiect
Union; w.icrc, in the enduing Soptembo), the meat u'oik
of that convention wa.s accomplished; when: Washington
passed the gieater part ol his  illu*tihm-. caiccr a* l'i e-tdent
of thu United fc?iatcs>, and closed it; and liom whence Well-
ington issued to his countrymen, with ail its untold wealth
ot' wisdom and p:\tnotism, that tnmioital Farewell Addiess,
which, even m the pages ot British hisLoiv, is piottounccd
"unequulcd by any composition of munvpned wisdom r
The people of Philadelphia remembering all this and nunc,
may fairly claim to look foi waid to the approaching anni-
versary of the bittli of Washington, the fn&i miicc the out-
break of the great rebellion, with feelings ol the deepest
Interest.
Cherishing lor their beloved Constitution and Union,
rcccivcd from the founders ot both, a devoted and undying
aft'cction, Yielding to none in heaiti'elt lojahy to both, the
people of Philadelphia, whose names are undenviitten,aic
of opinion that the appioaehing nnnlver^aij of the Imth of
Washington ought to be commemorated on this occasion by
Congress, on a scale commcnsuiate with the keen feelings
of patriotism stirred up by the icturu of that day, m the
hearts of the American people.
They are of opinion that no commemoration of the day
more appropriate to tills return ol' it, or more congenial to
every loyal Ameiican citizen, could be devised than the
following- „
That the Parcwell Address of Washington be road aloud
on the mottnngof that day, in one 01 the othei ot the Houses
of Congress, by the President oft he Senate ot Speak ei ot the
House of Ilepieacntativcs, in the piesencc of the menjbeis
of both Houses.
That the Pi evident of the United States ami his Cabinet,
the ex-PresldenN, the judges of the Supreme Court, the
representatives of foreign Governments accredited to om
own, Me officer of the Aimy and Navy of the United States
at the beat of Government, and distinguished citizens, be
invited to intend.
And thatthe pioceedings ot the day, including the Fate
well Addiebs, he published in pamphlet iotni tn a m.mnei
suited to the dignity of the oce.'tsion,and widely circulated
among the American people.
Also, that the Farewell Addiess, or suitable parts of it,
be read aloud on that day, wherever ptacticahlo, nt the head
of the aim ies and on hoaidofthe ship of wm ot the United
States, m the field and in camp, at sea and in pott, by the
officers of each, n-> the highest incentive with otu bt a\c
defenders to continued devotion to out glorious Constitu-
tion and Union.
Your niemonalists?, therefore, prayyoui honoiable bodies
to puss a joint icaohmon to the above otfeet.
Philadelphia, January 31, 1S82.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the suggestions made
by the memorialists are so appropriate that I have
prepared a resolution to .submit to the considera-
tion of the Seriate for the purpose of carrying out
their prayer. In view of the perilous condition of
the country, I think the time lias arrived when
we should recur back to the days, the times, and
the doings of Washington and the patriots of the
Revolution, who founded the Government under
which we live, and undei which we have pios-
pcred. I trust and hope that there will be no ob-
jection to this manner of colebiating the birthday
of the Father of his Countiy. I submit the fol-
lowing resolution to carry out the prayer of the
memorial;
Resolved, (the Hou&e ot .Representatives concurring,)
That the two Houses will assemble in the Chamber of the
House of Itepiesentatives on Saturday, the 22d of Febiuary
instant, at twelve o'clock meridian, and that in the pres-
ence of the two Hon«es ot Conuress thus assembled, the
Farewell Address of Geoigc Wa-aington to the people of :
the United States shall be read ; and that the President of ;
the Senate and the Speaker of the House ot ilepiesenta- j
lives he requeued to invite the Pte^ident of the United^ I
State?, the heads of the sovctai UepaitmeMs, the judges of
the Supreme Couit, the repieeentat.ves iiotn all loreign j
Governments near this Government, and tuch officer* of j
the At my and Navy and dibtingui-lied eitizenr, a*- may then !
be at the seat of Government, to be pie&cut on that occa-
sion. _
Resolved, That the President ol the United states, Com-
mander in Chief of the Aimy and Navy, be lerjue-ted to
direct that oideis bo issued iorth" reading to the Auny
and Navy of the United States ot the Faicwell Addies-> ot
Geoige Washington,01 such pmts theieot tx-i hemayseieet,
on the 22d day of Febiuary, instant.
Resolved, That thousand copies ofthe pi occedings
of the two Houses of Connies-*, together with the Farewell
Addtess of George Washington, be printed for distribution
by the members of the two Houses of Congress to the peo-
ple of the United States.
I hope the resolution will be adopted unani-
mously, and that it will be so entered on the Jour-
nal. I have nothing to say upon it. The memorial
speaks for ilself; the times speak for themselves;
and it does seem to me that wc ou^ht to show a
willingness to recur to those days which gave birth
to the Republic.
Mr. HALE. Of course, it must be very pain-
ful for anybody to say a wotd against a resolu-
tion emanating from such a souice, and prompted
by such a motive; but I confess it doc* not accord
with my judgment. My judgment is against it. I
think it would be a great deal better to hane; some
public robber or shoot some cowardly officer of
the Army who lias occasioned our defeats, or any-
thing of that soil, to show that there is vigor m
the Government to deal with those that ought to
be dealt with, than to indulge in such ohser\ .tnces
as this, if it is the unanimous wish of the Sen-
ate, I shall not vote against it; but I simply rise
to say that it does not accord with my judgment
at all. I should raiher it had not been mirodueed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no
objection to the consideration of the lesolution.
It'is before the Senate for adoption. The Chasr
will suggest that there is a blank unfilled in the
lesolution.
Mr. JOHNSON*. It is best to leave that blank
open for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The Chair would
suggest that before the resolution is engi ossrd the
blank must be filled. It will then be too late to
fill it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will suggest "ten thou-
sand."
The amendment was agiced to.
Mr. HALE. When must exception be taken
to the passage of the resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Now.
Mr. HALE. I make objection now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Exception being
taken to the passage of the resolution to-day, it
must £o over to to-morrow.
Air. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his objection, it may be proper, perhaps,
that some o'flieer should be shot or some robber
should be punished, but tin4 adoption ot this res-
olution to celebmte the birthday of* Washington
will not pievent that being done. I hopr it will
give us spiritaud courage to enable us todo what
the Senator desires should be done. I trust he
will withdraw Ins objection.
Mr HALE. If 1 stand alone here, I cannot do
an ungracious thing to anybody, least of all to the
Senator from Tennessee; but it does not accord
with my judgment. As everybody knuws, I am
not obstinate, and I shall not persist.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is objection with-
drawn r
Mr. HALE. Yes, I suppose so.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the entry will be made
that the resolution was unanimously adopted.
The VICE PRES! DENT. The Chair has so
declared, and it will be so entered on the Journal.
LIEUTENANT CIIAULES ill'XTKR.
Mi. HALE. I mo\f that the S< u.'t''postpone
the prior orders and take up j >mi resolution No.
43; and if tIn; Senate will indulge me a minute, 1
will state what the lesohitson is. U a resolution
fot reinstating Chailes Hunter, a lieutenant in the
United States Navy, to his place on the active list,
and the circumstances are these: Mr. Hunter was
retired for ill health; but when the present difficul-
ties broke out, he tendered his services to the Gov-
ernment and they were accepted, and he has been
discharging his duties in the Navy, bis health hav-
ing been perfectly restored, there having been a
medical survey upon him. I will state further in
explanation of the c^sc, that when the reviewing
board sat, they were ready to reinstate Mi. Ilun-
j ter, for he is an oificer of very high character; but
i lie candidly stated to them that he did not think
I bis physical condition at that time was such as to
fit him for active duty in the Navy. He has now
been serving the country for several months and
is subjected to the unpleasant situation of being
commanded by his inferiors. The committee have
unanimously reported to restore him. I move
that the Senate take up the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 43) to authorize the Piesident of the
United States to restoie Lieutenant Chailes Hun-
ter to the active list, from the leave of abscncclist
of the Navy, was read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I will not make a speech nor say
a word, but read the report of the committee,
which occupies about two thirds of a page, and
then I shall leave the question to the body:
The Committee on Naval Affans, to whom was referred
the memoual ol Chaile* Hunter, a lieutenant m the Navy
ot the United State-, on the leave of absence Jibt, beg leave
to make the following tepoit:
That Lieutenant Hunter was placed on the leave of ab-
sence list of the Navy for alleged physical disabdity only,
undei the act oi Congic&s lot cieaung a retned list; that a
bond of medical oftieeis, oideivd hytheNavv Depailment,
on the '13d day ot Jaiuiaiy last, have icpoited that '* tirey
ate unable to detect any physical impediment to the tibial
duties oi a naval oliieei ;'1 and Mich appeals, to h.ne been
the medical la tnnonv < n the com toi'inqiu.y of September,
1l">7, although at that tune he did not u eonMdei himself
equal to haul du!\ in a w.um climate." '{'he dinea^e uu-
! dor whicn lx> l.dioted lb'* ^ome time, as the memorialist
states, ato-e nom long ses vice in hot climates, and gieat ex-
povuie and pel J- on the (joust ol Ati ica, attei the wieck of
the bug Coneoui on that coast, and the death of hoi com-
mander He wa- attacked on the-lioie with the African
fevet, liom w lu< h he nanowlv escaped with his life, and
the eifecN ot which weie unpiessed upon hij constitution
fot many j eat*.
Thev tuither lepoit that immediately after the attack on
Fort Sumfet b> the icbeN he ollcicil his ranviccs to the
Government, and thev wvtc promptly and gladly accepted,
and he wa~ oniei.vl a> fn-t lieutenant o! the MonU'otnoiy,
a steamet blockading in the Cull, and ha^ d^chai<,vd tiie
aiduoitv dimes ot e\eeun\e otlicci of that \c^el loi eiyht
tnotui)^ v ithout losing one rUy in^u duty He letuincd to
the United ^tate, a tew week^ ago, and i~ now undei oideis
to proceed in tiie Rhodn T-land, tiom Philadelphia, to take
eommand of the si tamo j in w Inch lie had been fust lieuten-
ant. Your committee aie ot opinion that the memoualist,
under the-'c cucum-tances, n entitled to re-toiatiou on the
active liht, as it he had nevct been letircd. Lietiienant Ilun-
tct has ^.u-tained thioityh hie the most uublennslud icpu-
tation as a gentleman and an officer, and for the diligent
peii'otmance ot hi-) prole^Monal duties, and his capacity,
the committee n lei to y e l.u t that he passed ln-> c.xuunna-
t«on, and was placed at the iiead of one of tne lau>est classes
ofCniid-lnpmen examined with a view to piomotion. The
committee theietoie ask leave lo repoit a joint ic-ohuion
foi hib re-.toiauon to the aeuvc sciviee lt* t of the N'avy.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to interpose
any obstacle to the passage of tins resolution if
the Senate desiie to pays if; but I want to state
what arc the facts and what, may possibly be the
elieetof it. 11 is acknowledged by the committee,
and Air. I [unter himself ac know led god that at the
i.me the ivtning board assembled lie was unable
to pei form duty,and he declared that the finding
of the board was eonect. They declared that he
oueht to be retired 
The V1C & PRESIDENT. It becomes the duty
ot the Chair at this hour to call up the special
older of the day.
Mr. HALE. I thought all prior ordeis were
postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion only
included thu prior orders m the morning hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope this resolution will
be continued.
Mr. SH ERMAN. What is the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yestm day, tiie resolution on which the
Senator from Rhode"Island [Mr. Sim.mo.ys] is en-
:; titled to the floor.
'! Mr. SIMMONS. I said yesterday all that I
| interded to say on that.
, Mr. IIALE and othcis. Let us postpone that.
Air SIMMONS. 1 hop" (he le^nWuon will
i pass. It is only a res;.iuMoo of lnquu v.
} Mr. SHERMAN. What is the next special
! ordtr?
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The next special
