240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Nugen.
Ho. of Reps.
trict of Columbia to those proposing its entire
abolition in all the States, have been continually
introduced and urged, and are now being matured
and most likely will be passed.
The first of these measures, the abolition of
slavery m the District of Columbia, has already
passed the two Houses of Congress by the entire
■vote of the Republican party, and is now a law.
This is but the first act m the programme which
the party in power, in my humble judgment, have
laid down, and intend to carry out.
The passage of this measure will be followed
by the announcement of the success of others, all
looking to the one grand object of prolonging the
war until slavery is abolished in all the States, or
until the free States are separated from those slave
States in which it is found impossible to abolish
the institution. It may yet be denied by many
of the leaders of the Republican party that such
is the design of the party. But have they not
heretofore denied their intention to interfere with
slavery in any place where it already existed in
the States or in the District of Columbia?
I recollect that during the last Congress a prom-
inent member of the Republican party, then a
member of this House, and now a Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] declared on this floor, in
the strongest terms, his opposition to the abolition
of slavery in this District while the institution ex-
isted in Maryland and Virginia, Now he, with
his Republican colleagues, have originated and
passed a bill which some of them, less than two
years ago, protested against.
The same distinguished gentleman, on the 11th
day of February, 1861, while a member of this
House, intioduced the following resolution:
"P.esoluei!, That neither the Congress of tlio United
States nor the people of the rion-slaveholding Stares have
the constitutional right to legislate upon or interfere with
slaveiy in an} of the sLlvcliuidmg Stales of the Union."
This received the unanimous vote of this House.
Yet the same gentlemen on the Republican side
of the House who supported this resolution are
now supporting measures in directviolation of it;
measures proposing to interfere with the institu-
tion where it exists, not only in the District of
Columbia but in the States. Most of these prop-
ositions for emancipation in the States have sought
to reach the institution under the head of confis-
cution of rebel property, by bills providing for
confiscation generally, and emancipation particu-
Icti 1 v.
The most recent project on this subject, how-
evn , is that which came from the Executive Man-
sion in the shape ofa proposed resolution for the
consideration of Congiess, as follows:
" Remit ed, That the United States ouifllt to cooperate
with an)- State which may adopt gradual abolishment of
slaveiy, /,'ivmg to such State peeuniaiy aid, to be used by
such Mate m its discretion to compensate for the inconve-
nience^ public and private, produced by such a change of
system."
This was at once adopted by the dominant party
in Congress. Why this message was sent to Con-
giess by the President at the time it was sent, or
what its precise object and meaning are, 1 have
never heaid satisfactorily explained. There was
to ordinary minds no apparent necessity for such
a pioposition at the tune, as no State had at any
tune proposed emancipation nor asked Congress
to codpelate with it in a measure of that kind; nor
is it probable that the bona fide citizens of any of
the slave States will, for a considerable time,ask
any such relief of the national Legislature. A few
men from the free States who go'into some of the
sluvuholdingStates as ad venturers may go through
the fotms of voting on the subject,assuming, un-
der the name of a provisional government or other-
wise, to act tor the State; and having voted in favor
of emancipation, Congress may then proceed to
carry out the wishes of these men who are but its
own agents; and thus the free States, through
Congress, under color of the sanction of au thorny
derived in this illegal manner, may do that which
U is admitted by the resolutions so unanimously
adopted a year ago that neither Congress nor the
non-sLueliolding States have the right to do.
The people of the fiee States thus, by the con-
sent of their own citizens, would, by the power of
Congress, abolish slavery in these States. This
would be about as legal a proceeding as that ofa
felon sending his accomplice in advance into a
neighbor's house, that the accomplice, being in the
occupancy of the house, assuming to act for the
rightful occupant, might confer title to stolen
property by such assumed occupancy.
If at any short day any request of this kind is
made of Congress, it will, in my opinion, be
through some such subterfuge; for I am satisfied
that the bona fide citizens of these States do not
desire the passage of emancipation bills at this
time, and so their Representatives here inform us.
It may be that this suggestion of the President
was in part made from the fact that those schemes
which proposed emancipation in the States, under
the plea of a "military necessity," and without
constitutional authority, were so transparently
absurd that the Administration was fearful they
could not be sustained, and that it was thought
best to try to accomplish the great aim by another
resort and upon a new idea. And I am further
inclined to conjecture that the President became
alarmed on account of the conservative position he
found himself assuming on this subject, and that,
being no longer able to resist the " irrepressible
conflict" which was waged against him by the
ultra portion of the Republican party, (which, I
am sorry to believe, includes most of its leaders
and nearly all the rank and file,) he sought this
proposition as a means of letting himself down
from the proud position he had attained in the
minds of the conservative masses of the people of
the country.
Much as I admire the President for the inde-
pendence of thought and sound judgment which
he has on many occasions exhibited, I fear he in
this instance yielded to the en treaties of politicians,
instead of following the dictates of his own judg-
ment, as well as the feelings and sentiments of the
people of the country. For both he and gentle-
men on the other side of the House will learn that
most of these measures will not be sustained by
the people, except in those radical sections of the
country, where, on this subject, theyare "joined
to their idols" and forget the interests of the white
man in prosecuting their projects of false philan-
thropy for the black race.
The late local elections throughout the country,
and particularly in the great West, in which the
Democracy and other conservative men of the
country have achieved the most complete and in
many instances unexpected victories, are but the
mutterings of a storm of indignation which will
sweep over the entire country, hurling from place
those who persist in using this Government for
their personal interest and political preferment,
while the public Treasury is bleeding to the amount
of millions per day, (and which is to be replen-
ished by ail exorbitant and oppressive system of
taxation,) and while thousands of our brave coun-
trymen are laying down their lives upon the bat-
tle-field , leaving homes desolate and friends discon-
solate, to restore the Government as it was prior
to the election of the present Chief Magistrate.
Sir, I indulge in no idle prediction when I say
that the people neither East nor West will much
longer be made the dupes of politicians and spec-
ulators, for the pitiful consideration of a little
worn-out " twaddle about the negro" and "negro
slavery," and for the still less beneficial consider-
ation of having their fertile and beautiful country
overrun byan ignorantand vicious population of
worthless negroes, to annoy and disturb society,
driving from employment white persons who rely
on daily labor for their support.
Another, and to my mind most probable mo-
tive in sending to Congress the message alluded
to, was to inaugurate a policy looking to an ulti-
mate separation of the Gulf States from the Con-
federacy, and to enlarge the area of a northern
confederacy of free States. I have ever been sat-
isfied that, with all the pretenses of the leadino-
members of the Republican party of devotion to
the Union, a majority of them do not in reality
desire to see the Union exist as it was, but desire
that slavery shall either be abolished in all the
States,orthatanorthern confederacy of free States
shall be established, in which they may rule su-
preme. The latter result would be most accept-
able to the capitalists of the eastern Slates, to
whom we of the West are made tiibutariesin all
things. If a southern confederacy should main-
tain control, as it would, of the Mississippi river,
that great natural outlet for our commerce, this
would force us for all time to come, as it has since
the rebellion, to find an outlet to the eastern cities
for our trade, and thus become tributaries to their
commercial interests upon their own terms.
We have had an illustration on a small scale
during the last few months of the manner in which
eastern capitalists would make us subservient to
their interests, by the manner in which the rail-
road interests of the country have been identified
with the Government. For several months the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, one of the principal
thoroughfares of the country, which was in places
destroyed at the beginning of the rebellion, has
remained obstructed, from the fact that the Gov-
ernment has not afforded it that protection which
was in its power. And this is said to have arisen
from the fact that the late Secretary of War and
his immediate friends were largely interested in
another rival thoroughfare, which has been dur-
ing that time monopolizing the transportation of
freight, passengers, troops, and munitions of war,
upon such terms as its managers might demand;
and the consequence has been that our produce
has been taxed to advance the interests of these
patriotic gentlemen, as is evidenced from the fact
lhat since the first-named road has been opened
there has been a reduction on freight of some five
dollars on the ton between Cincinnati and the east-
ern cities, which amount now goes into the pock-
ets of our people instead of those of eastern rail-
road capitalists. I only mention this as an instance,
less important, of the manner in which we of the
West are made to play into the hands of eastern
capitalists for the consideration of their coopera-
tion on the negro question.
The late Secretary of War, Mr. Cameron,
while his Department was committing the most
gross abuses—according to the statements of his
political friends—was loudest in his protestations
of devotion to the anti-slavery cause. In propor-
tion as these abuses grew extreme in his Depart-
ment; he grew extreme in his views, until he be-
came the great champion of the radicals on this
subject, receiving their unqualified approbation
and applause.
Some months ago the country was thrown into
a state of alarm by a letter of Secretary Seward,
(an eastern gentleman also,) addressed to the
Governors, of various States, intimating the ne-
cessity of immediately strengthening our coast
defenses. Some of the States have proceeded to
expend money, as suggested, in increasing their
defenses, and it is proposed to reimburse them
from the Federal Treasury; a bill is now before
one of the committees of the House to receive
loans from the States in which such defenses are
situated, and to issue the bonds of the Govern-
ment to the amount so accepted, which is nothing
more than the Government issuing its bonds to
those States that they may convert them to their
use in what they may be pleased to call strength-
ening their "coast defenses." What the proba-
bilities of "foreign intervention" were at the
time, which was supposed to be the cause of the
extraordinary letter from the able Secretary of
State, he was best qualified to determine, although
he has in more than one instance proven to be no
prophet. But this much the far-seeing Secretary
well knew, that whether foreign intervention took
place or not, his State and his section would lose
nothing by these precautions, as all, or nearly
all, the money expended by the Government in
■this way would go into the hands of eastern gen-
tlemen.
Now, since for a time apprehensions of foreign
intervention have subsided, it is mooted that it
may be necessary to not only strengthen but re-
model our whole system of coast defenses, for
which very large appropriations must be made,
and a host of additional officers be appointed, for
fear an iron-clad steamer, down about Norfolk,
called the Merrimac, may slip into some of the
harbors of the great eastern cities and lay them in
ashes before their citizens shall be aware of her
approach, an occurrence certainly less probable
than foreign intervention was some months ago.
Again, we have before Congress a bill for a
Pacific railroad, a measure which, in a proper
form, at a proper time, would receive the assent
of most of our people; but On examination of the
bill, there will be found a clause requiring the iron
used m the construction of the road to be of Amer-
ican manufacture, without regard to its cost; and
