1702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
-Tha^crime denounced and_ intended to be
punished by it, though nofcdenominated, yet, from
the language used, it is quite clear is meant treason,
In the definition of treason by that third sec-
tion the language is nearly identical with that used
by the statute of 25 Edward III, to define treason
in England. Her courts and the Supreme Court
of the United States have ruled that the words,
"adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort/'found both in the act of Parliament and
our Constitution, mean by the term " enemies,"
not a portion of the people of either country in a
state of insurrection or rebellion, but a foreign na-
tion with which the countries respectively are at
war. Wherefore il the giving aid and comfort to
the existing rebellion" cannot be made treason
by an act of Congress.
2. " No person shall be convicted of treason unless on
the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or
confession in open court."
This bill does not require the testimony of two
witnesses, or one witness, or any confession in
open court, or any overt act, or any conviction in
tne cases comprehended by its first section. It
assumes the guilt, without trial and conviction,
* and withouttestimony or confession, and without
overt act or guilty intention, of an indefinite num-
ber of persons, and authorizes officers, civil or
military, to be designated by the President to
brand whom they will as criminals and traitors
by seizing their property upon such imputation;
and if they seize the slaves of a loyal man in his
own possession, to regain them he is required
not only to prove his right to his slaves but also
his loyalty to the Government of the United States
during the whole existence of the rebellion. This
view also establishes that the bill, ifenactcd, would
be unconstitutional and void.
3. The terms " confiscation " and " forfeiture "
have the same character of legal significance; but
the latter, being of the broader import, includes
the former. This third section says:
"No attainder [judgment] of treason shall work corrup-
tion of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the per-
son attainted."
The bill declares the forfeiture of property in
general language, without restriction as to the
time of its continuance and effect. But for this
limitation of forfeiture in this provision of the
Constitution, under the bill, it would be in per-
petuity. Thus another unconstitutional objection
to the measure is established.
In the still remaining doubt whether this bill is
not subject to the objection of being ex post facto,
I will here say a word in exposition of that prin-
ciple. Any law which makes an act a crime
which was not criminal when it was done, or if
then a crime, aggravates its enormity or punish-
ment, or requires different or less evidence to con-
vict, an offender than was requisite when the of-
fense was committed, is ex post facto. Laws which
would inflict pecuniar}'' penalties, or forfeitures
of property, or which would increase them after
the criminal act, would be subject to the same
constitutional objection. (Sec Story's Commen-
taries on Constitution, sec. 1339,and Fletcher vs.
JE^ck, (> Cranch, 138.)
Mr. President, I have not heard any Senator
controvert the positions, that where a citizen is
under prosecution for treason, orany other ciime,
and is being tried for the purpose of personal
punishment, that he must first be indicted by a
grand jury, be brought publicly to trial in a court
within the State and district where the crime is
charged to have been committed, tried by an
impartial jury thereof, confronted with the wit-
nesses against him, and have the benefit of coun-
sel.
It is often contended that the law may declare
the forfeiture of the property of a criminal as a
part of his punishment, and the title of his prop-
erty may be vested by the law in the United
States upon the commission of the ofFcnse, and
the courts be authorized to proceed against the
property in rem, and try, without the intervention
of a jury, whether the crime which raused the
forfeiture had been, in fact, committed,and order
the sale or discharge of the property, as it might
adjudge that fact; but never, until the present
session of Congress, have I known the position
to be assumed that property, so declared to be for-
feited, could be seized and sold, the sale pass the
title to the purchaser, and the proceeds to be paid
into the Treasury of the United States, and the
owner to be thus forever deprived of his property
and all compensation for it, without any finding
of a jury or judgment of a court. Such a course
of procedure is not allowable; it is unconstitu-
tional; it is monstrous 1 I am aware that for a
violation of the revenue and other laws of the
United States, property connected with such vio-
lations is directed by those laws to be seized, and
the validity of such seizures has been sustained
by all our courts; and that those courts have pro-
ceeded, in conformity to the provisions of those
acts of Congress, in rem, against the property
they declare to be forfeited, and have, by their
judgment and decree, ordered itto be sold for the
benefit of the United States and private individ-
uals connected with its seizure; but so far as I
know, or am informed, no court of the United
States ever decided that the property of a citizen
could be taken from him and sold, and he be di-
vested forever of his right to it, and of all com-
pensation for it, without the inquiry and judg-
ment of a court, whether the state of fact which
was to produce the forfeiture had occurred. I
believe that Congress has never yet passed an
act dispensing with such inquiry and judgment.
Even in a state of war with a foreign nation, such
a proceeding is required in reiationto theenemy's
property captured on the high seas. In the case
of Gelston vs. Hoyt, (3 Wheaton, 24fi,) the Su-
preme Court decided that:
" By the Constitution the judicial power of the United
States extends to all cases of law and equity, arising under
the Constitution, laws, and ueaties of thu United States.,
and to all eases of admiralty and maritime juns.diction ; and
by the judicial y act of 1789 (ehaptei 20, section 9,) tliedi.--
tuct couitsare invested with exclusive original juusdiction
of all causes of admiialty and maritime jui isdicUon, and of
all ^mirps on land oi water, and of all suits lor penalties
and fines under the laws of the United State*; and conse-
quently, the light to decide upon the same, by the very
tonus of the statute, exclu-ivelj belongs to the pi oper courts
of the United States, and lt/lepends upon the final decree
of the couit, in rem, whether the teizute is to be adjudged
rightful or tortous. If a sentence of condemnation be pio-
nounced, it is conclusive that a foi (eiture is ineuned ; if a
sentence of acquittal, it is equally conclusive against the
forfeiture—and m either case the question cannot be liti-
gated in any other foiuin."
Accordant is the case of Slocum vs. Mayberry.
(2 Wheaton, 3.) These cases recognize the plain
piinciplc, that the question of the forfeiture of
property under the laws of Congress, is in every
case a judicial question, the decision of which be-
longs, both by the Constitution and the judiciary
act of 1789, exclusively to the United States courts.
Congress has no power to transfer the decision of
such questions to any other tribunal, or magis-
tracy, or itself, to decide them.
It will be observed that those cases sustain the
validity of laws for the forfeiture and seizure of
property, and its condemnation by courts by pro-
ceedings in rem, only for infractions of the iev-
enue laios, and other laws relating to trade or civil
polity. There may be found in other decisions
dicta which intimate or even declare that Con-
gress may pass laws for the forfeiture, seizure,
and sale by courts in proceedings in rem of prop-
erty for offenses that are mala in se, as well as for
those that are only mala prohibila. But I have not
been able to find a case in which the question of
a difference between the two classes of cases, in
respect to the right of the owner of the property
to have the question of the fact of foifeiture to be
tried by a jury, was decided, or argued, or made.
Indeed, I have notobserved any casein which that
question was directly decided, argued, or made, in
relation to the forfeiture of property for offenses
mala prohibila. I feel a good deal of confidence that
as to offenses mala in se the question is undecided
and open, and ought to be decided by a just and
true understanding oftheConstitutionand'the laws
of Congress.
I maintain that all forfeitures of property are
intended, and in fuctaie punishments of the owners
! of such property for some actual or constructive
| default or offense of the owner or person having
j the control of such property. The notions im-
ported by the phrases " guilty property "and "the
punishment of property," are absurd and nonsen-
sical. Property, except slaves, is wholly incapa-
blo of guilt and impervious to punishment. It is
unconscious, insensate, far away both from guilt
and punishment. But its forfeiture does punish
the owner, and forfeiture of property is often only
less grievous punishment than forfeiture of life.
"When judges and courts use the phrases " enemy
property" and " guilty property," it is to express
its particular situation without a multiplicity of
words.
I admit that laws 'may be so framed as to pun-
ish a criminal by separate proceedings in court,
both personally and by forfeiture of his property;
and that an arrest of the person of the criminal,
and his trial and conviction, are not necessary to
authorize a judgment for the forfeiture of his es-
tate where the law provides for such separate pro-
ceedings. But where the proceedings are separated,
to produce a constitutional and valid forfeiture of
either life or property, there must be judicial pro-
ceedings, and a judgment of a court establishing
the facts upon which the forfeiture is to enstse. A
person guilty of treason may be made to answer
for it by two distinct trials in court, and by two
kinds of punishment, after the law shall have so
provided—the one by the loss of life, and the other
by the loss of property. By both modes the com-
mission of the crime by him has necessarily to be
inquired of and adjudged by the court where either
the crime or criminal is tried; in both, the crim-
inal is punished; but in neither is there, nor can
there be, any punishment of the crime.
The Constitution asserts that " the trial of all
crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall be
by jury;" and also that "in all criminal prosecu-
tions the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial by an impartiaHun/," &c. The
first provision is in the original Constitution, and
requires " the trial of all crimes to be by jury;"
1 the second is an amendment, and requires " the
accused in all criminal prosecutions*3 to be also tried
by a jury. It is within the power of Congress to
pass a prospective law attaching the additional
punishment of the forfeiture of his property for
liis lifetime to the criminal. The judicial power
of the United States courts would extend to all
cases arising under such a law, and every case
would have to be instituted according to the forms
of judicial proceedings,and is directed by the Con-
stitution to be tried by a jury. Because this bill
is arranged so as to evade that mode of trial, also,
it is in conflict with that instrument.
And yet it is liable to another constitutional
objection. It provides for the forfeiture of prob-
ably millions of slaves, who are scattered all over
the fifteen slave States, and declares them all to
be immediately free, and leaves them in that con-
dition in the States where the Iq^w will act upon
them to make this change in their condition. Con-
gresshas no expressly granted or incidental power
to emancipate these slaves. In relation to each
slave State, the freedom or thralldom of their slaves
is a great question of domestic State polity, over
which Congress or the United States Government
has no jurisdiction. It is a matter of transcendent
interest and importance to most of those States,
and no conceivable measure, or spoliation, short
of stripping them of all their lands, would, for the
present or the future, approximate the magnitude
of this measure. It would take from the cotton
States the bulk of all their worldly wealth, and
reduce them to poverty, wretchedness, and de-
spair; and they will neversuccumb to itwhile they
can raise an arm to resist it. Congress has nei-
ther the expressly delegated nor implied power to
liberate these slaves. The implied powers can
only be such as are appropriate to the execution
of some express power, and must be merely an-
cillary and incidental to such express power. On
the pretext of invoking assistance to execute an
express power, Congress cannotassume a greater
and more extensive one, particularly one so for-
midable as to enable it, as to fifteen States, to
break down the great principle of our complicated
system—that all the internal affairs of the States
are exclusively under their own governments.
I ask to know what enumerated power of the
Government is to be executed, or to be assisted
in its execution, by Congress seizing upon the
power to liberate millions of sla\cs. It is not
I necessary to enable the Government to subdue the
rebellion. Indeed, it would strengthen the rebel-
lion by energising with despair the rebels, and
producing with thousands and tens of thousands
of loyal men, in thefreeas well as the slave States,
a feeling of alarm, revulsion, and condemnation
for an act of usurpation so flagrant and dangerous.
Congress could omit all forfeiture of the slaves;
but that is the not denied pretext to give a sem-
