1862.
blance of power to free them. To coin money,
could Congress seize all the jewelry and plate
which is owned by the American people? To
canyon the war against the rebellion, could itrob
all the banks of the United States? No Union
citizen that 1 have ever heard of has asked that
this war be conducted by the United States for the
defense of slavery, or objected to slaves bein°-foi-
feited like other property. AH that the ifnion
slaveholders ask tor slave property is, that it shall
be treated by Congress and the Government and
the Ann y impartially and equally like other prop-
crty; and if by such course slavery is to be dam-
aged or to fall by the war, they will make no
complaint; but they do, will forever, protest that
the war shall not be made a crusade against sla-
very.
But while we admit the power of Congress to
pass laws for the forfeiture of slaves for the life
of the owner who has committed treason, upon
another ground we deny its power to emancipate
them. " Forfeiturc"and " confiscation"are tech-
nical terms terms of legal art. They have a pre-
cise arid well-understood legal meaning, as much
so as "bill of attainder," " ex post facto law,"
writ of" habeas corpus," and other legal phrases
embodied in the Constitution. The meaning of
these terms was fixed by their adoption in the
Constitution, and the meaning of each is just the
same now that it was when the Constitution was
formed. Congress has no power to change that
meaning, for that would be to change, pro tanto,
the Constitution. Congress has power to add the
forfeiture of property, and make it a part of the
punishment for treason. It may do in relation to
the property of persons guilty of treason exactly
what is imported by the term forfeiture. Black-
stone, and all the authors who treat of it, define
it Co be—
"A punishment annexed by Jaw to some illegal actor
negligence in the owner ofjands, tenement^ hereditaments
or peisonaltv, whereby he lo^esali his interest therein, and
they 50 to tin; party injured as rccotajicmc tor the wron"
winch either he alone, or the public with him, hath feud-
tamed."
Tile essential feature of forfeiture is not so much
to deprive the one party of the forfeited property
as it is to appropriate it to the other as compensa-
tion. It was once contended in the Supreme Court
that the importation ofgoods into the United States
was only to biing them into the country, and did
not comprehend their after sale; but that court
decided that sale, was of the essence of importa-
tion and a part of it. Appropriation of the for-
feited property to the injured party is no less a
part, and of the essence of forfeiture; and I chal-
lenge my learned friend, the Senator from Mich-
igan, to adduce a single instance of forfeiture or
confiscation by legislative action, in this or any
other country, where the property forfeited was
not so appropriated. The acts of foifeiture and
confiscation of the Slates, in the warofthe Revolu-
tion, to which he leforrcd us, transferred all the
forfeited property to the States severally. Three
or four of them were slave States, and 'the prop-
erty confiscated by them included slaves, which,
alike with all other property, was appropriated to
the States. The idea of the forfeiture of property
by law, without appropriating it, is one of the
mischievous errors of tins innovatmgand reckless
age. The provisions of the bill relating to slaves
would not come up to the measure of foifeiture,
and would be\oid for incompleteness and imper-
fection.
Mr. President, I should like to speak from half
an hour to an hour longer. I have not concluded
my lemarks. I have some, of great importance
as I deem, yet to make. I feel a good deal ex-
hausted, as u is my habit to speak vehemently.
I would therefore throw myself upon the courtesy
of the Senate, and ask that they proceed now to
the consideration of some other business and allow
me to conclude my remarks (which I piomise to
make as short as I can) to-mouow.
M.. SUMNER. If the Senat. >r will give way,
I move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of exycutivd business. That will leave the
Senator in possession of the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I tlumk you, sir.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1763
uxucirrrvii session.
O11 motion of Mr. SUMMER the Senate pro-
ceeded to the eonsiueratiun of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 92, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stocktox,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ARREST OF SIMON CAMERON.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the UnitedStates trans-
mitting to Congress a copy of a correspondence
between the Secretary of State and Benjamin H.
Brewster, of Philadelphia, relative to the arrest m
that city of Simon Cameron, late Secretary of
War, at the suit of Pierce Butler, for trespass vl
et nrmis, assault and battery, and false imprison-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to bo printed.
SURETIES OF GEORGE MARSHALL.
The SPEAKER. The question in order is the
consideration of House bill No. 412, for the re-
lief of the sureties on the bond of George j\^arshall,
late postmaster at Valatie, New York. Shall the
bill be engrossed and read a third time?
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DUNN. My colleague, [Mr. Colfax,]
the chairman of the Commiltee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, is not present, and I hope that
iais bill will not be pressed to its passage at this
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill is now properly be-
fore the House, and now is the time to consider it.
On ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time there wire, on a division—ayes 16,
noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, moved that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MALL011Y moved that the House ad-
journ; and on that motion demanded the yeas and
yays.
1110 yeas and nays were ordered.
1 he question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yea 1, nays 95; as follows:
YEA—Mi. Timvbiulae—1.
NA Vs—AUhicli, Allen, Arnold, Asllley, Babbitt
Joseph Baiiy, Baker, JBeunun. Blddle, Blilpliam, Fianeis
I>. Clair, Jacob IS. lilaii, ISkiki', William O. Brown, Buffin-
Ion. O.ilveit, C.i^ey, Chambeiiin. Clement^, CoHhx, Fml-
eriek A. Conklimr. Iloseoc Conkhn<r, Cusfiehi, Cutler,
Davis, Diveu, DuHI, Dunl.ip, Dunn, EdwaiiN, Kliot, Ely,
denton, Fianchot, Frank, Good win, Giringoi, Guilty, Hall,
Hanciiott, Ilajcfmc, Hanson. Hickman, lloopei, Hutciiins,
Kellcy, Fiasiri* W. Keller, Knapp, Law. Lazeai, Loomis,
Lovejoy. McKiu^ht, Mcl'hei-sou, Malloi v', Menzn>\ Muolt-
eJI, Mow head, J n-iin ri. Moini), Nixon,'Noble, Noeli, Nu-
gen, Olm, Patton, Timothy G Phelps Potter, Potter,
Price, John H Uiee, Edwaid II. Rollins James S. Rollins,
Saiecnt, Shanks, fchethekl, Sli'-Uabsuger, Simili, John B.
Steele, Stev'im. Str<u>on. Butt,),imiu F. Tlmmn*, Francis
Thomas Tumble, Vailandisrham, Van Iloin, Van Vaiken-
buisii, Vihhanl, Wall, F. P. Walron. Waul, Albeit S.
Wime. Wiivon, Windom, WoodiuJl', «.tud Woice^ter—95.
So tho House refused to adjourn.
Daring the roll-call,
Mr. S TEELE, of New York, stated that Mr.
Kaigiit was detained, from the House by sick-
ness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
oidering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, for the purpose of remind-
ing the House a^ain of the natuie of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot with-
draw it, as the mam question has been already
01 tiered; but the gentleman having reported the
bill, has a nghf to close the deluito.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill is a bill to relieve the
sureties of George Marshal!, formerly postmaster
at Valatie, in the State of New Yoik. It simply
proposes to refund to them the amount of money
which they paid into the Treasury of the United
Statesus sureties of this man, under protest. The
equities of the bill aie simplythese: tbePostOffice
law expressly provides that, it shall be the duty
(I quote its words) of the Postmaster General to
put m suit the bonds of a deputy postmaster in
case of a three months' or quarter's default. The
accounts rendered by the Post Office Department
show that, instead of putting this bond in suit at \
the end of ;i ihree months' default, the Postmas- 1
tor General allowed seven consecutive quarters of !
defaults to go without any suit at all, and that was
the basis of the protest of the sureties. The test-
imony shows further, that the Postmaster Gen-
eral never moved in the matter until the office
became vacant, in consequence of the withdrawal
of the postmaster from the State; in short, he ab-
sconded, and when there was no postmaster left
at this place to plunder the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, the PostmasterG-eneralthen deemed it
time enough for him to comply with the require-
ments of the law, and he put the bond in suitafter
seven quarters' default, in face of the protest of the
sureties.
Now, everybody knows that by the general laws
of the States the sureties upon ordinary paper are
allowed to give notice to the holder of the paper
that he shall put his bond m suit or they will not
hold themselves longer bound, and if he refuses"
10*   ■'thcy are accordingly discharged.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman allow me to
make an inquiry?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly I will.
. , *• O^IN. Has there been a report printed
m this case?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no report printed,
foi the reason that the case has been long before '
Congress. It was reported in the last Congress
by the Judiciary Committee—I do not remember
whether there was a printed report or not—and
was placed upon the Private Calendar; but it was
not reached. I have only to say further to the
gentleman that 1 represent here his own constitu-
ents in this matter,under the orderofthe House,
men whom I have never seen and of whom I know
nothing, except that one of his former colleagues
has loprosented to me that they are gentlemen of
excellent character, and thatwhatis stated in their
petition is undoubtedly true, and our investigation
through the Post Office Department, I am free to
say, confirms their statement to the letter.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman's statement con-
strains me to say one word, and it is siniply this:
that if they were my constituents, I do not sup-
pose that would alter the law of the case in the
slightest degree. I wish to state further, that it
has become the common understanding of the
country that tins matter of sureties given for the
faithful performance of duties by postmasters and
other persons in official positions has come to be
a perfect farce, and that whenever a default is
made or a breach of public duty committed, no
security can be had by the Government by a resort
to official bonds.
Now, I do not know what this case is; but one
fact is, I understand, conceded, and that is that
there was a voluntary payment of money by the
sureties without suit, and thcy now ask an act of
Congress to refund that money.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
mc. It was not a voluntary payment. It was a
payment under protest, and under the instruction
of their counsel, which I say was well given, that
he could not plead the default of a Government
officer m voidance of their bond, and I say that
that was good law.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentletnan permit me?
Mi. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me.
Mr. OLIN. Well, I will sec whether the Chair
will excuse me.
Mr. BINGHAM. His remark was certainly
very far-fetched.
Mr. OLIN. No, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me. I will teach him some manners, if he docs
not know any. I say that it was a very far-fetched
remark of the gentleman, that my statement to him
that the persons whom I represent are his constit-
uents implied that he ought therefore to vote for
the bill. It implied no such thing, and he had no
right to make the intimation that I implied any
such imputation upon him. 1 was simply remind-
ing him that I was standing here m discharge of
the duty imposed upon me by the House to in-
vestigate and report upon a ease which had rela-
tion to two of his'immediate constituents. That
was all; neither more nor less. Now, sir, 1 beg
leave to say to him that he does his constituents
injustice, and contradicts their statement here
upon record, when he says that they paid this
money voluntarily and without protest. They
paid it under the coercion of a suit.
I have but a word further to say about this mat-
ter. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Porter]
