1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2723
sires further to state that it leads to this result: a
very material provision may have been incorpo-
rated in a bill by the concurrent action of both
branches, and in a very material bill too, if you
please, an appropriation bill, and the committee
of conference, under this construction, may strike
it out, and there being but a single question before
the Senate, of concurring in the report of the com-
mittee, the whole of the appropriation bill must
fall, or that provision which has been concurred
in by both branches must go out. The Chair
calls the attention of the Senate to it, and rules it
as in his opinion out of parliamentary law.
Mr. FOOT. I am very glad the President of
the Senate has called the attention of the Senate
to a case of this kind, which has occurred as stated
by the Chair  s
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may be
allowed to state that there is another bill on the
table in which the same facts appear.
Mr. FOOT. The decision ofthe Chair, or rather
the statement and ruling ofthe Chair, is eminently
proper and in accordance with well settled parlia-
mentary law; for there is no rule of parliamentary
practice better settled than that the jurisdiction of
a committee of conference is strictly confined to
the disagreeing votes between the two Houses. It
is entirely without their jurisdiction to interfere
with, or to modify in any respect, what the two
Houses have agreed upon. In the very terms of
their appointment their jurisdiction is limited to
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. If there
are any precedents to the contrary, those prece-
dents are no precedents at all, but only instances of
invasions of the rights of legislation which belong
to the two bodies, and which no committee can
interfere with after the two Houses have agreed
upon any proposition. The remedy is to recom-
mit, I suppose, to the committee of conference.
Mr. POWELL. If it is in order, I will move
to recommit this hill to the committee of confer-
ence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. POWELL. I make that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree with the principle
as to the power of a committee of conference as
stated by the Chair, and the honorable Senator
from Vermont. Still, there have been some prece-
dents to the contrary within my own knowledge,
and there are cases m which it may be necessary
to do more than is permitted to the committee by
parliamentary rules. I have myself, in making a
report of a committee of conference, found that
there was an error in a bill, and in a part of it,
agreed toby both Houses, which made it entirely
inconsistent and worked absolute injury. In that
case, under the direction of a committee of confer-
ence, after completing the report upon the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses, I have drawn an
addition, that the committee of conference recom-
mends to the two Houses in such a provision, for
instance, specifying it, that the following change
be made, so that it will read in such a manner;
and that has been agreed to by both Houses. It
was read at length and explained to each House,
and that was valid.
Now, for instance, take the tax bill which is
under the hands at the present time of a commit-
tee of conference. It may be very possible that
we shall find in so large a bill a gross inconsist-
ency which renders it doubtful what the construc-
tion is, or makes a construction exactly different
from what was intended. What shall we do in
such a case ? Shall wc go through all the forms of
legislation again and make a new bill, or shall we
simply say at the end of our report, the commit-
tee recommend that in such a section the following
change be made? If it is made and incorporated
into the bill and the two Houses agree to it, it be-
comes a part of the bill; and in many cases it is
absolutely necessary to do it. The rule, therefore,
is not stringent. The body may recommitthe bill
if it pleases and may send it back to the commit-
tee, because that provision has been agreed to be-
fore; but it is very singular, if it is found that a
bill in that stage which has received a great deal
of consideration lias in it an error, (and it is im-
possible always to avoid them, especially in long
bills,) that it is notin the power ofthe two Houses
by a vote, on a recommendation of a committee of
conference, to change that, and make 11 what it was
intended and what it should be. We are not so
bound down by rules and precedents that we can-
not make a tiling right; but I do think it is travel-
ing entirely out ofthe ordinary coarse of proceed-
ing and ought never to be acceded to, for a com-
mittee of conference, when a bill has been agreed
to, and there is no error to be corrected, to under-
take to change the framework of any section and
make it convey a d ifferentidea fro m that which was
intended. The rule is undoubtedly as stated; but
there have been exceptions to it, and in the nature
of things there must be exceptions for the good of
legislation. The power is a dangerous one; and
when a committee undertake really to modify
what has been agreed to, when it contains no er-
ror, when there is nothing to be corrected, I think
it is traveling too far, and it should be recommitted
under such circumstances. But I desire to enter
my protest against the strict rule that a committee
cannotrecommend to the two branches a change or
a modification if they see fit to do so. In such a case
either House can refuse to adopt the recommenda-
tion and recommitthe bill; but if it is adopted by a
vote, certainly the two Houses have the power to
adopt it and make it what they think fit.
Mr. HOWE. The question I understand now
to be on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky
to recommit this report to the committee of con-
ference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the pend-
ing question.
Mr. HOWE. The motion is already ruled to
be in order. It occurred to me, however, that it
might rather transcend the powers of the Senate
to recommit a report to a committee of conference
made up from tne two Houses. The committee
of conference has reported to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the House has concurred in the
report; and I should suppose the duties of the con-
ference committee and the committee itself were
disorganized And disbanded. It occurred to me
that the proper way to get it before a committee
again was for the Senate, if it saw fit, to non-con-
cur in this report, and to ask for another commit-
tee of conference.
However that may be, I want to say one word,
if the Senate will allow me, in reference to this
report. That by the constitution of a committee
of conference its jurisdiction is limited to the sev-
eral disagreeing votes between the two Houses, 1
conceive, indeed, there is no doubt; but that the
law is absolutely settled against their making any
other recommendation to the two Houses except
upon the disagreeing votes I think is not so clear.
The only rule I can find of this body upon the
subject is the first joint rule, which is:
" 1. fn every case of an amendment of a bill agreed to iil
one House, and dissented to in the other, if eitlier House
shall request a conference, and appoint a committee for that
purpose, and the other House shall also appoint a commit-
tee to confer, such committee shall, at a convenient lioui,
to be agreed upon by their chairmen, meet in the confer
ence chamber, and state to each other, vei bally or in writing,
as either shall choose, the reasons of their respective Houses
for and against the amendments, and coufei fieely thereon."
So much for the rule. The Manual which we
refer to cites a decision of the English House of
Commons, made almost one hundred and ninety
years ago, against this practice. I have looked
into that authority, and find it arose upon a bill to
exclude papists from both Houses of Parliament
and from the Court. Of course there was a good
deal of feeling enlisted about the bill. A com-
mittee of conference was raised and met 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will allow me, I will amend my motion now
under consideration. I will move that the Senate
non-concur in the report and recommit it.
Mr. HOWE. I entirely acquiesce in the amend-
ment, of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
how this matter is drawn up in the report. Is it
in the shape of a recommendation?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thathasbeen done very
frequently; and therefore if it is right we may just
as well act upon it.
Mr. HOWE. The chairman of the committee
on the part of the House of Commons reported to
the House certain modifications of the bill, sug-
gested by the members of the committee repre-
senting the Lords. Those amendments were
objectionable to the House, and a committee was
appointed to assign reasons against them. The
first reason assigned was that it was against the
usage of Parliament fora committee of conference
to recommend amendments in portions of the bill
which had been agreed to by both Houses. Then
they went on to assign wbat their real objections
were to the amendments which the cgpimittee had
reported, and a new committee of conference was
appointed. That the House of Lords did notthink
the first reason assigned by the Commons a very
potential one is made manifest bv the fact that the
next committee simply reported a modification of
the first amendment. The amendment reported
by the first committee, and suggested by the com-
mittee on the part of the House of Lords, was to
exempt from the exclusion certain servants of the
Q,ueen, household servants. The second com-
mittee, instead of waiving that amendment alto-
gether, limited the number. That was just as
much a violation of this law as the first amend-
ment was; but when the House appointed a new
committee to assign reasons against this modifica-
tion they waived entirely the first objection that
it was contrary to the usage of Parliament, and
that was no longer heard of in that debate. This is
the only authority of law I find upon the subject.
I am told—of course I (Jo not speak from my
own knowledge—that there are numerous prece-
dents for this in the practice of both Houses of
Congress. This is a simple recommendation on
the part of the committee to the two Houses to
adopt a modification of the first section, which is
thought to be necessary to make this section of
the bill conform more nearly to the law as it exists
in the different States. The House has already
concurred in it. It is a matter about which I have
not the least feeling in the world; I care not whether
it is concurred in by the Senate or not; but I am
not so sure that it is advisable for the Senate, by
its action here, to establish an immutable law that
no recommendation can be made by a conference
committee beyond that upon the identical votss
upon which the two Houses disagreed. If this is
not an instance, it may hereafter become very es-
sential that such a jurisdiction should be allowed
to such a committee. Of course no recommenda-
tion of theirs, either upon a vote upon which the
two Houses are or are not agreed, binds either
House. If they do not like the matter of the rec-
ommendation, of course they will not concur in it;
but if they do, if both Houses do like the matter
ofthe recommendation, I do not see any good rea-
son why they should refuse to consider it, simply
because it came from a committee of conference.
Mr. FOOT. I do not see that there is any dif-
ference of opinion between the different members
who have addressed the Senate on this question.
The Chair has stated the rule correctly: that the
jurisdiction ofacomnnttee of conference is confined
to the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. They
may recommend that either House recede from
the whole or any portion of theiramendments, or
that either House recede from its disagreement to
any particular vote of the other House, or they
may concur in certain amendments with amend-
ments proposed by the committee of conference
themselves. That is all legitimate, and within
their jurisdiction; but when they step outside of
that and attempt to modify, to change the text of
the bill in any part wherein the two Houses have
agreed, it is outside of their jurisdiction. At the
same time, it is well enough, it is proper, perhaps,
as a matter of practical convenience, if they find
a manifest error in any portion of the text, not-
withstanding the two Houses have concurred in
it, to bring it to the notice of the two Houses, and
if acceptable to the Houses, they may adopt the
suggestion, or recommendation, if you please, of
the committee,and it undoubtedly becomes a valid
law; if, otherwise, it is not acceptable to the two
Houses, and it being brought to their notice it is
found they have gone beyond their jurisdiction,
and changed the matter materially and in a manner
which is not acceptable to the two Houses, of
course they will reject it for that reason. I am not
aware, however, that there is any change in this
report but what would he entirely acceptable to
the two Houses, and in which they might concur.
Mr. HOWE. Mi. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire, if my friend
will allow me, whether there is any objection on
the part of anybody to this recommendation on
the part of the committee, or is it a mere matter
of form ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair knows
of no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no objection
we may as well adopt it, as the House has adopted
it, and it will become a law.
