1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
3Tth Cons....2d Sess.
Emancipation and its Results, &c.—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
own State ? Our soldiers will endure great sacri-
fices, if they think that they are planting the flag
over States where it hag been shamelessly dishon-
ored, and if they believe that the United States,
as they have been made by our Constitution and
constellated by time, are to be again enstarred in
full brilliancy. But when you make men home-
less, when you crape the doors and bedew the
eyes of the bereaved; when bloody calamity dark-
ens the hearth and heavy taxes oppress labor,
there must be no ambiguity of policy.
Yo*u wish to put down this rebellion; yet you
despise the counsels of the Union men ofthe South,
who tell you that your anti-slavery crusade adds
to the rebel army day after day thousands of sol-
diers and to the southern treasury millions of
Ynoney. You presume on their forbearance, not
caring to know that their lips are often sealed here,
because bydenouncingyou,the secession element,
which is kept alive by your actio.n in their States,
will point to their denunciations of their conduct
as a justification of the rebellion. You will justify
this crime to history, provided only your venge-
ance and your election are made sure.
Sir, I fear and distrust much which I cannot,
from motives of prudence and patriotism, utter.
Is it the policy here, as it would seem to be, to
force the Union men South into some rash ex-
pression or act, by such proclamations as Hun-
ter's, and such legislation as we have had, and
then to charge this rashness as an excuse for con-
verting the war into a St. Domingo insurrection,
.turning the South into one utter desolation ? Is it in
anticipation of this that we have arms for negroes
sent to South Carolina and Louisiana? We can
get no information on these subjects, though we
strive for it. Are wc to be deceived by the pre-
varication of this Congress in regard to extreme
measures? In the mean time, are these extreme
measures to be taken as the Army advances with
its triumphant flag? In the name of God, is no
man's hand to be raised to retard the downward,
hellward course of these extreme men ? Will not
the President at once leap to fill the niche in his-
tory pointed out to him by my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden?] He has done so many
noble acts, in spite of the lashings of his friends,
will he not change this equivocal situation and
give us reassurance in our doubt and trouble, like
that which inspired his proclamation, and like that
which dictated the Crittenden resolve? Such as-
surance would make the country ring with his
praises. It would make our taxation light, our
duty clear, and our patriotism resplendent beyond
all that is written in the annals of man.
I trace the murmurs of discontent which come
to us from Army and people to the alliance be-
tween Republicans and abolitionists. That al-
liance may be natural, but it is not patriotic. The
Philadelphia platform of no more slave States,
and Republicanism with its Chicago dogma of no
more slave territory, may be innocent in inten-
tion, but, allied with abolitionism, with its raids
and war upon slavery everywhere, and its de-
fiance of the Constitution, it is crime.
Is this alliance the forerunner of that perfect
Union when " liberty shall be proclaimed through-
out all the land and to all the inhabitants thereof?"
Is it the dawn of that millennial day which shall
reflect back the saber, the musket, and the torch
in the hands of the enfranchised African, already
urged and voted for by thirty members of this
House?
We want no more poetry about striking off
chains and bidding the oppressed £0. Plain peo-
ple want to know whether the chains will not be
put upon white limbs; and whither the oppressed
are to go. If the industry of the North is to be
fettered with their support; if they arc to go to
Ohio and the North, we want to know it. Nay,
we want, if we can, to stop it.
As I am anxious to see our country restored to
its former condition, I would protest against this
ambiguous policy. I have seen a year of cruel
distrust of our generals because they were faith-
ful to our Constitution and the Union. I have
seen in and out of this House the thieves of char-
acter sliming over good men's names as if they
were no better or more loyal than their own, be-
cause such men had a policy not based on the
visions of African freedom. The blood of our
brave soldiers flows like water in aid of a holy
cause. It would be a criminal silence for me
to forbear to characterize this cruel, fraudulent
"change of that holy cause into such dangerous
and suicidal schemes.
Gentlemen on the other side of this Chamber
have been determined to discuss the causes of
this rebellion. One would have supposed that
prudence on that theme would have sealed them
mto silence. Slavery, they say, is the only cause;
and their logic is, eradicate the cause, and the
war will stop. Slavery is the occasion, but not
the cause. Slavery has existed for nearly sev-
enty years, and the United States prospered in its
unity. Slavery agitation, North and South, is the
cause, and it has been carried on by both abolition
and secession. It takes two millstones to grind
the grist. From the beginning of secession I
denounced it. I believe, in view of all its conse-
quences, that it is the worst crime since the scene
on Calvary. But, sir, I am at as great a loss how
to apportion the guilt between secession and the
abolition which begat it, as I would be to appor-
tion the guilt of the crucifixion between Judas and
the Roman soldiers. If there is any difference, it
is in favor of the bold parricide, and against the
insidious betrayer.
And now, as the climax of this abolitionism,
wc find the Governor of Massachusetts, when
callcd on to send more troops to the aid of the
Government, laying down conditions—conditions
to his loyalty. He is willing for his people to
crowd the road with recruits, if only the blacks
are to be freed by the war and Hunter's procla-
mation is left untouched by the President. But
if this be not done, it will be a heavy draft on the
patriotism of Massachusetts. If the blacks arc to
be freed; if slavery is to be uprooted. Shakspeare
says, " your ' if' is a great peacemaker." This
abolition "t/," sir, is an infamous traitor. I could
name members on the other side of the House
who, though few in number, have kept their faith
without ambiguity. But the body of them are led
by another class of unmistakable hue, who are
ready to follow the conditional loyalty ofthe Mas-
sachusetts Governor, and to free negroes, regard-
less ofconstitutional limitations and consequences.
These destructives,however they profess, when
they come to vote, like the hues m a prism, melt
imperceptibly into each other. Though we ffnagine
that we see a difference between them, yet they
altogether make up that light which is to guide
us in our troubles. God help us when such light
leads! Such friends arc like those in the rebel
army who approach our soldiers with white flags,
crying "don't fire! we are Union men; don't
fire!"and at the very moment of our confidence
they inflict their deadly treachery upon our flag!
But it is ever thus. History shows it. Extreme
men drag the moderate men with them. The
devil, it is said, holds his own by a hair. He has
entered into this majority as he entered into the
swine; and they will, by diabolic impulse, be
driven at last into the sea. At last; but when is
that time to comc ? When the country is ruined ?
Must these northern fanatics be sated with ne-
groes, taxes, and blood, with division North and
devastation South, and peril to constitutional lib-
erty everywhere, before relief shall come? They
will not halt until their darling schemes are con-
summated.
History tells us that such zealots do not and
cannot go backward. Robespierre, the gentle
judge at Arras, in 1783, resigned rather than con-
demn a criminal to death. In ten years after,
filled with the enthusiasm of Rosseau, he claimed
for the blacks in the French colonies a participa-
tion in political rights, and exclaimed, not unlike
members here, "Let the colonics perish rather
than a principle!" But he was the same Robes-
pierre who led the Jacobins to demand the king's
head in 1792, who established the reign of terror,
and whose motto was, " that to live was a crime."
He could take no step backward. Onward, on-
ward from excess to excess, until his name became
the obloquy of the world. Oiily his own death,
by the same terrorism, ended his terrible rule.
The same result took place at Rome, in the time
of Gracchus. It is so everywhere when passion
is driven to excess.
Our only safety now lies in moderate and pa-
triotic counsels, not rash and vindictive action.
Libertatem in me requiro, non inpertinacia, sed qua-
darn moderatione positam putabo. Mr. Speaker, do
notthink I overstate these perils from theextrenie
men of this Housaiand the country. Have not
our bestmen, like Clay and Douglas, warned us
of this time? Does not the venerable statesman
of Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] continue to warn,
in vain? Your records are crowded with remon-
strances of the great and good men of the Repub-
lic against this sectional warfare against a social
system, to result in a war of ruin. I appeal to
you now, as I did more than a year ago to the
extreme men of the South, to halt, to consider,
before it is entirely too late.
One thing is sure, that out of all this ambiguity,
the tendency of legislative action here is to free
the slaves of the South and hurl them in hordes
upon the North. Events, says Phillips, are grind-
ing out the freedom of the negro; and these abo-
lition bills are events. The confiscation bill passed
last week, and the emancipation bill, resurrected
by a majority of four after its temporary death,
have this meaning. ThejtAvouId never have been
urged here but for this object. They will not aid
to pay the expenses of the war. That part of the
title of the confiscation bill which so affirms is a
hypocritical falsehood. Thcgentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] has demonstrated that. Even
Wendell Phillips laughs atsuch bills; " you might
as well," he says, "call upon the poorhouse to
pay the expenses of the town. Take away the
slaves, and they have not enough left to pay one
month's expenses of the war." The Tribune
sneers at such confiscation, and with more than its
usual sense, when it says, that they amount to
nothing, that you must first get the land and the
negroes, and that then the expenses of confisca-
tion and the general amnesty which must follow
to all but the leaders, will render your confisca-
tion valueless.
Such bills are not constitutional. That was
shown conclusively by the learned jurist [Mr.
Tiiumas] from Massachusetts, as well as by the
Senators from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] and
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.] They contravene the
first and third articles of the Constitution:
" No lull of attainder or ex post facto law shall be
passed."
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment,
shall be by jury; and such trial bliall be held in the State
where the said crimes shall have been committed; but
when not committed within any State, the trial shall be at
such place or places as the Congress may by law have
directed."
" Ticasou against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort."
"No person shall be convicted of ticaxon unie&s on the
testimony of two witnesses to the same oveit act, or on
confession in open court."
" The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason, but no attainder of tienpon shall work cor-
ruption of blood, or forfeiture, except during the life of the
person attainted."
They contravene the following provisions,
among the amendments of the Constitution:
"Art. 5. No person shall he held to answer for a capi-
tal or otherwise ininmous crime, unless on n presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising m
the land and naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual
service, in tune of war and public danger; nor shall any
person bo subject, for the same offence, to be twice put in
jeopardy of life oi limb; nor shall he compelled in any
criminal case to he a witness against hnnseil, nor to be de-
prived of hfc, liberty, or property, without due process of
Jaw; nor shall private property be taken lor public use
without ju.st compensation.
"Art. G. F n all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial
jury ofthe State and district wherein the crime shall have
been committed, which district shall have, been previously
ascertained by l.nv, and to be informed ofthe nature and
cause of the accusation ; to be confronted with the wit-
ness against him; to have compulsory proce«w for ob-
taining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance
of counsel for lus defense."
If, when swearing to sustain these clauses of the
Constitution, we have not taken 44 dicers' oaths,"
we must refuse all legislation which attaints any
one for treason. We can declare the punishment of
treason, to be meted out by u due proccss of law"
in the proper tribunals. We hove already done
so. Itisdeath. But for every crime there must be
trial and conviction. It is the very cssence of des-
potism to confiscate without such legal impeach-
ment. Against such legislative tyranny the au-
thors of our Constitution framed express clauses.
They did it, as Judge Story says, (2 Story's Com-
mentaries, section 1344,) to guard against the in-
justice and iniquity which England inflicted " in
