1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
move an amendment, to the second section of the
bill, to insert the words, " Sault Ste Marie," after
the word, "Mackinaw," in the seventh line of
that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment i.s not now in order.
Mr. HOWARJX I wish to notify myfiiend
from Maine thai at the proper time i shall move
to amend the second section so as to insert the
Sault Sie Marie as a place winch may be entitled
to some of the disti ibutive share of the appropri-
ation made in that section fur western woiks. I
think it an o vet sight on the part of the Depait-
mcnt that it was not inserted before. It is cer-
tainly a veiy importan-t point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I may as well here state the
reasons why I cannot vote for this bill, and why
I think radical amendments ought to be adopted.
It seems to mo that in the present condition of
public affaiis, the passage of this bill will be vr ry
ungracious ns well as unnecessary. We are en-
gaged in a war with rebels in the southern States—
a physical power that has no name. "We know
very well that these appiopriations will not add
to our power to put down tlfc rebellion. These ;
appropnatioiis contemplate the possibility of a :
war wiili some great maritime Power. Among: j
other things, we are called on to appropriate !
$750,000 to fortify our internal coast, m apoition
of tile eoiuiU y that I do not belie\ e needs fortifica-
tion. In my judgment, the State ofOhio is more
exposed than any other portion of this countrv,
either in case of a war with England, or in the
event ol n reverse to our arms during the present
rebellion. As a matter ot course, if the rebels ;
succeed in maintaining their piesent position in !
Kentucky, the war would be brought to our boun- ;
dary on the south; and if we should be involved
m a wat wuii England, the war would at once be 1
brought to our buundai y on the noith. Our State
isa peninsula of two bundled miles \v ide; and if
tiiei e is ary pot tion of this country that ought to
be defended, it is the State of Ohio; and yet there
is no proposition made by any citizen of Ohio
that that Sta'e shall be defended against foreign
or internal enemies.
In my judgment, Mr. President, the works that
are contemplated by this bill can not be constructed,
they cannot be made efiicicnt in this war, nor in
any war which is likely to grow out of it. We
know very well that the money can only be ex-
pended, under this bill, on certain lottifications
named m it—certain fortifications tliar ere now
pat tiy m pioirtefs. These forts cannot ptobably
be completed m time to be available. In many
cases they are badly located. Even as to the de-
fenses of Portland, 1 believe it is admitted by the
honorable Senator fiom Maine that other posi-
tions ought to be occupied in order to make those
defenses pet feet. Many of these fortifications are
badly located. They cannot possibly be com-
pleted in time; it seems to me, thcrcfoie, that to
waste money on them now is very wrong.
Besides, it is ungracious. Suppose we pass this
bill appropriating seveial millions of dollars, for
I believe the amount embraced m the hill is nearly
six millions 
Mr. CLARK. Six and a half millions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose we undertake to
appropiiate now, to defend ourselves against a
war wiili England—because that is the meaning of
it—^G,.500,000, will not England at once commence
a sysietn of [unifications in Canada, and will she
not txpi nd money? Is not this in violation of
the spiru of our treaty with England which for-
bids vessels of war upon the northern lakes or
on the line of boundary bet ween this country and
Gieat Britain? 1 think, therefore, the passage of
this appropriation bill will be ungracious; it will
excite hostility in England; it will tend to beget
a system of fortifications ou their side, and the
two countues will be m danger of dufung into a
war with each other when there is no occasion
for war; and the commencement of it may Le this
syetcm of foitifyihg un oui cide followi d by a
system of Jollification on theirs, and m theuid
n may beg"t collision when thete no occasion
lor it.
I do not desire to see any portion of this coun-
try subject to invasion. I am willing to go as far
j towaids defending Maine as any other Senator;
! and therefore I am willing, and I may say that I
j proposed in the Committee on Finance, to give to
; the President a large sum of money for the pur-
pose of erecting such fortifications and works of
, defense as may be necessary to meet any unfore-
| seen emergency; but the idea of fixing the appro-
j priations, applying so much to this fort, so much
I to that fort, restraining the appropt iation, in other
I woids, it seems to me is impolitic, his wise and
; prudent for us to place within the power of the
Piesidcnt an ample sum of money, provided we
can i aise it, to defend the whole country, in Maine,
: in Georgia, in Ohio, m California, everywhere;
I and this I am perfectly willing to do. Now, if it
| is in order, I will move an amendment to sttike
J out all of the first section of the bill from line
seven to line forty, which includes all the specific
appropriations, and to insert 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That, in the
opinion of the Chair, is not in order at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is notm order, I shall
withhold it. What is the present question, may
I ask ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ator's proposition to amend a part of the bill which
has not yet been perfected?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall move, when it is in
order, to strike out all of the first section of the
bill between lines seven and forty, and to insert
certain other woids.
Mr. KING. I desire to inquire whether any
amendment is now pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr, KING. I desire to move ail amendmentm
the second section to complete the chain of posts
therein named. I move, in the sixth line of the
second section, to insert before "Oswego" the
woid " Ogdensburgh," and after " Oswego" the
words, "at the mouth of Genesee liver." This
amendment is moved by the concurrence of the
Military Committee, and I presume there can be
no objection to 31.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 now move the amendment
which I indjeated when 1 had the floor before, to
insert in the seventh line of the second section,
after the word " Mackinaw," the woids "and
Sault Ste Matie."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. I move the following amend-
ment, wlueli I am msiiucted by the Committee on
Military Affairs to present, to be inserted at the
end of the fust section:
For dotan-i"-- ni Oj'-gon and Washington IVriitory, at ot
neat the mouth of ilio'Columbia iivci,"$100,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand that that
I is recommended by the Committee on Military
1 am directed by the
A flails
Mr. NESMITH. It is.
committee to offei it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I suppose it is in
order; but I will state m a word my objection to
it. it will be noticed that this bill is confined,
fium the beginning to the end, to existing woiks,
and in the judgment of the Committee on Finance
of the Sonata, and oftho Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives, it. was
thought best to make no appropiiations to com-
mcnce new fortifications. We did not suppose
new foitifications could be made available m any
reasonable time, and we thought it would be un-
wise in the present state of the country to make
appiopriations to commence new woiks. I will
state, as an lUust iation, that in the estimates which
wetc sent to me from the War Department an
appropriation was recommended for the construc-
tion of a new wing to Fort Preble, in the harbor
of Portland. That was recommended by the De-
paitment as a pait of the defenses of that harbor.
Not believing, however, that it could be made
available within any reasonable time, and think-
ing that we ought not to appropriate money which
i could not be so made available, and the bill being
confined to old fortifications, I advised the com-
mittee not to present that appiopnation, and it
was tejectcd on my authority, although it was
| recommended for my own town. Under these
choumPtanecs the Senator will see the reason
upon which I act m opposing his amendment. I
think that all new works of this kind, which take
so long a time to build, ought to be postponed.
Mr.'NESMlTH. I very readily perceive the
force of the remarks of the Senator from Maine
and they should be taken into consideration per-
haps; but we are unfortunately situated on the
Pacific coast. We do notenjoy the advantage of
having had any woiks commenced there; and
hence, if any ioitification of any character what-
ever is to be constructed there, it must be com-
menced anew. By the neglect of the executive
government, or of Congress, or of somebody,
there is not to-day a single gun mounted, nor a
defensive work thrown up, nor has there ever been
a dollar expended by the Government for the de-
fense of that coast from the harbor of San Fran-
cisco north to the foity-ninth decree of latitude.
Along about one Lhird of California, the entiie
coast of Oregon, and the entire coast of Washing-
ton Territory, a distance of over a thousand miles,
there is not a gun mounted, nor has there ever
been one mounted, nor has there cverbeen a dol-
lar expended by Congress to commence a fortifi-
cation there of any sort whatever. It is true that
in this great distance there are but few points of
access. Perhaps the mouth of the Umpqua river
and two or three other small harbors might be
entered by a foreign enemy. The Columbia liver
is the great sou ice of access to the interior of that
region of country, draining almost entirely the
western slope of the Rocky mountains. It is u
very important point. 1 did not in offering this
amendment contemplate that works of a pcrraa-
ncntcharacter would be constructed. Theamount
which is named in the amendment would exclude
any idea of that kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will only
put it in the phraseology of this other amendment,
leaving it in the discretion of the President, I shall
make no particular objection. I do not want it
made imperative; that is all.
Air. NESMITH. In relation to that, the same
objection will be made hereafter when we come to
make application for fortifications at the mouth of
the Columbia river. Senators will tell us that
nothing ever had been done, and, therefore, noth-
ing should be done, lam in favor of a commence-
ment theic, whether we have war or not. I look
upon it as absolutely necessary. Why, sir, to-
day a gunboat of the meanest and most ordinary
character could ascend the Columbia river and
destroy every town upon it; destroy Portland,
which is our metropolis of trade for that country.
It is true, it is not of as much importance as the
Portland where the Senator from Maine resides;
but it is of veiy great importance to us, and we
desire that it shall be protected. There are a great
many reasons, in case of foreign invasion, for an
attack on that country. We are now shipping
from the new discovered mines up the Columbia
river about six hundred thousand dollars a month,
and that is dug from these new mines, and that in
the inclement season of the year—in the winter
time. We expect by next summer, with an in-
crease of population from the western States and
from California, to ship $1,000,000 a week from
the mouth of the Columbia river. It is, there-
foie, of the utmost importance that the immense
commerce and trade about, to grow up there should
have some sort, of piotection. We ask for a mere
petty trifle of $100,000 for the temporary protec-
tion of the mouth of that river, that being the only
point for which there is anything asked from the
straits of San Juan de Fuca to San Francisco.
There is not a gun mounted or a work erected
anywhere between those two points.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that when the Sen-
ator asks for the commencement of a fortification,
because he admits that that is his object, he ought
to show, at least, that it has been recommended
by the War Department; that there has been some
survey; that the Engineer Bureau have had some-
thing to do with it; otherwise, we are at sea.
Mr. NESMITH. Allow me to explain. I do
not know what action has been taken by the Gov-
ernment in relation to this matter. We are at a
very remote point. We have been very much
neglected. The facts of the case show that there
is an entue absence of any fortification on our
coast. I am unable to-day to say what recom-
mendation has been made m regard to the fortifica-
tion of that coast. I have been here but a short
time. 1 have not had access to the public archives.
In fact, I scarcely know where to go to obtain the
information. When I have been here as long as
the Senator from Maine, and have made as much
and as diligent inquiry as he has, I shall perhaps
