1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2725
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, to in-
sert as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That personsheld toscrviceor
Jaboi, commonly called slaves, shall not be employed in
any capacity whatever in any navy-yard, dock-yasd, ar-
senal, magazine, fort, or in the Naval Academy.
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Foot, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, King, Lattooflndiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
rill. Pomeroy, Sumner, Tiumbull, Wihnot, Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Davis,
Dnnhttle, Fe<s«enden, Foster, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Latham, McDougail, Powell, Suuisbury, Staik, Ten Evck,
Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—18.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was the one of-
fered by Mr. Foot, to insert as a new section:
And be it further enacted y That upon the passage of this
act, or as soon thereafter as practicable, a commission shall
be appointed in the mnimci hcicinaftci dcsinnatedj to con-
sist of two tienalois. two mcmbeis of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and two officers of the Navy, which commission
iJi.il} make examination m le^pcettothemost eligible place
for the permanent location of the United States Naval Acad-
emy, and that the s-aid commission .shall repoif the resultof
it< examination to the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House of Representatives ; and the members of (he
commission fiom the Senate shall be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the Senate, and those from the House'of Repre-
sentatives by the Speaker of the House, and those from the
Navy by the President of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, HALE. Thatamendment was notreported
from the committee, and I should not have pro-
posed it myself. .My own opinions, so far as I
have g.ny upon it, are perfectly well known to the
Senate, because I gave them when this subject was
under discussion; still, as this is a subject on
which the people of Rhode Island feel very deeply,
and as very strong representations arc made by
several of our friends, a large number of the most
influential men of New York, in regard to the lo-
cation at Perth Amboy, and as there is a good deal
of feeling about this subject, and I am toid it will
be satisfactory to the gentlemen who have these
local mtoiests, to have an examination, even if it
should prove adverse, I am willing for one thnt the
amendment should be adopted; though I should
not have moved it and. am perfectly satisfied with
the thing as it now stands. I do this in tender
consideration of the feelings of my friends in
Newport, and in New Jersey and Connecticut,
and Kittery and Portsmouth also. As I said,
while 1 should not have moved it myself, and it
does not come from the committee, 1 am willing
it should be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. The adoption of this amend-
ment will give notice to the world that the Naval
Aeadomy is hereafter to be regarded as on wheels,
to be moved around wherever the highest bidder
comes from, and the moment it is understood that
that is the fact that there is no permanency a ttached
to it, that moment your school will begin to go
down, down, down, lower even than it is now,
and I would about as soon dissolve it at once.
We have had some experience in the appointment
of such a commission as that. I voted for one to
go up and examine some facts in regard to the
Military Academy at West Point, and what was
the result? We expended I do not know how
many thousand dollars in paying the commission
-and printing a volume composed of letters ad-
dressed to members of that commission by officers
of the Army. No one of its recommendations, so
far as L recollect, was ever adopted. I do not pre-
tend to know how much the expense to the Gov-
ernment was, but in printing and other expenses
it was very considerable, and such will be the case
now if you adopt this proposition. You have got
no limit as to when these men shall report, and
you do not specify what sections of the country j
they are to examine. If you arc going to examine
Newpoit and Portsmouth and New London, is
it supposed you are not going to examine other
ports of the coast? Is New England the only
portion of the country that is to be consulted in
regard to the establishment of a Naval Academy ?
Let me warn my friends from New England
that the worst policy for them is this constant at-
tempt to draw all the institutions of the country
up into the northeastern States of this Union.
There is a feeling now in the public mind, in some
sections of the country, in the Northwest partic-
ularly', that they arc being made in too great a
degree tributary to the New England States; that
you have got all the arsenals, the armories, the
navy-yards, custom-houses, officers, everything
almost, up in that section of the country. I do
notentertain any of this feeling; I want to guard
against it; and I want to crush out that sentiment
as far as possible; but I know that the attempt to
draw these institutions up there only tends to
increase this sentiment in other sections of the
country; and there are political reasons outside of
all others that ought to influence our action in this
regard.
Now, sir, if we adopt this amendment in con-
nection with the speech of the Senator from Rhode
Island the other day, for he put the necessity of
the removal of the academy from Maryland on
the sole ground, of the disloyalty of Maryland, it
will go out to the world that wearestrikinga blow
atMaryland; thatbecause the people of Annapolis
are disloyal, or because the people of Baltimore
are disloyal, we are going to punish Annapolis,
and send the Naval Academy away from it. Are
we prepared, at this time, to give such an indica-
tion as that to the people of this country, and es-
pecially to the people of Maryland? I think it
would be exceedingly unwise for us to do it.
I trust, Mr. President, that we are to have no
more controversy about this Naval Academy.
You cannot appointanycommission of naval offi-
cers who will decide otherwise than in favor of
Annapolis. Such is the universal sentiment of
the naval profession. When your commission
reports to you, what arc you going to do ? You
will be exactly where you are now. You will
have kept the academy in an uncertain state; you
will have all the points in the Union, on the lakes,
and on the Atlantic, and on the Pacific, I have
no doubt—you will have various points on both
coasts, and on the northern coast on the lakes,
clamorous to get this academy located at their par-
ticular points; and it might just as well, for all
practical purposes, be located at Cleveland or San-
dusky or Toledo, as to be loeated at New London
or at Newport. I trust, I say, that wo shall be
done with this thing; that the President of the
United States will direct the Naval Academy to
he brought back to Annapolis, and thereby we
shall save nearly a million of dollars that have
already been expended at that place, and which
we shall be compelled to expend if we remove it;
and that we will be done with this thing of ap-
pointing commissions to go around and hunt new
sites.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I had not known that the
Senator from Iowa had fully made up his mind
that the pretensions of Newport for this academy
should have no sort of showing, and if I did not
know that when he once makes up his mind he
never changes it, I should be surprised at his op-
position to an amendment, the effect of which is
to bring to a test a question which he says, be-
yond all controversy, will be decided upon his
side. He tells us there is no doubt whatever that
an examination of the subject will disclose the
superior advantages of Annapolis over any other
place; and yet he opposes any such examination.
He may be right; it may be that the advantages
of Annapolis are so much greater than those of
Newport or New London or Perth Amboy, that
the commission will decide unanimously in favor
of that location, and it it does, we shall be bound
to be satisfied. The General Assembly of my
State and of New Jersey have both passed reso-
lutions asking that the academy may be removed
to places within their waters. 1 ask if the respect
due by this body to the unanimous wishes of the
Legislatures of two States does not require that,
at least, an inquiry should be made into the sub-
ject to which they ask our attention ? I pan see
no possible harm that can come out of this com-
mission, and it will at least have the advantage of
satisfying public opinion.
The Senator from Iowa is very wide of the mark
when he says that no benefit arose from the com-
mission to West Point. Very great benefits came
from that commission; and very many regu.ations
and veiy many changes recommended by that
commission were adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. - What one?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Foot,] who was upon that commission,can
explain it better than I can. It was well worth
the expense and the trouble that it.cost.
Sir, I do not wish to go into thisdehate,again.
I have no idea of taking up the time of the Senate
on a subject that lias been so thoroughly dis-
cussed; but I ask, in the name of the SiAte thai I
have the honor in part to represent, that at least
the Senate will inquire into a matter oil .which
they have asked its attention by a unanimous vote.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, the refer-
ence which has been made to the State that I in
part represent makes it proper that I should make
a single observation. If I know myself and if I
know the people of my State we would not tafte
a single step that would in the slightest possible
degree interfere with the rights and wishes of the
loyal people of the border States. If I have com-
mitted any fault in the eyes of some of my con-
stituents since I have been upon this floor, it has
been the course I have taken according to my best
judgment in endeavoring to induce the loyal men
of the border States to hold on to their former love
of the Union, and to see that their rights and in-
terests were protected and preserved in it. I think
I can speak now in behalf of my constituents
frankly and truly when I say that they do not wish
to have the Naval Academy located in New Jer-
sey simply as a matter of interest to the State
alone, to the prejudice of the State of Maryland.
We have no such feeling, because we have regarded
every loyal section of the Union as being entitled
to our consideration, and we have not felt disposed
to assail any section of the Union, because we be-
lieved that every tiue and loyal section added to
the united glory of the whole.
Sir, it does not follow that by raising this com-
mission we take this Naval Academy away from
Annapolis. It may be established, and established
in so satisfactory a manner that it should remain
there, as to put down all cavil and all dispute. The
expenditures that have been made at Annapolis ill
the erection of buildings for the school, thegroundg
that have been purchased, the appropriations that
have already been made, and the site of the harbor,
may be the ruling considerations m the minds of
this commission, and they may say to the legis-
latures of the States of New Jeiscy mid Ithode Isl-
and," this is the spot, and the true and proper spot,
and it should not be removed." When that is done
by that commission, our people will be en tirely sat-
isfied; or if they are not, they will have to remain
so, and ought to remain so.
1 do notknow whattheSenatorfromlowameans
when lie warns, not exactly the people of my State
but the people of New England with respect to the
course they are now pursuing m this and kindred
measures. He warns them of the consequences.
What does he mean? If matters occur here as the
ordinary result of fair, open, and legitimate legis-
lation, I apprehend that the great Northwest, with
all its growing, gigantic strength, will abide by the
decision of the constituted authorities of the land.
1 do not know what he means by warning us. I
cannot understand it. I imagine there is more 
Mr. HALE. Rhetoric.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I thank the Senator from
New Hampshire for the suggestion—more rhet-
oric than anything else in it. If I know rnyself,
if it appears by the result of this investigation that
Annapolis is the proper place, 110 resolve ol the
Legislature of my State will induce me ever to raise
my voice in favor of changing it from that locality.
But if it is found not to be so desirable, and some
other place, either 111 New Jersey, New Hamp-
shire, Maine, or Connecticut, m anywhere else 111
the limits of this broad, beautiful land, is found
suitable for the purpose, I should say let it remain
there, or if it is not suitable, put it in such a place
as that this branch of the public service may bo
fostered, and the naval arm of the country may be
strengthened.
Mr. FOSTER. I shall vote for this amendment,
exposing myself even to the charge of being one
of those grasping individuals from New England,
who, in the view of the Senator fiom Iowa, are in
danger of having the little that is left us taken away
in consequence of the great Northwest coming
forward to make matters right towaids the East.
I am not aware that Connecticut, or that New
England, is grasping, or desirous of obtaining in
any manner from the Government anything that
does not belong legitimately to the people of that
section.
We have the fortune or misfortune, whichever
