2726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16;
it may be, of living near salt water, and have not
the broad fertile lands around us that the honor-
able Senator from Iowa and his constituents have
around them. Living upon the Atlantic ocean, it
is, I suppose, not by any means to be charged to
ustfiat we are grasping or avaricious because we
have the custom-houses of the country where the
harbors are; and I do not know that the great
Northwest will insist upon taking the custom-
houses connected with the harbors of New Eng-
land, and locating them upon the prairies of the
West. There are many very fine sites for them
there, I have no doubt, and very many men who
probably, though not avaricious, would be willing
to hold the offices; but I do not know that it would
be specially productive to the country or to the
great Northwest to change the locality of the cus-
tom-houses, and put them out on the prairies,
which were in some early period of the world
E reliably covered with water, and might then have
een proper sites for custom-houses; but it is a
long while since there could have been much navi-
gation, I suppose, over those prairies, and until
they shall be again submerged, 1 presume there
will be no great occasion for custom-houses there.
[Laughter.] If, however, the Senator from Iowa
thinks it best to take away the custom-houses from
New England and locate them there, we shall sub-
mit, and say nothing about the grasping disposi-
tion of our friends from the West; for we know
they are very liberal and open-handed; free as air,
indeed, about everything which belongs to them.
As regards the other point, that a feeling would
go abroad in the country that the Naval Academy
is now to be put on wheels if this amendment is
adopted, I apprehend precisely the opposite re-
sults. So far from that being the result of the ap-
pointment of this commission, it will be to put
this matter at rest speedily and forever, at least
during this generation. When this commission
shall have made an examination of such localities
as may be deemed proper sites for the establish-
ment of this Naval School, and made their report,
there will be an end of the matter, I have no
doubt. If'they, as the honorable Senator seems
to think there is no doubt they will, come to the
result that Annapolis is the proper place, the
school will be continued at Annapolis, without
doubt or question, during the present generation,
and probably longer. If, on the other hand, the
commission shall be satisfied, and shall report
that some other location is more desirable and
holds out inducements stronger than Annapolis,
and the interests of the eountry and the Navy can
be better subserved by changing the location, and
Congress shall be of the same opinion, I suppose
there will be no great harm done in having the
change made. If that commission shall recom-
mend, and Congress shall afterwards pass, a law
fixing the school at New London, in Connecticut,
I hope the Senator from Iowa will yield with the
grace with which he always yields when he is
convinced; and he would then be convinced, I pre-
sume, that New London was a better location
than Annapolis. Unless that happens, by all
means I shall go with him in sustaining this lo-
cation at Annapolis until a better can Be found.
The people of Connecticut believe that New Lon-
don is a better location; they may be mistaken.
We think there are advantages there that are par-
amount to those of any other place. In that we
may be mistaken. We are so confident in our
opinion that we are willing to submit it even to
those who the honorable Senator says have made
up their minds otherwise; that is, officers of the
Navy of the United States. We are quite willing
that a portion of that commission should be com-
posed of officers who have, as the gentleman says,
decided this question againstusalready; and if we
convince them, I shall by no means despair of
convincing the Senator. If we convince them,
and a majority of the commission, and of Con-
gress, there will, I think, be abundant reason for
acquiescing in a change of this location. Unless
that is done, I shall not expect any change to be
made; and if it be done, I shall expect the honor-
able Senator to give his acquiescence very cheer-
fully to the change.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Connecticut
need not have told the Senate that he was going
to vote for this proposition. I think those of us
who have been here as long as daring the com-
mencement of this session must have known that
he would be disposed to vote for it if under any
circumstances that might flow from it there was
an opportunity for Connecticut to be benefited by
the passage of the amendment. The Senator says
he is perfectly content to leave the question to a
commission of the men who I say have decided
this question, Now, what kind of a commission
is it? A commission composed of two naval offi-
cers to be appointed by the President, two mem-
bers of the Senate to be appointed by the President
of this body, and two members of the House of
Representatives to be appointed by the Speaker of
the Hoitse—the Speaker of the House, who has
already appointed a Committee on Naval Affairs,
three members of which are from New England,
two members from New York, and two members
from Pennsylvania, and one member from the
State of Illinois, from the whole Northwest with
its nine million people. That is one reason why
I saw fit to allude to the fact that it was not
the policy of our New England friends to try to
have the academy conducted, as it has been here-
tofore, as a sort of domestic institution that be-
longs exclusively to Norfolk, Philadelphia, and
New York city and New England; and that has
been the sentiment of the country heretofore. I
desire that that sentiment should be eradicated;
and I do not want one of the very first acts of this
Administration or of this Congress to be to in-
crease that sentiment in this indirect way by
taking away the Naval Academy from Annapolis.
I was so exceedingly unfortunate when Iwason
the floor before as to say something to my New
England friends on this subject, and 1 was so un-
fortunate as to allude to the custom-house officers.
Why, sir, I heard the chairman of the Committee
on Finance admit two years ago that a great
many custom-house offices in his State might be
abolished. I know there are custom-house officers
all through the northern half of the State of Ver-
mont. Our Blue Eook tells us so. Nobody has
ever discovered that they have rendered any es-
sential service to the country so far as I know. I
think there are between twenty and thirty there.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman puts it
rather high; but I will tell him they have been
kept there on what is called preventive service,
to prevent smuggling.
Mr. GRIMES. They were appointed in the
war of 1812-14.
Mr. COLLAMER. And continued through
every Administration.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that. They were cre-
ated at that time, and have been retained ever
since.
Mr. COLLAMER. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. Those custom-house officers were appointed
for thepurpose of preventing smuggling more par-
ticularly, as early as between 1807 and 1808, dur-
ing the embargo. The whole of northern New
York, New Hampshire, and Maine opened up to
Canada. They have been compelled to keep them
there from that day to this to prevent goods com-
ing in entirely by smuggling across the line instead
of coming in at the custom-house at New York.
Mr. FOOT. And the number of deputies in
Vermont has been very much reduced of late
years.
Mr. GRIMES. If the people in that section of
the country are so much disposed to violate the
law of the country, it may be necessary to give
an additional number of custom-house officers in
order to enforce the laws; but certain it is, if you
refer to your Blue Book, you will see a very great
number of custom-house officers scattered through
that whole country, a hundred and a hundred and
fifty miles below the frontier. It always occurred
to me there was no necessity for those officers. I
know I have heard members of this body say in
their places in the Senate they did not believe there
was any necessity for the large number of custom-
house officers that there are on the coast.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is not a single one
of them in Vermont a hundred miles from the fron-
tier. There is not one of them in Vermont fifty
miles from the line. In the next place, they have
not half so many as the gentleman says. We had
that many a number of years ago; but they have
been reduced from time to time until they are as
low as they possibly can be.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] says they are down in a cer-
tain town in his State, which is a good deal more
than one hundred miles from the frontier.
What I wanted to say when I was on the floor
before—and I may have used very improper lan-
guage in saying it, and may have properly sub-
jected myself to the rebukes I am receiving on the
right hand and the left—was this: that it was not
the true policy of any portion of this country to
try to monopolize, or, even if they did not try to
do it, to have the idea go out that they were try-
ing to monopolize, the power and wealth of the
country in a particular locality or in a particular
cluster of States, and it was not for the interests
of those States themselves that that idea should
be propagated, because we all desire to preserve
this Union just as long as possible. The very
way to break it up is to get the opinion entertained
in other States that some of the States are using
the patronage and wealth of the country for their
particular advancement and emolument, and not
for the common good. We all know that from
the fact that the New England and Atlantic States
were settled much before the others, there has
been an accumulation of these offices. We have
got our arsenals, our armories, our navy-yards,
and our military school all clusteied right down
within a radius of two hundred miles. There are
three navy-yards within a radius of two hundred
miles; perhaps four, for I think that will include
Philadelphia. Now, sir, what I want to impress
on the minds of Senators is this: that everything
else being equal, it would be for the interests of
the Government to place your Naval Academy
and some of your other institutions beyond those
States. Everything else being equal, it would be
for the interests of the Government, and for the
interests of the New England States and New
Jersey and New York, to keep your academy at
Annapolis, rather than take it to Newport or Perth
Amboy.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Will not that be an element
to enter into the consideration of this very«board
of commissioners?
Mr. GRIMES. And this board of commission-
ers is composed of Senators, Representatives, and
two naval officers. If gentlemen want to get at
the opinion of naval officers on that subject, let
them look at the report of the board of examiners,
who made a report to us on the 9th of the present
month. There were seven distinguished naval
officers, six of whom reported to the Government
that it was the interest of the Government that
the Naval Academy should be returned to An-
napolis instantly. That is the sentiment of the
profession, and they are able to judge of the sub-
ject. Here you propose to refer it to two Senators
to be appointed by the President of this body, two
members of the House of Representatives to be
appointed by the Speaker, and two naval officers,
who are to compose only one third of the board,
and the opinion which they entertain is liable to
be, and doubtless will be overruled by these civ-
ilians who are to be put upon this commission.
But, sir, the Senate understand this question as
well as I do, and if they are disposed to vote for
it they can do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The objection of the Sen-
ator from Iowa is narrowed down to this: he is
afraid the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives will not make an impartial appointment of
the members of the board to be appointed byhim.
Well, sir, suppose he docs not. The Senator in-
forms us that the whole Navy are in favor of An-
napolis. Then the two from the Navy will pre-
cisely balance the two that he thinks the Speaker
of the House will improperly appoint, and it will
leave it to the Chair, in whose impartiality and
discretion we all have reason to have so much
confidence, to give the balance of power; and I
have no doubt he will appoint correctly.
I should not have risen again but to correct, as
I think, a misapprehension into which my friend
from Iowa has fallen with regard to the report of
the board of examiners. I am sorry that that re-
port is not printed and laid on our desks this morn-
ing, as it ought to have been. The objections of
the board, if I read the report aright, are not to
Newport, but to the continuance of the academy
in temporary rather than in permanent accommo-
dations. There is no doubt there are great dis-
advantages in having the academy in temporary
accommodations; but if this commission should
decide to locate the academy at Newport, and Con-
gress should accept their report, permanent accom-
modation would be furnished there unsurpassed
and unequaled, in regard to position, by an^r other
place that has been urged for the location of the
