1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. LANSING,not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM objected.
Mr. GRIDER, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN objected.
Mr. ARNOLD, not being- within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. GRIDER. I hope objection will be with-
<&ra \vn.
Mr. COLFAX. I propose that gentlemen on
both sides be allowed to vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I renew it,
unless objection be also withdrawn on the other
side.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM declined to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Wlbster.
Mr. KNAPP stated that his colleague, Mr.
Richardson, was now, and had been for some
days past, detained at his rooms by illness.
Air. GRIDER again asked consent to vote.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I object, un-
less the objection is also withdrawn on the other
side.
Mr. CALVERT. I object all round.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. "GRIDER. Do I understand that the
Speaker decided that the objection to my voting
came in time and excluded my vote?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so decide.
Mr. GRIDER. Then it was a misapprehen-
sion on the part of the Speaker. The objection
was withdrawn in consideration of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] being also allowed to
vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land (Mr. Calvert] objected to all.
Mr. GRIDER. Very well, sir.
The SPEA KER stated that the question before
the House was on the substitute offered by Mr.
Bin'gham to the bill (H. R. No. 126) to manumit
and liberate from servitude the slaves of all per-
sons who shall engage in or aid and abet armed
rebellion against the United States; on which the
previous question had been demanded.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out all aftei the enacting words of the bill, and
insert:
That if any pei.-ton oi persons within any State or Tori i-
tory of the United Htatct> aft^r the taking etFect of this
act, engage m armed rebellion against the Government of
the United States, 01 ahull aid or ubctsuch icbelhon, every
such peison s-huli theneby fcnfeit ail claim wiucfesuch per-
son may have to the set vice or labor of any slave or slaves;
ami the slave or Have* of s?uch person shall be, and hereby
iiie, declared fiee and ten ever released ftom such ^eivitude,
anything m the laws of the United States or of any State to
tnceoimaiy notwithstanding. And whenever thereafter the
pvrMm claiming •Mich laborer seivicc of ^uch slave or «lavos
shall seek to enforce Ins or her claim thereto, it shall be a
lull and -sufficient answer to tsuch claim that the claimant,
or the peison 01 per>on-; tisiough or by whom he or she
claim* the right to such i-civice or laboi of <-uch slave or
slaves, did engage in or aid and abeti>uch rebellion, as afore-
said, contraiy to the provisions of this act.
Slc. 2. And be it farther enactcd% That whenever any
person claiming to he entitled to the servicr orlabor of any
other pet-on or persons shall seek to enforce such claim,
he or she shall, m the fiist in.-rince, and befoie any order
fchnll be made for the ^mender of the person who=e service
oi labor is claimed, establish not only his or her claim to
such &eivice or labor, but aUo that such claimant has not,
m any way, aided, agisted, or eountenum-ed the existing
rebellion against the Government of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers on seconding1
the previous question.
Tellers were oideied; and Messrs. Bingham
and Chisfielo were appointed.
The House divided; and the, tellers reported—
ayes 44, noes 58.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking it out, and inserting the follow-
ing as a substitute:
That the Piesidcnt. in suppressing the present insur-
ireturn, is hereby authorized, and wherever piacticable,
requited to take pot-session of all the pioperty. real and per-
sonal, belonging to any one of the following classes of pei-
m>iw, to wi!: Fitst I'ei&ons hereafter aeiing as officer* of
the auny ot navy of tiic icbelrf now or here^'tei m arms
ii^.un^t the Covetinnent. Second. Petrous hc-ieafter act-
ing a-c pie&ident. vice president, member of congress or
judge of the so-called confedeiate States. Thud, Gov-
tMiiois* of States, members of £tate conventions anu legis-
hituiey, and judges of couits of States now ni rebellion,
who shall hereafter take an oath to support the constitution
of said confederate States, or having taken such oath,shall
hereafter a^t as such, Fourth. Persons who having held
an office of honor, tru?t, or profit in the United Slates, shall
hereafter hold or exercise an office In said confederate
States. Fifth. Persons who, owning property in the loyal
States and residing in a State m rebellion against the Gov-
ernment, shall hereaiter assist or give aid and comtortto
such rebellion. All sales, tiansfers, or conveyances by any
such person of any such property or of any claim to the ser-
vice or labor of another, after the committing of either of
the acts herein described, shall be null and void; and it
shall bo a sufficient bar to any suit brought by such person
to recover the possession or for the use of such property or
any of it, or to enforce such seivice or laboi, to allege, and
prove that he is one of the persons de^ciibed in this scction.
Sec. 2. And bcit further enacted, That to secure posses-
sion of any of such property situate and being in loyal
States or districts in which the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings io not obsti ucted by the rebellion, proceedings
in rem shall be instituted m the name of the United States,
in any districtcouitot'the United States,within which the
estate or property described in the first section, or any part
thereof, may be loutui, which proceedings shall conform,
as neaily as may be, to pioccedings in prize cases, or to
cases of forfeiture aitsing under the revenue laws; an din
all cases the pioperty adjudged to be the property of any
pet con described m the fir>t section, whether real or per-
sonal, shall be sold and conveyed to the purchaser as any
sale of piopeity in execution,and the pioceeds shall be de-
posited in the Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That thepropeity seized
under the first section of this act, situate and being in States
or distuct* in which the ouhn.u v cout>c of judicial pro-
ceedings is obstructed by the lebellion, Miall be used, occu-
pied, rented, or held, until the oidmary course of judicial
proceedings shall be restored in the State or district in which
such property is situate, when proceedings in rem shall be
instituted in the mode piescribcd in the second section of
this act: Provided, That articles of subsistence or of a per-
ishable nature seized under this bill shall be used or sold as
tiie mteiests of the service require.
Sfo. 4. And be it farther enacted, That no person de-
scribed in the first section of this act shall hold any peison
to service or labor who was hold by him to such service or
labor at any time after the passage of this act, and before
the teimination of this rebellion; and the person soheld to
service and labor shall be discharged therefrom-
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted, That the several dis-
trict courts of the United States are hereby invested with
power to issue all pioeess, whether mesne or final, includ-
ing garnishee and ptoce^s, .is m cases of foieign attachment,
and'to do every other matter and thing necessary or pioper
to eai.y out the puiposes of this act.
Sec. 6. And be it fuithcr enacted, That the President is
hereby authorized.'by a proclamation of amnesty, to re-
lease either of the five classes of persons descnbcd 111 the
fiift section of this act, residing in any paitieulai State oi
district, from the operation* of this act.
Sec. 7. And be it fin (her cnr/rCcrf, That every person
who. after sixtvdays 11 om the parage of this act, shall con-
tinue in lebellion against the United States, oi adhere to
then enemies, gtvma: them aid and eomloi t, shall be deemed
infamous, and shnl! hold no office of honoi, trust, or profit
witiun the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act contained shall operate or be const mod to prevent or m
any way atfect any piosccution or other pioceedmgs against
any person who may have incuried the forfcituie herein
piesenbed to punish any crime or asj-ert and enforce any
other forfeiiute of which such peison may be guilty, or
which he may have inclined under any other law of the
United States.
Mr. UFNGHAM. I make the point of order
that the amendment, relating as it does to the seiz-
ure and confiscation of property, is not germane
to the bill before the House, which relates exclu-
sively to persons and not propeity.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order. The substitute provides for the same
thing as the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM, The point I raise is that so
much of the amendment as proposes to confiscate
property is not m order.
! The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot separate
i the bill. The bill provides for the release of per-
1 sons held to service or labor. Theproposed amend-
! ment provides for the release of per.sons held to
■ service or labor, and although it may contain other
i provisions not contained m the bill, the Chair can-
i not decide that it is out of order.
| Mr. HICKMAN. 1 desire to propose an amend-
; ment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment is in
order.
i Mr. PORTER.. I do not desire to discuss the
provisions of the amendment which I have offered
as a substitute for the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] but merely to
state the features which distinguish it from that
proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana if he has any objection to sub-
! stitutmg the amendment proposed in the Senate
! by Mr. Collamer instead of his own?
i Mr. PORTER. I shall heartily favor the amend-
ment to which the gentleman alludes if the one
which I have proposed shall fail; but I prefer my
own.
The amendment which I have offered, which is
substantially the same as a proposition presented
in the Senate by Mr. Sherman, proposes to con-
fiscate the property and liberate the slaves of those
who hold official stations, whether in the military,
naval, or civil service of the so-called confederate
States, or of any member thereof; also, of all per-
sons who, having- held an office of honor, trust,
or profit, in the United States, shall hereafter hold
or exercise an office in said rebellious States; and
also of all persons who, owning any property in
the loyal States, and residing in a State in rebellion,
shall hereafter give aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion.
All sales and transfers of slaves which shall be
made by any such classes are to be null and void;
and to a suit brought to recover a slave it shall
be a sufficient bar to allege and prove that the
claimant belongs to any of these classes.
Where property, liable thus to be seized and
confiscated, is within a State where the ordinary
course of judicial proceedings is not obstructed
by the rebellion, proceedings in rem arc to be reg-
ularly instituted and prosecuted to confiscate it;
but where the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceedings is obstructed by the rebellion, property,
except of a perishable nature, is to be held until,
when judicial authority is restored, there can be
a regular condemnation. Perishable property may
be used or sold, as the interests of the service re-
quire. The slaves of all the classes enumerated
in the amendment are, by the mere fact of their
masters engaging in rebellion, to be free.
This amendment does not propose, like that of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and
the supplementary bill which he has on our files,
to seize and confiscate all the property of all per-
sons in any way connected with this unnatural
rebellion. History furnishes no instance of a
confiscation so sweeping and indiscriminate as
that. It proposes, sir, to confiscate the property
and liberate the slaves of those bold and unscru-
pulous men who, by their official position, and by
their authority among the people of the rebellious
States, have misled and deceived the people; of
those who arc the strength and support of the
rebellion, and whose overthrow would at once
put an end to it. The ignorant, who have been
drawn into the rebellion by misrepresentation and
delusion; the timid, who have been driven to it
by threats of violence towards themselves or those
whom they hold still more dear; the unwilling,
who have had to yield to conscription or to con-
fiscation and death; these are not embraced within
its stern provisions. Atrocious leaders are to be
the sufferers; the men whom they have deceived
and misled or compelled against their wills to take
up arms against the Union are to be the witnesses
of their merited punishment.
What patriotic men have most desired to see
has been a strife between the erring masses and
their haughty and unscrupulous leaders. Here
is the way to it. "When these masses shall be
hard pressed by the armies of the Union, when
the foundations of rebel authority shall seem to
be crumbling away, they will then see that while
for them to lay down their arms is to insure to
themselves the return of peace and order and be-
nign Government, it is for their leaders the fore-
runner of confiscation and slave emancipation and
ignominious punishment in prison or on the scaf-
fold. They will perceive that a severance from
their leaders opens the way to safety and pros-
perity.
"While, however, the amendment which I have
offered does not provide for a sweeping seizure of
all the property of the masses in the rebellious
States, it contains a safeguard against the inju-
rious influence which those who are not prompt
in asserting their loyalty might exert in public
affairs upon the restoration to the loyal of the ma-
chinery of their State organizations. All who after
sixty days from the passage of the act shall con-
tinue in rebellion or give aid and comfort to it,
are to be deemed infamous, and rendered incapa-
ble of holding any office of trust or profit within
the limits of the United States.
My amendment also empowers the President
to proclaim an amnesty to persons among the pro-
scribed classes, where he may regard the amnesty
favorable to the reestablishment of the authority
of the Union.
I greatly prefer this amendment to the proposi-
tion of my friend from Ohio. But I am free to
