746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
from*any other Power. We have had a gascon-
adkig'article read here from the London Times,
published during the pendency of our troubles
growing out of the capture of Mason and Slidell,
in which they boastfully told ns how soon they
could devastate all the towns on the northern fron-
tier by sending a lot of gunboats through Lake
Ontario, and thence up through the Welland ca-
nal into Lake Erie and the upper lakes. Great
Britain has only about sixty gunboats of a ca-
pacity that can under any circumstances be taken
through that canal.
Mr. HOWE. How many can she construct in
a few months?
Mr. GRIMES. We can make them as fast as
she can, and a good deal faster.
Mr. HOWE. But we are prevented by the ob-
ligations of the treaty from making them until
hostilities commence.
Mr. GRIMES. She has only sixty gunboats
-of a capacity that can possibly be taken through
that canal, and they only carry one gun, and that
not of a very large caliber. That article admits
that it would be impossible lor the fust one of her
gunboats to penetrate there before sometime m
the mouth of April. I do not believe they could
get through the Welland canal before sometime
in the month of May, even if the vessels were ull
sent over before that time. Now, I undertake to
say that it would be six months before they could
prepare their vessels and get them through the
We.lland caual so as to endanger us. But what
arc wc going to do in the meantime? If hostili-
ties actually commenced, or if they were immi-
nent and were about to commence, are we going
to stand by, with our arms folded, and not take
possession of the Welland canal? The whole of
the British colonies, J believe, have thiee millions
of people—*i little more than the Empire .State of
NewYoik. The British Government has sent
over into all the British colonies m North Amer-
ica some thirty thousand men. The Welland ca-
nal is only a lew miles from our frontier. Is if
expected that we are going to lie still, to stand
with our firms folded, and not, take possession of
that canal, blow it up, and render ir impassable
for British gunboats? I apprehend theie will be
no disposition of that kind; but,on the contrary,
we should put ourselves in such a predicament
that neither the gunboats nor any other vessels
could possibly do us any harm. Look at the pres-
ent condition of the lonimge. <m the lakes. Most
of it belongs to us; almost all of jt belongs to
American citizens, and it is in ourc.ontrol, There
is any quantity of steamers and of sailing craft
that can be readily converted into gunboats, either
sailing gunboats or steam gunboats; and if we
hud the guns lo arm them we should be able very
readily to command all the lakes. Gunsare more
necessary than fortifications. What you want is
a foumiery that can manufacture aims with which
to fight, and not stone foi ulicaiions to u Inch men
can encase themsi Ives to protect t he nisei v<-s ai-aii: t
their ad versa rii s' fire. If you had foil iul> rie.-i and
guns you could, before the 1st of Mav, put foui
guns on those lakes with good sea-gotn^ vessels
to out; that Great Bwtani could bring in there in
the course of tho next six months. ' 1 say, with
that \iew of the case, I do not think that my in-
terests in the North v, est, that my duty to mv con-
stituents w ill jusLny mo in taxing them, for'it vir-
tually amounts to that, m levying direct taxes on
them to the amount of ^7.3>),00!Mn oruej to build
these fortifications.
Besides, t\l i\ Preside) i!, as I have ai rend y stated,
(m which opinion, however,! behevi nobody heie
concurs,) I think the foi unca turn-; woo id be of no
benefit when they were built. I ha\e not the
slightest idea that a tort at Mackinaw is goino; tu
prevent any steam vessel belonging to the Bnf-
isii Government iiom sailing right by it, when
she sees fit. Suppose you make the appropria-
tion, and we have a conflict with Great Brrain
this year, you cannot build your foi tificattons so
as to make them o  any use. Your masonry must
be exposed ionhe atmosphere a long time- so as to
be sci"1 enable and peimaivut. You cannot ren-
der thes-' fortifications of any value !o the coun-
try unda two or three years. But if they were
built, if they u ere < omplet"d, 1 insist upon'i! that
our exnloi's have demondiated that it is possible
for gunboats to pass right by them without the
slightest difficulty. The Senatorfrom Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] has already told the Senate that
there 13 deep water passing through the straits of
Mackinaw, two miles wide. The British gun-
boats, therefore, if they undertake to go into Lake
Michigan, have a channel of two miles in width.
If a fleet of gunboats should undertake to pass
by your fort, one might accidentally be hit; per-
haps two; perhaps one or two of them would be
disabled: but the remainder would all pass through
in pcifect safety. If it is not cascmated forts that
aic proposed to be built under this bill, it is earth-
works; and what has Hatteras, what has Port
Royal, what has Fort Henry, and what has Iloan-
ake Island, the intelligence of which engagement
has just reached us, demonstrated ? That earth-
works are perfectly worthless against steam ves-
sels.
As 1 said before, there is nobody more anxious
than I am to put the commerce of the Northwest
in a poifecily defensible condition; but I do not
believe there is the slightest advantage to result
io it from the passage of this bill.
Mr. KING. 1 have not been one of those who
have, appiehended a war with Great Britain, or
with any other foreign Power during the past year,
though there have been ti oubles and some mutter-
ing, and perhaps, at one time, an appearance as
though we might have a collision with Great Brit-
ain. I certainly do not desire it, and I would do
all that the honor of the country would permit to
a\ oid it. But, sii, I believe this countiy is com-
petent to defend itself in a war with Great Britain,
or with Prance, or both, and that the people of
this country would be roused and excited as no
people ever were, if in this period of our calamity,
Gieaf Britain should attempt to interfere with us,
to destroy this country and to overthrow this great
free Government.
I do not regard these fortifications as having the
importance which many give them. 1 think that
if Great lititain should exhibit a disposition to
make war upon usand attack us, the people of our
northern frontier would lush into the Canadas,
and ouj whole frontier would be defended by a
battle ns low down the St. Lawrence as the mouth
of the Ottawa liver certainly, and if wedid not go
to Ciuebee, we should cei tninly seize Montreal,
and thus shut them off from all communication
with everything above it. That, in my opinion,
would be the best and the true means tor our de-
fense in sueh a contingency, and i believe there
are people enough in the States which bolder on
the Biitish possessions to rush there at once and
accomplish that purpose.
I have believed that our best defense for our
northern and western and all our possessions, was
to gather oni forces as rapidly as we could arm
theinand organize them, and precipitate them upon
the insuirectionary forces that are now organized
in the country against us, and inviting attack from
abioad. That is our true mode of defense; and
\e( lain not prepared to lesistthe appiopi intions
foi th'\sc tori ideation^, because a large portion of
oar people desire (hem. Perhaps upon our At-
lanta- sea-hoard we should al way ^ be in a condit ion
to resist any suddi n attack fiom abioad. lam
willing, therefore, that these appi opnations shall
be made; and I rely upon the Administration,
which has the expenditure of the money, if these
appropriations be made, to see to u that no more
shall bo expended for this purpose than the ex-
igency of the public condition requires. For the
larj^e si-apoits which are exposed to incursion,
then should be a sufficient protection against a
•?udden invasion by a fleet. My own opinion is
that our northern frontier is safe in the courage
and in the strength and in the numbers of the peo-
ple who occupy the soil there; and yet there are
many of them who desire at least that tliere should
be this exhibition of a disposition on the part of
the Government to provide for their defense.
The points that have been named m this bill are
pioper and suitable points. There is one not
named in u that, in my judgment, would be a vei y
important point if we were disposed to defend our-
selves by fortifications, and that is Barnharf's
Island, n fort upon which would command the
ship canal on the St. Lawrence at that point. Jn
the event of a war, the Biitish ship canals on the
St. Lawrence could be blown up or d>'stioycd;
but I am not deposed to discuss what we should
do or what we may li" n quired to do m case ofa
collision with Great Britain I believe, as 1 said
before, that the courage and the energy of our
people would rise with the emergency, and give
us safety; and yet I am unwilling to make the
discrimination which the motion of the Senator
from Iowa wouid make in these appropriations.
I have concurred in the passage of this bill, as I
said, relying on the judgment and discretion of
the Administration to expend the money as the
public good and the public necessities may re-
quire, while I would desire that they shall use all
the force they can for the destruction of our enemy
now in the field against us.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, that mode of de-
fending ouiselves in case of a war with Great
Britain did not occur to me. I think there is some-
thing in it. I am inclined to think it would be a
good idea to take possession of the Welland canal,
blow it up, take a run down to Montreal and take
possession of it. If we made as good time towards
Montreal as we have towards Richmond, perhaps
it would be adequate to all the purposes of defense.
1 do not know but that in such an emergency as
that it would be better for us to step across the
Atlantic while we are going in that direction, and
blockade the ports of Great Britain, and not let
any naval armament of theirs come on the ocean
at all, and that would save the necessity o¥ all
these fortifications. Why not make a thorough
thing of it ? Why stop at the mouth of the Ottawa
river3 Why stop at Montreal ? Why balk at Gtuc-
bec? Why not do your business up brown when
you undertake to do it?
The Senator from Iowa moves to strike out the
appropriation for the harbors on the northern fron-
tier. I suppose it will be in order, if it is in order
at all to move to enlarge that appropriation, to
move it before the motion to strike out is put. I
did not make the motion when I was on the floor
before, because I yielded to the suggestion of the
Senatoi ftom Maine, that the motion would be out
of order. I am advised, however, by Senators
who have been a long time in this body, that the
motion would be in order; that when an appro-
priation is proposed for a particular point upon
the recommendation of the head of a Department,
it is quite in order to move to increase that appro-
priation or to diminish it; that we are not bound
by the particular sum recommended by the head
of the Department. I have the rule before me,
and I will read it:
'• Vo amendment propo«In« additional appropriations
shall bo leocived to any cenctal appropriation bill, unless
it be made to canv out the provision*, oi ^ome ef^tin^law,
or some act oi involution previously parsed by the Senate
during that so:=moii, oi moved bj dm etiou of a standing or
select committee or'the Senate, or in puisuanoe of an esti-
mate l'iom the head of some ot the Departments."
This appropriation having been proposed upon
the recommendation of a committee and of the
head ofa Department, [ understand th at it is quite
in order to move to increase it. Upon that ques-
tion 1 shall have to take the opinion of the Chair;
and if in his opinion it is in order, I shall move to
increase the appropriation; if not, I shall confine
myself to voting against the motion to strike out.
The VICE PllESl DENT. The recollection of
the Chair is that it has never been in order to in-
crease an appropi intion by an amendment on the
motion of an individual Senator. Whatever may
have been the practice of the Senate, however, it
seems to the Chair that the rule is very clear and
explicit. " No amendment proposing additional
applanations" shall be received, unless it is
moved in a specific manner. Now, the Senator's
motion is either an amendment, or it is not. If it
is an amendment, certainly the precise language
of the rule covers it, and it is excluded.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Chair to rule,
then, that a motion to increase this appropriation
is not m mder.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatis the impres-
sion of the Chair, according to the rule, and
according to the practice of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I should not have renewed the
proposition but for the fact I have stated: that I
was advised by Senators, in whose judgment and
experience I had the utmost confidence, that the
motion was in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is that those Senators woru mistaken.
The recollection of the Chair as to the practice of
the Senate is the other way.
Mr. HOWE. I shall then confine myself ne-
cessarily to voting agamslthe motion of the Sen-
