$728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
art: not influenced by that feeling which actuates
every other man in the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. How nat-
urally every people's patriotism jumps with its
interest; and how easy it is to believe what we
.wish! Nobody else pretends that Perth Amboy
is superior to every other place in God's world, or
Newport either. Nobody else pretends but what
a number of other places can be found on the face
of the earth just as good as they are; no better,
but just as good. But because these troubles have
occurred in the country, and because, for tempo-
rary reasons merely, this school was moved from
Annapolis, where we have expended our money,
.and, to which there is no objection, which is ac-
knowledged on all hands to be a place which can-
not be excelled, we are now called upon to expend
$1,000,000 in putting up the institution at some
other place. Now, sir, in a money point of view,
in a patriotic point of view, in a point of view
connected with our own national honor and our
national power, 1 say that the question does not
seem to have two sides to it. If it were to have
the effect that it must have-—to bring upon the
people of Maryland the feeling that we desire to
inflict a punishment upon that State, or any por-
tion of it, in the present state of things, as we are
now situated—I would not do it for that reason,
even if I did not believe it to be the best place that
could be found.
The argument, to my mind, is all the other way
.with reference to the whole thing. Why, sir, I
would not vote to-day to move it to Kittery, which
my friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
thinks would be a most excellent place, right
alongside of the Kittery navy-yard, which is in
the State of Maine; and for the reasons that I have
given. When a million of money, or nearly that
amount, has been expended in one place, and the
buildings erected, and there is no reason, as it
strikes me, connected with the place rendering it
an improper one for the location of the school, I
would not vote to spend the people's money in
another place simply because it was near or on
the borders of my own State; that is, I think I
would not. I do not know but if the Legislature
of Maine should vote as the Legislature of Rhode
Island has, and the Legislature of New Jersey
has, that it must necessarily be a most admirable
scheme to have it located in that State, and tell
me I must use my influence to bring it to such a
place, I do not know but I might do it.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. The Senator from Maine
cannot fail to recollect that within one year past
I have voted against the qua si instructions of my
State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my friend from
New Jersey is as honorable a man, as independ-
ent a man, and as much of a man in every way as
anybody. In what I have said I did not mean to
insinuate the contrary with reference to him, or
my friend from Rhode Island, for whom I have
equal regard, I am only speaking of the argu-
ment, the feeling with reference to it. I dare say
I should act in the same way. All I meant to
say was this: that we are naturally influenced,
and perhaps it is well it is so, by the wishes of the
people we represent, and the judgments of the
people we represent, on a matter particularly af-
fecting them. It is right, perhaps, that it should
be so, although we should guard that it did not
carry us to too great an extent.
Now, sir, in reference to this proposition to raise
a commission to examine into this subject, it is
merely another way of keeping a question open
which ought to be settled, in my judgment. I have
no very great faith in these mixed committees of
people who are understood to start with different
opinions and different notions. If a commission
was to be established at all, it should be a com-
mission appointed by the President outside of
Congress, to report to Congress. We do not want
reports from members of this body, particularly
upon subjects upon which those members them-
selves are to actas judges, because they get their
minds settled and fixed one way or the other in
the courss of the investigation, which should be
had here instead of outside of this Chamber, with
reference to such matters.
Mr. COLLAMER. We know as much about
it now as we shall when we get their report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And my friend from Ver-
mont adds, we know as much about it now as we
shall when we get their report, and we are able to
judge as well. It is all under our own eye. Ad-
mitting everything to be true that is stated by gen-
tlemen who have argued this thing, in my judg-
ment it does not begin even to make an argument
in favor of the removal of the school under the cir-
cumstances. 1 shall, therefore, vote against the
proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me that this matter
has given rise to the manifestation of a great deal
of prejudice and feeling and a great deal of resent-
ment in consequence of the course of a portion of
the people of the State of Maryland. There are
two or three ends that ought to be aimed at in the
general policy of the Government—one, stability,
and another, an equal and fair distribution of the
favors and patronage of the Government among
the different sections of the country, so far as it
is practicable. Since the foundation of the Mili-
tary Academy, it has been located in New York;
and I should be much opposed myself to its re-
moval from the State of New York, even to the
State of Kentucky, because of its establishment,
primarily, and its long continuance at West Point.
There is a national armory at Springfield, in the
State of Massachusetts. I should be opposed to
the removal of that establishment to any other
point, even to Kentucky, because of my adherence
to the principle of stability.
Well, sir, fortuitously if you please, when this
Naval School was established it was located at
Annapolis. It has'remained there peacefully and
without objection until the present troubles came
upon the country. If it had not been for those
troubles, I have no idea that there would ever
have been an attempt to remove the Naval School
from Annapolis. Why do gentlemen wish it to
be removed permanently from Annapolis, or to be
located permanently at Newport, or at some other
of the eastern ports? They have avowed then-
reasons. They have manifested the feelings under
which they act. My honorable friend from New
Jersey, who last addressed the Senate, has made
an avowal similar to that of the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony.] Ma-
ryland has been disloyal, they say. Well, she has
been, to some extent. One third of tlie people
have been disloyal, I presume, or something in
that proportion, and two thirds have been loyal.
I ask gentlemen if it becomes statesmen, if it is a
principle of justice, of magnanimity, of national
policy to punish two thirds of the people of Ma-
ryland who have committed no offense, and who
have been guilty of no default to their Govern-
ment, because of the delinquency of the other
third ?
Is that the way gentlemen expect to restore this
Union, and to reestablish peace, confidence, and
fraternity among the people of our common coun~
try ? There are something like ten millions of the
people of the United Slates deeply disaffected with
their Government. These people, in the main,
occupya contiguous local position. Thegreatend
and object of our statesmen, and of the executive
and legislative branchesoftho Government, should
be, by a just and magnanimous policy, to con-
ciliate the disaffected so far as it is piacticable.
When we come to such a State as Maryland, with
one third of her people disaffected and the other
two thirds loyal and true to the Government, for
the purpose of showing our resentment against the
one third who are disloyal are we going to pun-
ish the other two thirds who have been faithful
and true? Why, sir, this example would not act
upon Maryland alone; it would have a pernicious
influence upon the whole of the disaffected portion
of the people, individually and collectively. They
would ask themselves the question, " does it be-
come a magnanimous and great people, and a just
and wise Government, thus to manifest passion
and a purpose to punish two thirds of the inno-
cent people of Maryland because, of the disloyalty
of one third?" Is that to be the spirit and policy
with which the Government is to be administered
in this day of its peril and trial? I hope not.
Mr. President, I deplore the spirit that I have
seen manifest itself upon the present occasion. If
there is one thing on eai th I desire, itis the recon-
struction of this Union, the reestablishmentof the
authority of the Government, and the submission
of every person within the broad limits of our
country to it. I desire that line of policy and course
ofmeasnres adopted which will give thebestprom-
ise to bring about this great and patriotic end, so
necessary to the peace and prosperity of our whole
people. This will never be effected by the spirit
and the line of policy that some Senators have ad-
vocated in this debate. Instead of punishing the
innocent ofMaryland because of the guilty, it be-
comes a great, a just, a magnanimous people and
Government to show their sympathy with those
who are so unfortunate as to have so many dis-
affected and disloyal men among them. It is not
the crime of those who are true and loyal; itis their
misfortune to have so large a proportion of their
neighbors and their State unfaithful and treach-
erous to the Government. Instead of gentlemen
showing, in a feeling of resentment for the guilt
of some, a purpose to take vengeance on those who
have been faithful, they ought to come rather to
the justification, support, and reward of those who
are loyal.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
who last addressed the Senate, said he was not
prepared at this time to vote that the Naval Acad-
emy should be returned to Annapolis. Without
intending the slightest disrespect to him, 1 appre-
hend that he never will be prepared to give such a
vote. I suppose the report of any future commis-
sion that might be raised upon this subject, what-
ever conclusions it would come to, would never
bring him to the point of voting for the restoration
of this Naval School to Annapolis. I do not make
this remark with any purpose of the least personal
discourtesy to the honorable Senator—none what-
ever. But I cannot believe that he could ever be
brought to vote the restoration of the Naval School
to Maryland while she remains a slave State.
I agree with the remark that was made incident-
ally by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
mer] to the gentleman who addressed the Senate
before me, that the Senate are as well prepared to
vote on this subject now as it will be at any future
time, and that any report which any commission
that may be raised might make to the Senate,
would not give to the Senate any more light or
competency to vote on this subject when the report
should be made than itis now in possession of. I
feel assured myself—it may be a conclusion that
I am not authorized in reaching, but I feel assured
that if Maryland was now a free State, and had
not the misfortune to have a considerable portion
of her population African slaves, there would be
no opposition to the return of the Naval Academy
to Annapolis.
Mr. ANTHONY. You are very much mis-
taken there.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think,at least, the op-
position would be as strong as it has manifested
itself here in this debate. The Senator from
Rhode Island probably might not be in favor oi
it; but I think with his fine port of Newport, and
with the great naval and commercial advantages
of New England, and with the number of pub-
lic institutions that are located within the borders
of those States, and with their great amount ot
mind and industry and enterprise and wealth, and
the great attachment to the Union and the Con-
stitution of Rhode Island, and so deeply imbued
as she is with the sentiments of Washington
against sectionalism, that she, though the smallest
in the Union in point of territory, but one of the
greatest and noblest in soul, ought to give her
ready consent for this Naval School to return to
Annapolis, and not set up any invidious preten-
sion in favor of it for herself. I do wish that the
gallant and whole-souled little State of Rhode
Island would act upon this principle of mag-
nanimity and justice.
I have no interest in this matter. Maryland is
not my native State, but it was the native State
of my parents; and next to the State of my birth
I feel my heart bound by ligaments strong as steel
to the State of Maryland. I feel that something
like injustice is about to be done to that State in
this matter; and I deeply deprecate it. I depre-
cate it for many reasons. I deprecate it because
it manifests a spirit particularly towards Mary-
land that does exist and must exist in relation to
all the seceding and the slave States, and which,
in my judgment, will prove a greater obstruction
to the settlement of our present difficulties, and
the restoration of the Union and the Government
as it once was, than all other causes. I tiust that
gentlemen will think soberly in relation to this
matter; that they will permit their reason and their
patriotism to conquer their resentments and their
prejudices; that they will set their faces and give
their votes against sectionalism, even in the in-
