248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f June 3,
37th Gong....2d Sess.
Emancipation and its Results, dcc.—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
has 2,303,374 white people. She would then have,
at a ratio of one black to every three persons, an
addition of 767,791 to her biack population ! My
district, composed of Franklin, Licking, and Pick-
away counties, where negroes seem to congregate
more than among their professed friends in north-
ern Ohio, would have scattered among its 110,941
persons, blacks to the number of 36,980 ! This
is nearly equal to the whole population of Lick-
ing county! They would be distributed as fol-
lows: Licking, 12,370; Franklin, 16,787; and Pick-
away, 7,823.
But even this does not do justice to the inexor-
able figures, for my district is peculiarly blessed
with negro population. Whether it is because
the people are more generous in their treatment
of the blacks; whether Kentucky and Virginia
families who settled in it are more numerous; or
what it is, still it is true, by the census of 1860,
that with a population in my district of about one
twentieth of the whole population of the State, it
has one fourteenth of its blacks, or 2,660 out of
36,673.
Whites. Blacks.
Licking has  36,868 143
Franklin has  48,783 1,578
Pickaway has  22,530 939
108,181 2,660
One would suppose that in the Western Re-
serve, where the profession of philanthropy is
ever arising in prayer, in speech, and in print,
where for years they cultivated no civil discipline,
which interfered with their notions of slavery,
there would be throngs of blacks. Is it so? Thou
iron-tongued census, speak!
Colored persons in—
Ashtabula.
25
Cuyahoga, (Cleveland)   894
Lake  * * o*
Mahoninib  
Portage    76
Trumbull  ' g*
Geuuga      ,,,,  . 7
Lor,une, (Oberlin) . " .  mq
Medina..;   38
Summit  I[ 83
Total.
.1,854
So that, in these ten counties of the Western
Reserve, thereare but a few more Africans than in
one county of my district! Why they especially
avoid Ashtabula I cannot say. Is it the prodigal
profession and scant practice of humanity?
[Laughter.] Or has Grid dings, with a view to pro-
tect property and keep up its price, coaxed them
into Canada, where, happily, he is now domiciled?
And there is Geauga, with not as many negroes
as E1 ulton county has Indians! Whata commen-
tary on representative fidelity is here! The mem-
ber from Ashtabula, Mahoning, and Trumbull
(.Mr. IIutchins] speaks for one hundred and
sixty-six negroes; but from his piteous ado, one
would suppose that he represented at least as many
Africans as the king of Dahomey. [Laughter.!
1 r JJre 18 my smilinS colleague from the north-
west, [Mr. Ashley,] whose rotund form is ready
to become like Niobe—all tears-by his grief for
the poor negro; [laughter;] whose gushes of elo-
quence in their behalf remind one of the Arab
lyrics in praise of the dark maidens of Abyssinia
whentheysung: " Oh! the black amber! theblack
amber. Its perfume by far, is sweeter than all else
on earth or in star; the lotus of Nile, the rose of
Cashmere, my senses enthrall when thou art not
here. [Great laughter.] Yet, from the whole
eleven counties of hia district, he cannot count as
mneSroes by half as live in my own county.
n° ParUc 'a''1y proud of representing a
reater number of Africans than my colleagues.
I think so far as the chattering goes about their
inalienable rights and everlasting wrongs I am
entirely unsuited to represent them; yet I hone
that in actual kindness to them I do represent the
white people of my district, whose practical be-
nevolence has attracted to that portion of the State
an undue share. What I fear is, and what I de-
duce is, that this disproportionate share will be
continued when the bills voted for by my col
leagues are law, and the black exodus has begun
I understand that it is the intention of some of
my Republican colleagues to begin the work of
negro immigration by taking a drove of these free
negroes to their districts. If they will keep them
on the reserve, I will not complain. Their mo
tives may be good; humanity and duty may re
quire it of them, since their clamor has brought
them into their helplessness here; but such hu-
manity will be like giving a crumb to a hungry
man. The workof negro emancipation is stupend-
ous, the expense enorm®is, and the result will
be a perfect failure.
But I propose, sir, to make a further analysis
of this subject. I have the honor, as it is fondly
believed by some, to be a prospective constituent
of either my friend from the Clark district, [Mr
Shellabarger,] or the honored representative
of the Madison district, [Mr. Harrison,] with
whose votes I so often concur. The Legislature
of Ohio has made for my especial contemplation
a new district, composed of the counties of Clark
Madison, Franklin,and Greene. Ifmy two friends,
who do not agree well in their vote«, will consent
to make the mcc next fall, I will, perhaps, edge
in a conservative word for the general welfare
I commend to them this question I am discussing.
This new district, sir, is rich in colored materi-
als. It was the select asylum for the blacks in their
northern movement. Greene county, to which
I have referred for the chastity of its African dam-
sels, is a second Paradise for free negroes. The
benevolence of Horace Mann at Antioch College,
led the blacks to believe that here they would re-
pose in the green pastures as contentedly as their
brethren bask in the rays of a Congo sun. They
were to be elevated without effort to an equality
with the white race; and here they gathered to
witness the miracle. That it has not been effected
is no fault of the distinguished philanthropist.
The people of Greene county well understand
why it can never be accomplished. Let me then
take this new district in hand for a moment:
Whites.
Franklin has  48,783
Madison has    12,739
Clark has   24,808
Greene has     24,722
Negroes,
1,578
276
492
1,475
Total.
50,361
13,015
25,300
26,197
1H,052 3,821 114,873
Here are twice as many negroes as in the whole
Western Reserve. One negro to every three
white persons would give:
£ra"k,in  
Madison  4W
ei«rk t'<m
Greene. 8$B
Making in all a total ol blacks in this new dis-
trict of 37,017! A very pretty mosaic ! A sweet
and fragrant nest! And this is the Afric's coral
strand, to which my missionary labors are to Be
directed! Why, here are one tenth of the negroes
of Ohio in this district, with only one twentieth
of the population of the State! So that in this
district, if the ratio continued, we should have
twice as many as our fair share, (at one negro to
three of the white population,) or some eighty
thousand negroes!
How will this immigration of the blacks affect
labor m Ohio and in the North?
First, directly, it affects our labor, as all unpro-
ducing classes detract from the prosperity of a
community. Ohio is an agricultural State. Ne-
groes will not farm. They prefer to hie or serve
around towns and cities. This is evident from
the census of Cincinnati, Cleveland, Toledo, Day-
ton, Columbus, Zanesville and Chillicothe, where
more than three fourths of the blacks of Ohio
finn h f° L But ls il said that the planta-
tion hands, when free, will work the lands?
buch is not the experience on the Carolina coast.
Wt nV," e Boston Journal, from Port Royal,
on the 14th of May, 1862, estimates that there
aie ten thousand contrabands on the islands.
Ihey have planted some corn, potatoes, and
cotton, under the Government direction. This
writer says:
Ihem'tn8 nnw" 10 the npgi°es work, or induce
thi™ £' eat 7e,r NorU,') as ,hey flnd some~
are 5nt < f?L ,ass? Lincoln, and seem to feel tliev
? L I ".lg8crs if they work. So they often take
are nertiaOTVSn-fdayi! 1'? thel,lselvcs> when their services
fort For inTni a"d 8° 10 Hilton.Head or Beau-
rtmviiw 2=S01?e Ground had been prepared for
P ^8 find planting but ilist as fliuv mdvo .i-_
SSSBfllPm*
ssswssraraaSeHSl
Will they do any better North ? We know what
they have done. There aie exceptions. I speak
of the masses of blacks. Have they done any bet-
ter at Portress Monroe, or even here, under mili-
tary surveillance? Let their condition answer.*
Pood for the present is what they crave; and
when that is had, no more work till they crave
again.
But suppose they do work, or work a little, or
a part of them work well; what then is the effect
upon our mechanics and laboring men ? It is said
that many of them make good blacksmiths, car-
penters, &c., and especially good servants. Ifthat
be so, thereare white laborers North whose sweat
is to be coined into taxes to ransom these negroes;
and the first effect of the ransom is to take the
bread and meat from the families of white labor-
ers. If the wages of white labor are reduced, they
will ask the cause. That cause will be found in
the delusive devices of members of Congress.
The helps of German and Irish descent, the work-
men and mechanics in the shop and field, will find
some, if not all, of these negroes, bought by their
toil, competing with them at every turn. Labor
will then go down to a song. It will be degraded
by such association. Our soldiers, when they re-
turn, one hundred thousand strong, to their Ohio
homes, will find these negroes, or the best of them,
filling their places, felling timber, plowing ground,
gathering crops, &c. How their martial laurels
will brighten when they discover the resultof their
services ! Labor that now ranges at from one to
two dollars per day, will fall to one half. Already,
in this District the Government is hiring out the
fugitives at from two to eight dollars per month,
while white men are begging for work. Nor is
the labor of the most of these negroes desirable.
Nosystem oflaborisso unless it besteady. They
will get their week's wages, and then idle the next
week away. Many will become a charge and a
nuisance upon the public charity and county poor
tax. One hundred of the fifteen hundred negroes
of Greene county, as we have seen, were drones
and scamps. So in Brown county. Randolph's
negroes, taken to Mercer county, were nuisances.
If they are distributed into the country, they may
work for a little time and for small wages, and
work well for a time; but when work grows irk-
some, and they "become too lazy to play,"they
will steal. Corn and chickens disappear in their
vicinage, with the facility of shirts from the hedges
where Falstaff marched his tatterdemallions.
And for this result directly to northern labor,
what compensation is there to the southern half
of our country by their removal ? Herein lies the
indirect effect of their immigration upon northern
labor. By this emancipation, the labor system
of the South is destroyed. The cotton, which
brought us §200,000,000 per annum, a good part
of which came to Ohio to purchase pork, corn,
flour, beef, machinery, &c., where is it? Gone.
What of the cotton fabric, almost as common as
bread among the laboring classes! With four
millions of indolent negroes, its production is de-
stroyed, and the ten millions of artisans in the
world who depend on it for employment, and the
hundred million who depend on it for clothing,
will find the fabric advanced a hundred per cent.
, , with sugar, and other productions of slave
labor. For all these results, labor will curse the
jostling elements which thus disturb the markets
of the world.
Another indirect effect upon the labor of the
clu c, especially of Ohio, is that the markets
ot the South will be closed, not by blockade,
but forever. Our prices of corn, wheat, pork,
beef, &o. will be reduced by a contracted market.
os nonUnnnu the Past year was> of grain>
Qnn noo bushels; of hogs, 1,000,000; of cattle,
nnn nn?ports *rom .the State, or more than
§oU,U0U,000 worth; while other articles of export
were worth $50,000,000 more. This production
is above that which Ohio can use. If our market
is restricted who suffers? The farmer. If he suf-
fers, who will pay'the taxes in Ohio? Prices
must be remunerative or agriculture suffers. If
agriculture suffers in Ohio, every man, woman
and child feels it. Ifthisscheme for Africanizing
the btate, by destroying southern labor, succeeds,
no fostering care or scientific skill can make up
the loss to the farmer. Such schemes, by de-
stroying the sources of labor, destroy themselves
