1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
ator from Iowa, to strike out this appropriation.
I do not think if at all adequate. I do not think
it will pi eve very useful, hut I am unwilling that
a votcshall pass the Senate,if! can avoid it, which
will ignore the impoitance to the country of the
northern frontier. Much that the Senator from
Iowa has said is undoubtedly true, and he never
speaks to the Senate without giving some instruc-
tion. There is undoubtedly considerable tiuthin
his rcmoi k that any fortifications which we might
build at Mackinaw or elsewhere on that frontier
would not be in a state of readiness to afford us
protection against a sudden and immediate war.
X suppose that is quite as true of ail the fortifica-
tions proposed upon the Atlantic, and I do not see
why the same rule should not deter us from mak-
ing appropriations for fortifications upon the At-
lantic coast as well as upon the lake coast. I shall,
however, not pursue the debate further, but shall
feel compelled to vote to retain the insignificant
appropiiation provided for us m this bill, in the
hope that heieafter the country will feci better
able and more willing to do justice to itself in that
quarter.
For the contingency right here upon us, I agree
entirely with the Senator from New York. His
plan for meeting the woik of to-day is undoubt-
edly the true plan. 1 have felt for months that we
had in our hands the means, if we knew how to
employ them, or would employ them as they ought
to be employed, to crush this rebellion long ago,
and to give peace to the whole country and to put
ourselves in thatcondition in which we had stood
for half a century—-a condition to defy the world.
I should like to see those means employed, and
employedjustmthatdirection; bntl do not think
it necessary, because that, is the proper work to
be done in refeience to this particular occasion,
that we should i^noie the fact that other occasions
have threatened us, and that sooner or later they
will threaten us again.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes.]
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
*be taken on all the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole together, unless a sepaiate
vote shall be asked upon any one of them.
The amendments were concurred m.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Air. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the en-
tire bill after the word " repairs " in the fifth line
of the llrst section, and to insert:
Fot exi-miT? foitificaiions, <\.0u0,000.
Foi such u oik- oi dcu-iisc us in. tiie opinion ol the Fioi-
dent ure nee-"k aiy i«>r the iiuincdintc dcieuoe nf i!x„ i-ea-
coa.-t an! northr-ui fionw-i, <-"gOna.OflO
For bud<re ti.ini- cWd equipa^' fot ntmi'^ in the field,
$500,OUU.
Foi contingencies ol foitnicatimT*, MtK>,000.
X will only add a word to what I said before.
I propose to strike out the specific apptopiia-
tions m the bill for existing fortifications, and
to insert an appropriation of §3,000,000, one mil-
lion for the completion of existing fortifications,
and two millions to bo used as the President may
deem proper, for any immediate emergency. This
is an important subject, l>ocause it may affect our
foreign relations, i do not know how it may be
regarded abroad; but as prudent Senators and as
prudent citizens, we ought to regard every ac-
tion of ouis now with a view to its effect abroad,
it does seem to me that when we appropriate
these verylatge sums of money to build fortifica-
tions on our noithern frontier, and especially in
the light of this debate; when we propose to de-
stroy the Welhmd enna', to fortify Portland, and
to expend over SlX millions of doilais at a time
when otn secuiitie* are below par, to defend our-
selves against a future enemy that is now our
friend, we shall be very apt to excite antago-
nisms, and L think this day's work will be regarded
as indicating an uniiiendly spirit that ought not
to be. There is no occasion for a quarrel between
this cuunti yand England. The ror.trove rsy about
tiie Trent has now Happily passed ovei. If the
sani<; spirit tb.it actuates the leC'iit eV'ssagO oi
tho Fieci-h R;nper.)i to the Chamh'-r of Deputies
a'-taates also the British ministry, then- is n > oc-
casion for quaii«"'l, and we ought not to introduce
v. m any way whi'evr: end vet we ought to
protect ourselves against contingencies. This
amendment of mine will suspend or postpone for
the time being the completion of existing fortifi-
cations in the same way that they have been for
the last three or four years. We have made no
appropriations for fortifications for two years, 1
believe, except to continue them in repair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes, we have, and
for building now ones.
Mr. SHERMAN. The fortification bill of last
year does not exceed a million and a half of
dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The appropriations have
been smaller than formerly, it is true.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to continue that
system; to appropriate £1,000,000, just about the
same sum that has been appropriated for a few
years past for existing works, and to place in the
power of the President the sum of $2,000,000, to
meet any immediate emeigeney, winch can only
arise in case we should be involved in war with
England.
There is another consideration. If we shall be
involved in war with England, or any foreign
Power, Congress will undoubtedly be in session.
If it is not in session at the time, it will be imme-
diately called together, and then we can ptovide
for that emergency, and if further appropriations
be necessary, we can make them. But it does seem
to me that for us now to appropriate §6,500,000
for fortifications that can only be used against tho
English Govei nment,ata time when we have more
than our hands full, when we are expending nearly
one third of the annual productions of this coun-
try, will be looked upon as an invidious threat
against that Power, which we ought not at this
time to make.
I make this movement in earnest. I made the
same motion substantially m the Committee on
Finance, if it is the pleasure of the Senate, 1
should like to have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mi. HOWARD, if the Senator from Ohio
will answer me one question, I shall be very much
obliged to him. I desire to know whether he docs
not conceive that Great Britain has made a threat
against this country; whether it is not his opinion
that she has exhibited a temper and spiiitata
proper time to carry out that threat.
Mr. SHERMAN, i will say that, during the
Trent controversy, undoubtedly there was an ex-
hibition of temper on her part; and we escaped
war, ( think, simply by the care and the wise
foresight of our Se< rotary of State. Then she
made a threat. If it was necessary to meet that
threat, I would have met it m the same spirit that
our ancestors did before, with war, if nocessary.
But now that cloud has passed away. Shall we
renew the threat after the. difficulty is settled:
There has been no threat made by England since
that difficulty was settled, it is true the English
newspapers have said a Grout many unkind things;
but suppose they were to take our own newspa-
peis,and eull fiom them threats against England,
and were to take extracts from this debate in the
Senate, I ask you whether able and powerful ora-
tors in England would not be able, to draw, even
out of our debate here, threats against Great Brit-
am; and yet it is not the design of the Senate to
threaten England. Theie have been no threats
recently from England; on the contnuy, I think,
on the whole, the spirit of the English preps has
been kindly. The more vindictive and violent of
all th'1 English newspapers—the Loudon Tim< s—
has recently ad\ "-rated the laying aside of the hos-
tile language they indulged in a month or two ago.
I think, therefore, theie is no threat made by the
English Government or by the English people;
and we shall remain friends, unless we irritate
each other until we get in a condition where we
shall both want to quairel and light; a fight that,
in my judgment, will be the most disastrous to
both nations of any contest in th" histoiy of the
woild, because wo have now greater power to in-
jure each other than any two nations m ancient or
modem times, t would avoid ail threats, all con-
t< ntton, a!i stnft . tnr to live m peace- w 1th foreign
natmns until we subdue thi s ic beiiion, and that is
ta?-V enough, at least, for tins n-onerntion of men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What has been said by
the Si j ' ti r from Ohio will, perhaps, excuse me
f>ir saying a few woids in reply. In tba first
place, the Son itor Aom Ohio stands alone in his
views m legard to the t.ystem cf jppropiunions
for fort iji cations. Pic- is for organising an en tin ly
new system, and that is, to appropriate a large
sum of money, three millions of dollars, or three
and a half millions, and put it into the hands
of the President, with no specific object desig-
nated, but leaving it to him to expend it as he sees
fit. That is contrary entirely to the system that
has-been pursued by this Government from the
beginning. We have held to specific appropri-
ations, and given the President of the United
States, the executive power uf the country, as
little discretion on the subject of spending money
as we could consistently with the public interests.
The Senator takes also a view of this case en-
tirely different from that which is taken by the
cxecutivedepai tmcnt. These appropriations come
fiom the executive department. They arc recom-
mended to us by the President himself through
the Secretary of War. Having their approval, I
say the Senator stands opposing not only all
former precedents, but the advice of the executive
department itself. There would be something
more in what the Senator has said, if this was
commencing a new system,but it is not. We are
going on simply with what wo have been doing
hitherto, year after year, appropriating money for
the continuance of old works, and for the com-
mencement of new works. In this bill wo pro-
pose to commence no new works whatever; but
we simply propose to do as we have done hereto-
fore in the course of years—every year since I have
been a member of the Senate—appropriate money
for the purpose of strengthening the defenses of
the country, carrying on our original policy as
recommended by Washington, of preparing for
war in time of peace.
At this particular time we are in a different
position. Everybody sees that we are. It is to
be presumed that there is good sense among other
people of the world as well as ourselves. We
are, for instance, at war with what are called the
confederate States. A large amount of the money
appropriated in this bill is for the continuance of
fortifications necessary to us on the southern
border, particularly those commanding the Gulf
of Mexico, and the appropriations are also in-
creased with reference to other points of defense.
Is there any reason why they should not be, and
why tin's increase should not be made? Docs
not everybody sec the position in which we stand
with regard to foreign nations? Because we sec
that position ourselves and lecognize it, is it
necessarily to bo concluded that we are threaten-
ing foreign nations, and desire to got into a war
with them? Sir, I beg leave to repeat what I
said befon*. It is obvious to every man's mind
that we aie engaged at present m a war which
may, in spite of all our endeavors to preserve
peace, bring about collisions with foreign Powers.
1 hope it will not; I believe it will not; I see no
reason why it should; and yet I cannot shut my
eyes to the fact that we weie but a very few days
ago on the brink of war with the most powerful of
those nations, especially in naval force. What
, has happened once may happen again. We know
; not We did not willingly seek a contest at that
I time,and yet we were accused abroad everywhere
! of seeking a contest. We shall not willingly
I seek to complicate our difficulties in the future;
j and yet it may be impossible to avoid it m spite
I of all that we endeavor to do.
| Now, sir, under such circumstances, is it good
; sense to leave everything as it is, not to take the
I oidmary means which ovoiy nation may take,
1 with all respect to the public opinion of the woild
I with regard to its piesent position and its present
' difficulties? Suiely not. Let mo say to my hon-
.! orabie friend from Ohio, that no nation in the
■ world can take exception to a cours>. of this kind
I on our part, unless it wishes to take that excep-
! tion: and if there be now any nation that wishes
! to take exception to what we do, if it does not
find this pretense it will find some other. Is it,
i: theiofon , the pait of wisdom m us to rest quiet
o and contented, and not e\en take the ordinaiy
j, stops which a nation may will take m time of
,; peace, v. ith regard to its defense, because, perhaps,
!1 some nation may take offense theieat ? I trust not,
I behove not. I Inheve with my friend, that many
things h a o been said in this debate, as to what
iI might be demo here or what might be done tlicne,
■ v/luoh an not, perhaps, wise; and stdl if we speak
at all, we must speak of things as they are. It is
not necessai Ily a throat to anybody.
On a former occasion, in reference to a peace-
