1862.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1?69
them by force itself. This important point is,
therefore, met 111 the fifth section, by giving the
President power to extend pardon and amnesty
to the masses, and to hold the guilty leaders for
condign punishment.
Finally, the sixth section, as I understand it,
embraces substantially the purposeofthe resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman,] by providing that in any State, or part
thereof, where the inhabitants have continued in
rebellion six months after a proclamation of the
President declaring the existence of rebellion, he
may fix a day on which all slaves in such State,
or part of a State, shall be free. Substantially,
then, the propositions of the gentlemen from Ohio
and Pennsylvania are included in this.
By this proposition, confiscation of property
and the freedom of slaves are secured in a legiti-
mate wayf and in a mode which will not intensify
the rebellion; but rather hold out the strongest
inducements for a voluntary return of the people
of the rebellious States to their allegiance. I prefer
it to all the pending bills, and 011 the first oppor-
tunity I wilt move it as a substitute forsomepne
of them.
Mr. WRIGHT obtained the floor.
Mr. PORTER. 1 ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to me to move that the further
consideration of this question be postponed until
.Tuesday next, and that it be made a special order.
1 will call for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 do not yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana to move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed.
Mr. Speaker, I have but little to say on the
proposition now pending. As a general rule, I
have no objection that the Government shall con-
fiscate the propeity of those who have been en-
gaged in this monstrous rebellion against the Gov-
ernment. Those who have been engaged in the
attempt to overthrow this free Government ought
to have their property confiscated. But, with the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Walton,] 1 am
inclined to think that there ought to be some line
of discrimination. While it would be proper and
just to confiscate the property of the leaders and
'instigators of this lebellion, yet it would not be
propel or just to confiscate the property of those
who have been compelled into the service of the
confederateStates. How this discrimination shall
be made is a very important question.
In regard to the amendments proposed to this
bill, there are, I think, objections to be taken to
them. It is provided as follows:
Stc.2. And be it farther enacted, Tliat to pucuie pos-
ses-sion of any of such piopcity situate and being m loyal
Sute& or di-5tuet<%n wluch the oidtiuny cnui*e ol'judieuil
pioe^cdins- is n<H obsti noted by the lebcliioii, pioceedino
in rem s-IkiII be instituted 111 the name of the Untied vSutes,
in any di&ti tot coum of the United States, wiihin which
the c-tate or piopjity do^eubed m the fir*t section, 01 any
pait theieof, ma> be"found, which ptoceedm2< shall con-
lorm, a^ nearly as« ni.n be, to pioceedin^ in puze e.i>e-,
or to cases of tbrteiluie nuung under the revenue- law*;
and m all cases th'1 propeit} adjudged to be the propcity
of am pcison dot enhod ut the first section, whethei real
or peUonal, shall be sold and convcjed u> the purchaser
as any ?aloo( propwilj'in execution, and the pioeeeds shall
be depo>ited 111 the Treasuiy of the United States.
I suppose the proceedings m prize cases dis-
penses with the intervention of a jury.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is there
not a difference in prize proceedings and proceed-
ings for forfeiture? There certainly is, and yet
they are spoken of as the same in all of these
propositions.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would hold it as a general
rule m regard to the momentous question of for-
fuiuug the entire estate of nn individual for having
taken up arms against the Government, that there
should be the intervention of a jury. I would not
give up that great Magna Charta principle of our
Constitution—the trial by jury. The Piesident
is authorized by this bill in suppressing the pres-
ent insurrection, wherever practicable, to take
possession of ail the property, real or personal,
belonging to a certain class of peisons. It in-
cludes all of those who aie in the service of, or
hold commissions, in theiebel army, and all who
hold civil appointments under the confederate
government. And it is furthei provided as fol-
lows:
Thnt the propeity seized under the fust section of this
net, siliia:'1 and b< my in States or districts in winch the
oniin'ii v com -e ot judicial prut ceding is ob^tiueted by the
lCUellioii, tllall be used, occupied, rented, or held, until the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings shall be restored in
the State or district 111 which such property is situate, when
proceedings in rem shall be instituted in the mode prescribed
in the second section of tin- act: PioiMcd, That articles
of subsistence, or of a perishable nnttire, seized under this
bill, shall be used or sold as the interests of the service
require.
That squints towards an apology for a judicial
hearing, but not by a jury. I, for one, will never
support any proposition that deprives any man of
the right of a trial by jury.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Not one of
these bills provides for a trial by jury or by the
court.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The bill of Judge
CoLLAMER does.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It proposes
that the judge sitting in the court shall have dis-
cretion to decide whether a man shall be hung or
imprisoned for five years. It is the most mon-
strous proposition ever presented to a legislative
body.
Mr. WRIGHT. I agree with the gentleman;
it is monstrous. I again call attention to the sec-
tion of the bill which I have read. These pro-
ceedings are to be in the nature of proceedings in
case of the violation of the revenue laws. Now,
that is not the kind of proceeding that should di-
vest a man, even though he be a rebel, Jeff Davis,
for example, of his whole estate, real, personal,
and mixed; you ought, at least, in a matter of so
momentous a character as this, to go through the
form of a tiial. You ought at least to give a man
who has held the position of captain 01 lieutenant
in the army of the southern confederacy a trial
with regard to the mode and manner ill which he
went theic—whether it was his own voluntary act
or whether he was there by compulsion. I have
no doubt that there are not only hundreds of men
but thousands of men enrolled 111 the ranks of khe
rebel army and now fighting against the Govern-
ment who are there by the compulsory process of
the confederate institutions, against their own will
and their own inclination. I have heard within
the last few weeks of instances of impressmenton
the part of the lebel authorities that have been of
the most arbitrary and cruel character.
Now, I maintain that wheie a man has been
forced into the rebel service against his own free
will, it would be unjust to render his property
liable to seizure and confiscation without even the
formality of a trial, simply because you happen
to find a rebel uniform upon his person. He ought
at least to be allowed the privilege that has never
been denied in this country, the right of trial by
a jury of his peers. If a bill shall be introduced
here containing a provision that a man shall have
a trial by jury to ascertain whether he is a traitor
or not, because his conviction for treason neces-
sarily makes his property liable to seizure and
forfeiture and confiscation, it will afford me great
satisfaction to give my adhesion to such a principle.
To confiscate, you must sustain the charge of trea-
son. I do not think that the leaders of this rebel-
lion, that is, the men who gave it life and have
raised it to its present gigantic propoitions, ought
to escape with the confiscation of their property.
I think as to them we ought to go one step further.
They deserve not only the confiscation of their
property, but they deserve death or exile. I do
not speak of that large multitude, the hundreds
1 of thousands of men who have been forced into
the confederate service, perhaps under a wrong
impression and under bad advice, many of them
minors, who have not yet arrived at years of dis-
j cretion. I speak of men who have arrived at 111a-
| turity, and who ought at least to be regarded as
I men of sound judgment and discretion. I speak
, of such men as Davis and Toombs and Cobb and
! Slidcll and Mason and Benjamin. I speak of men
II of that character; and I say further that the Gov-
I; ernment ought never to be satisfied with the mere
| confiscation of their property or their imprison-
ment. There is 110 place nulnsUnion where they
j' ought to be permitted to live. Let them go and
I remain 111 exile; or if tliev be arrested, let them
suffer the penalty which tine laws of the country
have provided for cases of treason. Their crimes
have been motistrous, and so should their punish-
!l ment be. We must diaw a distinction between
II the leaders, the men who hold commissions in the
I1 rebel army, and the men who carry the muskets.
! If you attempt, as has been well said by the gen-
ii tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Walton',] an mdis-
|; criminate policy with regard to punishment and
confiscation, and forfeit the property of ail men
who happen to be serving in the rebel army, or
to hold some unimportant office under the rebel
government, you are adopting a rule that cannot
be carried out; and will have a load upon your
shoulders that vou cannot sustain.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that the proposition I made
embraces all that?
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir, it does not. I am
doing the gentleman from Vermont ample justice
for the enlarged view that he takes of this question.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. Then I misun-
derstood the gentleman.
Mr. WRIGHT. The experience of the past
teaches us that highly penal laws arc too often
disregarded. It is better, if you would enforce
the law, to adopt a safe rule of legislation, and
make the punishment certain, and limit its oper-
ation to the ringleaders of the rebellion, than to
attempt, as the amendmentdoes, to pass a law,ap-
plicable to five or six hundred thousand men.
There must be at least three or four hundred thou-
sand men in the rebel military service, and per-
haps fifty thousand more in civil employments;
and if you include the aiders and abettors you may
have a million of men. Would you punish this
numberfor treason and confiscate their property?
If Burke could not frame an indictment against
a nation, I very much question whether you can
punish a nation in thftnanner this bill proposes.
You have not the power in your Government to
enforce it, and it will become a dead letter on your
statute-book, merely from the fact that its propor-
tions are so large and its punishments so enormous
that you cannot possibly carry it into execution.
Let us, therefore, draw aline of discrimination with
regard to the men whose property shall be taken.
And let us not only do that, but let us also intro-
duce a clause to correspond with the genius and
spirit of the age, that 110 man's propeity shall be
taken, and that no man shall be subjected to im-
piisonment without that important privilege which
has been handed down to us by our fathers, the
right of trial by a jury of his peers. This bill con-
tains no supli provision. The proceeding in rem,
provided for in the second section ought to be a
proceeding against the person. This proceeding
in rem is never resorted to when you cannot reach
the individual, hut where you have an opportu-
nity of reaching the person, it is a thing unknown
in the law to resort to a proceeding against prop-
el ty or a proceeding in rem.
Now, with regard to the clause contained in the
fourth section, as to persons held to service or
labor, I am not certain in my own mind whether
there is any proceeding contemplated in the bill
to reach that species of property; at least I have
read the bill very carefully, and it seems to me
that there is a distinction drawn between slaves,
or persons held to service or labor, and property
of other kinds and descriptions. I would put alt
upon the same basis. It is idle, after the experi-
ence of some eighty years and upwards, and after
the principle has been established by the Supreme
Court of the United States, to deny the fact that
slaves are property. We must at least treatthem
as such with regard to legislation, or else we shall
be unable to accomplish the very object that we
are in pursuit of.
The remarks which I have made have been
thrown out hastily and without consideration. I
think that the piovision with regard to trial by
jury, and also a provision with regard to proceed-
ings against the person where you can get at the
person, ought to be embodied m the bill. I am
entirely willing, as I said before, to vote for any
reasonable measure for the confiscation of the
property of the leaders of the rebellion, but I do
not want to make a gencial thing of it, applicable
to so numerous a class, because then the law it-
self would necessarily be inoperative. The Con-
stitution defines treason. " It consists in levying
war against the United States; or in adhering to
its enemies, giving them aid and comfort." It
also vests in Congress the nature and character of
the punishment; limiting corruption of blood 01"
forfeiture of property to the life of the person, on
the attainder of treason. The House will there-
fore see the necessity of first establishing the guilt
of the person charged with treason before they
confiscate lus estate. I do not, I must confess,
exactly see how you can get at the property of
the person by a proceeding against his estate,
