748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ful measure, the tariff biH, when we passed it a
abort time ago, and we were told that it would
give offense to foreign Powers, I said that it was
none of their business what we did in regard to
our own domestic affairs; and so long as we scru-
pulously regard the rights of other nations, so
long as we keep ourselves strictly within inter-
national law, no one has a right to take exception
to us because we simply do that which all nations
do in time of peace, and more particularly attend
to when their situation is such that they may sud-
denly fall upon war without being aware of the
causes that led to it. Now, therefore, while I say-
that there is no man in this Senate, or in the coun-
try, who more strongly desires peace with all na-
tions than I do; while there is no man who believes
more than I do^that no occasion of offense to for-
eign Powers ought to grow out of our present
complication among ourselves, I cannot shut my
eyes to the fact that in the difficulties that natur-
ally arise from it, such things may happen; and
I will not, with that looking me in the face, hesi-
tate to do in time of war (when difficulties are not
probable, but possible) that which we have a right
to do with reference to the same subject in time
of peace, simply because other people may ask
us why we do it.
With reference to the appropriation that is made
in this bill for the lakes, I have thought from the
beginning, as has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa, that there was no need really of
our troubling ourselves about the lakes. In my
judgment, there is no danger; there is no expo-
sure ih that particular section of the country to
any naval attack from foreign Powers that we
cannot promptly and readily meet. I therefore
think that appropriation unnecessary; but as a
practical man, legislating in a large body like this,
when a bill is brought into either branch of Con-
gress appropriating money, which is applicable to
one section of the country alone, to one fringe, if
you please, one border, 1 know that it is natural
perhaps, at any rate it is true, that all other sec-
tions of the country where it is possible to expend
money in the same way and for the same objects,
think or are apt to think that they are neglected,
and will be the losers if appropriations are not
made there, too. Therefore, I would not vote to
strike out this appropriation, even though I
should think it was unnecessary. I have that
respect for my brethren of the West, that consid-
eration for their views and the opinions of their
friends at home, that when I am placing money at
the discretion of the Executive for erecting works
in one section of the country, if there is reason-
able ground,on their part, to suppose thatitmay
be necessary in their States, I will make the ap-
propriations, and leave it to the Departments to
act according to the contingencies of the case.
They cannotacton all these subjects at once, and
I have no doubt they have correct views on the
subject.
Now, sir, the conclusion of all, in my own
mind, is that when the Executive itself has rec-
ommended this bill, and when it is in accotdance
with the precedents, with all that we have done
before, there is no occasion for varying from if,
simply on account of the condition we are in. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio will not be adopted by the
Senate,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Ohio request the yeas and nays on his amend-
ment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.TEN* EYCK. At the risk of detaining the
Senate at a moment when it may be supposed to
be amiss, as the yeas and nays have been called
for, I desire to say that as highly as I respect the
present Executive, or any other Executive who
by the choice of the American people may occupy
that high position, I should be unwilling to set
such a precedent by appropriating millions of
money to be assigned by him for the fortification
of the country and for our national defenses just
where he, in his judgment, might see fit to apply
it. I can well conccive that the best, the purest,
and the ablest man in the country might commit
very great mistakes and errors in this respect. It
appears to me that nobody is so competent as the
representatives of the people to point out, upon
consultation and reflection, in the various ways
in which itis done, through committees and other-
wise, the appropriate places for fortifications, and
the sums to be appropriated, especially as those
sums cpmo from the pockets of the people. This
•is one of the reasons that would prevent me from
supporting the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Nor am I influenced by the consideration which
he submits, that we should be very careful not to
give offense to foreign nations. I am a peace man
in every-day life, and I should desire to be so in
my capacity as a Senator; yet I am not much in
the habit of consulting or being influenced by out-
door influences. I pay great respect to the judg-
ment and opinions of my fellow-citizens, and the
opinion of the world at large, when based upon
what I suppose to be sound reason and good sense.
I do not know, however, why we should be so
particularly careful and tender-footed lest we may
commit some offense to France, Great Britain, or
the other Powers of Europe. I do not believe
that either Great Britain, France, or Russia, the
leading Powers of Euiopc, would stop to consult
us in relation to the propriety of fortifying their
coast, the places where and the times when, or the
character of their fortifications. I am sure that
they do not consult us; nor am I aware that this
country has ever felt itself offended or putin dan-
ger or jeopardy by any course of action they may
have seen fit to take in relation to such matters as
this. They have no just right to take offense with
respect to any course we may see fit to pursue
under the present pressure of the times and the
existing exigencies under which we are placcd. I
think they have no right in justicc to do so. If
they undertake to assort a right, or to complain
unjustly, I should not be deterred from the per-
formance of my duly in this respect. It is not a
time for us to bo over delicate and over nice about
consulting the feelings of Great Britain, France,
or any other Power.
1 am anxious, I trust, and I may say so here,
to crush out this rebellion and to employ every
eaithly means in oiu power, to the last dollar and
to the last man. I do not believe it will be rcqui-
1 site. I do not believe it is requited. I believe
now, to use the figure of a distinguished Senator
now dead and gone, that this ball which has started
on its roll will never stop until it crushes out all
those men who have seen fit to raise the puny arm
ofrebellion againt the mn jestic power of the Union
of the United States. Therefore, sir, with this
surplus of power, with this ability, with this spirit,
and with this patriotism which the people of this
nation possess, I would not only direct my atten-
tion and my efforts in that direction, but also to a
finn, substantial policy which should put this na-
tion in ix post ui e of defense against the whole world
incase they see fit to avail themselves of our do-
mestic quarrel to insult us or to attempt coercion
upon us, to break our blockade or interfere with
us in any other way, contrary to what we con-
ceive to be in accordance with the law of nations
or the rights of a belligerent not in conflict with
the rights of neutrals.
One word more, un*. I think we must change
our policy. Wo have so long enjoyed the delights
of the -piping times of peace that we have forgot-
ten the art of war; we have forgotten the art of
self-defense. We now see staring us in the facc
the iron fiont of war. We must be prepared for
it. We must increase our Army; we must in-
crease our Navy; and although the difficulties with
which we are now surrounded may be put an end
to, still we shall not be able to reduce our forces
cither on sea or on land to the status which they
occupied prior to the commencement of these dif-
ficulties. If wo shall not be able to do that, we
ought not to leave ourselves in a defenseless con-
dition to be attacked on the sea-board when and
where the bad blood, the bad spirit, or a desire
and lust for trade or any other causc may induce
foieign Powers, if it is possible for them to take
that course with respect to us, to make assaults
and attacks upon us. Sir, living in a State almost
the untiro length of which is upon the sea-board,
liable to be assailed, assaulted, and attacked at
every quarter, to have its towns in the not them
portion of the State devastated by assaultsfrom the
sea, I desire to cxpiess my dissent to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio, and to
insist upon the provisions of this bill which ap-
propriates sums of money to complete the defense
of our harbors, which I conceive to be indispens-
ably necessary not only for our protection, but
for the protection of the great commercial center
lying upon our border, and the large manufactur-
ing interests of the city of our sister State on the
western side of the Delaware river. With these
views, I shall vote against the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order to
move to refer this bill with amendments to the
Committee on Military Affairs?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I will make that
motion, that the bill with the amendments be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. It
seems to me to bo peculiarly appropriate for the
consideration of that committee. There is great
diversity of opinion here in the Senate, and a great
many amendments aio proposed; and it strikes
me that that is the committee, of all others, which
ought to know what places it is necessary to for-
tify. Itis directly in their line of business. We
have the views now of the Financial Committee.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely wish to add to what
the Senator has said that I should be very glad if
that motion should prevail. There are several
matters connected with our fortifications to which
I desired to call the attention of the Senate, and
which I proposed to lay before the Committee on
Military Affairs when this bill came before them,
as I supposed it would; but I felt that it was im-
proper during the session of the Senate, not hav-
ing had the sanction of the committee, to present
those considerations. I sincerely trust that the
motion made by the Senator from Illinois will
prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the bill will be re-
ferred to that committee. I myself am not so very
much for fortifications, I admit. I coincide very
much m the opinions expressed by the Senator
from Connecticut. I think that our Government
has turned its attention altogether too much to de-
fenses; and that when we are engaged in a war
with rebels, the way to put it down is not by build-
ing fortifications. I have regretted to see so much
money, so much labor, and so much time spent
in fortifications around Washington,and again at
Hatteras, and again at Port Royal. Whenever wo
meet with success, the moment that we have at-
tained success, our armies sit down to build for-
tifications; and week after week and month after
month elapses while we arc constructing these for-
tifications, which, when we get them done, we are
to march out of to make another assault upon the
enemy, and in the mean time the enemy has made
his foitifieations. This system was commenced
here at the beginning at Washington. When
our Army first crosscd the Potomac, and there
were no fortifications at Manassas, when a single
regiment could have taken possession of it, we
stopped at Alexandria, we stopped at Arlington
heights, and began to build forts. After spending
months there, the enemy, in the mean time im-
proving the opportunity, had erected fortifications
at Manassas, and then we marched out of our own
fortifications to attack him in those he had con-
structed.
I do not mean by this that I am opposed to for-
tificationsupon the sea-board. I know theirneces-
sity. I am not opposed to this bill, though I think
it appropriates a very large amount of money at
this time, and though I agree entirely with what
the Senator from Connecticut said, that our whole
energies should be exerted against the enemy, to
put him down by an aggressive, a positive, arid an
affirmative movement upon him; that we should
not waste our energies nor our money upon forti-
fications at this moment, with reference to foreign
wars, but rather deal with that which we have in
hand; for the surest protection against foreign ag-
gression is to put down this domestic trouble. We
shall have no occasion for forts upon the lakes and
no occasion for fortifications on the sea-board, if
our armies march forward and crush this rebellion
at home. As this bill is not satisfactory to many
members of the Senate, and as it seems to me pe-
culiarly proper that it should have the considera-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs,! move
its refeience to that committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I have a word or two to
say about that, sir. This bill has been upon our
tables, I think, about a fortnight, and more than
that. Heretofore the ordinary couise of proceed-
ing was this: if the Committee on Military Affairs
desired to have the fortification bill considered by
them, they took the bill into their committee and
