250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 28,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
The New Conspiracy—Mr. Edgertcm.
Ho. of Reps.
as well In the case of the equality of the States, in repre-
sentation andtiic suffrage in the Senate, as in the provision
for overruling the veto of the President, and for amending
the Constitution, not to enumerate other examples; and
whereas, unhappily, because of the vast extent and diver-
sified interests and institutions of the several States of the
Union, sectional divisions can no longer be suppressed;
and whereas it concerns the peace and stability of the Fed-
eral Union and Government that a division of the States
into mere slaveholdtngandnon-slaveholdingseetions, caus-
ing hitherto, and from the nature and necessity of the case,
inflammatory and disastrous contioversiesupon the subject
of slavery, ending aheady in present disruption of the
Union, should be forever heieafter ignored; and whereas
this important end is best to be attained by the recognition
of other sections without regard toslavery, neither of which
sections shall alone bo strong enough to oppress or control
the others, and each be vested with the power to protect
itself from aggressions: Therefore,
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of -America, in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concuiring,) That the following
articles he, and are hereby, proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, which shall be valid to nil
intents and purposes as part of said Constitution when rati-
fied by convention in three fouiths of the several States.
Article XIIT.
Sec. 1. The United States are divided into four sections,
as follows:
The States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New
Jersey, and Pennsylvania, and ail new States annexed and
admitted into the Union, or formed or erected within the
juritdiction of any of said States, or by the junction of two
or mote of the same or of parts theieof, or out of terutory
acquired north of said States, shall constitute one section,
to be known as the North.
The States of Ohio, Indiana, Ulinois, Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas, and all new States an-
nexed or admitted into the Union, or elected within the
jiiindiction of any of said States, or by the junction of two
or more of the same oi of parts thereof, or out of territoiy
now held orhereaftei acquirednorth of latitude 36" 30', and
eastof the ciest of the Rocky mountains, shall constitute
another section, to be known as the West.
The States of Oregon and California, and all new States
annexed and admitted into the* Union, or formed or erected
within the jurisdiction of any of said States, or by the junc-
tion of two or moi e pai ts of the same oi of parts thereof, or
out of territory now held or hereafter acquired west of the
Kooky mountains and of the llio Grande, shall constitute
another «ection, to be known as the Pacific.
The States of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Noitli
Caiolina, South Caiollna, Gooigia, Florida, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkan^a^, Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, and Missouri, and all new States annexed and ad-
mitted into the Union, or formed or elected within the ju-
risdiction of any of said State*, oi by the junction of two
or more of the same or parts thereof, or out ot territory ac-
quired eastof the Rio Grande and south of latitude 36° 30',
bhall constitute another section, to be known as the South.
Sec. 2. On demand of one thud of the Senators of any
one of the sections on any bill, oider, ie«o)mion, or vote,
to which the coiicurreucr of the Ilouae of Representatives
may he necessary, cxr-rpt on a question of adjournment, a
vote shall be Jiad by sections, and a majouty ot the Sena-
tor^ iron) each section shall he nrce&saiy to the passage of
t-udi bill, order, oi resolution, and to the validity of every
such vote
Sec. 3. Two of the electors for President and Vice Pres-
ident shall be appointed by each State, in such manner as
the LegLsIatuie theicof may dncet, for the State at large.
The other electors to which each State may be entitled,
shall be chosen in the respective congressional districts into
which the State may at the regulai decennial period have
be"ii divided, by the electors of cach district having the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most numeious
branch of the State Legislature. A majority of all the elect-
ors in each of the four sections in this articlc established,
shall be necessary to the choice of President and Vice Pres-
ident; and the concurrence of a majority of the States of
each section shall be necessary to the choice of President
by the. Uouseof Representatives, and of the Senators from
each section to the choice of Vice Presidentby the Senate,
whenever the light of choice shall devolve upon them re-
spectively.
Sec. '1. The President and Vice Piesident shall hold their
offices each during the term of six yeais, and neither shall
be eligible to more than one term except by the votes of two
thirds of all the electors of cach section, or of the States of
each section, whenever the right of choice of President shall
devolve upon the House of Representatives, or of the Sen-
atots trom cach section, whenever the right of choice of
vice Pi evident shall devolve upon the Senate.
Sec. 5. T he Congress shall by law provide for the case
of u failure by the IIoihc of Representatives to choose a
President, and of the Senate to choose a Vice PieMdent
whenever the right of choice shall devolve upon them re-
spectively-, declaring what officer shall then act as Presi-
dent; and such oiftcn .-.hall act accordingly until a Presi-
dent shall be elected. The. Congress shall also provide by
law for a special cleclion for Piesident and Vice President
in such ca*e, to be held and completed within six months
from the expiration ofthe teim of office of the la&t preced-
ing Piendcut, and to be conducted in all lexpects as pro-
vided for in the Constant ion for legularelections ofthe same
officer.-, except that if the House of Representatives shall
not choose a PieMdent, should the rieht of choice devolve
upon them, within twent\ days tiom the opening of the cer-
tificates and counting ot the electoial votes, then the Vice
Prudent shall act as Piesident, as in the case ofthe death
or other constitutional disability ofthe President The term
of officeof the Piesidentchosen undersuch special election
shall continue six years from the 4th day of March preced-
ing such election.
Article XIV.
No State shall secede without the consent of the Legis-
latuies of all the States of the section to which the State
proposing to secede belongs. The President shall have
power to adjust with seceding States all questions arising
by reason of their secession;"but the terms uf adjustment
shall be submitted to the Congress for their approval before
the same shall be valid.
Article XV.
Neither the Congress nor a Territorial Legislature shall
have power to interfere with the right of the citizens of any
of the States within either ofthe sections to migrate upon
equal terms with the citizens of the States within either
of the other sections, to the Territories of the United States;
nor shall either have power to destroy or impair any rights
of either person or property in the Territories. New States
anfiexed for admission into the Union, or formed or erected
within the jurisdiction of other States, or by the junction
of two or more States, or parts of States, and States formed
with the consent of the Congress out of any territory of the
United States, shall be entitled to admission upon an equal
footing with the original States, under any constitution es-
tablishing a government republican in foim, which the peo-
ple thereof may ordain, whenever such States shall con-
tain, within an areaof not less than thirty thousand square
miles, a population equal to the then existing ratio of rep-
resentation for one member of the House of Representa-
tives.
There, sir, is a proposition to amend the Con-
stitution so as to divide the country into four great
sections, leaving every section at the mercy of
each of the others, placing the whole of the free
States of the Union at the mercy of the slavehold-
mg States. The proposition further proposes
that when any one of those sections shall think
proper to go out of the Union, they may go away
peaceably. It was virtually a proposition legal-
izing secession, and making it easy. That, sir,
was the proposition of my colleague from the Day-
ton district, who is now in favor of maintaining
the Constitution as it is. Then he was in favor
of changing the fundamental law of the land.
Then he was in favor of transferring the power
of this Government into the hands of the southern
section of the Union. I am glad, heartily glad,
that these gentlemen have so reformed. But my
colleague was not the exception; those who joined
with him in this address were all clamorous for a
change of the Constitution. They who now talk
so loudly about maintaining the Constitution as
it is, then assailed us upon this floor, because we
would not join them at the dictation of Jeff Davis
and the traitors of this rebellion.
But that is not all. It is said that a certain class
of persons should have good memories; so should
politicians. Certainly these gentlemen lack that
faculty, for ijfe this very address in which they
talk about maintaining the Constitution as it is,
they make complaint against the Republican party
becausc only fifteen months ago they weic not for
altering the Constitution. Hear what they say:
" We do not propose to consider now the causes which
led to the present unhappy civil war. A fitter time will
come hereafter for such discussion. But we lemind you
now that compromise made your Union, and compromise
fifteen months ago would have saved it. Repeated efforts
were made at the last session ofthe Thirty-Sixth Congress
to this end. At every stage, the great mass of the South,
with the whole Democratic party, and the whole Constitu-
tional Union party of the North and West, united in favor
of certain amendments to the Constitution.55
Thus, Mr. Chairman, they complain of us for
not joining them fifteen months ago in remodeling
the Constitution of our fathers, and yet to-day set
themselves up as the especial champions of the
Constitution as it is.
But there is another statement in this address.
It says that the Democratic party has always been
loyal to this Government. Mr. Chairman, such
a declaration as that at this time, when we are in
the midst of the revolution in which we have been
plunged by this Democratic party, is perfectly as-
tounding. Have gentlemen forgotten the admin-
istrations of Franklin Pierce and James Buchanan?
Have they forgotten the history of that party dur-
ing the last Congress? It was my fortune to be
a member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, and 1
know well how loyal the Democratic party was
to the Government of the United States during
that period. How was it when South Carolina,
that hot-bed of secession, had leftthe Union,seized
the property of the Government within her limits
andsentoutheremissariesthrough the other slave-
holding States to fire the southern heart, to set it
on fire of hell ? They went out two by two, as the
unclean beasts entered the ark, and everywhere
they went robbery, arson, murder ,andevery crime
that the ingenuity of men could devise, or the devil
inspire, followed in theirtrain. They sowed broad-
cast the dragon's teeth of secession, and a harvest
of armed men leaped in their footsteps. Where
was the loyalty of the Democratic party then ?
What were its acts? Whenever any effort was
made on this floor to sustain the Government and
maintain the Constitution as it is and the Union as
it was, we were met, sir, with sneers, with threats,
and derision ! At the other end of the avenue sat
your Democratic President, a gray-haired imbe-
cile, surrounded by his chosen council of rob-
bers, while thieves filled up and glutted all the
highways and byways to power. Treason, in the
name of Democracy, was then installed in power,
and used that power whichaconfiding people had
intrusted them with to destroy the best Govern-
ment in the world—the Government which our
fathershadbequeathedtousafteralongand bloody
struggle, and which had profusely scattered its
blessings upon all like the dews of heaven. Yet
those men talked of loyalty to the Government.
In this it must be admitted that they exhibited
more than the usual amount of impudence and
depravity.
Mr. Chairman, when we brought forward prop-
ositions for calling out the militia, in order to
sustain the Government and defend Government
property, how were we met by those who now style
themselves Democrats? They met us every where
with the cry of" coercion," " coercion." Under
these false colors they assisted treason to come
rapidly to a head and to overrun this entire land.
It is rather late for these gentlemen to parade
their loyalty to the Government before the coun-
try. Who, sir, are the leaders of the armed
rebellion against the Government, which has
threatened its overthrow? They were Democrats
—they were members of the Democratic paity.
Who was Jefferson Davis? Who was Barnwell
Rhett? Who was John C. Breckinridge? Who,
in fine, were the whole crew of conspirators
against this Republic? They were leading mem-
bers of the Democratic party, which it is now
proposed to resurrect. They were not unknown
men. They were not of the rank and file—they
were the high priests, the Warwicks of the party.
They made and unmade Presidents, they ruled
conventions, and dictated the course that should
be pursued. They laid down the platform which
they demanded should be followed implicitly, and
which the Democrats who signed this addicss
always followed as the day follows the night.
They were the men who controlled the entire
action of that party.
It comes, therefore, with a very bad grace from
those who have been in sympathy with the south-
ern traitors to denounce this side of the House,
and to boast of their own exceeding loyalty to the
Government. It does not become them to talk of
fidelity to the Constitution, which they sought to
destroy by amendments under the dictation of trai-
tors. It will not do for them to urge the loyalty
of the Democratic party when there aie none, in
this House or out of it, so ignorant as not to know
that it was that party which gave rise to this re-
bellion, and which all along has strengthened the
hands of traitors. Yes, sir, I do doubt these men.
I doubt them when they come before this Hou.se
and avow their fidelity to the Constitution. I
doubt any man who prates so much about the
Constitution. They have always been a very un-
certain class of men that would bear watching.
More than eighteen hundred years ago way down
in Judea they asked: "Why do ye that which is
not lawful to do on the Sabbath day?"' Gieat
sticklers for the law, profound constitutional ex-
pounders, were those old Pharisees. Had those
old sinners been members of this House they
would have called a caucus of conservatives, or
they would certainly have signed their names to
this Democratic address with my colleague, for
which subscribers are so imploringly petitioned.
They would have raised more constitutional
doubts and quirks and quibbles than ever troubled
the brain of Lord Eldon or the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas.]
No, sir, this Democratic party has neither here-
tofore, nor now, shown any marked loyalty to
the Government. When the traitors who rcpic-
sented the seceded States upon this floor left this
Hall they left behind them the seeds of their nox-
ious doctrine, and I very much fear warm sym-
