1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
considered it, and when it was reported by the
Committee on Finance, they proposed their amend-
ments. The bill belongs to the Committee on
Finance by the ordinary course of proceeding in
the Senate; it has always gone there. All I have
to say, as chairman of the Committee on Finance,
is this: if the Senate choose, under existing cir-
cumstances, to take it out of the hands of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and refer it to the Committee
on Military Affairs, I shall consider that it has no
further use for me on the Committee on Finance
at all. I urn willing, therefore, that the Senate
should take precisely what course it pleases in
reference to that.
As to the Senator from California—and I wish
to call his attention to it—he says he has had no
opportunity to examine the bi!i, and he wishes to
examine it with reference to California 
Mr. LATHAM. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I did not say I had had no opportunity of exam-
ining it. I said I had no opportunity of consid-
ering it in committee. The bill was never referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Then let me
say to the Senator—I do not know what his mil-
itary and scientific engineering qualifications may
be over those of his colleague—the bill has been
here for the time I mentioned. Why has not the
Senator taken it into his committee? It has been
on our tables; why has it not been in that commit-
tee? Is it my fault? Is it the fault of the Senate?
Is it the fault of the Committee on Finance? The
Senator's own colleague is on the Committee on
Finance, and he has had abundant time to con-
sider it. Docs the Senator want to consider it
over again after him?
Mr. LATHAM. I think the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, if he will per-
mit me, is taking a very wrong view of the matter.
I meant to imply no censure upon him—none
whatever. All he has said relative to the exam-
ination ofthcbillisprobablyvery correct and true;
but, sir, I believed it was perfectly proper, as there
was no immediate urgentnecessuyforthepassage
of the bill, that it should be refened to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated this morning as
the reason why I called the bill up that I had re-
ceived a letter from the Secretary of War stating
that it was of urgent importance that the bill should
be passed at once.
Mr. LATHAM. I happened to be out of the
Senate when that statement was made. So far as
any argument I have advanced, calculated to dis-
turb the Senator from Maine, is concerned, I will
withdraw it if it will restore his equanimity, and
I will do so with pleasure. I have no desire what-
ever to embarrass him in the prosecution of the
business of his committee. I happened to be tem-
porarily absent from the Senate when he made that
statement, or I should not have interposed tke re-
mark I did make. There arc matters connected
with the defense of the Pacific, coast to which I had
intended, if this bill were refened, as I supposed it
would be, to the Committee on Military Affairs,
to call the attention of that committee, of which I
am a member. Because I do not choose, let me
say to the Senator from Maine, to consider every
bill that lies upon the table here when that commit-
tee is in session every morning from ten to twelve
o'clock, I do not think it ought to be cast upon
me as a matter of censure. 1 endeavor to do my
duty just as he does his, and I work just as faith-
fully as he does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dispute none of those
propositions, sir. 1 am willing to admit all that
to the fullest extent; but the Senate will see how
I stand with reference to this matter. This bill,
recommended from the Department, has been in
our committee under consideration. It has been
open to the examination of every member of the
Senate for a long period of time. We have done
our duty by it. I have not called it up in the Sen- j
ate until to-day, when it is urged upon me by the j
Secretary of War to do it; it has had a long dis-
cussion; and now, at the end of that discussion, .
when even the members of the Committee on Mil- j
itary Affairs have had a chance to examine it, and \
when aiso in addition to that, instead of making i
many amendments, we have made but four, both !
in committee and in the Senate, easily understood,
all of them discussed, the Senator from Illinois
proposes to t^ke the bill out of the hands of the
Committee on Finance, and send it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, because so many
amendments have been made and because it is so
objectionable to so many members of the Senate !
I have not heard anybody object to it except two
or three members. The Senator from Ohio pro-
poses a different system, and we are about to vote
on his system; that is the question pending; but I
have heard no Senators object to any of these
appropi iations that have been made or move to
strike them out, except one with reference to the
northern frontier, upon which there was a motion
to strike out, but I think the member who made
it did not vote for it himself when it came to be
voted upon. What occasion is there to delay it
further, under these circumstances, and send it to
another committee, when it is needed to-day ?
Now, sir, I do think—and my equanimity is
not disturbed at all, I beg leave to say to my friend
from California—that it is quite as well, and would
be quite as proper, for us, when a bill is brought
befoie us having a specific object in view, to con-
fine ourselves* to that object, and not quarrel with
everything and everybody about our particular
grievances. My honorable friend from Illinois
makes the same speech over again about the con-
duct of the war on this bill and on every bill
brought up in the Senate on which there is any
discussion. He made it two or three days ago,
and here it is again: that our armies ought to be
doing something; that that would be the way to
raise finances; and that that is the way to fortify
the country. We all know it; but I do not think
it tends to put the country in a very agreeable state
of mind with reference to our finances, or with
reference to our defenses, to be continually look-
ing back to the past, or inquiring why this has
not been done and that has not been done. Sir,
I can very readily understand why many things
have not been done well. It would be expecting
too much of frail humanity to suppose that with
this new and great war upon us, everything would
be done well, or that many things would not be
done badly and very weakly. I believe that when
what the nation has done by way of preparation,
and what the nation has accomplished even, comes
to he considered in the impartial light of history,
it will be found that we have done more in both
than any nation ever before did in the same time
in the history of the world.
Sir, it has been said, and it is as well to remem-
ber it, that there never was such a war as this in
the history of the world; there never was so dif-
ficult a one to carry on; there never was one which
extended over so great a territory, upon which so
many points were to be defended and so many
attacked. Under what circumstances did we come
to ii> With no army, no navy, and no experi-
ence, com paiatively, m war; having to makeup not
only our material but our officers; everybody and
eveiything in a new state of things m this coun-
try; and yet shall we be continually complaining,
especially at the moment when we begin to suc-
ceed, when better prospects are opening upon us,
when we are feeling our own strength, and it is be-
ing exhibited on the land and on the sea, and not
recognize the difficulties und^r which we have la-
bored and not open our eyes to the new light that
is beaming upon us and upon them ? Sir, I hope
we shall look back no longer, but look forward.
We have every reason to look forward with ex-
pectation of the best results. Let us wait for them
calmly; at any rate, let us do what is incumbent
upon us as legislators; let us do that, so far as it
meets our appiobation, which those who arc to
execute the laws require of us, and hope for the
bost; let us preach the doctime of patience and of
sound and healthful expectation; and I look for
and believe that the results that are to be accom-
plished even before many days will be such as not
only to giatify all our hopes, but to astound the
world.
Sir, what becomes of this bill after I have done
my duty by it, I have nothing to say about. If
it is the wish of the Senate to send it elsewhere
and to delay the appropriations which the Gov-
ernment'call for to-day, with a view of having it
reexamined, be it so; I have done my duty by it,
and ) am not responsible.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I had no idea that amotion
to refer a bill pending in the Senate would have
been taken by the Senator from Maine as a per-
sonal reflection upon him, which should lead to
his informing the Senate that if the motion pre-
vailed he should take it as an expression that his
services were no longer needed at the head of the
Committee on Finance. Certainly the Senate, as
well a^s the country, would 'be very sorry to lose
the benefit of that Senator's services at the head
of the Finance Committee. He speaks of taking
the bill out of the; hands of the Finance Commit-
tee. Why, sir, I thought the Finance Committee
had disposed of the bill. I stated, when I made the
motion, that the bill had been before the Finance
Committee, and they had acted upon it. It is now
in the Senate; and I did notsuppose before to-day
that because of the fact that a mil has been before
one committee of the Senate, a motion to refer it
to another committee would be a matter of per-
sonal affront to the committee which had nad
the consideration of it. 1 think that the Senator,
although he supposes himself that his equanimity
has not been disturbed, has somehow been a little
disturbed, or he would not have thrown out a
threat of that kind to the Senate, that his services
were to be dispensed with if a legitimate and proper
motion made in the Senate prevailed.
Then he goes on to speak of the war, and com-
plains that I have, upon more than one occasion,
thought that the best way to prosecute the war,
the best way to obtain money, the best way to
defend the country, would be to infuse activity
into the Army. Does not the Senator from Main^
think so? Is the Senator from Maine quite sat-
isfied that 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Shall I answer the ques-
tion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He may answer it if he
chooses—]ust as he pleases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I were not satisfied,
or if I were satisfied, I would content myself by
saying so on one bill. I would not say so on every
one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Instead of gettinganan-
swer from the Senator when I asked the question
and he interposed to answer, he says if he were
satisfied he would not repeat it, and if he were
not satisfied he would not repeat it. That is the
answer which he makes to a question which I
asked when he interfered to reply. The question
was if he was quite satisfied? His answer was
if he was satisfied he would not repeat it, and if
he was not satisfied he would not repeat it. Iiow
much of an answer that was to the question those
who heard the answer will be able to judge.
JSTow, sir, 1 have thought that it might be neces-
sary to state and repeat, m my poor judgment, the
necessity of more active operations on the part of
the Army; and I am gratified to know that the
Senator from Maine says we are to have more act-
ive operations, and that we are to have move-
ments which will astonish the country and the
worl . I rejoice at that; but I believe that we may
learn something from the past; that it is our duty
to draw information from the past; and if wc have
suffered one summer to pass away and one fall to
pass away and one winter to pass away, at an
expense of $500,000,000 to the country, without
doing anything, I think itour duty to see to it, as
far as we can, that no more seasons shall come
and go without more efficient action. I know of
no use we have for half a million of men in arms
except to fight. I think the gallant men who vol-
untecied, volunteered for the purpose of using the
muskets which they took in hand. I think it is
the deshe of the men that they should have more
active operations in the field; and I am glad to
know, and I am happy to believe, I may say, that
wo are henceforward to Have more energy on the
part of our commanders and on the part of the
Government in the prosecution of the war. I am
glad to know it.
Now, sir, as to this particular motion which I
made to refer the bill, I thought it was an appro-
pi iate motion. I have no such feeling about it as
is manifested by the Senator from Maine. If the
Senate think proper not to refer it, but to pass it
in its present shape, it will be no cause of feeling
to me. I perhaps would have withdrawn the mo-
tion,as I made it without any sort of intention of
reflecting upon anybody, but for the intimation
thrown out by the Senator that he shall regard it
as an expression of opinion that his services are
not needed upon the committee which has had
charge of the bill. Under such circumstances, it
is perhaps hardly properto withdraw the motion,
as it would look like withdrawing it on coercion,
on the threat that the Senator will resign. I thought
it an appropriate motion, and will leave it to be
