252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
STth Cong....2b
Hayti and Liberia—Mr. Eliot.
Ho. oj? Keps.
On the 11th of July last, Mr. Holman put the
following interrogatory to my colleague, and mark
the answer:
"Mr. Holman. While the gentleman censures the
Administration, let me ask him whether, with his own
constituents, lie is resolved that the Onion shall be main-
tained ?"
A very simple question, and easily answered.
Now hear my colleague:
" Mr. Vallahdigham. My votes shall speak for me on
that subject. My position is defined iu the resolution just
read. I am answerable to my conscience and my constit-
uents, and not to the gentleman from Indiana."
As Captain Cuttle would say, " that is an an-
swer as is an answer." " My vote shall speak
for me." Yes, they have spoken, and every time
against the Government. The resolution to which
my colleague refers, was no answer to the ques-
tion; it had no answer in it; or if it had, the an-
swer was so qualified and restricted that no one
could find it. It is like the goddess that the old
Romans exhibited on certain festive occasions,
who was so covered over with flowers and
flounces and furbelows that no goddess could
be seen.
But this is not all of my colleague's record.
My colleague, it is well known—or at least it is
known to this House—went with that notorious
traitor, Breckinridge, to the city of Baltimore,
and there addressed, or tried to address, the
traitors assembled on that occasion. It is a well-
known fact that there was in Kentucky a rebel
camp named Vallandigham, after my colleague.
I understand further, that, at a rebel meeting in
Kentucky, my colleague was posted on flaming
handbills to speak to the rebel traitors. My
colleague, I think, has said that he did not know
of their using his name in this way, but they must
have known him; and they did know him. There
is one thing in reference to the rebels, and that is,
that they always know their man. They would
not have placed the name of my friend from the
Louisville district of Kentucky [Mr. Mallory]
on the bills to speak at a secession meeting.
They know their man, and they nevermistafcehim.
More than that. My colleague, during the dark
days of the last session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, when this House was filled with traitors—
when Stateafter State had gone outof theUnion—
my colleague, in my presence, and in the presence
of others, said that the troops of Ohio, before they
should march through las district to coerce the South,
would have to march over his dead body. True it is
that lie denies it; but in that his memory is at
fault. There were others who heard it, who are
now members of this House.
This, Mr. Chairman, is the record of my col-
league. riiis is the record which he gives to the
world and to posterity. When he talks about
the Constitution, and when he talks about peace,
what does he mean ? I will not undertake to state
what he means by the Constitution. Certainly
lie does not mean that old and venerated Constitu-
tion which our fathers made, and which he has
sought to subvert. I will leave it for others to
state what sort of a peace we would have, if we
obtain the peace which ho seeks. Gentlemen may
ci y peace, peace; but there will be no peace uutil
this rebellion has been crushed out of the land,
and the Constitution as it is vindicated and sus-
tamed We have called our armies into the bat-
t e-field, and the question must now be settled by
the stern arbitrament of the sword. It cannot be
settled by compromise. It must be settled by cold
steel, ihe only compromises that can now be
allowed are the bullet and the bayonet.
Gentlemen, too, talk about reconstruction.
1 here is no reconstruction in the matter. When
traitors submit to the laws of the land, when
aimed rebels give up their arms, and when the
secession leaders are surrendered to their merited
fate, this war will end, and not till then. There
can be no peace while that dirty flag of secession
flaunts in our face. A proposition for peace at
this time made upon this floor by any member
ought to insure Ins instant expulsion. The rebels
do not ask for peace. They ask for no quarter
It is their attorneys who come forward and ask
for peace. The rebels are as defiant to-day as
when the war broke out. Why, then, do we hear
this talk about peace with these'Sepoys, who mur-
der our wounded soldiers in cold blood, and who
cut off their heads and carry them as horrid tro-
phies through the land ? We can have no peace
until they are subdued, until these Thugs are
driven into the Gulf. The bones of our brethren
are now worn as trinkets by these barbarians. It
is more than idle to talk of peace with such men.
There will be no peace until they are completely
subdued; and any action which we may take
towards a peace until they are subdued, will serve
only to strengthen the rebellion.
Who knows the exultation and the joy with
which this Democratic address was read in the
camps of the secessionists? Who can describe
the thrill of delight which ran through the ranks
of the followers of Jeff Davis when they read that
address, and found, while there was no condem-
nation of the rebellion, there was a hitter denun-
ciation of the true men of the North and of Mr.
Lincoln's administration? Who can tell how that
address animated the hearts and strengthened the
arms of the rebels to strike another and a more
deadly blow at the hearts of our brothers and sons?
Who can deny that the whole tenor and effect of
this address, instead of striking at the traitors, is
to bolster up their cause, and to strengthen their
hands against the Government?
But, Mr. Chairman, I must hurry on. There
is another thing which you hear from politicians
of a certain class, the cry of extravagance. A
systematic effort is made to alarm the people, and
to get up a panic on the alleged extravagance of
the Administration. They know that to weaken
confidence in the Government and to impair its
credit, will serve the rebel cause; so they enlarge
the figures, and endeavor to impress the public
with the belief that a fearfully heavy tax is to be
imposed upon them. They try'to drive the peo-
ple from supporting the Government, by threats
held out to them on the subject of taxation.
These pupils of Cobb and Floyd have become on
a sudden great economists. These men are mis-
taken in reference to the people. They have
formed a low and vulgar estimate of the people of
the country.
The history of the world presents no parallel
to the uprising of the American masses for the
defense of their venerable flag- and the free insti-
tutions of which it is the symbol. With one ac-
cord they rushed to arms. They left their imple-
ments of husbandry in the fields, and the tools of
their trade in the workshops. They were will-
ing to sacrifice everything, that the laws might
be enforced and the Government preserved. They
were willing to pour out their blood and their
treasures without stint; and yet these men who
signed^ this Democratic address seemed to be of
the opinion that the American people were willing
to sit down and coolly calculate the cost of this
struggle for their liberties. When the Lacede-
monians sought to barter the liberties of Greece,
" Go," said the Athenian embassadors, " and
tell the Lacedemonians the people of Athens would
not take all the gold either above or under the
ground for the liberties of Greece." I tell these
gentlemen to announce to the world that the Amer-
ican people will not barter their liberties for all
the gold above or under the earth. They have a
higher appreciation of their liberties. They will
let their father-sand sonsgo to tliefield of conflict;
they will submit to taxation; they will submit to
every sacrifice, ratherthan their institutions shall
be infringed upon or destroyed.
• ?^re anot^ier effort being made, and a stud-
Jed effort to create a jealousy between the West
and the East. When this rebellion was culmin-
ating, m nearly every speech of the class to which
V £' we were told> and the South was toW>
that the people of the West ought not, and would
not go with New England; that their interests
were not with New England, and if the South
did secede there would be not two, but four re-
publics. The other day the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Voorhees] run in the same groove—
played the same tune about the East. He made
an attack on Massachusetts. Massachusetts has
been for years the favori te subject for denunciation
by the red-handed traitors now in arms against
the Government I have no word of defense to
make for Massachusetts. Her sons can vindicate
her m this House and upon the field of battle.
1 will say, however, that I respect Massachusetts
tor her industry and enterprise. I admire Mas-
sachusetts for her literature, her morality, and
benevolence. I love Massachusetts for htr devotion
to constitutional liberty and the inalienable rights of
man. Yet these men would prejudice the people
of the West against Massachusetts. The inter-
ests of Massachusetts and New England are the
interests of Ohio and the West, and are wedded
together by the strong bonds of mutual interest
and affection, which nothing can separate.
While I have said thus much in condemnation
of this new conspiracy and of the traitorous
Democrats who are now in arms to destroy the
Government, I wish to do justice to the loyal Dem-
ocrats both in this House and in the field, who
are now doing valiant service for their country.
When the hour came to decide between party and
country, they promptly enrolled themselves in
their country's cause. They brought their party
flags and laid them down at the altar of their
country, resolved in this hour of national peril to
know no flag but the flag- of the Union. It was
an exhibition of patriotism worthy of the best
days of the Roman republic. Honor to their
names. This is no time, Mr. Chairman, to assail
our Government. She needs all her sons, for we
are in war, a war with barbarians.
" Hark! heard ye not those hoofs of dreadful note ?
Sounds not the clang of conflict on the heath?
Saw ye not whom the reeking saber smote,
Nor saved our brethren ere they sunk beneath
Tyrants and tyrants' slaves? the fires of death 
The bale fires flash on high, from rock to rock,
Each volley tells that thousands cease to breathe;
Death lides upon the sulphury siroc ;
Red battle stamps his foot and nations feel the shock."
They that arc not with the Government in this
day Of its trial, are against it—its enemies—and
should be so considered and treated. Sir, there is
but one way to peace, and that is the highway of
war; but peace will come, the noise of battle will
pass away, and the "garments rolled in blood,"
and the nation will be strengthened and ennobled
by the fiery trials through which it is made to
pass. Yes, peace will come when our flag floats
again over every fortress in the land; when trea-
son is wiped out forever; when these rebellious
States are redeemed and regenerated; then peace
and liberty will come and dwell together. We
will then gather back those wandering and erratic
orbs, and place them once more on the azure fi. Id
of our dear old flag, there to shine in united and
harmonious luster through coming time.
HAY.TI AND LIBERIA.
SPEECH OF HON. THOS. D. ELIOT,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
June 3, 1862,
On the bill (S. No. 184) to authorize the President of the
United States to appoint diplomatic representatives to
the republics of Hayti and Liberia.
Mr. ELIOT said:
Mr. Speaker.: The recognition of Haytien in-
dependence is among the duties to be discharged
by the present Congress, as an act both of justice
of Policy* ^ ^ similar in its provisions to
the bill now before the House should have be-
come a law many years ago. Certainly of Hayti,
and it is concerning that people that I intend to
speak, national recognition should have been long
since cheerfully given. If President Jeffrard were
not a patriot, as he has been found to be by his en-
tire administration hitherto, if he were not a states-
man, " clothed and in his right mind," especially
if he were vindictive, as the race of which he is
perhaps the chief in this age are ignorantly called,
the time might be at hand when he would pre-
fer to dispense with our tardy welcome, for he
and his people may prosper without us as well as
we and our people may prosper without them.
I here are but few loyal States in this Union that
are not richer every year because of Hayti, nor
is there one that might not multiply annually the
results of Haytien commerce if Haytien inde-
pendence were by our Government cordially rec-
ognized. 1
It is one of the marvels of modern diplomacy
and it will always be reckoned among those sui-
cidal acts for which but one cause may be justly
assigned, that we have suffered this half century
