1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Hayti and Liberia—Mr. Eliok
Ho. of Reps.
to pass away without consenting to perform an act
of simple national justice, and to receive what
would nave been, so far as we desired it, a mo-
nopoly of commercial intercourse.
The considerations of republican justice and of
high national policy fitly to be urged in behalf of
the speedy passage of the bill pending before Con-
gress for Haytien recognition demand attention.
The history of that island upon which, in De-
cember, 1492, Columbus set up a "large cross"
"as an indication," in the words of his diary,
" that your highnesses [Ferdinand and Isabella]
possess the country, and principally for a token
of Jesus Christ our Lord, and the honor of Chris-
tianity "—from the time of its discovery until the
present day, is full of romantic interest. Three
hundred and seventy years ago it was said of it,
" the houses and towns are very handsome, and
the inhabitants live in each settlement under the
rule of a sovereign judge, to whom they pay im-
plicit obedience. Their magistrates are persons
of excellent manners and great reserve, and give
their orders by a sign with the hand, which is
understood by all with surprising quickness."
Columbus was seeking gold. Las Casas, in his
abridgment of the Journal of Columbus, says that
the admiral "hoped to find, at his return from
Castile, a ton of gold collected from the natives,
and that mines and spices will have been discov-
ered, and all these in such abundance that before
three years the king and queen may undertake
the recovery of the Holy Sepulcher." And in his
own diary Columbus added:
" For I have before protested to your highnesses that the
profits of this enterprise shall be employed in the conquest
of Jerusalem, at which your highnesses smiled, and said
you were pleased, and had the same inclination."
In a letter which Columbus wrote to Don Ra-
fael Sanchez, treasurerof Ferdinand and Isabella,
he says:
"In the island named Espanola there are lofty and beau-
tiful mountains, large cultivated tracts, woods, fertile fields,
arid everything adapted to the purposes of agriculture, tlie
pasturage of cattle and the erection of houses. The excel-
lence ol the harbors here and the abundance of the streams
which contribute to the salubrity of the climate, cxcced
imagination. Here are found divers sorts of precious drugs,
gold, and metals."
In a letter to Luis De Santangel, comptroller of
the treasury, written " on board the caravel, off
the Azores, February 15,1493," Columbus says:
"There arc palm trees in these countries of six or eight
sous." 'k * * ■ " Beautiful foreslsof pines are found,
and fields of vast extent. Here is also honey and fruits of a
thousand sorts, and birds of every variety. The land con-
tains mines of metals, and inhabitants without number.
The island of Espanola is preeminent in beauty and excel-
lence, offering to the sight the most enchanting view of
mountains, plains, rich fields for cultivation and pastures
for flocks ot all sorts, with situations for towns and settle-
ments. Its harbors .are of such excellence that their de-
scription would not gain belief; and the like may be said
of its. abundance of large rivei-,, the most of which abound
m gold. The trees, fruits, and plants of the island differ
fiom those of Juana, and the place contains a great deal of
spicery, and extensive mines of gold and other metals."
In the same letter, speaking again of Hispani-
ola, Columbus says:
"This is a most beautiful island, and although I have
taken possession of them ali in the name of then highnesses,
and evetyone of thein remains in their power and as much
at their disposal as the kingdoms of Castile, and although
they are all furnished with everything that can be desired,
yet the pieference must be given to E-panoIa. on account
of the mines of gold it possesses and the facilities it offers
for trade with the continent and countries tills side and be-
yond ttiat of the great Can, which tiaific will be great arid
profitable I have accordingly taken possession of a place
which I have named Villa do Navidad, and built there a
foitress, which is at present complete and turnished with a
sutiicicncyof men for the enterprise; with these I have left
arms, ammunition, "and provisions for more than a year,
and expert men and all necessary arts."
Columbus supposed that he was describing a
portion of India. He believed during his life that
he had thrown open a new way to the ancient com-
mercial regions. He died in poverty and disgrace,
a disappointed man, ignorant that he had made
known a new continent, separated from the whole
civilized world by two immense seas.
Aristotle, in his work Concerning Heaven and
Earth, declared that one might pass from India
to Cadiz in a few days. And Seneca said that a
ship might speedily sail, with a fair wind, from
western Spain to India. Fernando, the son and
biographer of Christopher Columbus, referring to
Seneca, said:
" If, as some assure us, he was the author of the trage-
dies which go by his name, we may be certain that he
refers to this fact in the chorus to Medea:
" 'Venient annis
Seeuia seris, quibus Oceanus
Vincula rerum laxet, et ingens
Pateat tellus, Typhisque novos
Detegat orbes. nec sit Terris
Ultima Thule.'"
In the last days will come a time when ocean
shall loose the bonds of things. A great land shall
be discovered. A Typhis shall disclose new
worlds, and Thule shall cease to bo the end of the
earth!
Hispaniola or San Domingo, or Hayti, as the
natives call it, (the Highland country,) is known
to be one of the richest and most productive, as
well as one of the largest of the West India Islands.
It is nearly four hundred miles in length and about
one hundred and fifty miles at its widest breadth.
After its discovery by Columbus, the western por-
tion of the island was occupied by the French.
The character of the country, as its name implies,
is mountainous, but on its mountain sides are gar-
dens that blossom in luxuriance. The healthful
breezes from the hills, although their latitude is
but about twenty degrees north of the equator, in-
vigorate and inspire the inhabitants whose good
fortune has cast their lives in those pleasant places.
All along the coast are roadsteads and commodi-
ous harbors. The noble bay of Samana on the
southeastern coast is about sixty miles in length.
Within it whole fleets may ride in safety. A river,
navigable inland, running from these mountains
a courseof nearly one hundred miles, pours itself
into this entrance from the ocean. Other bays and
harbors are found along the coast with safe chan-
nels and good anchorage, although elsewhere the
shore, rock-bound and dangerous, prevents ap-
proach .
Port au Prince, the capital of Hayti, is built
upon its western coast. The harbor there is from
eighteen to twenty-one feet in depth.
The tourists and historians who have recently
described this country confirm the glowing state-
ments of Columbus as to its soil and climate and
various vegetable productions. The mountains
and valleys, fertile and well watered, yield plenti-
fully all that may supply the wants or the luxu-
ries of the inhabitants. And the statements which
I shall submit for examination show that an
amountand variety of produce are yearly exported
which entitle the Haytien Government to a high
rank among commercial nations. There are twenty-
two rivers and many smaller streams which have
their source in the highlands of the interior, and
which run in different courses to the sea; and at a
distance from the sea of some thirty miles is an
inland lake, with a circumference of over sixty
miles, whose waters are salt and of the specific
gravity of1 ocean water. The forest and other
trees of this rich country are highly valuable.
Large quantities of oak and pine, suitable for shift,
timber,are found. The mahogany wood, the man-
chineel tree, variegated like ourTennessee marble,
and taking as high a polish, grow in profusion.
The iron wood and rare Brazil and satin woods
are found in abundance. The cotton and palm
trees are of great size and every variety. The
coffee, cotton, and sugar cane are there in native
and high luxuriance. The plantain and vanilla,
rice and ginger, tobacco, turmeric, and indigo
are plentiful and of fine quality. The fruits and
vegetables proper I will not attempt to specify.
From a soil of great fertility, and under a climate
so varied, it would not be easy to name a fruit or
vegetable-or flower that this Q,ucen of the Antilles
does not claim among her products. Nor is she
without great mineral wealth. But the hand of
enterprise is needed there to develop and make
available her mineral productions.
Of the earlier political history of Hayti it is
not of importance to speak at length. With its
present and its future we have now to do. In
1793 there were in the French possessions at St.
Domingo about five hundred thousand slaves.
By one act of the commissioners of France, on
the 29th of August of that year, they were made
free. This was a war measure. Freedom was pro-
claimed under the war power, and as a measure
of military expediency. For some years before
this emancipation, civil war raged between the
white men and the mulattoes. The negroes looked
on, not concerned in their slavery where defeat
or victory might como. The planters were nego-
tiating with England for aid, and the Government
of Spain had planted its standard, holding at that
moment several strong positions upon the island,
Two agents of the French Government then rep-
resented the republic. They watched the prog-
ress of the war, and observed with clear eye that
the possessions of France were about to be wrested
from her hands. Polonel and Southonax were
there, but they had no army able to cope with
England and Spain. They could wait for no rein-
forcements from homo, for the English army was
on its way. Just then they converted a half mil-
lion of neutrals into an army of allies. Within
thirty days after freedom was declared the soldiers
of England appeared. Baft they had delayed too
long. France had acted. The Convention at Pans
hastened to ratify the act of emancipation, which
was confirmed in February, 1794. A soldier and a
statesman appeared, and Toussaint L'Overture,
with a small army of negro soldiers, offered him-
self to France. For nearly four years the war con-
tinued, when Spain and England retired, and the
French republic possessed what had belonged to
Spain. For some years after this, the history of
Hayti was made by this remarkable man. Tous-
saint was the opener of Haytien greatness. He
was not only a military genius. Ho organized
the Government and regulated labor and enforced
a peace which at once brought wealth to the
planter, secured wages to the laborer, invited com-
merce to the island, and won for himself the re-
spect of the civilized world. But Toussaint trusted
Napoleon, and died a prisoner in France.
The armies of the republic were, however, not
able to conquer this island of freed men, and in
1804 they were driven from her shores. During
the last half century these people have maintained
their independence and havegoverned themselves.
They achieved an independence more ample than
we fought for in 177G, and without foreign aid.
We contended for political freedom. They had
first to secure their civil rights as men. We
had money from abroad and heroic friends and
munitions of war. They fought their own fight,
with their own men, without aid from abroad,
and without sympathy or countenance or comfort
from one civilized nation of the earth. We were
of England's best blood. The Pilgrims of the
North and the Huguenots and the Cavaliers of the
South were born of free parents and educated to
freedom. They were used to arms. Sons of brave
sires, they were fitted by birth, by culture, by
education, by wealth, by all the means and appli-
ances of modern civilization to create for them-
selves anation, and to command respect. Hayti
was a nation of negroes. Nearly one half her
people had been imported slaves, and they had
been trained in the schools of slavery. Opposed
to them were the best soldiers of Europe: Na-
poleon's men with Napoleon's generals in com-
mand. Yet they contended successfully, and se-
sured a national independence which they have
now maintained these fifty years.
There is no civilized nation, I believe, of polit-
ical importance, that has not long ago recognized
Haytien independence. England, France, Spain,
Prussia, Russia, Austria, Italy, Holland, the
States of Germany, Sweden, Denmark, Mexico,
and Brazil, have severally welcomed her as an
equal and as a friend. The first Powers in the
world have to-day their consuls general at the
capital of Hayti. At Saint James and in Paris,
our own embassadors meet upon equal terms
before Queen and Emperor the accomplished
embassadors commissioned by Jeffrard to repre-
sent his people.
President Lincoln, in his message to us in De-
cember last, said:
"If any good reason exists why we should persevere
longer in withholding our recognition of the independence
and fcoveieignty of Hayti and .Liberia, I am unable to dis-
cover it."
At this hour the Republican party controls, or
should control, the administration of our Gov-
ernment. For acts and for omissions, that party
will be held responsible. But this is no paity
question, much less is it a question first presented
to us by the party now in power. Thirty-five
years ago the commercial interests of the Union,
sea-board and inland, urged upon Congress the
importance of speedy action. England was then
