1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
to lemain unused, while oursoldieis are sleeping on the
cold damp gtound in this vile bole r jf it is not n crime to
weai (he Ueired States uniform, why u-e the men ? We
hop-'' thai tins new ^eeietaty w:ll sto thai our troop.s ate
put at liM-tou a pat with tebeK
hi one Mde arc occasion all}' a lew soMiet^ huddled aiound
a Miiall fhc bu.lt on t!.c floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I object.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the lIou.se to report from the Committee on
Agriculture a bill to establish a department of
agi icukui e.
Then1 was 110 objection,and the bill was received
and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. JLO V l-jJOY. I move that the bill be tecom-
mitted to the Committee on Agriculture, ordered
to be piinted,and made the special order for next
Tuesday.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object to making the
bill a spccial order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move, then, that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Agriculture,
and its further consideration be postponed until
next Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
keeps the bill before the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY I ask, then, that the motion
to recommit be entered, and that the bill be oidered
to be printed.
It Wcis so ordered.
TREASON.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING-, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it h averted on authoniy wot thy the nouer of
this House that the conn tin -jgit of the A1 my was. : n
moti ol the K'lv.'l pickets on the west side o! the Potomac
beloie it had been communicated to out own on ihe dav
the L'eu*.icola urn the e.uiutlet of the nver bauoue^; and
wheiov, it I-; ;il-o euod that itifounatiou of the move-
ments of the national At invalid (h>"H i-Mi<'qu"iitlv com-
municated in advance to the enemy, undei eucuinstanees
winch ju->tt!y a Mi--pH urn of tie.iohety on the patt ot pei-
sons in the ci' 1! 01 in'htaiy set Vice : Tiiei eioi e,
Jlc^olcr L That the j(>i.nt eoimn'Uee on the conduct of the
Will be requested, at thou eaiiuM convenience, to itive.s-
tigate those ohat^fs, and i'ipoit>-uch actional tiio premises
as the cneiuiistanccs -hall wanaist.
JESSE S. liEDIGO.
Mr. HARDING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the {u!lowing resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Rcs-oh-cd, That th" Committee of Chums he inducted
to lnqiui''into the iu -fee and pK>pue;> ot providing h\
law for the compensation of'Je^o H Bedi^o and others
for lo--«>'-, of ptopeilv, 6vc., Mi-tuned In tin m 1:1 the nnli-
taiy semeo ol the b'n.'ed Statu*, as s< I torili in the peti-
tions of said Hedi^o, W. C. Ouot, and olliei-\ and accom-
panying evidence hetewiili pie^enled; and that s-aid com-
muteiMepoit by lull 01 otiieiwj-e.
CIVIL Al'I'UOriirATIOX DIM,.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House fur leave to report from the Com-
mittee ot Ways and Means the amendments of
the Senate to ihe en il appioptiation bill. s
Mr. M AYNARD. 1 have the floor on the case
of Mr. Seg-ar, claiming a seat upon this floor, but
I yield for thai purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 propose to ask the consent
of the House to consider and acton these amend-
ments at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD I cannot yield for that
suppose.
Mr. STEVENS. They will not occupy more
than a few minutes* time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well, then, I yitld
for action on these amendments.
Mr. DAWES. I object to action on those
amendments at this time.
Mr. STEVENS- I report the amendments to
the House, and I ask that the motion to recom-
mit be entered, and that the amendments be
ordered to be printed.
It was so oidered.
VIRGINIA ELECTION.
Tho SPEAKER suued the question 111 order to
be the resolution lepoued from the Committee of
Elections upon the application of Ji«"*ph Se^-tr
for a seat noon this floor, fiom th" fn^i <\>n<.,)«,s-
sional district of Vit^itiia, and that upon ihat
question the gentleman fiom Tennessee [Mi.
Maynard] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYfARD. Mr. Speaker, I feel in the
result of this case a solicitude that I will not at-
tempt to disguise from the House. There are upon
this floor eight vacant seats belonging to my own
State, and 1 hope and expect before my tcim of
scivice shall expire to mtioduee gentlemen to fill
them. J am aware when 1 do so that it will neces-
sarily be under conditions almost identical with
those of the present application. The circum-
stances attending my own election, and that of my
pieseut colleague, cannot, in the nature of things,
again occur to make an election of a Representa-
tive of the present Congress. The time fixed by
our Constitution and laws has passed. OurState
government in its several departments, bemg in
the hands of those who are disloyal to the Federal
authorities, will not order a special election, it
will be necessary, therefore, in that State for the
loya! citizens to'establish for themselves a pro-
visional government, by which they shall take into
their hands, or assume to do so, the control of
public affairs in Tennessee. When they do it of
couise they will provide for a representation to
Congress of the remaining districts now unrep-
resented. That question of a provisional govern-
ment in the secession States is the one which seems
to me to lie at the foundation of the matter which
we are now considering. It certainly is a very
important one to determine what that provisional
government shall be; how it shall be organized;
how large a portion of tlw) population it shall rep-
resent in order to entitle 11 to our recognition. \Vc
must decide each case as it is pi esented; and while
1 shall be exceedingly anxious to sec the loyal
people of my own State, whom 1 voiily believe
to-day to be largely in ihe majouty, while 1 shall
be anxious to see them and every other Slate in
like condition recognized in the government which
they will establish as soon as they are disen-
thraled, as soon as they are relieved from the ty-
latuiy and the despotism that now oppress them;
yet, at the same time, 1 shall be very anxious to
examine evet y pretended pro\ is 10 mil government.
1 shall challenge evay man who comes here pro-
fesuiug to have been self-appointed, or what is
tantamount to it, having been appointed by him-
self and a few personal friends in some out of the
way obscure corner upon the soil of any one ol
these States as Gov< ruor.
[jut in rel'eience to the State of Virginia, that
question has passed. It has been settled by all
of ihe departments of the Government in the rec-
ognition of ihe provisional government which is
now there iti operation. We have recognized
Mi. Pi'-rpont as the legitimate and le<ral Governor
of the State of Virginia; and iho authority he ex-
orcises as being the true irubei natonal aulhoilty of
the State 13 avntgso recognized it, then we must
accept his official acts as such. One of his official
acts is to certify the present applicant as a repre-
sentative to this House from tho first congressional
disti ictof Virginia. This is not, as has been well
said, a contested-election case. Nobody is heie
eomiovertnig the fact of the election. No person
comes licie and claims, in opposition to this gen-
thunan, to occupy a seat as a Representative of the
district. Itis simply a naked proposition whether
we shall recognize and act upon the credentials
presented by Mr. Segar or not. Let me call the
attention of the House to the language of the
credentials:
k- Now. theicfote. [, Fund* II. Pierpont, Governor of the
Commonwealth of VoT'ina, do declaim hv tins inv ptoola-
m.iiioii tie' Kiid Joseph r-Vyar. Tw] • duly dieted to lt-pre-
M'i)t the tl 1 -i co1111 e^. - ioiui 1 d i^ti ictol \ 1 m: ma 1 n the Thn ty-
^'•veiitli CoiiLrre-N of the Tinted Sum^ o' Ameuca."'
That's siiined by him, undr-r the gieat seal of
tin' Stall; of Virginia. Where, 1 ask, do we find a
piecedont fin- die power to go beyond that, and in-
vestigate questions winch may be supposed to lie
there? Whether they real]y"do exist—whether
they might, under a given state of facts, be legiti-
mately eousiden d, it seems to me, for the pieseut
imestimation, that we aie estopped from jomg be-
yond t ins otHcial certificate given !>y tin' Govei nor j
of the State, tinder tl>o seal of the State, asserting |
(he fact that th is gentleman is entitled to the seat, j
It is true, when admitted to a seat, he would bo j
liable, as every one of ns would be, to be dispos-
sessed by a successful contestant on a case made
oiu; I ut until such conn-slam appeals, ! ask how,J
'■ insistently V'th tlie former pracllec ant! usage of
t,,e House from the beginning of thi. Goiei inneiit, j
can this Houst lefnse to admit this gentleman to a j
seat to represent the constituency by whom he is j
duly certified to have been elected? useemsto me
that this has been regarded too much as aquestion
strictissimi juris, lilce a plea in abatement by an
unwilling and icluctant defendant, or a report pre-
pared for the purpose of securing a seat for a polit-
ical favorite m an equally-balanced House. Is
that the attitude 111 which this case presents itself
here r True, we are told thattho applicant received
a comparatively small number of votes. Does
anybody object to his taking his seat upon that
ground? Do the other voters, if such there are
m his district, come forward through any other
person and claim that, they are entitled to be repre-
sented by anybody else? Not at all. On the other
hand, we are told by the committee themselves,
in their repot t, that they have additional supple-
mental evidence, most gratifying in its character,
to show that this applicant is the wish and choice of
the loyal men of his district, and, at the same time,
they assign reasons why,under the existing slate
of things, they did not do what otherwise they
would have done, vote for him.
It is stated that notice was not promulged.
Has anybody complained on the score of want
of notice? Has any portion of the constituency
sought to he represented came here and said they
wore not, in fact, informed of tho election, and so
notified to go to the polls, and that they are there-
fore opposed to being represented by him who-
now claims his right to a seat here? None that
I have ever lieaid of. On the other hand, all the
expression we have heard has been one of regret
that they had not tho opportunity, not for want
of notice, nor for want of information as to the
election, but because of the hostile armies which,
as the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noell] very
well put it, occupied their country, to go to the
polls and cast their votes for him.
This is simply a case of a vacant seat, of anon-
represented constituency, seeking to be heard here
in the councils of the nation, through the person
of a gentleman admitted to be the choice of the
Union element of that district. But there is a large
element that will be rejoiced will) little less than
fiendish exultation, to see this gentleman repelled
from these Halls. We have already, in various
ways, heard from them, it is very manifest that
they will be glad to see. lnm excluded, and then
they will turn around, with taunting and sneering
and derision, upon his friends who had sought,
and \uinly sought, to be represented in this Gov-
ernment.
Is this certificate in proper form ? Does itcome
from recognized authority'1 If it does, then I
ask, what right have we, without request from
anybody else, without complaint of any portion
of his constituents, to go behind it, to attempt to
impeach and assail it.
But I submit we should approach this subject
in a different spirit, and with a different object,
than merely to consider the technical, artificial,
and legal features of it. The sturdy old common-
law lawyers had an expression in latin, thnt he
who sticks in the letter of the law is like him who
fastens upon the bark of the tree. I propose, if
I can, to look to the real question which is in-
volved in thisapplteation,and, ifpossible,express,
in as intelligent language as 1 can, my own views
upon it. I'can not shut my eyes to the fact that
the State of Virginia, as well as several other sis-
ter States of this Union, is in a state of rebellion;
to the fact tlmt its soil is overrun by armed men;
to the fact that the friends of the Government,
the loyal citizens, have not been protected or not
enabled to protect themselves, becausc of the fail-
ure of the Government to intervene in their be-
half. Their voice has been stifled—their liberty
has been suppressed. I have no hesitation in say-
ing, ftom my knowledge of Vnginia, that such
is the case there, i know it is so m my own
State; in North Carolina I believe it; m Georgia
and Alabama I have no doubt of it; for in those
States there is, I believe, as much loyalty to he
found as in the States of Maryland, Kentucky,
and Missouri. What is the difference' It is that
in Maryland you protected the loyal sentiment by
your military 1'oice. What is tlie consequence?
You have a full loj ,\1 lepresentation upon this floor
from that State. IJow is it m Kentucky? You
very eai ly turn is bed that State with arms .mil mu-
nitions of wai. and put them into the hands of
loyal men, organized as home guards C0J}~
sequence is a full loyal representation from the
State of Kentucky, with the exception of one
vacant seat.
