THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
push on and begin to see somewhere near theend,
u>'order that we may have the opportunity which
is'usual, that is all. The Senator will not find me
voting' to go away and leave undone that which
ought to be done at this time, and cannot with
propriety, and with regard to the good of the
country, be deferred to another time. That I do
not ask for, but I hold that we have a perfect right,
after the severe labors to which we have all been
subjected, and which have lasted so long, to do
up.as we can, and as best we can, the essential
business of Congress, and go home to our fami-
lies for a time, and not stay here to watch the Pres-
ident, or to watch the Army, unless we see some
particular occasion for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think our
own personal convenience should not enter very
much into the consideration of this or any other
public question; but if our own labors, which
have been so severe, are to be taken into account,
it seems to me that it is very bad policy to make
them more severe. The Senator from Maine com-
plains of the arduous labors of the session. That
is the very thing that I am complaining of. Why
increase thercj? Why cpmmenceat eleven o'cloclt,
and sit seven hours, instead of commencing at
twelve, and sitting six hours? Besides, we have
committee business to do, with which we are em-
ployed in the morning. The amount of business
in connection with the Departments thrown upon
members, growing out of the war, also occupies
a great deal of our time. There is not a day that
I do not have letters from persons connected with
the Army, requiring personal attention; and 1
scarcely ever go to the Departments that I do not
meet there other members of the Senate engaged
upon business which occupies our morning hours.
Our labors in the Senate have been such that we
are very much exhausted and worn out with
them. The Senator from Maine is correct when
he speaks of the arduous labors he has performed.
I agree with him. I think he has taken upon him-
self too great a burden. I do not believe in labor-
ing so many hours in the day, unless there is a
special urgency fur it, which I do not see. It
seems to me he is falling into the very error of
which he complains when lie proposes to meet at
eleven o'clock; for he complains that he isalready
overburdened and exhausted by the labors of the
session, it is because wo have sat so many hours,
because we have labored so hard, that members
feel exhausted.
I think, as I said when I was up before, that
when the fate of the nation is at stake, when the
Government itself is at stake, when it is not yet
settled whether it shall not be dismembered, for
us to go away at such a time, or to meet earlier in
the day and overtask ourselves with a view to get
ready to go away, looks somewhat selfish. The
Senator from Maine confesses to selfishness about
it. 1 do not know why we cannot get along in
Washington as well as elsewhere, if there is oc-
casion for us to be here. It is pleasant and agree-
able, I know, to return to our homes; every man
likes to be among his own people; it would be
agreeable to every one, as the hot weather comes
on, to go further North, to a cooler region; but
still, I do not think these are considerations that
ought to be controlling at a time like this. I thirik
we have remained here too many hours this ses-
sion. That is my reason for opposing this early
meeting in the morning. I do not think we have
accomplished anymore business than we should
have accomplished if we had adjourned regularly
at five o'clock each day. I appeal now to the ex-
perience of every Senator. Let us look at the fact
as we know it to exist; how much business have
we ever done after five o 'clock in the afternoon ?
What have been the scenes exhibited in the Sen-
ate? Irritation 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. So much
the more reason to meet earlier.
Mr. "1RUMBULL. Isitso? What occasions
the irritation late in the afternoon? What is it,
except that men are exhausted, tired, and fatigued
uy the-protracted session, and become irritable.
'?nse arid ""Peasant disputes, and
wet, iid m fnvolous motions of one kind or another,
oftentimes without a quorum; and I notice here
tc-day Senators voting to meet at eleven o'clock
who frequently are not hereattheclose in the after-
noon, and oil account of whose absence the Sen-
ate has had to adjourn for want of a quorum.
think there are hours enough after twelve
o'clock for us to be together. I believe we shall
accomplish as much business, do it quite as well,
and certainly more agreeably an d m ore pleasan tly,
if we sit a less number of hours each day; but if
it is insisted on that we shall meet at eleven in the
morning, I hope the Senate will agree to adjourn
at four in the afternoon. That will give us a five
hours' session, which, I think, is as long as we
ought to be confined at one sitting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am op-
posed to the adjournment of Congress until we act
upon the important measures that are now before
us; but I have voted to-day to take up this res-
olution and consider it, and I shall vote to meet
at eleven o'clock; and I do so because I am anx-
ious that several very important questions pend-
ing before both Houses of Congress shall be acted
on by Congress before we adjourn. I see, and I
think the Senator from Illinois should see, that
there is a strong disposition, especially in the
House of Representatives, to have Congress ad-
journ on or about the 1st of next month. Many
members, of the other House especially, are anx-
ious to return home to their constituents, and we
cannot but sympathize with them more or less in
that desire. As the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from Maine have said, we ha.ve labored
more hours than the Senate has at any previous
Congress. I think that if we count in the extra
session of last summer, this Congress has sat
double the time of the average of any other Con-
gress since I have been here, at any rate, and I
think, as a general rule, the members have attend-
ed the sessions very well. I know, as was said
by the Senator from Illinois, that some of those
who are voting to meet at eleven o'clock are not
always here at a late hour of the day when we
adjourn. But the committees have nearly closed
their business, or they ought to have nearly closed
their business; nearly 311 the important measures
of this session have been matured and are before
us, and therefore the meetings of the committees
are less frequent and time is less needed for them
than heretofore. If we meet at eleven o'clock we
can sit hero five or six hours, and I believe pre-
serve our numbers better than we can by meeting
at twelve o'clock, for when five o'clock comes we
are not only exhausted by the labors of the day,
but most of us feel that it is about time to have
dinner. _ If we meet at eleven o'clock wo can sit
here until four or five o'clock in the afternoon, and
go home, I think, in a better condition than we
can do by meeting at twelve o'clock and under-
taking to sit here until six o'clock. Therefore,
looking at things as they are, looking to the earn-
est desire to close this session in a few weeks that
pervades Congress—and we know it, and we can-
not change that disposition—and in view of the
necessity of acting upon very important meas-
ures yet unacted upon, 1 think it the part of wis-
dom for the Senate to meet at eleven o'clock, and
I shall so vote. I shall vote against fixing any
day of adjournment of this session, and against
adjourning this session until some of the very im-
portant questions which are unacted upon have
been acted on by Congress. I believe it to be a
duty which we owe to the country to act upon
these measures, and I am willing to stay here the
whole summer if it be necessary to do so.
As to the policy of the Administration, I have
no idea that we are to have any indications other
than those we now have. I think the policy of
the Administration will be shaped by the action
m the two Houses of Congress, and, in my judg-
ment, it is our duty as the Representatives of the
States and of the people to indicate to those who
administer the laws of the country what we think
the policy of this Government should be. I had
rather give a policy to the President of the United
States than to take a policy from the President of
the United States. Being anxious that we who
repiesent the States and the people of this coun-
tiy, and have some knowledge, or ought to have
some knowledge, of those whom we represent,
shall settle a policy for the nation in this crisis of
its history, 1 am i'or remaining here until we can
do it. In order to have time to do it, I am for
meeting hen- at eleven o'clock, and I would meet
at ten o'clock if that would advance the business.
We have the Pacific uiilroad bill before the Sen-
ate. I had thought that we should get through
with that bill very speedily, and pass it without
great trouble; but it looks-to me now as though
several days have to be spent on it. Then we have
the confiscation bill and other measures that are
to come before us. I think it is the part of wis-
dom, and I shall give my vote accordingly, to meet
at eleven o'clock in the morning.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois
providing that the hour of adjournment shall be'
four o'clock in the afternoon, by striking out
"four" and inserting " five."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment of the
Senator from Illinois is that the Senate shall ad-
journ at four o'clock, unless they adjourn at an
earlier hour. I prefer that the Senator from Del-
aware should withdraw his proposition, and let us
amend the amendment by inserting "or later"
after " earlier;" so as to fix a certain hour unless
the Senate shall see fit to adjourn either earlier or
later. [Laughter.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. This seems to me to be
trifling. The Senate have power to adjourn at
any time, and cannot be governed by any previ-
ously made rule in that respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is just as competent to
fix the hour of adjourning as the hour of meeting.
Can we not agree to meet at nine o'clock? Can
we not agree to adjourn at four o'clock? Do we
not fix the ordinary time of meeting? Whenever
no motion is made, we come together at twelve
o'clock; that is the understanding. Now it is pro-
posed to alter that, and to provide that we shall
come together at eleven. I propose to amend the
resolution, so that when we get together, unless
the Senate think proper to adjourn earlier, when
the hour of four arrives we shall, under a stand-
ing order, then adjourn. Of course, if the Senate
should think proper to adjourn at an earlier hour
it could do so; but when the hour of four o'clock
arrived it would have to adjourn unless the order
were changed, just as it has to meet at twelve
o'clock unless that order is changed. The very
wise suggestion of the Senator from Maine, that
we should adjourn at four o'clock unless we ad-
journ either earlier or later, might just as well be
applied to the proposition he is advocating, so as
to provide that we shall meet at eleven o'clock in
the morning, unless the Senate decides to meet
earlier or later.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; it can be re-
considered at any moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
very much of wisdom in that suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment to strike out
" four," and insert " five."
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
The amendment was rejected; there being on a
division—ayes 9, noes 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. There appears to be a majority of
the Senate in favor of this resolution, and as I
shall vote against it I simply desire to say that it
is because I understand it to be offered with a view
to an early adjournment of Congress, and I am
unwilling to vote for anything which is to assign
the termination of the session until we shall have
something decisive in regard to the operations
of our armies before Richmond. I shall vote
against it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As my honorable friend
from New York seems to think that those who
vote for meeting at eleven o'clock are expressing
their opinion as to the time when Congress ought
to adjourn, I beg to say that he is entirely mis-
taken so far as I am concerned. I simply mean to
say that by my vote that we will hereafter meet at
eleven o'clock and adjourn when we get ready in
the course of the day, and as to the time of the
adjournment of Congress finally, it is a question
on which 1 reserve to myself to express my
opinion as events shall transpire. I expect to see
something done at Richmond; indeed I expect to
.celebrate the coming 4th of July in Richmond; and
I do not expect we shall adjourn before that time.
That is ail I desire to say.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that the forenoon
of the day is usually taken up by the proper per-
formance of the committee business, and I appre-
hend that some Senators may be laboring under
