THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here rcccived from the Senate
by Mr. Forney, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill to incor-
porate the Washington and Georgetown Railway
Company, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
On motion of Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, the
bill was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 180) authorizing the detail of naval officers
for the service of the War Department; when the
Speaker signed the same.
VIRGINIA ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am told, what I was not
aware of before, that the recently non-represented
district in the western part of Kentucky is now
filled, and filled by a loyal man, who is here ready
to take his scat. In Missouri, where there was
as much disloyalty perhaps as in most of these
States, and where the Government interfered to
protect loyal men, we have a loyal government
and a loyal representation in both branches of
Congress. Ana I have no doubt in the world that
when the Government goes forward and gives pro-
tection to loyal citizens in secession States, you
will find men who have been pining and longing
and waiting for your arrival there many long and
wearisome months. A few there are who have
escaped to tell the secrets of their prison house;
and that is the tale which they unfold. Those men
have hud a stern, a hitter, and a more terrible ex-
perience in reference to this rebellion; and 1 may
be permitted to say that they understand it in a
different manner, and after another sort of educa-
tion from what you possibly can.
Gentlemen tell mo that in their districts they
feel none of the effects of the war; that business
goes on; that trade and commerce progress in
their usual channels. I rejoice that it is so, and
I only wish that those men, those misguided and
miserable dupes who proclaimed less than twelve
months ago that by their movements the North
would be ruined, that beggary and starvation
would go hand in hand over the country—I say,
1 wish they could be taken and be made to see
the comparative prosperity winch 1 know exists
in your several districts. It would be the strongest
and the severest rebuke which could possibly be
administered. But while that is so, permit me to
say—and I do it with all kindness—that it has
prevented you from understanding, by personal
observation, by individual experience, the real
and rugged and hard features oft his eon test which
is wnged around us. War isilagrnnt around our
hearthstone#; our homes are invaded by rebellion;
we know the manner of it, and we think we under-
stand the best and the most effective method of
meeting and crushing it.
I submit, then, whether it is not wise, whether
it is not pi udeiit, to let that poi tion of your people
be represented; to let their voice he heard through
the Representatives thatthey will send here? Ay,
more, is it not right, is it not just, is it not consti-
tutionally guarantied, that they shall have a re-
publican, that is a representative, form of govern-
ment. I submit whether the applicant was not
right when he based his application upon the hi^h
ground of constitutional right, for his oppiessed,
downtrodden constituency; speaking for them, and
not for himself, or in his own behalf.
Mr. Speakct, this tiain of thought would lead
me too far and in too wide a range for the pieseut
discussion, and m the present condition ot the
IIouso. I do not feel at liberty to consume your
time by speaking of that poiUon of the people of
the secession States, who, in the midst of trials,
privations, insults, maraudings, imprisonment,
and murder, have still maintained their allegiance
to their Government, and who will welcome your
flag, when it comes, with a shout of ]oy, such as
has scaicf ly gone up since the morning of the
creation. It is a very easy matter, permit my to
say, for you to be true to your country. It costs
you comparatively little. It is a widely different
thing for them. It is all the difference between
swimming upstream and swimimngdown stream
in very swift and stormy water. I have been sur-
prised, I confess, that when my own colleague
and the present occupants presented their creden-
tials it was thought necessary to refer them to the
Committee of Elections at all. But after the most
handsome manner in which I myself had been
welcomed by the House, and especially by the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, 1 was
estopped from making a protest, much less mak-
ing a complaint; but I submit for the considera-
tion of that gentleman whether his duty, standing
at the portals of the House to challenge all comers,
requires him to go beyond the certificate of the
Governor of Virginia, bearing the great seal of
that ancient State, and whether all the precedents
and usages of the House do not require him to
admit this gentleman to his scat, and occupy it
unless his right to do so is called in question by
somebody who claims to have higher credentials
than ho has?
I know there have been instances in which such
a certificate has been disregarded. It was, sir, in
the famous New Jersey election case, which oc-
curred m 1839. The facts of that case, as I recol-
lect them at this distance of time, arc briefly these:
Five gentlemen came here with the certificate of
Governor Pennington, under the great seal of the
State, thatthey were duly elected; five others with
the certificate of the Secretary of State to the fact
that they had received the largei number of votes.
The question of admitting the gentlemen having
the Governor's certificate occupied the attention
of the House, and prevented its organization for
weeks. Mr. John Ctuincy Adams, certainly a
very high authority in parliamentary law, took
the ground on the floor, and afterwards in the
chair, where he was placed temporarily as chair-
man of the body, that the certificate of the Gov-
ernor, under the seal of the State, was evidence,
prima facic indeed in character, and, like all prima
facie evidence* subject to be rebutted, but still evi-
dence conclusive of the right of the parties in the
outset to be admitted to their seats, subject to be
expelled upon a subsequent examination, and
upon a contest by the parties who were making
the application. 1 he House, however—and I thinly
the record will sustain me m saying that the de-
cision was a political and not a judicial decision—
decided that neither set of applicants should for
the present be admitted to take their scats; and
neither were admitted until theirpapershad been
referred to the Committee of Elections upon the
subsequent organization of the House. Rut that
was a case in which the seal and certificate of the
Governor were contested in the outset. Here
there is no contest; here there is no allegation of
fraud or of malpractice; nothing, in fact, except
an allegation that, upon going into proceedings
behind the certificate, the committee find them to
have boon irregular. This irregularity—and it is
upon this point that 1 feel the deepest solicitude—
this irregularity must indeed enter more or less
into all the elections that in the next twelve months
may be attempted to be held in any portion of the
secession States. ] t cannot be otherwise. Civil
war, armed men, stnfo, intestine confusion, dis-
loyal local officers, will interpose to prevent the
exercise of the elective franchise as it is exercised
in ordinary times. lint, I ask, shall we, the loyal
men, the true men, the men who have been with
you from the beginning trying to sustain the Gov-
ernment, shall wfi, therefore, be disfranchised ?
Shall our right to be heard betaken from us? Ir-
regular as may be our mode of expressing our
opinions and designating our Representatives, wc
must beg of you to
u lie to out faults a little Wind,
Ami to (mi vmu<j~ evri kind."
We ask that irieguUwities which do not affect
i the substance of the matter, the expression of the
loyal sentiment of the people, shall not be scru-
tinized, that iheyshnll not he canvassed with the
rigor that under other circumstances might be
thought proper. The "inclination of the court"
is a legal expression that every lawyer perfectly
understands. We know that when the inclination
of the court is to a certain conclusion, everything
is inteipieted mobt favorably which leads* to it.
The inclination ofthecourt to punish the seducer
leads it to look very leniently upon the evidence
that i.i adduced to sustain legally the foundation
of the charge—winch is the relation of master and
servant between the aggrieved parent and the in-
( jured child. I submit that in cases like this and
I the cases that will come to us from that portion
I of the country where rebellion has borne sway—
because I believe there will be more such appli-
cations, and I trust before very long—I submit
that the inclination of the House, the inclination
of the court ought to be in favor of their being
heard, and not against it. And as my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is doing me the
honor to listen to these desultory remarks, I will
suggest to him that, as chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections, his object should be not to see
how many constituencies can be disfranchised,
but how many can be represented here to partici-
pate in the legislation of the House; a legislation
which, as I believe, is going to be more important
and have more effect upon the future ofthe coun-
try than that of any other Congress that ever con-
vened under the Constitution. I am far from
thinking, however, that we shall be concerned
merely with the question of legal tender, with
questions of finance, with questions affecting the
mode of dealing with prisoners, or the polity of
hospitals; but before we are through with our
term of seivice here wc shall find ourselves called
upon to deal with the gravest questions of State,
those that are to affect the millions who are to
come after us, and who will look back to these
troublous times ns the most disastrous period in
our history. Hence the importance that all those
portions of the country where there are loyal men
should be represented here.
What is the question, Mr. Speaker, that is in-
volved in this great national controversy ? The
real question is whether this Government shall
continue as one people, as one nation, or whether
it shall be divided into two or more distinct and
separate nationalities. That is the real question.
Shrill we be one people or many—epluribus unum
or ex uno phtres ! That is the real issue. Rebel-
lion has attempted to shift it, and to raise a false
issue; rebellion tells its dupes that it is an issue
between the North and the South, that the North
is attempting to subjugate and conquer the South.
1 have seen many a man, not much accustomed
to analytical reasoning, not a politician by habit,
not very studious in public affairs, but still having
an instinctive love for his country, I have seen
such a man approached by insidious treason in
language like this: " True, you were in favor of
the Union so long as we had a Union, but the
question is now between the North and the South,
and it is for you to decide whether you will go with
your own section or whetheryou will go with the
abolitionists of the North to subjugate it and put
it down." And lhavc seen such a man, unable to
detect and eliminate the fallacy that lay under it,
go away sorrowfully, and reluctantly believing
that in a national conflict he must cast in his lot
with his people, irrespective of his individual opin-
ion of the merits of the case. It is needless for
me to say that this is a most gross and outrageous
fallacy. It is a falsehood, and known to be so by
those who promulge it. This is not a contest be-
tween North and South. It is a contest between
the men who would break up this Government
and those who would preserve it.
"Another false issue thrust upon us in that sec-
tion of the country by treason, is, that this js a
question of the abolition ofslavery; and loyal men
have that rung in their ears from morning till night
and day after day. The question is not one of
sectionalism. It is not one of slavery or anti-sla-
very. These are not the issues involved in it, any
moie than the questions of the tariff, finance, the
currency. It is simply, as I have said, a question
of national existence. The Union men ofthe South
are with you, heart and hand, oil that question.
They aie eager, anxious, to rally at your side in
an effort to preserve the Government. They will
fight by your side, will counsel with you,and act
with you. They may differ with you in opinion
on the question of finance, the question of cur-
rency, the question of revenue, and on that other
and baleful question, our fons malorum et origo;
but I submit thatyou ought to admit their Repre-
sentative when he comes"here, and comes under
the sanction of the government which they are
able to organize. You should admit them to your
councils, suffer them to sit at the same board with
you, till you find that they should give place to
others who more fully and completely represent
the constituency in whose behalf they appear.
Mr. Speaker, I should be doing injustice to this
applicant were I not to do what he of course is
precluded from doing—say a word^t the House
personal to him. lie is, to a great extent, a
