1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2735
the idea that there is but very little of that busi-
ness to be done. I know that the two committees
upon which I have the honor to serve never had
so much business before them as they have to-day,
and I think a great deal of it is of a very import-
ant character.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee can meet
an hour earlier—at nine o'clock.
Mr. GRIMES. I cannotget breakfast and get
here before that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I always breakfast at
eight.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall have to make some ar-
rangement with my landlord to change the hour
of breakfast. [Laughter.] I am satisfied that the
most important part of the legislation of Congress
is always performed in the committees. I believe
thsit the more time we have to spend in the com-
mittees, if Senators will only spend it there and
perform their duties, the more advantageous it
" will be to the country and the Government, and
I do not believe it is good policy to curtail the
committee time for the sake of letting us come in
here and make speeches for the people.
Mr. KING. After the declaration of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I will simply add that I do
not regard the hour at which we shall meet as
important. I vote against the resolution simply
because, from the discussion that has taken place,
it is an indication at this time of an early termin-
ation of the session, and I am unwilling at this
time to express an opinion as to when the session
shall terminate.
Mr. BROWNING. I intend to vote against
the resolution, and as I do not wish to have it un-
derstood that I do so for the reasons already as-
signed, I will state very briefly, for myself, the
reasons that control my own vote. I am anxious
for an early adjournment, of Congress, very anx-
ious, and will contribute, as far as any effort of
mine can, to attain an early adjournment; but, for
one, I am compelled to doagreat deal of business
at the Departments, and I have no other time now,
as we do not adjourn over Saturdays, to give it
attention except in the morning; and that occupies
me; it is as much as I can do to go there, accom-
plish what business devolves on me on such morn-
ings as I can go, and get back here by twelve
o'clock. In addition to that, two of the commit-
tees to which I belong, the Committee on Foreign
Relations and the Committee on Territories have,
I believe, at this time, more important matters
before them for consideration than they have had
at any time during the session. One of these
committees, for a week or two past, has been
meeting twice a week, and the other meets once
a week, and last week met twice. This occupies
three, and sometimes four of the mornings of each
week. We get together as early as we can, and
we are never through with the consideration of the
business before us until twelve o'clock arrives.
For these reasons I shall vote against the res-
olution, while I repeat again, that I am extremely
anxious to bring the session to a close, and to
return to my home.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume that there is to be a
new tariff bill passed by Congiess at this session,
and it has not yet been even reported in the other
House. Of course it must pass there, come to the
Senate, must be thoroughly considered by our
committee, and then bo acted upon by the Senate.
The Senator from Iowa reminds me that there
must be a bankrupt bill passed. I agree with him.
That is another subject for consideration, and it
is now before the Committee 011 the Judiciary in
the Senate. That committee has not yet acted
upon it; it has not yet been reported to the Sen-
ate. There is another bill, also, which has been
recently reported to the Senate—the bill creating
provisional governments for the rebel Stales—one
ofthe mostimportnntmeasuics that have been sub-
mitted to Congress. Though that hes been acted
upon bj> the committee, it has not yet oeen reached
by the Senate. There are many other hills which
have not even been acted upon by the commit-
tees, and yet we are now considering whether we
shall precipitate the close of this session of Con-
gress.
Now, sir, I cannot enter into that business at
at all; 1 do not believe it proper policy; I do not
believe it to be our duty. I believe that it is our
duty to stay here and meet these great questions
in their proper older as they are presented, and
to that end it is our duty to allow the committees
to have them in charge the full time for their
proper consideration. Now it is proposed that the
Senate shall meet at eleven o'clock. Why, sir,
that will cut off the committees from having the
time which thus far has been allowed to them
for the consideration of important measures in
their hands. But Senators have assumed that
there are notsuch important measures now; they
have assumed that the business is so far forward
that we can mectateleven o'clock, and thus take
time from the committees. Why, sir, the, very
statement I have made is a sufficient answer to
that assumption. There are measures that have
not yet been touched by our committees, which
are among the most important that this Senate has
ever been called to act upon; and yet our com-
mittees are not to be allowed the proper time.
Sir, I believe that all these questions can be bast
considered in the committees; th6 best labor must
be done there; and when you cut off the commit-
tees from their customary time of meeting you
prevent them from doing the work which is es-
sential in the discharge of our public duties.
I am, therefore, sir, against this early hour of
meeting, on the positive ground that it will shut
out our committees from the discharge of their
duties on important public questions m which the
country is interested; and then I am also against
this early meeting, in so far as it may be supposed
to-denote a purpose to bring the session to an early
close. I agree with the Senator from New York
on that point; we ought not to prepare for an early
close; we ought to make up our minds to continue
here—I do not say as the Senator from Maine has
suggested, en permanence; I do not know that any
Senator here has that idea 
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood the Senator
from Illinois so.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly did not so under-
stand him, and I listened to him closely.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understood him that, in
a time of war, we should continue in session.
That is the way I understood him.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course, the Senator from
Illinois can state his own views. I did not so
understand him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said 110 such thing,
and I had no such thing in contemplation. I ad-
vanced no such idea. I will not interrupt the Sen-
ator now, but I will answer the suggestion after-
wards.
Mr. SUMNER. I agreed with the Senator from
Illinois in what 1 understood to be his view, that
it was our duty at this time to stay here in ihe
discharge of our public duties just so long as those
public duties might render it necessary; if that
was all the time, then we should stay all the time;
if that was en permanence, th'en our session should
be en permanence; but I did not understand the
Senator from Illinois to suggest that our public
duties here would require a permanent session.
He did assert—and 1 follow him in that—that our
public duties do require our continuance here for
some time to come; that there are important meas-
ures before us as yet untouched, which in the nat-
ural course of business we cannot adequately deal
with without sitting here a considerable period of
time to come.
I protest, sir, against the idea of pushing this
session to a premature close. I think that it is
something like the abandonment of important pub-
lic duty, and when I say this I do not come under
any criticism of the Senator from Maine on ac-
count of any avoidance of labor. 1 have been in
the Senate as many hours as thatSenator has this
session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And very anxious to get
out of it a good deal earlier.
Mr. SUMNER. And very anxious to get out
of it a good deal earlier, the Senator says; and for
a good reason, because 1 felt that after sitting here
five or six hours a day we had fully discharged
our duties, and I did not concur with the idea sug-
gested by that Senator that business was to be
hurried through so as to close the session. I do
not enter into that idea. Nobody questions the
labor the Senator has performed. It has been
obvious to all; but ill that he is not alone. Other
Senatois here have labored faithfully both in the
Senate and out ofthe Senate, in this body and m
their committees. I do not know lhat any mem-
ber of this body is in a condition to criticise his
associates in that respect. I believe we are all upon
an equality; at least I claim nothing for myselt
that I do not freely accord to others; nor do I
think that the Senator from Maine or any other
Senator can claim for himself what the rest of us
may not claim.
I am sorry to have detained the Senate so long;
but, sir, I do feel that it is little less than an aban-
donment of duty for us to even begin to take stfeps
towards a final adjournment of Congress. *
Mr. HALE, if I had any doubt in my own
mind as to how I should vote on this resolution,
the Senator from Massachusetts would have con-
vinced me of the propriety of voting in favor of
it, because he enumerates the great amount of
business we have got to do. Then we ought to
begin earlier in the day to do it.
Mr. SUMNER. Thecommittees have to work.
Mr. HALE. A word aboutthese committees.
I represent here an industrious people; I represent
a people whose Legislature occupy but about four
weeks a year in doing their whole legislation, and
I will tell you how they do it. -Every committee
that has any business to do meets at eight o'clock
in the morning and sits till ten, not once a week,
as we do here, but every day, and then meets
two or three hours in the evening every day; and
my colleague, who has done service in that Legis-
lature, will bear witness 
Mr. CLARK. And the Legislature has two
sessions a day.
Mr. HALE. Yes, the House has a forenoon
session and an afternoon session. It is a very
large body, and it does up our business in about
four weeks. If we would justimitate them a little,
we should do vastly more than we do.
Sir, I should be ashamed to go home to my
constituents and tell them that it was an excuse
for the committees to sit that we could not meet
at eleven o'clock in the morning. They would
ask, "how often do thecommittees sit?" If I were
to tell them "once a week," they would stare at
me with incredulity. Then I should go on to say,
"there is the Senator from Massachusetts, chaii-
man of an important committee, a man second to
nobody for the assiduity with which he labors;
by an extraordinary stretch of industry, his-com-
mittee has sometimes in the cool part of the season
sat twice a week." [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Twice last week:
Mr. HALE. Twice in one week, and now he
is up hero arguing against meeting at eleven
o'clock on account of the arduous labors ofijthe
committee! Why do not the committees meet at
nine o'clock? Why do they not meet twice a
week, three times a week, four times a week, if
necessary ? I never heard such an argument be-
fore in all my life. It is argued that there is such
a tremendous press of business upon us here that
we must not touch it till noon day, when the me-
chanics and laborers about us have done a half
day's work, and gone home to dinner; and gen-
tlemen 's sensibilities are shocked at a proposition
to call them here an hour earlier.
Sir, I hope this resolution will be adopted. I
think it will puzzle the ingenuity of the astute Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts to convince his constitu-
ency—for Massachusetts is not a much lazier Slate
than New Hampshire, [laughter]—of the pro-
priety of his argument that we must not meet until
twelve o'clock, we have got so much to do 1 It
strikes me exactly the reverse.
Again, sir, I do not see how a man's patriotism
is to be manifested by staying here very long. I
want to do everything that is to be dune, and I want
to do it rightaway. I do not think anything is to
be gained by our staying here. Indeed, I think
that the common sense of the people takes a
breathing spell and rests with more ease every
timo that Congress adjourns, and that there is
nothing to be gained m the conduct of this war
by our staying here. What have we done to
regulate the war,? How can we regulate it, and
what can we do ? We have gone up and given
our advice to the President, I suppose; I have,
once or twice, but I will never do it again, though,
[laughter,] and I do not think that any of those
who have gone up and have had such experience,
will be inclined to repeat it. The President will
take the thing in his own hand and manage it in
his own way, without any interference of ours.
Congress are perfectly incompetent to do any such
thing; it does not belong to them, that is, it does
not belong to them so far as the details of the
management of the Army are concerned. I agree
with my friend from Maine, and with my friend
