256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June
3Yxh Cong....2d Sess.
Agricultural Colleges—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. of Reps.
at that our pertinacious refusal to extend the ordi-
nary courtesies of national recognition had crip-
pled the energies of our merchants and disable^
the enterprise of our citizens. Never has it been
more important to us than now to find a welcome
and a certain market for our wealth of agriculture
and our infinite industrial products. Nor has there
been a time when it was so essential as now that
we should enter into treaties with the Government
of Hayti. Treaties arc not made until nationali-
ties arc admitted. We need her harbors for our
national vessels, and the time is at hand when we
may find nowhere else so opportune and fitaccom-
modation.
Within a few years past invitations have been
extended from the Haytien Government for such
emigration as a portion of our population now be-
gins earnestly to seek. Providence opens to us an
answer to the earnest cry of philanthropy for a
home for those who are houseless and without
home here. But first, this bill must become a law
and fit treaties must be made and rights recognized
and friendly intercourse established. It is fortu-
nate for us that such a man as Fabre JcfFrard con-
ducts the Haytien administration. Ho is a true
man and a wise statesman. Already the influence
of his administrative ability is felt in the assured
security of life and of property under his rule. He
loves his country, and if his public life shall be
continued he will make her gr^t at home and
everywhere respected.
There was recently a court-martial ordered at
Port au Prince to try certain conspirators against
the Government. There were twenty-eight ac-
cused and twelve condemned to death. JefFrard,
in a proclamation issued by him in January last,
commuted their sentence. And these.are the rea-
sons ho assigns:
"At the moment of ordeiing the cxccution of this sen-
tence, filled with the sentiments of humanity, of which I
have given more than one proof, and to wluch ihe interest
of my country has sometimes obfiged me to do violence, {
h.ive asked myself if the life of thesu citizens, led astray
for a moment by blind ambition, could not be spared tins
oiict', without endangering society. Everything has coun-
seled clemency ! The reprobation with which the criminal
movement of November last was received, the complete
isolation of its authors, the perfect tranquillity which the
country li;v< enjoyed beibtc a* well as since this attempt, and
which" these madmen, notwithstanding their efforts, could
not in the lea-it disturb, and finally the stability of the re-
public. Ui mg the power guarantied by the Constitution, I
have commuted their sentence of death to that of impris-
onment.
a Citizens! The Government of tlie republic is able to
show itself generous, because it possesses that powerful
force which the sympathies and devotion of the people j?iv£.
u To maintain its powei, It does not need, like tho«e odi-
ous and tyrannical .system*, to impress terror by its inflex-
ibility in chastisement. It will ever be, with the aid of
Provideneeand the concurrence of good citizens, that I shall
endeavor to counteiact all attempts against public order,
timt I may thereby the inoic eff< dually insuie that secu-
rity which is so necessary to the country for its moral and
material advancement, as well as the development of its
commercial relations with foreign nations.
" Done at the National Palace of Port au Prince the 29tU
of January, 186*2, in the fifty-ninth year of the independ-
ence. . JEFFRAllD."
A republic whose citizens, after an independ-
ence of sixty years, have chosen such a President,
should be made welcome by us among the family
of nations.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. MORRILL,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
June 6, 1862.
The House being 111 the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the bill
donating public lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts-
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, said:
Mr. Chairman: I shall avail myself of the par-
liamentary privilege to-day, of general debate, to
make a speech without the pepper and spice of
party or sectional politics,ana yetl hope one not
without some interest to the House. 1 shall dis-
cuss a measure which has heretofore received a
fenorous support on the part of Democratic mem-
ers, almost the undivided support of the South
American members, (formerly so-called,) and,
•with about two exceptions, the undivided support
of the members on this side of the House; I mean
the land college bill, for which I hope to obtain
the favor of a large proportion of the present
House.
Mr. Chairman, among all the measures before
Congress since I have beeij a member, there have
been few, save those designed to maintain the
credit of these United States, which my judgment
and heart have more approved than this measure
providing for the education of the industrial classes
of young men of our country. Just in itself, be-
nevolent in its scope, demanded by the wisest
economy, it will add new securities to the perpe-
tuity of republican institutions. Wronging no-
body, it will prove a blessing to the whole people
now and for ages to come.
The bill, or one like it, has once passed Con-
gress by very large majorities, but unfortunately,
amongother sins which President Buchanan now
has leisure to repent of, is his veto upon a bill of
this character. Under more favorable auspices it
is now again brought forward. If it passes, as I
cannot doubt it will pass, Mr. Slidell, were it con-
venient for him to be here, could hardly command
a veto from the present patriotic occupant of the
White House, as he was charged with having
done on a former occasion. With this Congress
my humble services here will terminate, and the
only favor I have to ask of the House is to vote
upon this measure squarely on its merits. If its
character challenges approval, if the times more
than ever persuade to its adoption, then give such
a vote as will wake into life the instrumentalities
whereby a solid, useful, and practical education
can be had on terms within the reach of thousands
willing and expecting to work their way through
the world by the sweat of the brow.
It is true that some measures which we have
been considering, of more or less merit, I have
thought it inopportune to press at this particular
junctureofaffairs; butl do notinclude this among
"them. Instead of being postponed, it is a meas-
ure that should havebefcn initiated at least a quar-
ter of a century ago, and if it had been, our tax-
able resources would now have been far greater
than they are, and the absence of all military
schooling would at the outsetof the present rebel-
lion have been less conspicuous in the loyal States.
Agriculture might long ere this have felt its influ-
ence; the statistics of the country might have been
more abundant and valuable; the young men
might have had more of fitness for their sphere of
duties, whether on the farm, in the workshop, or
in the battle-field.
Something of military instruction has been in-
corporated in the bill in consequence of the new
conviction of its necessity forced upon the atten-
tion of the loyal States by the history of the past
year. A total unpreparedness presents too many
temptations even to a foe otherwise weak. The
national school at West Point may suffice for the
regular Army in ordinary years of peace, but it is
wholly inadequate when a large army is to be
suddenly put into service. If we ever expect to
reduce the Arm y to its old dimensions, ana again
rely upon the volunteer system for defense, each
State must have the means within itself to organ-
ize and officer its own forces. With such a system
as that here offered—nurseries in every State—an
efficient force would at all times be ready to sup-
port the cause of the nation and secure that whole-
some respect which belongs to a people whose
power is always equal to its pretensions.
This bill proposes to establish at least one col-
lege in every State upon a sure and perpetual
foundation, accessible to all, but especially to the
sons of toil, where all the needful science for the
practical avocations of life shall be taught, where
neither the higher graces of classical studies nor
that military drill our country now so greatly ap-
preciates will be entirely ignored, and where agri-
culture, the foundation of all present and future
prosperity, may look for troops of earnest friends,
studying its familiar and recondite economies, and
at last elevating it to that higher level where it may
fearlessly invoke comparison with the most ad-
vanced standards of the world. The bill fixes the
leading objects, but properly, as I think, leaves to
the States considerable latitude in carrying out
practical details. Some of the States already have
colleges started on the principles here embodied—
as Pennsylvania, New York, Michigan, Mary-
land, Ohio, and Iowa—but these linger with a very
incomplete staff of professors, as might be ex-
pected from the scantiness of their funds. The aid
tendered here will enable these States to fully equip
these institutions or to found others where it may
bethought wise to give military science something
of greater prominence. Some States perhaps may
have more literary colleges than are or can be lib-
erally sustained. Part of these may be easily
transformed so as to come within the terms here ,
proposed. Every State will be the judge of its -
own requirements, and I have no doubt each will '■
feel sufficient interest in the subject to make a
judicious disposition of the grant.
Against all speculation or squandering this bill
is most stringently guarded. The entire fund is
to be held good and wholly devoted to the object,
as the States are to pay all incidental expenses,
even the first cost of the buildings and their sub-
sequent repairs. But it cannot be doubted that in
every State this charge will be mainly a nominal
one, as many towns will be likely to strive to se-
cure the location of these institutions within their
limits, and an active competition will arise from
the tender of lands and buildings in order to obtain
an end so desirable.
If these colleges should be established, it is to
be hoped the donation of lands, with some little
outside aid, will be sufficient at no remote period
to offer instruction free of any charge for tuition,
and that through connection with farms which may
be attached indigent young men, by voluntary
labor of a few hours each day, may, where desira-
ble, give an equivalent, wholly or in part, for their
board. Certainly the opportunity of obtaininga
sound education adapted to the wants of the indi-
vidual will be offered at reduced rates, a love of
useful labor will be promoted, and thus health and
usefulness cannot but be advanced among those
who otherwise might waste a life in uncultured
ignorance or cultivated imbecility.
Not one in fifty of those young men who apply-
to us to be nominated as candidates for the Mili-
tary or Naval Schools can be gratified. All these
young men feel conscious of their ability to do
something honorable for themselves and their
country, and their ambition takes the direction of
these schools mainly because they know not how
elsewhere to obtain a fitting education. The num-
bers of this class will now be greatly augmented.
The ability of parents to educate their children
will be curtailed, while the desire to obtain an
education, especially a military one, will have
been increased. These young men, if this bill
should pass, will find a field open to them large
enough to satisfy all reasonable ambition.
There is no appeal that comes so resistlessly to
our sympathy—and there are few men here, I dare
say, who have not felt it—as that of a bright-eyed
boy, without means, but strong in virtues and
noble aspirations, seeking the temporary aid that
will enable him to achieve a liberal education.
Let the corner-stones of these land colleges be
laid, and this army of lads, who are so soon to
take charge of the institutions of our country, will,
with all the enthusiasm of faith and hope, " thank
God and take courage!"
The question, " What shall we do with the pub-
lic lands.'" has long been one of the mostinterest-
ing political problems to be solved. In ordinary
times our taxation has been so light that the reve-
nue obtained from this source might have been
reimbursed from other sources without much com-
plaint; but now we have not only to curtail ex-
Eenses, but to enlarge the circle of every revenue
ill. From the seeming vastness of our public
lands, magnified by all the wastes, mountains,
waters, and deserts, it has been thought impossi-
ble to overestimate their extent or value; and on
the theory that they were inexhaustible, they have
always, when sold, been held at an inconsiderable
price—scarcely more than the fees for transfer and
record of title in older countries—and, when given
away, the mile-squares have been bestowed with
a lavishness only equaled in the days of feudal-
ism. The legislator, from his dizzy height, has
looked overall the broad area, and like one of old
has been ready to say to all with unappropriated
votes, "all this will 1 give thee, if thou wilt fall
down and worship me!" Grants for railroads
and military bounties have been made with such
loose abundance as to destroy the gifts and more
