1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7 55
their senator and their two representatives to the
Wheeling government. Accomac alone gave some
twelve hundred votes to her senator and her rep-
sentatives, who passed through here a few days
since on their way to Wheeling. Northampton
did not give so largo a vote by several hundred,
as it is ft much smaller county. I saw one of those
gentlemen and conversed with him as he passed
through Washington.
Now, sir, all the loyal people of that district are
content thnt the present claimant shall be seated
here. They have not sent a murmur here. Will
you send back word to the loyal men of that dis-
trict that they shall not be represented here, he-
cause when they met for the purpose of voting
under the proclamation of Governor Pierpont they
met at the risk of their lives, because they periled
their very necks and everything they had on earth?
Will you send back word to them that they can-
not be protected here? I was struck with the
tenacity with which, a few days ago, the Brit-
ish Government protected her flag from what she
supposed was an insult. She gave protection to
rebels, and she even would have extended it to
negroes if they had claimed protection there; and
yet here there is a loyal band of your own coun-
trymen, accustomed to your own flag, who come
here imploring you to give them protection, and
to hoist your flag over them, and you send them
back deliberately because they have not complied
with the forms of law. If you can do so, do it. I
cannot send such word to the loyal men of any
State; and I am sure I have no very strong south-
ern proclivities. I declare to you, befoie God,
that were Maine in rebellion, and should a man
arrayed against that rebellion come here, as this
man comes here,I would give him aseathere,just
as readily as I would give a seat to a Represent-
ative of such a band from a southern State.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish, without exhausting
the patiencc of the House, to trespass upon its
time for a few moments, to express to it my con-
viction of the right of this case, and to show the
reasons why I shall cast my vote in favor of the
applicant's seat upon this floor, as a Represent-
ative from the first district of Virginia. It is not
because I wish to extend a favor or kindness to
the people of that State, but because I believe it
is the right of that gentleman to have a seat upon
this floor. 1 make no appeal to sympathy; I do
not wish to arouse the feelings and passions of
this House. I tell gentlemen I believe I can make
good this applicant's claim to his seat on the
score of justice. I believe that every requirement
which can be demanded to make an election
proper was complied with in this case, and that
the most complete and perfect conformity to that
law was observed by those men who have sent
Mr. Segar from the State of Virginia as their
Representative here.
I contend that that convention which assembled
in Wheeling had the light, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to pais.? a law fixing the
time and placc in the State of Virginia when and
where Representatives to the Congress of theUni-
tcd States should be elected. There is nothing in
the Constitution of the United States upon this
subject but that clause which prescribes that the
Legislature of a State shall fix the time and place
for holding elections for members of Congress of
the United States. And 1 assert here that a legis-
lature of the highest order, of the veiy highest
order known to law or history, passed a law which
prescribed.that this election should be held at the
time it was held. It was fixed by that convention
of Virginia to which allusion has been made. Is
not such a convention as that a legislature ? Is
not it a body that makes laws for the people who
convened it ? it makes the organic law, the high-
est of all known laws; and its duty generally does
not stop even here, it goes on and enacts laws ne-
cessary to put the government m being under that
organic law.
That is all thisconvention did m this case. The
chairman of the Committee of Elections of this
House says that there was a Legislature, created
by that con ven t ion, in session at the city of Wheel-
ing at the same timu that this convention sat there.
I admit it. He says it was the duty of that Legis-
lature to pass a law prescribing the time and place
*bf holding the elections. I admit it; and I assert
here* that, if that Legislature had passed such a
law, this election, at which my friend from Vir-
ginia was chosen to a seat upon this floor from
the first district of Virginia, would have been held
under it. But the Legislature failed to pass a law,
and adjourned on the 24th of July. There was
after that no Legislature in session; and if the
convention which was still in session had ad-
journed also without making any provision for
this omission of the Legislature, the State of Vir-
ginia would have been unrepresented upon this
floor, because of the absence of any law upon the
subject of elections. But because of this very
omission of the Legislature, and because it ad-
journed on the 24th without passing any such law,
the convention adopted a law prescribing the
times and placcs when and where elections should
be held in the State of Virginia for Representatives
to the Congress of the United States. Under that
law, and on that day, an election was held in the
first congressional distiict of Virginia, and on
that day the gentleman who applies for a scat in
this House was elected, the largest number of
votes having been cast for him.
But, says the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] there was a defect in this matter,
because there was no notice to the people of the
first district of the time and place of the election.
I contend that there was the broadest notice; that
there was the highest notice recognized by thelaw,
of the time and place when the election should be
held. The duly-elected Governor of Virginia is-
sued his proclamation, in which he declared the
times and placcs of elections to bo held in Virginia;
and this election at which Mr. Segar was elected
from the first district was held at the time and
placc indicated by that proclamation of Governor
Pierpont. That proclamation of Governor Pier-
pont, the constitutionally-elccted Governorof Vir-
ginia, was published in the newspapers, and the
extract which is contained in the papers in this
case was taken from the National Intelligencer of
the 17th of October, some days before the election.
And the presumption is that it was published in
hundreds of papers besides.
But what notice does the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts require? When notice of an election
is given, does the gentleman require that a notice
shall be posted upon the cross roads and upon the
doors of groceries and every where else, announc-
ing that on such a day and at such a placc an elec-
tion will be held for a Representative in Congress?
I suppose that he will not contend for any such
rule as that. If he does, then I say that there is
no legally-elected member upon this floor. Cer-
tainly I was not elected under such a notice. I
was chosen at an election held in pursuance of a
proclamation of the Governor of our State—not
one of the best Governors, at that. I regarded that
as notice sufficient, and I regarded my election as
legal. So much for that objection to this election
held in the first district of Virginia.
But, sir, there is another objection which the
gentleman puts foiward. He says that at this
election—ordered by the sovereign convention of
the State of Viigima, proclaimed by the procla-
mation of the legal and constitutional Governor
of Virginia, held, as 1 contend, in accordance with
the laws of Virginia—there were only twenty-five
votes cast; and that because that small number of
votes cannot be regarded as an evidence that the
people of that distiict want Mr. Segar to be their
Representative in Congress, therefoie he should be
denied a seat upon this floor. Well, now, I should
like my learned friend from Massachusetts to in-
form me how many votes are required, under the
law prescribing an election, to make the election
legal and valid? If not twenty-five* will fifty do?
If not fifty, will a hundred do? Or one thousand,
or two thousand, or three thousand ? What num-
ber of votes is required, 1 ask iu the name of God,
to make an election, legal in every other point of
view, a valid election? I do not care if but one
man voted for the gentleman claiming this seat;
if no man voted for a competitor, he was legally
elected by a majority of the votes castat that elec-
tion, and is entitled to the seat.
Mr. Speaker, I desired to say this much because
I shall give a vote against the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections m this case, and, as a general
rule, I set up my own judgment with great diffi-
dence against such authority as that; but I am so
clearly convinced that I am right in this case, that
I am compelled to do so, and I believe the major-
ity of the House will feel themselves compelled
to*do it also. Sir, I am not willing to-day, when
the glorious announcement of the victory at Ro-
anoke has reached us, at the very moment when
the news reaches us that gladdens every heart
here, that Wise, perhaps, and certainly his whole-
command, have been captured at Roanoke, this
House of Congress in solemn session should de-
cree by this act that that man from the State of
Virginia who more than any other has been re-
garded for the last twenty years as Wise's great
antagonist and rival shall be denied a seat upon
this floor.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LOVEJOY. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to make a privileged motion.
I desire to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill to establish a department of
agriculture, reported this morning from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, was recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
VIRGINIA ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for not more than
five minutes, and probably not more than three.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to my friend from"
Pennsylvania.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say that when I heard the report of the Commit-
tee of Elections read here yesterday morning, I
made up my mind to vote for the resolution unan-
imously reported by that committee. I have been
accustomed since I have held a seat in this House
to pin my faith to the sleeve of my friend from
Massachusetts in all matters pertaining to elec-
tions. I have to say now, that during the pro-
gress of the debate yesterday my mind was in a
transition state. By evening, I had almost con-
cluded not to vote at all. This morning, I have
almost made up my mind to vote to admit the
gentleman who claims the seat from the Fortress
Monroe district, in Virginia, and in doing so—if
I shall not be convinced by my friend in his clos-
ing spcechthat there has been some fraud in this
election—I will say to him and to the other mem-
bers of the committee, that I shall differ from them
with the greatest reluctance, I think that the
committee in this case have looked at the matter
perhaps in the light of lawyers. We had a simi-
lar instance in a case of disloyalty in the Senate
recently, where the Committee on the Judiciary
reported unanimously, or with ono exception, in
favor of retaining a Senator in his seat, and the
Senate by a very large vote overruled that almost
unanimous report of the Judiciary Committee.
1 hope, therefore, that the members of the Com-
mittee of Elections, if a majority of the House
shall differ from them, will not suppose that it is
out of any disrespect to them or any want of con-
fidence in their judgment. I am satisfied that
upon the legal case presented to them, the com-
mittee made up their judgment correctly; but, I
am not disposed, as the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynaud] says, to stick in the bark in
this matter; 1 am disposed to go beyond the bark
and to get into the pith and marrow. " 1 believe
that the gentleman claiming the seat here is a
loyal man; I believe that he has made great sacri-
fices in behalf of this Union; and I believe that he
has been elected to a seat here under the forms of
law and under the provisions of the constitution
ofVirginia. If I am not mistaken, he has here a
certificate from the Provisional Governor of Vir-
ginia, whom we have recognized as the Governor
ofVirginia, certifying that he is entitled to the seat.
ThaC surely is a prima facie case. If he had an
opponent or antagonist who came here contesting
his right to the seat, then I admit that we should
have a right to go behind the Governor's certifi-
cate and inquire into the merits of the case, but
as theie is no contest and no such opponent, I feel
disposed to take this prima facie casu certified by
the Governor as conclusive upon me.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forget, its
Secietary, announced that the Senate had passed
a joint resolution to authoiizc the President to re-
i store Lieutenant Charles Hunter to the active list
| from the leave of absence list of the Navy, in
i which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
VIRGINIA ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I was about to say that at
the extra session of this Congress I committed
