2738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
ble, a tabular statement of the persons whose names are on
the pension roll of the United States, specifying the amount
of pension, for what service granted, whether rendered m
the regular Army, volunteer service, or Navy, the date of the
allowance thereof, and the number of applications pending
but undecided at the time such report shall be made.
CONDUCT OF OFFICERS AT FRONT ROYAL.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Whereas a communication dated Front ltoyal, Virginia,
June 7, 1862, was published in the New York Tribune of
June 14, instant, containing the following -statements and
charges, namely: "During the week our men suffered se-
verely. I never before knew what it was to be without shel -
terfor days and nights in a terrible storm without food, and
without means to procure it. Men and hordes were com-
pletely exhausted. Although the storm is over now, the sun
is shining, and everything presenting a cheerful appearancc,
we are even yet unable to procure Hie nccessaues of life
for man and beast, while there is plenty here belonging to
the rebels in nrras, carefully guaidod by oui own men,
but no one permitted to take a particle. I do Know where
theie is a commissary store belonging to the rebels very
near our late camping ground, with corn, bacon, &c.,
which our commissaries weie not permitted to touch, but
which was carefully guarded by our own soldiers, while our
own division was in great danger of mutiny by reason of
starvation! Ilebel corn can be procured here in abundance,
and also bacon, flour, &c. Yet our orders are that it shall
not be touched I Now, if I were in my own sweet home,
and would read of such warfare here in this liot-bed of
treason, I would not believe it; but I am here, and see it
for myself, and I affirm that it is true! Nor is this all. I
believe that the one Ivundied and sixty rebel prisoners con-
fined here are now better fed and cared tor than our own
brave soldiers. Almost every rebel house in Front Royal
is guarded by our own soldieis, while the inmates freely
express their contempt for our Government, and some of
them demand nothing less than gold and silvei find enor-
mous prices for their bread and meat. In a woul, every-
thing that can be done for the benefit and comfoit of our
enemies seems to be done, while our own soldiers must put
up with what they get, which is about half unions, little or
no shelter, and forced marches through stoun and mud day
and night:" Therefore,
Be it resolved,That the select committee on the conduct
of the war be instructed to make inquiry of and concerning
the tiuth of said statements* and chaiges, and report to this
House as soon as practicable the resultol' such inquiry, with
such recommendation in the premises a", in the judgment
ot the committee, the public interest's may icquire.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman will modify the lesolution so as to impure
the name of the commanding officer under whose
authority these proceedings took place.
Mr. WILSON". I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the allegations
in that communication are true, the name of the
officer in command who thus permitted the men
to suffer ought to be reported.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. "WILSON. I did not understand the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Missouri. I will
certainly modify the resolution as ho suggests.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is all I
desire.
The I'esolutioh, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. WILSONmoved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
^ OCCUPATION OF TIIE WHITE HOUSE.
^ Mr. POTTER submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved* That the Secretary of'War be directed to infoirn
this House, without delay, by whose orders the mansion
house of Colonel Lee, a lebel in the rebel army, on the
Pamunkey river, is guaidcd and protected by United State-?
soldiers, and withheld from hospital piuposes ; and also to
communicate to this House any correspondence in his pos-
be^'ion in reference to this matter.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me to
gay a single word ?
The SPEAKER. Any debate would carry the
resolution over?
Mr. DUNN. Then let it be carried over. I hope
the gentleman will permit me to make a single
remark.
Mr. POTTER. I have no right to give any
such permission.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for permission to make a remark in
reference to this resolution.
No objection was made.
Mr. IKJNN. I am glad to have the oppor-
tunity of saying a tew words to correct an erro-
neous impression which, to some extent, exists in
reference to the White House, and which does
injustice to General McClelian. The White
House has been spoken of as if it were some
great edifice like the Presidential Mansion, desig-
nated by that name, and as though it would afford
most valuable accommodations for a large number
of soldiers. It is but an ordinary farm-house,
containing six moderate-sized rooms. It is beau-
tifully located on the banks of the Pamunkey river,
and is surrounded by a grove of locust trees. It
was in this house or in one that stood on the same
site that Washington first met his wife, and it'
was her home for many years. It would have
been a very pleasant and comfortable place to have
been occupied by General McClelian for his head-
quarters when he advanced his army to that point;
but out of regard to the memory of Washington
and the associations of the place, the general de-
clined to use the premises himself, and placed a
guard around the yard to prevent any damage
from being done to the property. It was not be-
cause the property belonged to Colonel Lee, who
is a rebel and the son of a rebel and traitor, that
General McClelian thus respected it, but for the
reason above stated.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether he does not understand, as
everybody else understands, that this house is so
guarded on account of the request which was pre-
ferred by Mrs. Lee that it should be so guarded,
and that that property should be protected from
occupation by our troops ?
Mr. DUNN. No, sir.
Mr. POTTER. It is a fact; and I will say fur-
ther, that, instead of being the house in which
Washington found his wife, it has not been built
twenty years.
Mr. DUNN. I was informed by an old slave,
who had lived all his life on the premises, that
the house had been weather-boarded and other im-
provements made to it some years back, but that
the original frame was preserved. The property
belongs to the great-grandson of Mrs. Washing-
ton, I believe. I happened to be there when Gen-
eral McClelian arrived at the White House.
On the door was a card, in female handwriting,
requesting u the Union soldiers who profess to
revere the memory of Washington," to protect
from damage that house then owned by one of
Mrs. Washington's descendants. There was no
■person in the house, and no white petson on the
estate, and as there was no signature to the card
I do not know who wrote it; but 1 am satisfied
General McClelian would have pursued the course
he did if no such request had been made.
At that time there was no necessity for the house
being used as a hospital, nor was there any such
necessity when the army of the Potomac moved
forward from there. If any person was previously
entitled to its use, I suppose it was the command-
ing general. Since that time General McClelian
has been too much occupied with graver matters,
I suppose, to decide whether or not a small house
should be taken for a hospital. 1 see no objections
to its being so used; but I honor the generous and
patriotic feeling which induced General McClelian
to decline such pleasant quarters for himself, and
pitch his tent on the plowed ground and in the
hot sun. The house is too small to be of much
value as a hospital, and yet a great clamor is made
about this matter as though our wounded were
deprived of the use of a house of immense pro-
portions and of great value for hospital purposes.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to make a statement.
I had occasion to visit the Secretary of War, in
.connection with some medical gentlemen from
New York, who came here to inquire into this
matter of the occupation of the White House for
Army purposes. I felt it to be my duty to see
that every provision was made for our sick and
wounded officers and soldiers, having had occa-
sion myself to be at that White House, as it is
called, some few weeks since. The Secretary of
War informed us this morning that, after the
committee had called on him, appointed by those
who had been on a visit to the White House, he
had telegraphed to General McClelian that, if such
was the opinion of the medical officeis, it should
at once be taken for the use of the sick and
wounded officers and soldiers of the Army. But
since that time nothing has been done. The gen-
tlemen who were with mo, and who are men of
high character, told the Secretary that it was
necessary something should be done. He in-
formed us that if we would call upon the Surgeon
General in this city and obtain his opinion that if
was necessary the White House should be used
for hospital purposes, he would issue the order at
once. We proceeded at once to the office of the
Surgeon General, and he told us that he would
make the order immediately. I b^vc no doubt,
sir, that at this time—and I have just come from
the War Department—the telegraph is carrying
the order to the White House to use that White
House for hospital purposes.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, one week ago I
offered a similar resolution, and the same reason
was given why it should not be considered at that
time. At the request of several friends around me,
and on the suggestion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] especially, I withdrew
the resolution. I think that no hium can be done
by the passage of the resolution now pending. I
think that it is our duty to inquire into the mat-
ter. Gentlemen have not forgotten the facts at that
point when we were down there. Why, sir, when
that White House was guarded by United States
soldiers there was a spring of pure water in the
surrounding grounds to which our army had no
access unless they had a pass. That pure water
was denied to them, and they were compelled to
drink the foul water of the Pamunkey river.
Why should the use of this house and these
grounds be denied to the soldiers of the United
States? It seems to me to be only a continuation
of the cowardly policy of conciliation which has
been pursued since the commencement of this war.
Shall we conciliate the men in arms against our
Government? Shall we conciliate the man Lee,
who was responsible for the wounds inflicted upon
the soldiers who were denied access to the accom-
modations of that very White House? I say that *
it is a burning disgrace to the United States Gov-
ernment, and that it is time the House took action
on the matter. I hope, therefore, the resolution
will pass.
Mi. DUNN. I did not rise for the purpose
of discussing the propriety of using the White
House for hospital purposes, but to state that the
house was not protected out of any regard for the
interests of its rebel owner. I am suiprised the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Potter] should
attempt to put it upon that ground. As I have
said before, the house and yard were protected
out of a delicate regard for the memory uf Wash-
ing ton. It was a feeling which I am sute the coun-
tiy will appreciate and honor. The people will
u ridei stand the sentiment which governed General
McClelian in declining to use such inviting quar-
tets for himself and staff. He took as uncomfort-
able a part of the estate for his own quarters as
any of his soldiers had to occupy. Circumstances
have changed since General McClelian moved his
headquarters from the White House, and I do not
believe he would deny to his wounded soldiers the
use of the White or any other house.
As to the spring spoken of by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, the soldiers had a way of going
to it without passing thiough the forbidden prem-
ises. I saw them there frequently. If gentlemen
had been present and seen our soldiers encamped
in the wheat and clover fields of Colonel Lee and
burning his rails, they would not have supposed
that any person in the Army took much interest
in protecting the property of the rebel owner.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the consent of the
House to make a statement. On two occasions I
have visited this place within the last two weeks,
and the house about which the gentleman from
Indiana speaks is a house, I judge, built within
the last ten or fifteen years—I think a great many
years since Washington has been gathered to his
fathers. On the premises surrounding if are sev-
eral acres of fine high land admirably adapted to
the purposes of a hospital. Besides the house
there are several out-buildings, in good condition,
and we were told on the last occasion we visited
it, by persons connected with the service, that it
would aifoid ample accommodations with those
out-housos for one hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred sick and wounded men. These men are now
in indifferent tents on the .field, and poorly accom-
modated. The spring, about which something
has been said, is in the inclosure guarded by sol-
diers, and to the knowledge of certain gentlemen
about me no access can be had to it by soldiers or
citizens without a pass from the commander of the
post.
1 do not believe if Washington were alive he
would object to these premises, from auy senti-
mentality, being occupied by sick and wounded
