756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
myself this far: that if any loyal man came here
with a return of half a dozen votes cast by loyal
men in a rebellious district, where it was impos-
sible that the other loyal men should have an op-
portunity of voting, 1 would vote to give him his
seat in this House. I do not feel disposed to go
behind that now, and therefore,although I feel that
I must beg pardon of the Committee of Elections
for separating from them in this case, I shall feel
compelled conscientiously to vote against their
report.
Mr. DAWES. I no w venture to move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr, DAWES. Mr. Speaker, my friend from
Pennsylvania, who has just taken his seat, will
pardon mefor suggesting to him that he made haste
to leap before he reached the stile, and announced
his conversion in such season as to leave no hope
on my part that any arguments I may be able to
present will change his views.
I believe, sir, that every gentleman who desired
to say anything upon this case has had an oppor-
tunity of doing so. I have felt the importance of
the case to be, perhaps, more than I supposed yes-
teiday it would be in the power of the Committee
of Elections, or of any one, to impress upon the
House. Not, sir, because itmvolves the represent-
ation of a single district upon this floor, but be-
cause 1 have felt that it involves the representa-
tion of many districts upon this floor, and involves,
perhaps, to some extent, a change m the nature and
fundamental character of the House itself. .1 am
gratified to fuel, from the debate which has taken
place, that the House is fully awake to the import-
ance of the principle involved; and I have to re-
gret, sir, that it lias fallen to my lot, as the mouth-
piece of the committee, to say what little is to be
said in support of the conclusion of the commit-
tee, and to say it at the close of so long a debate
as this, and after the House has necessarily be-
come weary and tired of the case. I hope, how-
ever, that, as a matter of duty, if nothing more, the
House will be patient with me, and as far as they
can, give me their attention while, as well as 1 can,
I give such reasons as controlled the committee,
and as still control me in tiio vote I shall be
obliged to give upon this question.
_ As no one has spoken representing the conclu-
sions of the committee, and as all the debate has
been in behalf of the memorialist, it necessarily
will be that whatever I shall say will be confined
merely to a reply to such considerations as have
been offered in his behalf. I hope to confine my-
self as closely as possible to these considerations;
and ii the House he not too much wearied 1 hope
it will i,rire me time enough to go through with
them all.
A few of them.Mtanding at the threshold of the
case, have been offered just at the heel of the de-
bate. Without regard to the order m which they
have been presented, I feel bound to consider one
or two offered in this case just at the close of the
debate. The first was that offered by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaiui,] that the
House was bound to admit this man to his seat
because he comes herewith the certificate of the
Gfovernur of Virginia, under the broad seal of the
State. That same consideration was also urged
by the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky,
(Mr. Crittenden.] Now, I am afraid, Mr.
Speaker, from what I have heard from the
speakers on behalf of the claimant, that members
of the House do not understand the facts of tins
case. Hovv can my friend from Tennessee or
the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky say
that we were bound to admit this man to a seat
because he came here with the certificate of the
Governor under the broad seal of the State, when
he came here with no such thing? 1 hold in my
hand everything which he brought here when he
asked to be admitted to a seat in this House, and
when, instead ot admitting him as we did those
who came here with a certificate under the broad
seal ot tne Governor, the House referred his case
to the Committee of Elections, with instructions
to inquire into the merits of Ins election. It is all
contained m Miscellaneous Document No. 5. ;
Mr.SEGAR. Willthegemlemanallowme !
Mr. DA WES. I think I must be permitted to I
proceed without interruption. The memorialist i
must listen with such patience as be possesses j
till I get through. I
Mr. SEGAR. It is an important matter to have
explained.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I will have the floor, if
you please. I was about to say, in all kindness
to the memorialist, that if he will possess his sou!
in patience till I get through, and ifl omit to state
anything which he desires to have me state, I will
give him an opportunity to call my attention to it.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that the only paper which
this gentleman presented here, on the strength of
which he asked to be sworn in and to take his seat,
and on the strength of which the House referred
the case to the Committee of Elections, was sim-
ply the paper which I hold in my hand. It is a
certificate in these words:
I certify that the nbo\e is a concct register of the votes
polled at Hampton, Virginia, tlu« 24th day of October, 1861.
ALEX. WORRALL, Clerk.
We, the undersigned, freeholders of Elizabeth City
county, State ot Viignna, do hereby certify that the above
election was conducted agreeably to the call of F. II. Pier-
pont, Governor of the State of Vnginia, by pioclamation
issued the 13th day of October, A. 1).
TIIOMAS DOBBINS.
T. S. TENNIS.
I hereby certify that the above Thomas Dobbins and
Theodore S. Tennis were duly sworn by me as judges of
election held at Hampton. Elizabeth City county, State of
Virginia, this 24th day of October, 1831.
CAPTAIN N. M. BURLEIGH,
Provost Marshal ot Camp Hamilton.
Witness:
William Bartlctt, Teller.
The two men who hold the election at Hamp-
ton, the place of lesidence of the memorialist,
where he keeps a hotel, jind where there were
gathered together twenty-five votes for him in a
box, ccitifyto the fact that twenty-five votes were
cast for him then and there. lie took that cer-
tificate, brought it here, and asked to be sworn in.
The House, in its wisdom, referred him and the
certificate to the Committee of Elections, to in-
quire into the merits of that election. The com-
mittee proceeded to discharge that duty. The
claimant submitted to the committee the evidence
on which he claimed his seat. He subsequently-
obtained from these men a codicil to their cer-
tificate. That codicil I will read to the House.
"And we do fuulier certify that there was no poll opened
at any other precinct m >aid countv, and that so far as we
can learn and confidently believe, thoie was no poll opened
or election held toi member of Congress m any other county
or city or town of taid first congressional district, owing to
the fact that all the other counties and clcetor precincts of
said congressional district were, on the Clth day of October
last, within the lines, and undci the influence and control
of the acceding and rebel States ; and we d.o fuither certify
that at the election held in pursuance of the pioclamation
aforesaid, at Hampton, on this 2-lth day of October, 1H61,
in the s-aid county of Elizabeth City, which is one of the
counties composing the first congic&sional district of the
State of Vngmia, Joseph Sogar, Esq., having received ail
the votes polled, was duly elected to repiosent the said first
dKniot in tile Congress of the United States.
" Civcn under oui hands and deals this 29th day of Octo-
bui, l£Gl.
"ALEXANDER WORRALL. ("seal.)
'♦THOMAS DOBBINS. [stal.]
UT. vS. TENiVJiS. [seal.]"
Having procured this certificate and this decla-
ration on the part of these throe men that he had
been ejected, Mr. Sogar fakes it to the Governor
after he had had a hearing before the committee.
The Governor, on the strength of it, issued a pa-
per, which is by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynaiud] and by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] pronounced conclusive
on this House.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not hold that it
was conclusive, but that there should be reasons
shown why it should not be held as conclusive.
Mr. DAWES. With all due respect to my
friend from Kentucky, I ask what are we doing
now, if not seeing whether theie is any reason
why this certificate should not prevail? I trust
that my friend does not apprehend that 1 would
treat the Governor of Virginia with anything but
respect, or would not give all due weight to his
ceUificate, But I propose now to look behind that
certificate. The Governor of Virginia has relieved
me of all trouble, for he has recited that on which
he bases his certificate. The claimant in this case
has gone further, and has laid before the Commit-
tee of Elections the entire evidence on which the
certificate is based. I propose now, as briefly as
possible, to follow it fiom the beginning to the
end. I am sorry that my friend from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. McKnigiit] is not now in his seat, for
he would see who it is that sticks in the bark, and
who it is that goes down to the pith of the mat-
ter. He would see whether this man has really
any support whatever in the loyal voters of the
district.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to the fact that my
colleague is now in his seat. *
Mr. McKNIGHT. With the permission of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, I report my-
self direct to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I am always glad to see my
friend from Pennsylvania. I have served with
him on this very committee in the last Congress,
and thought then that he paid some attention to
one or two things—namely, whether a man had
the law or had the votes on his side. If myfriend
had not made up his mind quite so quickly, I
should have had hopes even now of being able to
show him that, in neither respect, was the me-
morialist entitled; that he had neither the form of
law, nor even the half of the electoral votes on
his side.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me one moment?
Mr. DAWES. I would, with great pleasure,
if the House would extend my time. Otherwise
I shall be obliged to decline.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I only desire to inform the
'gentleman that I am still open to conviction.
Mr. DAWES. " Open to conviction!" aftes
the speech which the gentleman has made?
AMember. Givehimup,DAWEs! [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I really do give him up. The
memorialist was pleased, Mr. Speaker, to com-
mence his remarks with a complaint against the
committee. It is not the first complaint of pre-
cisely the same character that has been laid at the
door of the committee. He says that the commit-
tee did not give him an opportunity to be heard
on points on which the report was made, and that,
if he had only been permitted to present his points,
as he desired, he flattered himself that he should
have convinced even the committee. He com-
plains that this committee, appointed by the
House, and charged with the solemn duty of
hearing him, have closed their doors against him,
and have not permitted him to be heard upon the
merits of his case to his heart's content.
Mr. SEGAR. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to correct him. I said no such thing. 1 dis-
tinctly and unequivocally exonerated the com-
mittee from all intention to do me wrong, or to
treat me with unfairness. I said, however, that
I thought, when the new questions were brought
up upon which the report of the committee was
predicated, I ought to have had notice and an op-
portunity of being heard in reference to them; but
I repeat, I expressly acquitted the committee and
every member of it from any intention to treat me
unfairly or do tnc injustice.
Mr. DAWES. Whatever injustice the com-
mittee may have done the gentleman then, accord-
ing to his last remark, was a stupid blunder, and
not the result of intention on their pait. I accept
the gentleman's correction to that extent, and pro-
ceed with what I have to say.
Mi. Speaker, if the Committee of Elections,
either from intention or from a stupid blunder,
have not permitted this gentleman to bo heard to
his heart's content they are not fit far the duty to
which they have been assigned. The committee
had laid on their table yesterday morning, before
this debate commenced, the announcement in the
public press of a Sunday correspondent that—
(i To-monow Colonel Segar will addles the House
touching his right to a seat, the Committee ot Elections not
having affoided luin that puvilege precedent to their final
action."
Mr. SEGAR. I am not responsible for that
statement.
Mr. DAWES. I can only say that that inform-
ation came to the correspondent either from the
committee or from the memorialist, for they only
knew the facts. And I have to say further, that
the committee would not have communicated it
to the correspondent, for they knew it to be false.
The Committee of Elections, sir, is composed
of nine members. Of these members, I am at
liberty to say of eight that this reproach docs not
lie at their door. It is composed of men of all
political associations and affinities, yet they .have*
m the main gone into that committee-room more
than any other men it has been my lot to meetm the
course of my service as a member of this House,
