1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
him to produce me a word uttered by the Saviour
of mankind in His mission upon earth, or by any
of His apostles, where He condemned slavery as
a crime or a sin by name. On the contrary, He
taught the mutual duties of master and slave—
humane treatment on the part of the master, and
p obedicncc on the part of the slave.
Why, sir, after the Norman conqueror won the
bottle of Hastings, and struck down common-law
liberty in England, what became of the Saxon
race? Many of them had brass collars put around
their necks, with their masters' names written
upon them. In the Roman empire the master
had not only the power to sell his slave, but to
take his life withoutcommitting any crime or sub-
jecting himself to any punishment. That was the
condition of the polity of Rome for a considerable
number of years.
Mr. HALE. The Senator has appealed to me
for an answer to a question which he put. I do
not pretend to be deeply versed in Scripture, but
I have a text in my mind that I think hits his case.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us have it.
Mr. HALE. It is this: i( And the times of this
ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth
all men everywhere to repent."
Mr. DAVIS. I hope thatforall the sins against
the Constitution and the peace of the country that
have been heaping upon the honorable Senator's
head for twenty years, the work of repcntance in
sackcloth and ashes with him will soon commence
and produce its fruits; but I believe he is rather a
hardened sinner, and I am afraid his case is hope-
less. [Laughter.]
Well now, Mr. President, what do these liberal
gentlemen propose to do, and how do they talk in
relation to slavery and the negroes after they shall
have been emancipated? An honorable Senator
fiom Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] proposed that
the free States should take all the slaves that they
propose to free, and immediately the whole luvc
was in a buzz, and every man rose up in indig-
nant protest against any such atrocious measure.
The Senator from New Hampshire, in a speech
which he made touching the subject some days
ago, probably on the District bill—I do not recol-
lect the precise question before the Senate at the
time—indulged himself m the expiession of vehe-
ment indignation because of some remarks that I
had made. I had said, and I say now, that the
slaves of the southern States can never be free in
their present numbers without producing one of
four consequences. One is, that the people of
those States would immediately enslave the ne-
groes again by their laws; and if any such meas-
ure as this were attempted in my own State, al-
though I am opposed to slavery, and, in the
immortal language of the great statesman of Ash-
land, no power on earth should ever induce me to
carry slavery into any country where it does not
exist, yet believing that siaveiy would thus bo
destroyed in my native State by the usurpation
of an unconstitutional power, 1 would seek to
obviate and neutralize the act by every means and
force that I could command. If that consequence
did not follow, the slaves would be driven into
the free States, or into the country south of the
slave States; or if that consequence did not fol-
low, there would be a cruel, exterminating, and
savage war between the two races, that would
result in the total destruction of the inferior race.
And if that did not follow, the nifet jor nice would
ubfaui the mastery, and thev would dim; the
white population from the country, or the white
population would abandon it. 1 was rebuked
stetnlybyan honorable Senator fi om Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] because_I took these posi-
tions, and he charged me with making threats.
I did not intend them as threats. I intended to
state them as tru.ths. 1 spoke of a subject of which
I have knowledge, because I have lived in its
pr<^ence all mv lifetime,and know all its relations
and bearings. If I were to piesuine ro underst tnd
the subjects of commeieu, of manufactures, of the
art of war and military affairs in general, of navi-
gation, and of the fisheuos, as the honorable Sen-
atoi from Massachusetts and manv other gentle-
men here do, and wcio to assume that I had as
much knowledge upon thost subjects. and as much
pouer end capacity to advise in ielation to them
as they have, 1 should regai d it as gt cat a* rugancf
on my part. But, sir, I am now speaking of a
subject familiar to me, which 1 have been iearn-
in<r from my earliest childhood to the present day.
which I have seen in all its phases and in all its
relations. If men here who claim to be philan-
thropists and patriots would have the good sense
to take counsel and advice, not of me, but of wise
and moderate and safe men from the border slave
States, in relation to this subject, in all its bear-
ings, in my judgment they would act more wisely
than they do. The gcneial course of this Senate
upon all other subjects I greatly approve. The
general course of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, whose acquaintance it lias been my
good fortune to have had for many yeats, with
the deepest and sincerest personal regard and
friendship for him, I Approve upon every other
subject in the main at the present session. So of
the Senators from Massachusetts.
The author of the bill assumes, Mr. President,
and truly, that the subject of slavery is the great
apple of discord among the American States and
people. It gave more trouble to the wise, patri-
otic, and good men who framed our Constitution
than any and all other subjects; but how then was
itadjusted, treated and settled? In aspirit of con-
cession and compromise. In no other spirit could
the Constitution ever have been adopted or rati-
fied. If the Constitution is to be preserved and
perpetuated, Congress and the dominant party
must again return to that spirit of concession and
compromise which animated and inspired our
fathers when they gave this immortal system of
government not only to our country, but to the
human race.
We understand from all the Senators here, from
the unanimous vote by which the proposition of
the Senator from Delaware, to which I have le-
ferred, was rejected, from the declarations of vari-
ous Senators from the free States, from the pro-
visions being introduced into the constitutions and
Haws of the free States for the utter occlusion of
negioes from those States, that no free State is
willing to have a large number of lesident ftee
negroes within its boundaues. If I am allowed
to say it, I will say that I know that the fiee ne-
gro population in the Stale of Kentucky is by fai
the worst population wo have. But gentlemen
are not allowed to state positions hei e cmbod vmg
their own knowledge of slavery; they are not al-
lowed to get up and contend for their legal and
constitutional nght to their slaves. There is a
spirit of denunciation and biowbeating on this
subject in the Senate which I have never seen
equaled since I used to witness the ravings of W se
in the House "bf Representatives. I do not de-
nounce or condemn Massachusetts for her fiee in-
stitutions. It is a matter that belongs to her. No
slave State that I have any knowledge of has ever
meddled or interfiled with the domestic institu-
tions of the fiee States. It was not their province
to do so. It would have been mischievous and
unfiaternal intermeddim-r to have done so. They
were entitled to the same lules of reciprocity and
justice fiom the fiee States. If those rules of for-
bearance, of brotherhood, of leciprocity and jus-
tice had been scrupulously practiced by the people
of the fiee States towaids the slave States, the
present great and overwhelming calamity never,
never, in my judgment, would have come upon
the country. 1 believe that that is the true origin
of it. But, sir, I will now present a few facts to
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
which i have in a table befoio me. The States (
that press the abiogation of slavery and a disre- ;
gaid of the intmests of the tehuehoidei most in
the Senate arc the States of Massachusetts and
New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear that.
Mr. DAVIS, i say that the most \ i orn\is and
relentless attack upon siaveiy and the constitu-
tional rights of slaveholders in the Senate of the
United States, that eomesfiom any quarter com^s
from the States of Massachusetts and New Ilamp-
shne. A few days ngo when, in speaking of the
number of free radioes in Mai ylaiul, the eloquent
Sena tin from that Sm to, w ho lias a stoppage m Ins
speech, but whose ldra'j flow along in unbroken
map sty and truth, was giving utterance to his teel-
|l iiioand opinion^ on this subject, the honorable
! Seeatoi fi-ti:'i Nuv Hanipshu e yot u p And eluded
'' the neople of ? Inivlurd for having manumitted
! their slaves, am1 thereby living <o many free ne-
! groes among them. [Mi. Halv.. Oh, no,] lie
! asked, " was it not their art:".mil lie s.iiJ, "yes
| it was then act." If he (I:d not condemn tbatact,
!' why did ha1 eh'de them for it? if the a<-t is in opei,
humane, benevolent, wise, and statesmanlike to
emancipate all the slaves, and their emancipa-
tion becomes a local burden upon the States where
they now reside and where they would be eman-
cipated, why are you not willing, all of you, to
take your share of that burden ? Now, for a few
moments,letusseehow that would operate. I will
begin with the State of California. California has
a good many fiee negroes. I suppose the most of
them were taken there as slaves before her consii-N
tution was made; and when California adopted a
constitution excluding slavery, I became perfectly
satisfied that there never would or could possibly
be another slave State on this side of the cotton
region, and I did not lament the conviction to
which my mind had come.
In this connection I will say that all this fuss
and disturbance about excluding slavery from the
Territories of the United States, or permitting the
immigration and settlement of slaveholders into
those Territories, has been, in my opinion, the
most idle, foolish, and mischievous dispute, short
of that which now agitates Congress, that ever
did distuib any people. As a pio-slavery man,
I would not have given a copper for all the pro-
tection which the legislation of Congress or of
Territorial Councils or Legislatures could have
afforded to slavery or to slaveholders in the Terri-
tories. Those laws would have been brutum ful-
men; they would have fallen without the least oper-
ation; they had been negatived and vetoed by a
higher law, the law coming from the eternal judg-
ment seat that established the climate, soil, and
productions of the country. The last Congress
might have passed any laws they pleased to ad-
mit slavery into Nebraska or Kansas or any of
the Territories we now have, and such a law
would not have been of the least practical conse-
quence, because it could have produced no result
whatever.
Is not thatproved by the condition of New Mex-
ico? Her Ten itorial Legislature adopted a slave
code and laws for the protection of slavery stronger
and nioio stungent than those that prevail in my
own State; and yet by the authoiity of the able
representative we now have at the Court of St.
James, in a speech dehvered in the House of Rep-
i esentatives, when he was a member of that body,
theie weie only twenty-five slaves in the whole
Territory, and fifteen of them, ifl recollect aright,
be longed to officers of the Army who had tempo-
rauly"taken than there. At the close of the last
Congiess there was not a foot of the public terri-
tory of the United States but what was open to the
emigration and settlement of slaveholders; and
who ever heard of a slaveholder taking his slaves
to any of these Territories? If any were so foolish,
they took them there, having any sensible purpose,
with a view to have their present services, but at no
remote time their certain emancipation. Property
does not seek hazards except upon the seas. 1 once
heaid of a Dutch merchant who—when Holland
was the greatest maritime Power upon'the earth,
when her sails whitened every sea, and she had
possession of a great many distant colonies away
in Eastern Asia, and her crowding commerce
was drawing by their argosies returns from all the
ports of thc°world—an enterprising Holland ship-
per—said that he would sail in the pursuit of his
commerce even through hell itself, at the risk of
scorching his sails. Rut m relation to slave prop-
el iy slaveholder are distrustful, they are timid,
they nevet will take them to local positions where
their ru>"ht to their slaves is liable to be attacked.
Thvy never did, and never will. I myself never
wanted another slave State shoitot the; cotton re-
gion. I do not now. Kor you men of Congress
and of the nation who assumed the position that
you would piotect the slave States and slave own-
ers in their constitutional r'ghts, but that you
would give them no more factliuesand would never
consent to the admission of another ski\e Slate
into the Union, I have no woid of condemnation.
If you will just act upon that policy now, having
achieved emancipation m this District, the coun-
try, the mass oftne reasonable and intelligent men
of the South, wo: Id become satisfied to accept YuUl'
compromise upon such, a platform.
But I will proceed with my L tble. Caliiornia has
,'kb'lG fiee nc^ro's, How many would she luue
to take if all liie w^roes wei\ hbeiated and if they
weie then distiibuted equally among the Stands?
llei i alio would he 56,003. "She is not prepan d,
1 iec Icon, for sea h an impoi tation of fiee negroes.
