1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th CONI*....2d Sess.
259
Confiscatio?z of Held Properly—Mr, WicUiffe,
Ho. of Reps.
knife. Our young men wilt go, we expect them'
to go, but let them go laden with the spoils of the
school-house and college—a capital worth more
than gold—and then they will prove of priceless
value to our common country wherever ultimately
located—proudly and forever wearing the name
of an American citizen.
ft is of the highest moment that at this time we
make no blunder in the guidance of the industry
of the country when ail its resources must be taxed
more severely than ever in all our previous his-
tory. While we are compelled to place most un-
usual burdens upon the people—none of whom
can escape—let us pass one act they will all hail
with delight. If they are made to carry weight, let
them have some chance to increase their strength.
The people are called upon unceasingly to do
somethingfor their Government, and they do not
fail to respond because it is their Government, but
it would not chill their patriotism if the Govern-
ment should for once do something for them.
Undoubtedly agricultural chairs or professor-
ships should be founded in all our colleges and
universities. Everyman owns or expects to own
land at some period of his life, and it could cer-
tainly do him no harm to be taught how to man-
age landed property. If made a part of the regular
course of studies, an opportunity would be given
to acquire information tnat might in the changing
circumstances of the world prove of the highest
value in practical life. But these professorships,
as important as they are admitted to be, would not
satisfy the whole demand. The present institu-
tions are hardly more than equal to the task of
supplying the learned professions, so called, with
their annual reinforcements, while others are
wanted where the idea of labor shall be uppermost,
and where the esprit dw corps of those instructed
will seek highest honor in no other direction.
It is true, nearly all the more modern sciences
are, more or less, related to agriculture or the
mechanic arts, and they are liberally recognized
by professorships in most of our institutions of
learning; but, as generally taught, there is little
special application to agriculture or the arts. It
is too far removed from any expectation of prac-
tical use, and, as with some merely ornamental
branches, only so much of technical knowledge
is given as it might be unpardonable for a gentle-
man to be without.
The prejudice against educated farmers arises
from the fact that, while those usually styled such
may be truly educated in some sense, they have
no real agricultural education, and are no more
fitted for their duties in that sphere than the
areonaut is fitted for a railroad engineer. When
we have a race of educated farmers—men who
have parted with theirconceit for absolute knowl-
edge—practically illustrating their education by
their works, they will not turn out sailors on
horseback, as it may be admitted some of the so-
called book farmers have done. Merely practical
men have looked at science as though it were a
goddess in the clouds, to be worshiped only by
fanatics and afar off, when it is really a handmaid,
beautiful, and busy everywhere at saving labor
and capital.
Men who are not farmers often by choice or
chance have estates come into their charge, and
then find themselves entirely unequipped—having
had little theory and no practice—to manage them
successfully. Such estates must be disposed of
for the most any neighbor chooses to give, or the
owner will have an outlay and not an incomc
while it remains in such hands. This mortifica-
tion could not happen if only general ideas of
farming economy were more widely taught. That
man only is independent who feels able to sup-
port himself and family by the plow whenever
other avocations are closed; and he may feel sure
his taste has become vitiated if he indulges the
idea that other avocations are more fruitful of
health, honors, or happiness, than that of the
genuine American farmer. The business of agri-
culture is sometimes thought to be uninviting by
those in other walks of life, and they shun any
investigations of the great truths which underlie
and surround it, as much as they would shun in-
struction in the craft of a tinker, lest they should
some day be called upon to mend their neighbor's
pot.
The experience of other nations in war, in arts,
and in the sciences, is unhesitatingly resorted to,
and all progress therein is appropriated as com-
mon property of the world; but in legislation,
philosophy, and education, reform based upon
the most valid tests of foreign examples is treated
with the coldest hospitality. It is not a sufficient
reason because agricultural and military educa-
tion has been extensively ingrafted upon the sys-
tems of other nations that the same policy should
be transplanted here; but confuting the stupid idea
that success is impossible, it is a reason why we
should earnestly investigate the subject, and, if
our necessities show that vvc stand in as much or
more need than those who have successfully led
the way, it is a strong argument why the policy
should be adopted.
Popular common school education has been
slowly combating the prejudices of the world for
generations. Starting rrom the*Sunday afternoon
catechism in Protestant Europe and America, it
required two centuries to arrive at its present con-
dition. At this moment the cause is receding in
Prussia, but gaining in England and elsewhere.
We mock the timid pace with which other nations
adopt our plan of universal education, but forget
what laggards we are in an adjoining field where
they appear so much in the advance. Whoever
is at the lowest round of the ladder manifests the
least inclination to rise, and those highest up have
the most ambition for still greater achievements.
Among the motives which should stimulate us is
the desire to improve man himself, and added to
this we have all that moves our great European
competitors, namely, the increase of wealth and
power. Manufactures take no step until agricul-
ture produces a surplus beyond what is required
for its own consumption, and from this surplus
arises raw material and cheap bread, which make
the arts and manufactures flourish. From these
results commerce. Trade derives all its support
from the basis furnished by agriculture and man-
ufactures. Then follows the necessity of military
and naval protection. In a free Government we
have proved—notwithstanding some, " in time of
temptation, fall away','—that patriotism is spon-
taneous; but doubtless many valuable lives would
have been saved in the progress of this plague-
spotted rebellion had we not so long assumed that
military discipline was also spontaneous. If ever
again our legions are summoned to the field, let us
show we are not wholly unprepared. These col-
leges, founded in every State, will elevate the
character of farmers and mechanics, increase the
prosperity of agriculture, manufactures, and com-
merce, and may to some extent guard against the
sheer ignorance of all military art which shrouded
the country, and especially the North,at the time
when the tocsin of war sounded at Fort Sumter.
This latter view becomes more important from
the suggestive discovery that in any grave contro-
versy the old Governments of the woild are not
our friends. Otfr obituary is the only service for
which they manifest any alacrity. They would
see us humbled. Clearly our growth is an eye-
sore to aristocracy. In peace they would buy and
sell with us, but in war they would sell us and
buy our enemies. Commercially they find us,
when docile, at least useful; but politically they
would shun us as a pestilence that walketh at
noonday. We can only be secure at home and
abroad by being ready at all times to " ask noth-
ing but what is clearly right, and submit to noth-
ing wrong," and with Jacksonian nerve accept
any responsibility of our position. The true way
to nurse patriotism, after having institutions i*eally
worth a struggle, is to inspire our people with
confidence, by giving them proper training, that
they are equal to their mission and that failure is
impossjble.
Some may argue that the institutions proposed
will turn out unsuccessfully. It may be that they
will, but the object more than compensates the
risk. If putinto incompetent and unworthy hands,
they will of course fail, and so would free govern-
ment itself. But this would impute an imbecility
upon the Legislatures of the several States they
have not deserved. Let us not believe they will
prove inert, helpless, or wanting in capacity to
develop so palpable a boon. I have faith in the
sagacity of the people to profit by the experience
of the world, and that they will mold these insti-
tutions in a form, and place them in charge of such
men, as will secure permanent usefulness and en-
during honor to the whole country.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. C. A. WICKLIFFE,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves ol
rebels—
Mr. WICKLIFFE said:
Mr. Speaker: The debate upon these two bills
in this House is about closed, and we shall soon
be called to vote. Upon the issue of that vote de-
pends the fate of this Union, its future existence
under that Constitution which is its bond—a Con-
stitution made by our fathers "to form a more
perfect union, to establish justice, and insure do-
mestic tranquillity." It is this charter under and
by which alone we are assembled, and from which
alone we derive the power of legislation for a free
people. No powers not delegated in that instru-
ment have we a right to assume or exorcise.
When we assembled'in this Hall we took an oath
and appealed to God that we would support this
Constitution. Let us in this time of excitement
of feeling, justly excited, I own, by the wrongs in-
flicted by those who were once if they are not now
our fellow-citizens of the South, keep and observe
that oath. They have violated the Constitution,
and without just cause undertaken to defy the au-
thority of the Government of the United States.
They are in open rebellion, and have made war
upon the Government of the United States, with
the design and intention of overthrowing and de-
stroying it, and have established for themselves a
government which they have been pleased to call
the confederate States. Theyimve by armed foice
seized the forts, the navy-yards, the arms, arse-
nals, ships, money, which were the property and
the right of the whole people m their united rela-
tions as a Government for the protection and benefit
of the whole Union. They made open and flagrant
war against the best Government ever formed by
man. These facts need no aid of eloquence to
paint the wrong or the turpitude of the originators
of the conspiracy. All who are engaged in rebel-
lion, in making war upon the United States, are
guilty of treason, and subject to the penalties im-
posed by the Constitution and the laws of the
united States then and now in force. Let us see
what that crime is, and what the punishment de-
clared by the Constitution and the laws of Con-
gress:
"Treason against the United States shall consist only in
levying war against tliem, or m adhering to tiieir enemies,
giving lliem aid and comlort. No person p-haH be convicted
of trea-on, unless on the testimony o( two witnesses to the
same oveit act, or on confession m open court.
The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of treason; but no attainder of treason shall work
emiuption of blood, or forfeituie, except during the life of
the person attainted."
Congress, in 1790, (vol. I, Statutes at Large,
112,) by law declared that any person who shall
bo adjudged guilty of tieason against the United
States shall suffer death. In the same act it is
declared, in section twenty-four, that no convic-
tion or judgment for u the offense of treason shall
work corruption of blood or forfeiture of estate."
The people, jealous of their rights, proposed, and
they were adopted, several articles, called amend-
ments to the Constitution; among these were the
following:
"Art. 5. No person shall be held to answer for a cap-
ital or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment
ot indictment of a grand jury, except m cases arising in
the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual
service m time ot war and public danger; nor s hall any
person be subject, for the same offense, to be twice put in
jeopardy of lite or limb; nor shall be compelled In any
criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor to be de-
prived of lite, liberty, or property, without due piocess of
law ; nor shall private property be taken foi public use with-
out just compensation.
" Art. 6. in all criminal prosecution* the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public ttial, by an impartial
jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have
been committed, which district shall have been previously
