758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
his seat, until the Committee of Elections, with all
respect to the certificate of the Governor of Ore-
gon, ventured to look behind it, and found that,
notwithstanding that certificate,with the broad seal
upon it, a man had been elected according to the
laws of Oregon and their constitution, too, on the
June previous to this November election. That
is what is attempted to be crammed down my
throat. And 1 say in this very report, that had
the time for this election been fixed in the organic
act, recognized by the Legislature, it might still
be construed and considered as an act of the legis-
lative power, of the State; and I say, with as much
respect as any man has to the judiciary of Mas-
sachusetts, that it is so.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. Excuse me.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think the gentleman will
hardly refuse me. I wanted to say something
upon this case, but lie called the previous question.
I merely wish to suggest that the Legislature of
Virginia adjourned on the 24th of July, and that
the convention, in session on the 30th of August,
passed an ordinance directing this election to be
held. These, I believe, are the facts.
Mr DAWES. I have no doubt that it is a
fact, for it has been stated half a dozen times
on this floor already.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have not heard it.
Mr. DAWES. It is not my fault that the gen-
tleman has not heard it. It is punted in the re-
port of the committee, and has been repeated here
by every gentleman who lias spoken upon both
sides of this ease, and has been repeated by my-
self.
Mr. WRIGHT* It may have been repeated,
but 
Mt. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will take
a refusal kindly from me; and I ask him to listen
to what 1 am going to say.
Mf. WRIGHT. I do not want to interfere
with the gentleman in any way whatever.
Mr. DAWES. Having submitted the views
of the committee upon the power of the conven-
tion, of the assumption by the convention of legis-
lative power, concurrent with and cotemporaneous
with that Legislature of the State of Virginia,
while there existed upon the statute-book of Vir-
ginia the rules and method of filling this vacancy,
and having submitted the views of the committee
why they aupposed it was a vacancy, I ask the
attention of the House now to see what was done
in pursuance of this statute; for they take pains
after all, after this ordinance which they passed,
to surrender themselves to this-book which I hold
in my hand, and to prescribe that this election
should be conformable in all respects to this stat-
ute-book. Thercfoie it is that we aie compelled
to look into this book to sec whether they have
conformed to it. Sir, they not only undertook to
prescribe in that ordinance the time, place, and
manner of holding these elections, but they also
undertook to prescribe the qualification of voters,
in the very face of the Constitution of the United
States; and the ordinance itself, if it had been fixed
by the Legislature, would have been in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States, for it
prescribes one rule of qualification for voters for
members of Congress, while there is another i ule
of qualification of voters for the lower llou.sc of
the Virginia Legislative, a thing which the Con-
stitution says shall not be.
Now, sir, this code, which the ordinance said
this election shall conform to, requires that the
Governor of Virginia shall, in all elections for
members of Congress to fill a vacancy, issue a writ
of election directed to the sheriff and sergeant of
the several counties and corporations in every con-
gressional district. Did he do that? Not at all
To save himself all that tiouble, he issued agen-
eral proclamation to the loyal voters of the several
districts entreating them to assemble, aa best they
might, and vote when and how they pleased. He
issued no writ to any officer commanding him to
hold an election, as the statute says he shall, and
called upon no officer whose duty it was to hold an
election to hold it.
They have prescribed further that these officers
who shall hold these elections—the sheriffs and
sergeants—when they receive that writ, shall pub-
lish a notice of that election ten days before it is
heldatevery precinct within the distiict. Did they
do that? I submit to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. McKnight] did they do that? My
friend from Ohio asked me yesterday if that was
not merely directory. Why is this requirement
made? Because in the statutes of Virginia there
is no time fixed for special elections. Nobody
knows when a special election is coming off, and
the legislatot s of Virginia felt it necessary to guard
voters in that respect, and to prescribe that they
shall have a notice, and a particular notice, of ten
days beforehand. Everybody can see the reason.
Otherwise nobody would know what was going
on.
Now, if my friend will turn back to the cele-
brated case of Vallandigham vs. Campbell from
his own State, he will find that it is ruled that every
voter in the district was a party to this transac-
tion—so much a party that his confessions in the
country would be taken as evidence touching the
merits of the election. He is a party. Now, with
all due respect—for he is a lawyer—he knows that
when his client proposes to summon his neighbor
into court for a hearing, the law prescribes that
his client shall give that neighbor a certain notice,
and that it shall be so many days beforehand, and
that it shall be by £ particular method and in a
particular form.
Mr. MAYNARD asked a question which was
inaudible to the reporters.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will answer all questions when
I have time. I never use anything in that case
w"hich I think is wrong. I do not say that all the
voters of that districtare parties in any such sense
as that; but I am diawing an analogy, and I take
his client as an illustration. Suppose his client
comes into court with a precept against that neigh-
bor, and calls upon the court to pass judgment.
The court asks lor the notice. He leplies that he
knows the law prescribes ten days' notice m a par-
ticular way, but that he supposed it was merely
directory, and that it did not make much differ-
ence whether he had it or not.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the neighbor appears
and defends, it is a waiver of notice.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman mean to
say that the loyal voters of the first congressional
district of Virginia appeared and defended? Why,
sir, not one of them, outside, knew of this elec-
tion, as is shown by the niemonalist himself.
You do nut lender judgment against a man in the
State's prison. He cannot appear in court until
you get out a habeas corpus and bring him from
prison, so that he can be heard. Just rescue these
voters from the coils and meshes of tins rebellion,
and put them on their feet, and let them stand up
freemen disint hralled, and then if tlioy do not care
to go to the polls when they know there is an
election to be held, and are willing a man shall be
elected by twenty-five voters, they may be held
as coiibentini!,; but to stop a man's mouth and then
complain that he does not talk, to fetter him and
then insist upon Iub running, to chain him down
and then tell him to hold up his arms like a free
man, is a mockery, and unbecoming us as sensi-
ble men here.
Sir, is* not this question the question that was
wrapped up in the Lecompton constitution? Are
not we in this small way and in this district fight-
ing over again the battle over the Lecompton con-
stitution? Was it not the wai cry against those
who got up that measure, which was the begin-
ning of all those evil a out of which this great curse
has come upon us, that they sought to fasten upon
a people a constitution which only a few men
hud voted for, while a ma jority of more than ten
thousand were hound hand and foot, so that they
could not vote at all? That was the issue raised
and that was the issue decided in the Lecompton
case, and U is reproduced here to-day.
Now, sir, 1 have shown that here was no writ
ofelection. I have shown that this isnotameie
formality, but a substance-, that there was no no-
tice, and that the whole district was in the armed
occupation of the rebels, so that the people could
not have known of this election at all, and could
not have expressed an opinion; and the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Brown] has to-day borne
testimony that there were fifteen hundred voteis
all that time ready and panting 
Mr. MALLORY. I am sure my friend from
Massachusetts does not want to do injustice to the
claimant 111 this case. I know his sense of justice
too well. The gentleman from Virginia stated
that there are now that number of people set free
by the occupation by Federal troops of Accomac
and Northampton counties,but that occurred long
since this election.
Mi. DAWES. I have no fault to find with my
friend from Kentucky, except that ho does not let
me get through my sentence before he first wants
to say what 1 was going to say myself. [Laugh-
ter.] The gentleman from Virginia has borne tes-
timony to the fact that there were all this time 
.Mr. MALLORY. All which time? ,
Mr. DAWES. On the 24th day of October,
anno Domini 1861, fifteen hundred voters in these
two counties, waiting for the coming of that morn-
ing when they could cast their votes as freemen
and asloyal men,andthefirstmomentthe shackles
were struck from their hands they did do it. I
ask my friend from Kentucky how he knows that
the whole fifteen hundred, if they had been at lib-
erty on the 24th of October, would not have gone
and cast their votes for somebody else than Joseph
Segar?
Mr. MALLORY. I will state 
Mr. DAWES. Wait a moment. I must de-
cline to yield just now.
Mr. IViALLORY. You asked me a question,
and I thought you desiied an answer.
Mr. DA WES. How can any man in this House
say—acknowledging that there are fifteen hundred
loyal voters in those two counties, the first mo-
ment they have permission to vote manifesting
their desire to participate in lepresentation upon
this floor—how can any man, admitting that, say
that twenty-five men, taking advantage of the fact
that these other voters were thus bound and could
not express their opinions, can elect and send here
the man of their choice? I beg my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McKnight] to listen to this.
Here are fifteen hundred voters who could not
express their opinion at all, who could not know
there was an opportunity for them to do so, and
who, the very first moment they could do so, gave
an expression at the ballot-box of their loyalty,
and yet they find that twenty-five men down here
at Hampton, on the 24th of October, when they
know nothing about it, according to no forms of
law, have got together and signified a wish that
some party of whom, pcihaps, they never heard,
or who, it may be, was as distasteful to them as
possible if they had heaul of him, should come
up and take the scat here which they had as much
right as the twenty-five had to say who should
fill!
Mr. McICNIGHT. Will my friend yield to me
a moment?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; not now.
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 understand him to be put-
ting a suppositious case to me, and I wish to an-
swer.
Mr. DAWES. I am trying to give my friend
a little light, but if he hops up every moment to
interrupt me I cannot do it.. [Laughter.]
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would ask the gentleman
if those fifteen hundred voters protest against this
claimant's right to the seat here, or if any of them
are contesting his right to the scat?
Alt. DAWES. 1 ask the gentleman what is
rather more pertinent to this case, has anyone of
them signified his desire that this man should take
the seat?
Mr. MALLORY. I understand they have.
Mr. DAWES. It may bo so. I only say there
is no evidence of it.
.[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I have yielded to everybody to
put questions to me, and 1 suppose the House will
allow me a few minutes more to conclude what I
have to say.
Mr. LOOMIS. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the gentleman be allowed to go on.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope he will be allowed
to pioceed; he has been very courteous.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, without weaiying
the House, that this is the essential point in the
case; when m#n strip through the bark and go to
the heart of the case, they find that the ioyal
voters in this district have never had an opportu-
nity to express their wishes. Two whole counties,
sincg the 24th day of October hist, have been re-
lieved fiom these shcu Ides, and if this man is will-
ing to submit his claim to this scat to the votcis
of those two counties, he will have if. addition to
