17.80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Connecticut, tlie land of steady habits, among the
noblest of the Old Thirteen, m whose men, m
whose statesmanship, m whose love of country,
in whose valor, in whose performance of all their
duties as men and citizens, with suchexceptions
only as appei tain to all frail men, I have the high-
est confidence, what would be her condition ? She
has now 8,542 free negroes, and she would have
to take 65,733. Illinois now has 7,069. You found
that both the Senators from Illinois were-a little
tender-footed on the subject, and well they might
be, for herportion would be 244,536 free negroes.
Next I come to Indiana; and what would be her
portion ? She has a goodly number now, com-
paratively. She has 10,869, and herportion would
be 192,991, an inciease making nearly 200,000.
The young and growing State of Iowa, that has
become an empire in the Northwest, and, accord-
ing to my information, has more of fertile and
productive and less of refuse land than any State
in the Union, how many of these slaves would she
have to take? She now has 1,023 free negroes.
She would have to take 96,421. Kansas has 623.
She would have to take 15,301. I wish Kansas
had every one of them. [Laughter.] Maine is
pretty strong upon the bit on this slavery ques-
tion. My honored friend, the late Governor of
that State and now Senator, [Mr. Moidull,] is
not in Ins seat. I am sorry that he is not; but in
his presence or absence I never would treat him
with the least disrespect. My feelings are too
strongly and deeply and sincerely of an opposite
character. Maine has 1,195 free negroes. Under
this apportionment, she would have to take 89,753.
Massachusetts has 9,454. She would have to take
175,860. I wish she had her full quota; [laugh-
ter;] and I believe that, instead of sending thrm
all to Kansas, I would send at least half to Mas-
sachuseus, and if the Kansas Senators protested,
I would send the whole of thi'in to Massachusetts.
Michigan, the Slate of my early and honored
friend, [Mr. Howaru,] has now 6,823. She would
have to take 121,301. My friend has a good deal
of aversion to the Indians resident in his Slate; I
have no doubt this is a very reasonable and well-
founded aversion, but it is not half as well or as
deeply founded as our aveision to free negroes in
Kentucky. I wish 1 could excite a little more of
sympathy in his generous bosom on what I may
call our subject, than he at present feels.
Mr. HOWARD. Canada is very near us, and
affords a fine market for " wool."
Mr. DAVIS. And I believe they starve and
freeze to death there in the long winters. I have
received a doleful account of thrm there. I be-
live they form them into regiments, and ship thorn
to the West Indies occasionally. Here is Min-
nesota one of the youngestsisters. She has only
229 free negroes now. She would have to take
24,574. That would be considerable increase.
New Hampshire has 450. She has not her pro
rata of the present free negroes. She would
have to Utke 46,581; and I wish from the bottom
of my heart that she had the whole of them this
day. New Jersey is very liberal, more so than
any of the States except Maryland, in proportion
to population. She has 24,947 now; and she
would have to add to her numbers until they
reached 96,007. Then there is New Yoik, the
Empire Stuiy, whose broadside once used to de-
cide all presidential elections; I believe that the
great West are rath'er dividing that power with
her now. What is her number? She has now
49,005. How many would she have to take?
Upwards of 500,000 more than she has—557,390.
Where are the Senators from New York that we
cannot make a compact with them just to load
that number of free negroes into the Empire
State qghtatonce. Then here is Ohio, the eldest
sister of the Northwest, and the strongest one yet.
She has 36,225; and she is the Botany Kay for
the negroes ft om Kentucky and Tennessee. Every
man there who wants to liberate Ins slaves takes
them to Ohio, buys land there, and settles them
on those lands. The reason is that Illinois and i
Indiana, and the other northwestern States, frown |
upon that policy; but Ohio still opens her bosom !
to the reception of that people, and 1 hope in God i
she wj 11 receive her surfeit before a great while. |
She now has 36,225. She would have to take |
334,304. Oregon has 121. She is so distant they !
will not travel there. They are too indolent to |
travel that far. She would have to take' 7,509. I
Pennsylvaniahns 56,376. A good many of them, 1 1
believe, were made free by the running of the line
between Pennsylvania and Virginia at an early
day, a great many people claiming part of Penn-
sylvania as part of Virginia, and taking slaves
there. She would have to take 423,767. Rhode
Island has 3,918; she would have to take 24,717.
Vermont has 582. 1 do not think, with due re-
spect to the Chair, she has quite her pro rata. She
would have to take only 4^016. Wisconsin has
1,481. She would have to take 112,267.
Well, now, what may be the effect of this bill?
I am not against forfeiture. I want the property
of incorrigible traitors forfeited", and their lives,
too. I want them to pay that expiation to the vio-
lated Constitution and laws of their country for
this wickcd and causclcss rebellion; but I want a
legal and a constitutional and ahumaneforfeiture.
This forfeiture may operate to the disenthralling
of3,500,000 negroes. Itisonly necessary to state
the proposition that it may/strike every map's
mind as true, whether he has practical observation
and experience on the subject or not, that it is ut-
terly impossible, in the cotton States especially,
for the negro population and the white population
to remain and live together, boih being free. As
the honorable Senatoi fiora Illinois [Mr. Brown-
ing] said, it would not only be almost better,but
it would be better altogether, if the two races are
to remain, that the black race should be in a state
of slavery, and that the whites should have the
mastery. Why, Mr. President, that great law of
society, of mankind, that established slavery in
the dawn of history, and that has continued it to
the present time, will continue and perpetuate it
as long as man lives in a state of society. The
present form of slavery may be broken up and
may be abolished; it probably will be; but it will
spring up as a great social necessity in some other
form, e.speciaily m the tropical countries. «
And heve permit me to make a gcneial remark
in relation to tropical countries. As a general
ruie, all labor is involuntary. I never knew a man
m my life, or with very rare exceptions, that
would toil and sweat and labor and fatigue him-
self in doors and out of doors, in the colds of win-
ter and the heats of summer, in storm and in sun-
shine, voluntarily. It may be the result of the
puma! curse of Heaven, "In the sweat of thy
face shalt thou eat bi cad." 11 is the result of his
organization; and in the South that is especially
the law of man, be he the black or the while man;
and why is it so? In the South, many produc-
tions that subsist life are spontaneous. There are
fruits and vegetables upon which the indolent peo-
ple who inhabit the tropics can live without man-
ual labor, and so long as they can do it they will
never go under a tropical, burning, scorching sun,
and encounter the heats of noonday and the dews
of night and morning, and labor in their fields for
the production of tropical products, to any con-
siderable extent. Labor in the tropics, to be
available and greatly remunerative, must, neces-
sarily, be compulsory labor. It will never be of
any other character; it never has been and never
will bo. In the island of Cuba there is more pios-
perity than in the other islands. Why? Because
involuntary slavery of the negio still exists there.
Go to Brazil; H exists in Brazil; and of all the Gov-
ernments and eountues that were peopled and
founded by Portugal or Spain, Biazil, at the
piesent time, is the most flourishing, the most
happy; its labor is most productive.
The great element of national power and of hu-
man progress is labor. If there is anything on
God's earth which, next to Christianity, truth,
and virtue, I admire and revere, it is labor. It is
labor that has brought man from the savage state
to bo, in truth, the image of his MakerJ by his
present civilization in Christian countries. For
the tropics to be productive, they must have labor;
that labor must be involuntary, and it must be the
involuntary labor of the negro race, for two rea-
sons: first, they arc the inferior race; and second,
the climate of the tropics and the labor of the field
in the tropics are more congenial to the negro con-
stitution than they are to the white. They can en-
durea greater amountof it; they can make it more
productive, more remunerative. Those are mere
abstract opinions of mine, and 1 deduce no conclu-
sions from them; but I speak of results necessary
from the organization of man and his existence in
society. Ifm oui country, or any other country,
there are to be slaves, I, fur one, want those slaves
to be of the negro rath* r than the white race. As
to the equality of the races and bringing them up
to our level in this country, it is all a chimera, a
dream. There is Africa, a great part of it populated
by the negro race. It has about eighty millions of
the true negro race; it has five millions of square
miles of territory; it was populated next to Asia
in point of time. In that vast peninsular conti-
nent, with such a myriad of people, that race has
never risen to any considerable degree of civiliza-
tion. Why? Itis because by their natural organi-
zation they are incapable of marching forward and
upward to the point of high civilization. They
never have; they never will/jl want the coloniza-
tion experiment tried; but if Libeiia had not been
upheld, protected, and guided by the mmd, the
eneigy, and the arms of the white men, all the im-
migrants there would have degenerated into bar-
barism and would have mingled with the savage
and pagan hordes who surround them. The Brit-
ish West India Islands now are not so productive,
by from three to five times, as they were in a state
of slavery; but what little efficient industry, and
what little amount of production they now have is
owing to the fact that they are British possessions;
that they leceive what little knowledge and skill in
cultivation they have fiom the mind of the'white
man. If the rule of the white man was expelled
from those islands, in a few short years they
would sink into unproductive barbarism.
Mr. Piesident, 1 do not presume to interpret the
will of God, either as spoken through His re-
vealed Word or by His vast and wonderful works
of creation, upon the subject of slavery. It is far
above my ken. I receive it as the Constitution
received it, and as I believe the Saviour of the world
and His apostles received it, as an existing fact.
It has existed for thirty-seven bundled years.
That is some evidence that it is tolerated by the
omniscient and gracious Ruler of the universe,
who permits not a sparrow to fall without His
notice. It has been built up by man; it has ex-
isted widely over the face of the earth in all the
most civilized countries. It will exist, I will utter
as a prediction—and I am rash for making any
prediction upon the subject—it will exist in some
form or other as long as man lives in a state of
society. But, Mr. President, there are some men
so conceited, so fool-hardy, so audacious and im-
pious, as to claim to penetrate and know the secret
will and purposes of the Great Jehovah in rela-
tion to this subject, and who daringly utter this
profane language,k£ if the God ofheavenand earth
tolerates slavery, He is not my God; iX His re-
vealed word tolerates slavery, if the Bible toler-
ates slavery, it is not my Bible." Sir, could there
be deeper or more execrable impiety; or do these
vain and silly men know all the secret purposes
of the Omniscient? How dare they attempt to pen-
etrate His inscrutable and awful arcana? When
I, in my closet by myself, m the solitude of the
night, in the depths of my humility, seek to ob-
tain the immediate presence of the Great Jehovah,
it is with an amountof reverence and wonderand
awe that overpowers me: and for these daring
and impious men to be seeking impiously to make
themselves the interpreters of His will, outside
of and beyond His revealed word and His great
works of creation, is the greatest amount of wick-
edness and audacity, in my judgment, that can be
exhibited by man.
That meompiehensible Being and Power has
spread abroad into an infinity of space His won-
derful creations. We occupy one of the smallest
planets in our system; there is a planet belonging
to our system that requires about, one hundred
years to perform its revolution—a greater time
than any of those wretches live on the face of the
earth; and yet this is but one of the millions of
systems that are upheld by His omnipotent power
and wisdom, and that are harmoniously execu-
ting their laws, which He enacted, throughout the
enduring years of time. That the gieat B<'ing
who cieated and upholds such vast and incom-
prehensible systems permits andknows of the ex-
istence of the evil wretches that are thus seeking
to interpret His will, in my judgment, is one of
the most satisfactory evidences of the omniscience
and of the omnipresence of the Great Eternal.
That they are not lost in His boundless domin-
ion in their utter insignificance, but that He sees
them to-day and forever, is to me a convincing
evidence of His omniscience and of His omni-
presence; and that he permits such wretches,
after the utterance of such impious sentiments,
