1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
37th Com...2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Wickliffe.
Ho. oe Reps.
pursue it. He is indorsed by the Boston Post
upon this subject. He says:
" The ttue course, in our judgment, is to put down the
lebuKmn bv the plain strong arm, break up and disperse the
revolutionary power, teassett the authority of the Govern-
ment. ami then, when wc are clcaily in a situation to pro-
tret the rebel citizen if*lie letuins to his. allegiance, we may
widely as well as tightfully denounce confiscation against
hint it he contumaciously lefuses to tetuin. In this way
confiscation, pioperly guarded and constitutionally admin-
i*teied,inay piomote the reestabli>htnent of the Union-
hut m no other. In any other way, confiscation can servo
only to gratify the spirit of vengeance, while prolonging and
embittering the strife of brethren."
This man writes and speaks sensibly, if he is an
abolitionist. He has not lost his senses; the bal-
ance wheel of his mind does not work backwards,
nor docs it rush his thoughts on to the advocacy
of such measures us are now before us. I concur
with him when he says that in any other way
confiscation can serve only to gratify the spirit of
vengeance, while prolonging and embittering the
strife of brethren. I thank God there is one abo-
litionist in Massachusetts who has the soul to rec-
ognize the holy influence of that word, " breth-
ren." Brethren, in a national point of view, they
arc, though in arms against us.
I will call to my aid the sound position of one
other public journal, whose well-known antipathy
to slavery has placed its editor in the front rank of
the abolitionists of the present day. He uses this
language:
" This rebellion, which has assumed the propoitions of
a civil war. has brought upon our Government the com-
plicated obligations and icsponsibilities both of quelling an
insuircetion toy legal piocess and of carrying on a yvar ae-
couhng to what the civilized woilu calls the laws of war.
The latter is most imperative and demands the first atten-
tion "
I read these words under the hope they may
command the respect of the members of this
House who belong to the same school as those
editors, though they may not know it; but if know-
ing it, they have not by word admitted it in open
debate. If this war is to be carried on and gov-
erned by the laws of nations, it becomes very im-
portant to know and understand what those laws
now permit, not what they may have m centuries
pan allowed. The advocates of these bills, onr
and all, have each, in their turn, referred us to
the laws of nations to be found in authors whose
opinions hnve been overruled and disavowed by
(ho practice of all civilized nations and by recent
decisions and writers of the present age.
One would suppose fiom the speech of the
chairman who reported these bills that one of the
mam objects he has is to eonveitthis war and the
Ai my into the noble office of collecting the debts
due by the South to his constituents and others
North. He asks his friends f< what docs our
duty demand of us, and what will our people
rightfully expect?" He answers the question by
referring to the bill. In that he has taken care to
provide first for the payment of those debts, which
in the aggregate he states to bo $300,000,000.
True, the bill provides that the creditors must be
loyal men, and they must make their claim good
before the high and soon to be installed " Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer"—the Secietary of the
Treasury—who is to decide upon the justice of
the claim without jury, and who may, for all I
know, have the same test for loyalty that the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] and the
member fiom New York [Mr. Sedgwick] have
avowed ill this House. Under the pretext that the
estates of rebels aie to be seized and sold to pay
or indemnify the United States for the expenses
of the war; the real object and put pose and eflect
of the measure is fitst to pay $300,000,000 of pri-
vate debts due to the North and East. Is there
a sane man m this House who believes that
$300,000,000 will ever be realized by the opera-
tions of this bill?
I dismiss this part of the subject; the device is
too shallow to deceive sensible men. The title of
the bill should be changed; it should read, " a bill
to seize and take the estate, real and personal,
from citizens living in rebellious States by the
strong arm of the military power, to pay the cred-
itois of the Noith, leaving their wives and chil-
dren penniless and to starve."
If what has been said of theconstitutional power
of the House to pass these bills, if what has been
said, particularly by the able, eloquent, and dis-
tinguished jurist from Massachusetts,[Mr. Thom-
as,] has not convinced all who have heard him,
then I can say to them as Abraham said to Dives,
" neither will they be persuaded though one rose
from the dead."
Mr. Speaker, all the authorities, ancient and
modern, which have been read and, referred to in
this debate by the advocates of this bill relate to
the rights of war between alien and independent
nations; none of them refer to the kind of war in
which we are engaged, a war to subdue our own
citizens to obedience to our and their own Con-
stitution and laws. If our Constitution was silent
as to the punishment for rebellion, or otherwise
treason, if it did not limit the power of Congress as
to the extent of punishment and of forfeiture and
confiscation, then,with some plausibility, itmight
be contended that Congi ess could extend the pun-
ishment to the fortune of the rebel or traitor ab-
solutely and forever. Without an examination
of the authorities cited and the explanations of
extracts torn from the context and read, I will
content myself with reading authorities of un-
doubted credit—American jurists, whose opin-
ions arc authority in every clime where law is
made and enforced for the protection of the life,
liberty, and property of the citizcn.
I denounce, in the outset, the monstrous idea
that a commander of an invading aimy (I mean
a foreign army) can, by proclamation or forcc,
according to civilized law, the law of war as it is
termed, seize private property, except so far as it
may be necessary to support and feed his army.
He has no right to take such property to fill his
own or his nation's coffers. I also deny that such
invader, by proclamation, can abolish the institu-
tions or dissolve the iclationsof society in any por-
tion of any invaded civilized nation longer than
he remains with brute force sufficient to enforce
his orders. So soon as he withdraws his power,
the original rights of the citizens revive. And
with more confidence do I deny the right and power
of the President of the United States, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, or any of his officers, high or
low, by proclamation or by force, to free the slaves
of the citizens of the States when1 the institution
exists by State law. i in like mannci deny to
Congress the power ^ do it themselves, or to au-
thorize it to be done by tho Executive under a pre-
tended war power.
The idea that in this Government any of the
departments derive powers not m the Constitu-
tion, under the plea of u necessity," is absurd.
Who is to judge of the necessity? What is to
measure the extent arid imminence of that neces-
sity which shall authorize the commander of the
Aimy to trample the Constitution under his feet,
bid defiance to all law but his own will? Tho
power derived from necessity, that necessity to
be judged of by an ambitious and unprincipled
commander, if submitted to,may be wielded to the
destruction of all civil government and the liberty
of the citizen. The laws of war for the govern-
ment of the Ameiiean Army are lo be found in
the enactments of Congress called the Utiles and
Articles of War. They weie made to rule in time
of war as well as time of peace. Every officer in
the. Army is sworn to support the Constitution.
The general or commander-in-chief who has
declared, when at the head of an army, that the
people were in the field and he was at their head,,
and would have everything according to their ex-
pectations from him—" now we have only extra
constitutional Government; no civil rights, so to
speak; all ordinary peaceful rules were to be set
aside"—nut fit to command an army in acoun-
tiy whose freedom has been won by the sword
and sccured by a written Constitution. Tlfis sen-
timent, 1 fear, is not confined to the man that ut-
tered it. it has not been lebuked when and where
it should have been. J have no power to rebuke
it, but 1 have to denounce it here, and will eveiy-
where. There are certain rights which an army
may exercise when in the field and when in an
enemy's country.
I deny to the Army of the United States, or its
conductor in this war, greater powers than would
be allowed to that of an alien enemy. The right to
capture public property, whether the Army need it
or not, the right to destroy it or remove it, is not
questioned; but I deny Hie right to seize and cap-
ture private property on laud, I care not of what
kind. The rules of civilized war forbid it. The
authorities, foreign and American, upon this sub-
ject have been so often read in this debate that I
shall content myself with quoting only a few of
them. I shall add one of our own Government,
which has not been noticed by those who have
preceded me in this debate.
Gentlemen have referred to authors of pastcen-
turies to sustain the right of the victorious army
to subjugate a conquered people, and to strip them
of their estates, real and personal; and from those
rules of uncivilized warfare claim, (under the ty-
rant's plea of necessity) in this enlightened and
Christian age, the right and power of an Ameri-
can army to exterminate the white race of the
South; in the benign language of some, drive them
into the Gulf, and repeoplc the States with the.
loyal citizcns fiom the East. One member fiom
Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] proposes todividc outthc
lands to the slaves who are to be emancipated.
I shall not enlarge my remarks by an examina-
tion of those authorities in detail, butcontentmy-
self with reference to authorities which are now
acknowledged as evidences of what the humanity
and Christianity of the nations of the present age
have recognized as the lawsofwar,and theriglits
of a triumphant and invadinganny.
Our Government in war, but more particularly
in this war, made necessary by the rebellion of a
large portion of her citizens, has the right to use
all the means or instrumentalities of war, so far as
they are adapted to secure the end designed by the
war, to wit, to maintain the Constitution,enforce
the laws, and preserve or restore the Union. In
doing this, the Government is restrained by the
Constitution, and cannot rightfully disiegard the
salutary restraints of that sacred charter, designed
to protect the life, the liberty, and property of the
citizen. The Constitution was made for a time of
war as well as peace. Its provisions are not en-
larged or restricted by a state of war. It is the
supreme law of tho land in war as well as in peace.
The doctrine " that m war laws are silent" is the
doctrine of a uaxt age, the language of the tyrant,
invoked now ny a tyrannical party to justify a dis-
regard of the plum provision* of that Constitution
they have sworn to suppoit.
Mr. Speaker, I have not denied the right of a
belligerent to seize and eaptme public property.
Cases may arise, and in the progress of an army
often occur, where private pionerty may also-lie
seized,confiscated, ordestroycd when it is found,
and when used in the army of the enemy, whether
with or without the owner's consent. An army
may take for its consumption and support private
property upon land. They may take and destroy
private property on its way to supply the enemy—
property attempted to be introduced in violation
of a blockade.
In support of these positions, I will refer to
some of the authorities and writers upon national
law, so often referred to by others in this debate.
Wellington, who, though notacompiler of national
law, must be legarded as one who not only un-
derstood and practiced the arts of war, but obeyed
the laws thereof as recognized m his day, has left
his opinion on this subject to be admired by all
just men. The requisitions of an army such as
1 have described, that groat general and statesman
" declared were iniquitous as a system, for which
the British soldier was unfit." Mr. Wheaton, an
American jurist of high and acknowledged ability,
in his tieadse upon the laws of nations and watr
announces it as a lule of international law, now
established and recognized by all civilized nations,
that private property on land is not subject to cap-
ture. This rule, he contends, extends now by
the usages of nations " t„o cases of absolute and
unqualified conquests of the enemy's countiy."
(Wheaton's Elements of International Law,421;
Vattel, 147; Kent's Commentaries, vol. 1, pp.
103, 104.)
" JJy the modem usage of nation*, which has now ac-
quired the loiee ol law, temples of lohgton, public edifices
devoted to r-ivil puipose  only, monuments ol ait, and re-
positories of science, ate exempted Itotn the. gcneial opeia-
tions of w:ir.
"i'nvate ptoperty on land is also exempt from confis-
cation, witn the exception of Mich mav become booty in
special cases, when taken from enemies in the fifld or in
besieged towns, and ot military contributions levied upon
the inhabitants of the hostile terr.toi). Tins exemption
extend,-i ven to the en?< of an absolute and us-qualitied
conquest of the enemvV country Its ancie.it time- both
the movable and immovable ptopeityol the vanquished
passed to theeonqueroi. Such was the Uomonl.nv ot war,
