262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[May 26,
31th Conc}....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Mabel Property—Mr. Wieldiffe.
Ho. of Reps.
often assorted wit!) unrelenting severity, and such was the
fate of the Roman provinces subdued by the northern bar-
barians on the decline and fall of the western empire.
" A large portion, from one to two thirds, of the lands be-
Jonging to the vanquished provincials was confiscated and
partitioned among their conquerors. The ia&t example in
Euiopc of s>uch a conquest was that of England, by William
of Normandy. Since that period, among the civilized na-
tions of Christendom, conquests, even when confirmed by
a treaty of peace, have been followed by no general or par-
tial transmutation of landed property.
"The property belonging to the Government of the van-
quished nation passes to the victorious State, which also
takes> the place of the former sovereign m respect to the
eminent domain. In other respects, private rights are un-
affected by conquest."
I now desire to ask the attention of the House
to another passage from an author:
" Private property on land is now, as a general rule of
war, exempt from seizure or confiscation? and this general
exemption extends even to cases of absolute and unqualified
conquest. Even where thft conquest of a. country is con-
finned by the unconditional relinquishment of sovereignty
by the former owner, there can be no general or partial
transmutation of private property, In virtue of any rights of
conquest. That which belonged to the Government of the
vanquished, passes to the victorious State, winch also takes
the place of the former sovereign, in respect to the right of
eminent domain ; but private rights, and private property,
both movable and immovable, are, in general, unaffected by
the operations of a war, whether s uch opei ations be limited
to meie military occupation or extend to complete con-
quest."
Upon this question of the exemption from cap-
ture of private property I shall content myself by
reference to the action and position of our own
Government upon the subject whenever she has,
in her high national character, held intercourse
with other nations.
Ill one instance she spoke through and by her
agent, her representative at a foreign Court—John
(j,. Adams—when lie was the statesman of Amer-
ica, not when he had exchanged that high and en-
viable position for the leadership of a party to
make war upon the compromises of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, aiming to destroy a great
interest protected from the assaults of a factious
majority by that sacred charter.
l'n the war between the United States and Eng-
land in 1812, the Briush army and navy, bypioc-
lamation, proclaimed freedom and protection to
all the slaves who would leave their owners and
enter the,lines of the army or the ships of war,
(not as sailors or soldiers.) Many thousands
abandoned their owners and were taken and pro-
tected by the military power of our enemy. By
the treaty of peace at Ghent it was, among other
things, stipulated that private property seized and
carried away by the British army or navy should
be icturned or paid for.
Mr. Adams, then the representative of this Gov-
ernment at St. James's, in conducting the corre-
spondence with the British minister, in demanding
a fulfillment of the treaty of Ghent, used the fol-
lowing language:
" Public property, by the usages of war, is liable to be
taken and removed; but as to private property and slaves,
they oujjht never to be taken." * - * "Our
object was the restoration of all property, including slaves,
which by the usages of war among civilized nations ought
not to have been taken. All private pioperty on land was
ol that desclipuon. It was entitled, by tiic laws of war, to
exemption, rrom capture. Slaves were private property.
I lie act of seducing them from their masters by a promise
ot freedom was in violation of the laws of war."
This was the language and sentiments of Mr.
Adams in his bestdays,representing the opinions
and rights of (he United States at a foreign Court.
I do not regret it; I have no right to do so for
his sake, but 1 do regret for my country, that this
diBtinguished man, after he had been ejected by
the voice of his countrymen from the presidential
chair, ever consented to enter upon the theater of
political strife and become the founder, and for life
the leader, of that party in the North which has
made constantand, I fear,successful war upon the
institution of slavery within the States. 1 am
bound to ascribe his hatred of the South and her
institutions to his overthrow in 1828 as President.
I served with him in Congress after he left the
executive chair. I watched and listened to his de-
bates in that body; and aftermy own retirement I
was not surprised when I read his debate on the
bill to refund the fines imposed upon General
Jackson by the district court at New Orleans. It
is on his wild, heated, and monstrous doctrine ut-
tered on that occasion, when it was not necessary
or pertinent to the question underdiscussion, that
advocates of emancipation by the war, of the
present day, base their claim of the power. I
will read it as I now find it in a speech of the high
priest of abolition of the present day:
e£ I lay this down as the law of nations. I say that the
military authority takes for the time the place of all muni-
cipal institutions—slavery among the rest. Under that state
of things, so far from its being true that the States where
slavery exists have the exclusive management, of the sub-
ject, not only the President of the United States but the
commander of the army has power to order universal
emancipation of slaves."
This position, so absurd, yet coming from a
man who had filled the office of Chief Magistrate
of the nation, was universally condemned, and
most triumphantly refuted by able jurists and
statesmen of the day. It has slept condemned as
a political heresy until the present hour.
It is upon this speech of Mr. Adams that it is
now claimed by the party in power that in a state
of war, of insurrection or rebellion, the Constitu-
tion, the laws of Congress, the laws of the States,
civil rights, social relations, and municipal insti-
tutions are subject, for the time, to the war power
—they are silent and inoperative. Any man, no
matter how incompetent to command an army or
unwilling to fight a battle, may, by his word,ab-
rogate and abolish forever institutions established
by the lawsof the States and protected by the Con-
stitution. He may seize and destroy private prop-
erty, leave the citizen with his wife and children
penniless to starve. He who utters such a senti-
ment, no matter whether he be the Commander-
in-Chief or general of division or brigade, is not
worthy to be trusted by a free and confiding peo-
ple. 1 here in my place denounce him as a tyrant
and traitor to his Constitution and country, and
arraign him as such before the civilized world,
and more particularly before the people of the
United States.
Mr. Speaker, I turn from this fatal error of a
great man to one more authority upon this ques-
tion of taking private property by the war power.
You will remember, sir, that England, France,
and the other Powers of Europe, by treaty or com-
pact of declaration, declared that privateering—the
seizing of private property on the high seas by a
belligerent vessel—should no longer exist as a bel-
ligerent right by the laws Sf nations. The Uni-
ted States were "invited to join in this declaration,
or, in other words, national legislation. All the
Powers then recognized the law well settled, that
private property on land was exempted from cap-
ture and confiscation; they wished to extend the
same rule to private property on the high seas.
The opinion of this Government upon this ques-
tion, by the then Secretary of State, in a letter
addressed to the Powers of Europe, was expressed
in these words by Mr. Marcy:
"The wanton pillage or uncompensated appropriation of
individual propeityhy an army in possession of an enemy's
country, is against the usage of modern times.
"It is a generally received rule of modern warfare, so
far, at least, as it ouerates upon land, that the persons and
effectsof non-combatants are to be respected. Such amode
of proceeding at this day [that is the capture of private prop-
erty] would be condemned by the enlightened judgment of
the world, unless warranted by special circumstances.
" Every consideration which upholds this sentiment in
regard to the conduct of war on land favors the application
of the same rule to the persons and pi operty of'beth«erents
found on the high sens."—Executive Documents, 1856-57.
An authority for the passage of those bills
cannot, is not to be found in the Constitution,
the laws of nations, nor in any other law, human
or divine—the power to pass them is claimed
by a majority of this House, under the false
pretense of punishing for crime or treason, and
' crush out," as the phrase is, this rebellion
If gentlemen expect to put down the rebellion,
to conquer a peace, to maintain the Constitution,
to enforce the laws, and restore the union of
the States by the agency of those laws in whole
or in part, I say to them in no spirit of dislov-
alty myself, but I say it in sorrow, because I be-
lieve what I say, there is not a man in this House
will nve to see the end of the present contest. You
may enlarge your Army and Navy, you may win
victories, but you will have no Union. You your-
selves, seeking to enforce and maintain the Consti-
tution over the South, by your acts in the selection
of your means of war, violate the Constitution and
the laws of the civilized world. If you scatter
the army of the enemy bj?supeiior force, you will
find no peace. You will destroy the hopesof the
Union men m those States; you will preventthose
heretofore desirous to return from returning to
their allegiance to the Govornmentof their fathers;
you deny to them the benefit of that law which
all nations recognize. That measure of the law
is acknowledged by all nations. It is this: when a
usurper is in the possession of the Government,
the subject is excused and justified in obeying and
giving him assistance; otherwise, under a usurpa-
tion, no man could be safe, if the lawful prince
had a right to hang for obedience to the powers
in being, as the usurper would certainly do for
his disobedience. (4 Black. Com., 7G.)
You have but to apply this rule to the present
condition of our Government to see the manifest
injustice you propose to do by your acts of con-
fiscation and emancipation. Our Government has
been unable to protect their citizens in the rebel-
lious States; of course they had to give willingly,
or by force, their allegiance to the government
which afforded them protection. •
Mr. Speaker, this legislative war, this military
and army raid against the property of the South
and the institution of slavery as it exists in the
several States, including States not in and which
never were in rebellion to this Government, is
wrong; it is not only in violation, as I think I have
shown, of the Constitution and the laws of civil-
ized nations, but it is palpably shameful,and un-
blushingly violates the pledges of this House, the
Senate, and the Executive of the United States,
should he concur with you in your opinions, and
by the assumed power of war override the Con-
stitution, the rights and liberties of the people. I
hope and pray to my God that the President may
be guided by the Constitution and by his pub-
lished opinions on this subject. It is in his power
to accomplish a great work, if he will,in this hour
of doubt, of almost despair among the Union men
everywhere "except in the despotism of abolition:
ignore slavery, let it take care of itself. If those
who own slaves, who are to blame for this war,
shall suffer by the legitimate exercise of all the
constitutional power necessary to maintain and
defend the Constitution and restore the Union, be
it so, it was their fault. Confiscation and eman-
cipation cannot be necessary to put down the re-
bellion. If it cannot be done by legitimate and
civilized war, you cannot do it by so conducting
your arms and inflicting your penalties to the
point of exterminating the whole, race of the South
and the destruction or confiscation of all the prop-
erty , leaving nothing for helpless woman or infant
child.
Sir, I have said this legislative war, this attempt
to change and pervert the war from its original,
avowed, national, and constitutional purposes,
was a fraud upon the nation, which, if persisted
in, the act will stamp with infamy and disgrace
those who, disregarding the Constitution, forget-
ting their solemn pledges to a confiding, brave,
and magnanimous people, under pretense of re-
storing the Union by the army, shall convert it into
a John Brown raid upon a great and an alarming
scale. Sir, I will perpetuate these pledges; I call
upon those who made them to redeenTthcm. I
invoke the approving aid of my countrymen in
this my feebie, but honest, earnest, patriotic,
Union-loving appeal to the powers that be to
pause not by the wayside, but restore the Union
as it was, with all the States governed by an un-
broken Constitution, the bond of that Union.
Mr. Speaker, great efforts have been made by
the abolition party, in and out of Congress, to
convince others, if not themselves, that slavery
caused this rebellion—that slavery is itself rebel-
lion. Ry accident my attention was called, and
I read the speech of a notorious, if not a distin-
guished man. To one who did not know who
was at war within the United States it would ap-
pear most evident that slavery was a State, and
a living, active power engaged m this war. I re-
gret to know and fear that it is the purpose of this
abolition war party, nay, such is now an uncon-
tradicted fact, that the slaves of the South are now
being armed, to be used against the white popu-
lation. Of this I shall have more to say hereafter.
Sir, I have again and again,in the clamorofdebate
in this House, heard the c^y that the slave power
had ruled this nation for fifty years. It was in-
solent, overbearing, selfish, dictatorial, and trea-
sonable. What do gentlemen mean by " the slave
power?' Where does it lie, and how has it acted
