1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Confer, by legislation, appointments upon the
sons of a particular class of men, which others
do not possess! It seems to me intolerable. In
all my reading of the legislative history of the
country I have never known a proposition so di-
rectly in conflict with the genius of the Govern-
ment, as a proposition which proposes to confer
appointments upon the sons of men who have
been the recipients of great public favors.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I wish to state
to the gentleman that in the amendment submitted
by me I have omitted everything of that kind, anci
have left the President to make selections as ho
pleases.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was gratified to see that
the amendment of the gentleman omitted all such
provisions.
It does seem to me that an increase so enormous
as that proposed by the bill now before the House
is not called for by that branch of the public ser-
vice. It is not demanded by the public necessi-
ties. It seems to mo that one appointee to the
Naval School from each congressional district, as
heretofore, is amply sufficient for all the demands
of the public service.
As to the other proposition contained in the
original bill, it seems to me that there is no argu-
ment which can be suggested in its favor, unless a
hereditary succession in office is to be established.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER,. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana that he cannot move
at the same time to strike out " two" ill different
places.
Mr. HOLMAN. With the consent of the
House I will withdraw my amendment, and sub-
stitute another. I desire to submit an amendment
which shall cover the measure I have discussed.
I move to strike out that part of the proviso to
the twelfth section which reads as follows:
Provided, That permit? sliall onlybe granted to, fn>t, the
son or giandsonot'one who liaa served in the United States
Navy 01 marine corps; second, the son or grandson of one
who has served in the United States Army or United States
volunteers.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire, in this
connection, to say that the amendment which I
submitted is not liable to the objection which the
gentleman from Indiana has last stated. It leaves
the President at liberty to make the appointment
of the ten at large from among such young men
of the country as he chooses to appoint, not con-
fining him to the sons or grandsons of naval offi-
cers.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have no desire
to oppose, exccptpro forma, the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, although 1 do not think
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phf.i.ps] is improved particularly because it
avoids the objection,as he states. I do notknow
whether the statute in relation to the selections for
West Point is open to the objection or not; but I
do know that for very many years the usage and
practice has been open to it, and while I agree
with much that the gentleman from Indiana says,
I confess I do not see what the objection is to se-
. lecting, other things being equal, the sons of those
who have rendered distinguished services to their
country; but 1 make no point on that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman from
New York know that this is an imperative rule,
that the persons appointed shall be the sons or
grandsons of officers?
Mr. ROSCOE CONIvLING. And I have said,
therefore, that I have no support to give it. Doubt-
less, if the President is merely allowed to select,
the selections will be made from all classes justly.
I rjlilt-: agree with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, that the present mode of se-
lecting these people and of dealing with them after
they are selected is objectionable, and I desire to ;
vote with him if his way will correct the difficulty, j
I suggest to him, however, that it seems to me j
that the option of selection, the caprice of selec- |
tion—for that is all there is of it—is simply trans- I
ferret! by his amendment from the Representative j
of the district to examiners appointed by the Rep- :
resentative. Sevenyoungmenpresentthemselves, |
all five feet high, all more than fourteen years old |
and less than sixteen, and all vigorous in consti-
tution. Now, a selection is to be made from them, j
How? Because they have or have not any par- |
tieular knowledge? No. Because they have stud- |
ied any particular branches? No; but the exam- i!
27M
mers are to say, upon their mere discretion and
preference, that certain of the whole number are
the best of tne applicants. I make the suggestion
to my friend that it seems to me to be virtually a
transfer from the Representatives in Congress to
three persons named by him of the option of say-
ing that this young man rather than that shall be
sent to the Naval School.
Now, with regard to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] I submit
to him that if he should only adopt the suggestion
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
to make it one in place of two from a district, his
amendment would leave the matter substantially,
and I am inclined to think almost precisely, as it
is now; so that the incorporation of his amendment
upon the substitute of the Naval Committee will
virtually amount to nothing, except the defeat of
the substitute itself; and I think wchad better take
a vote squarely upon that, because, if I understand
his amendment, it merely leaves the present stat-
ute as it now stands, and it is hardly worth while
to roenact it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would remark
that my amendment differs from the present law
in this: provision is made in it for the appoint-
ment of two pupils at the Naval Academy from
this District, and conferring upon the President the
power of appointing ten pupils at large. No ap-
pointments of that description are now made.
_ ^ Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I suggest,
if the amendment is simply that there shall be two
instead of one from a district and ten at large, a
very few words would cover the whole ground.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Holman's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Piielps, of Missouri.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri by
striking out the words " not less than five feet in
height." I make the motion for the reason that not
one boy. in fifty of the age of fourteen is of that
heigh t, and it would exclude many of the best boys
in the country.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to this
whole section, not because the present mode is not
defective and improper, but because I think that
the proposed amendment breaks the dog's leg in
two places instead of the one where it was broken
before. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the course of my colleague's argument, but
do I understand him us opposing my amendment
m relation to the height of candidates?
Mr. RICHARDSON. No; I shall vote for it.
I am opposing it now only for the purpose of
making a few remarks. I am not serious in my
opposition to it. I tell my colleague that confi-
dentially. There is a great deal of circumlocution
about this proceeding, which at last comes back
to the original proposition. Now, it is very easy
to understand how it can be done. If the member
of Congress selccts the committee that is to ap-
point the boy, that committee is responsible to
nobody, then at last he takes the responsibility.
But the argument is made that a member of Con-
gress is embarrassed by these appointments. Well,
I have never found any embarrassment about the
matter. I have generally made up my mind pretty
readily, and I think that any gentleman who is
embarrassed by this thing ought to have the ap-
pointment taken entirely away from him, or ought
to resign, as some gentleman suggests. I do not
think he ought ever to have been clrcted. That,
however, is a question for his constituents. But
seriously, so far as this question is concoriied, it
is nothing more nor less than adding circumlocu-
tion for the purpose of doing cxactly what has
been done heretofore, and I am opposed to throw-
ing around the matter this circumlocution.
Mi'. Washburnd's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE of Massachusetts. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last line, and
I do it for the purpose of saying a few words in
i elation to the amendment submitted by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. It would seem to be suf-
ficiently evident that some change in the mode of
appointment to the Naval Academy as it at pres-
ent exists, is absolutely necessary, from the fact
thatonly about one quarter or one third ofthe stu-
dents who enter that institution continue there un-
til the close of the term and enter into the service of
the United States. Now, sir, until I can have some
satisfactory explanation of a result so remarkable
as that, I shall, for one, believe that the evil arises
from some imperfection in the mode of selecting
the candidates who are sent to th(fschool. I know
that it is charged that the selections are made gen-
erally or frequently by the partiality ofthe Repre-
sentatives in Congress of the districts where the
candidates reside. I do not know whether that
be the fact or not, but I do know that it is very
frequently the case that the member of Congress
representing a district and being required to select
a candidate for this school, must have a very lim~
ited and imperfect acquaintance with the relative
merits of those who may offer themselves for that
position.
During the present session of Congress I was
notified that I had an opportunity to make an ap-
pointments the Military Academy at West Point.
I had received nearly forty applications from
young gentlemen in my district desiringto be ad-
mitted into that school, and about as many desir-
ing to beadmitted to the Naval School. I had very
little acquaintance with the qualifications of these
vaiious applicants. I was confined here in the
performance of my duties, with no opportunity to
go home and examine the candidates myself, and
the course which I adopted was to notify each of .
these candidates to appear before a committee,
whom I had selected at home, for an examination
in respect to their qualifications for entrance into
that institution. These young men reported them-
selves by numbers and not by name. They were
examined by the committee whom I had chosen,
and that committee selected one of them, whom
they considered to be, in all respects, best quali-
fied for the position. They were ignorant of his
name, residence, and connections until after they
had determined on his qualification. Then, by
turning to the envelope corresponding to the num-
ber which the young man held in his hand, they
ascertained his name. It turned out that he was
a young man who had recently graduated first in
his class in the English high school in the city of
Boston. Now, I know that it would have been
quite impossible for me to have made so judicious
a selection, with my imperfect knowledge of the
merits of the several candidates, as was done by
the committee. 1 have no doubt that the experi-
ence of every other member is similar to mine.
Mr. ENGLISH, I desire to say that such was
my experience. I adopted a similar course, and
made the appointment on the report of the exam-
iners.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 wish to say
in reply to the remaiks of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, that this was through no desire to escape re-
sponsibility in making the selection, but I needed
the information necessary to enable me to make
a judicious selection.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I want to
oppose the amendment offered by my colleague.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the machinery
in regard to the selection of pupils is altogether
too elaborate. If a member of Congress is com-
petent to make the selection, he ought to make it.
if he is an unsuitable person to make the selection,
the statute should be altered in that respect. I do
not believe that in either of the cases cited by my
friend from Massachusetts or the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Rice and Mr. English,] there
is any certainty that the best boy has been se-
lected. Every person who has had the fortune or
misfortune of going through college, knows that
the young man who comes to college best pre-
pared is not necessarily he who graduates with
the highest honors.
Now, I will tell the House how I made a se-
lection for the Naval School. 1 had some forty
or fifty applications. A young boy, the son of
a shoemaker in an adjoining town, came into my
office. I sat down and examined him about an
hour. Next day I sent lum a nomination, which
he canied to Newport, and he is now, as I learn,
the second scholar in his class. Ifl had taken the
recommendations which 1 had, he would never
have been a candidate for admission. I think that
the fact of a boy's undergoing an examination
is no satisfactory test of final success. Many
of the boys who go to collcge, and squeeze hardly
through their preliminary examination with great
difficulty, turn out very often the best boys in the
crowd.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. If the gentle-
man were not at home, and could not have the
