1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
together with the boats, teams, wagons, and sleds used in
couveving the same, and als-o the goods, packages, and pelt-
ries of such person, shall be seized and delivered to the
proper officei, and shall be proceeded against by libel in the
propei court, and forfeited, one naif to the informer and the
other half to the use of the United States; and if s>uch per-
son be a tiader, his license shall be revoked and his bond
put in suit. And it shall moreover be lawful for any person
in the service of the United States, or lor any Indian, to
take and destioy any aideut spiiits or wine found in the
Indian counttv, except such as may be introduced therein
by the War Department. And in all cases arising under
this act Indiana shall be competent witnesses.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will state that the only
changc that is proposed to be made by this bill in
the law of 1834 is this: that law punished selling
liquor to the Indians in the Indian country; this
bill applies to any person who shall sell liquor to
Indians anywhere.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ORGANIZATION OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GRIMES. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Naval AOaiis, to whom was reported a
bill (S. No. 171) establishing two bureaus in the
Navy Department, to report back a substitute, or
a new bill, I do not know exactly how to get at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment to
the original bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; an amendment to
the original bill. We propose to make it " a bill
to organize tiie Navy Department of the United
States." The substitute or amendment which I
submit proposes the creation of three additional
bureaus in the Navy Department; and that Sena-
tors may have an opportunity, when the bill shall
come up for consideration, to understand it, I wish
to have pi in ted a little statement showing the pres-
ent force and the proposed force in the different
bureaus when they shall be reorganized as pro-
posed, showing that there will be an actual dimi-
nution of the expenses of the Government, and
making the service much more efficient. I there-
fore ask that this statement may be printed to
accompany the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the nature of a
report from a committee?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Chair will take
this occasion to say that there is no such thing,
parliamentary, as a substitute for a bill. A bill
referred to a committee must be reported back
again, and the rpport then will be to substitute,
in one sense of the word, a new bill for the old,
by striking out all of the old and inserting the new
as an amendment.'
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that all prior or-
ders be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the fortification bill, which we
had nearly concluded at the adjournment yester-
day. It is necessary that we should take up the
Treasury note bill also and go through with it to-
day. I therefore must ask thata partof the morn-
ing hour be given to dispose of the fortification
bill. I suppose there will be no further debate
upon it.
Mr. POWELL. I ask leave to make a report
from a committee. Jt will take but a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been applied to to
give way for the same purpose by other gentlemen,
but I cannot yield.
Mr. POWELL. I shall not insist on it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
165) making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other works of defense for the year ending
30th of June, lS03,and additional appiopriations
for the year ending 30th of J une, I860; the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Sher-
man, to strike out all the bill after the word re-
pairs," in the fifth line of the first section, and to
insert:
For existing fortifications, .$1,000,000.
Foi such works of defense as in the opinion of the Pres-
ident aie necessary foi the immediate defence of the &ea-
coast and isoithern frontier, 000,000.
For budge trains and equipage for armies in the field,
$300,000.
For contingencies of fortifications, §100,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the permission of the
Senate to have lead some intelligence thatmay be
of a rather pleasing and inspiriting character and
may give some force to the arguments of the Sen-
ator from Maine in behalf of the proposed fortifi-
cations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unanimous
consent of the Senate, the communication will be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
From Cairo, February 11,1862.
Hon. G. Welles, Secretary of the Navy:  
The following is Lieutenant Commanding Phelps's re-
port to Flag-Officer Foote:
United States Gonboat Connestoga,
Railroad Crossing, Tennessee River,
February 10, ] 862.
Sir: We have leturned to this point from an entiiely
successful expedition to Florence, Alabama. At the foot oi
the Muscle shoal-*. Alabama, the rebels weie forced to burn
six steameis and we captuied two others, besides the half
completed gunboat Eastport. The steamers humed were
freighted with rebel mihtaiy stores. ThcEasiporthasabout
two hundred and fifty thousand feet of! umber on board. We
captured two hundred stand of arms and a quantity of cloth-
ing and stores, arul destroyed the encampment of Colonel
Crews at Savannah, Tennessee. Found the Union senti-
ment strong. S. PHELPS,
Lieutenant Commanding, U. S. N.
Flag-Officer A. II. Foote, U. S. JV., Commanding Naval
Forces Western IVaters, Cairo, Illinois.
Fortress Monroe, Virginia, February 11.
By flag of truce to-day we learn of the complete success
of Burnside at Roanoke Wand. The island was taken
possesion of, and Commodore Lyneh's fleet completely
destroyed. Elizabeth City was attacked on Sunday, and
evacuated by the inhabitants. It was previously burned,
whether b\ out shells or by the inhabitants is not ccitam.
The fiist news of the defeat arrived at Norfolk on Sunday
afternoon, and caused gieat excitement; previous news very
sdtisiactoiy, stating that the Yankees had been allowed to
advance for the put pose of di awing them into a trap The
lebel foices on the island are supposed to have been only a
little over three thousand efficient fighting men. Geneial
Wise waf ill at Nag's Head, and was not piesent during
the engagement. When the situation became dangerous,
he was lemoved to Norfolk. All the gunboats but one were
taken. That escaped up the creek, and was probably abo
destroyed. One u poit at Norfolk says seventy, another
only twenty-five escaped fiom Roanoke island. General
Iluger tcleciiaphod to Richmond that only fifty on the island
escaped. Thine appeals to be no bright side of the story
fortherebels. The Richmond Exammei thismoimng(lOth)
savs, in jts leading editorial, "The loss of our entnc anny
on Roanoke island is ccitainiy the most painful event of
the war. The intelligence by telegraph yesterday is fully
confirmed. Twenty-five hundred brave tioops on the isl-
and were exposed to all the force of Buinside's fleet. They
resisted with all courage, but when fifteen thousand weio
landed against them, ictreat being cut off by the surround-
ing elements, they weie forced to siyrendei. This is a rep-
etition of Ilatteias on a larger scale."
The following are the dispatches on the subject in the
Richmond papers of this morning :
Norfolk, February 10.
The late&t news states that Captain O. Jennings'Wise,
son of Govomoi Wise, was shot thiough the hip and dis-
abled, though his wound was not mortal. Major Lawson
andLu'UtanantMillei weie mortally wounded. About three j
bundled cmifcdeiateb weie killed. Our wounded number^
over onp thousand. The number of Yankee^ wounded is
about the same. Midshipman Corwin had his arm shot ofi".
The other casualties aie unieported.
A late airival this moi ning savs Elizabeth City had been
shelled and burned by Yankees, and that the enemy were
pushing on through to Edenton.
[second dispatch.]
Norfolk, February 10.
Rumor lias pievailcd that Commodore Lynch'** licet of
gunboats had been captuied. Itisnotregaidcd as tme, but
jt is, believed that all were binned by the confederates to
preventtheir capture, with the exception of one, which was
endeavoring to make its escape. The fleet went to Eliza-
beth City from Roanoke island, and was probably burnt at
the former point.
[third dispatch.]
Norfolk, 'February 10,
(Received in Richmond at midnight)
A cnurtei ariived here rim afternoon at four o'clock and
brought the intelligence that Elizabeth City was burned this
moining by the inhabitants Duung the conflagration the
Federals landed a laige force. All our gunboats, excepting
one, were captuied by the enemy. General Wise has not
yet arrived at Norfolk. A councr at rived here yesterday
afternoon, fiorn whom ucgather the following information:
Enemv advanced full force upon Elizabeth City yesterday
about seven o'clock, and began an attack upon that place ;
citizen** finding lesi^tance vam evacuated the place; but
before doing f-o .-otfire to the town, and when ourinl'oimant
left it was still in flames.
We have al-o to lecord the capture bv the enemy of
all our little fleet except the Fanny or Forest, mfoirnant
not ccitam which Tins eluded the enemy, and made up
Pasquotmk river. She was pursued, howevci,and fcaisare
entertained that she also was captured. It is said that be-
foie oui boats suriendured, thev were abandoned, and that
the new succeeded m making their escape. If &o. we aie
at a loss to conjecture why they were not fired before they
were abandoned. Disastei to our little fleet attributed to the
fact that having exhausted-supply of coal and ammunition,
the> ptoceedcd to Elizabeth Citytoi the i>ui pose of obtaining
a supply. Every effort was made to obtain coal, but without
>uccc&b. and on thia account the fleet was unable to return
to the island or send any assistance whatever to our forces* *
All details as published witb reference to capture of Roan-
oke island aie confirmed by courier. He represents'out
loss at three hundred killed and wounded, and that of the
enemy not less than one thousand killed. Great havoc was
made among them while coming up the road leading to
fort. Ourforces brought to bear upon them two thirty-two
pounders, and at every fire their ranks were terribly tlnnned.
The places of the fallen were quickly filled. Pork Point
battery was manned by the Richmond Blues, and most np-
bly did they defend it during the conflict. Tliey were at-
tacked by a whole regiment of Zouaves, and tfiottgh com-
pletely overpowered they stood their ground bravely, nor
did they yield a foot until all save seven fell bleeding to the
ground. There is good reason to believe that had Colonel
Henningsen with his artillery been on the island, it would
not have been forced to surrender. Lack of field pieces
was sadly fell, and had theso been at hand, the enemy per-
haps would never have been able to have landed his forces.
Hcnmngsen had orders, we understand, to report at Roan-
oke island; but by some misunderstanding, he mistook Eliz-
abeth City for the place of destination. Captain Taylor of
this city is represented as having distinguished himself, in
addition to the above are many rumors we might give, but,
as they are nothing more than rumors, we withhold them.
Among them is one, however, worthy of noticc—that Gen-
eral Wise had been shot while in an ambulance on his way
to Norfolk. Thcie is no tiuth whatever in this statement,
so far as we have been able to learn, and can only account
for it by supposing that the name of General Wise was con-
founded with that of his son, who was reported among the
killed. It is reported that one regiment from Massachu-
setts was ncaily cut up, but it is impossible to ascertain
which one of the five that were attached to the expedition.
The news received here to-day occasioned great excite-
ment at Old Point. A steamer with official dispatches from
General Buinside is hourly expected. The prisoneis cap-
tuied number at least two thousand. They will be here in
a few d%ys. All the southern papers received are unani-
mous iu admitting a complete victory to our troops, and that
the loss of the island is a very seiious one.
Received February 12, 18627from Baltimore. """
To Captain Fox:
The lollowing dispatches relateto Federal movements in
Tennessee. The southern papers contain the following
interesting items:
Lynchburg, Virginia, February 10.
The Lynchburg Vjiginian has received a printed dispatch
from Chattanooga, dated on the 9th instant, which states
that the Fedeial gunboats reached Florence about four
o'clock, p. in., yesterday. Troops were landed and the town
occupied by them. They went up within a mile of Tus-
cumbia, Alabama, last night. This morning they left and
took to their gunboats. A later dispatch to the Virginian
from Ciiattanooga, dated to-day, says that the reported fight
atBearcicek is untiue. The Lineolnites had again re-
turned to Florence. No bridges had been burned on the rail-
road. Communication was entirely cut off between Chatta-
noogaand Memphis. The Federals are landing atEastport,
Mississippi, thirty miles below Florence, on the Tennessee
l lver.
Memphis, Tennessee, February 10.
The Federal gunboat* passed down the Tennessee river
from Florence yesteiday, and carried off large quantities
of government stoics. The Florence steamers itobb and
Dunbar aie safe. They lan up Cvpiess creek at the ap-
proach of the enemy. No injury was done to private prop-
erty oi to the raihoad. The enemy is expected back soon.
About five hundred Federal cavalry were landed from the
gunboats.
Savannah, Hardin C.oi'nty, Tennessee,
February 10.
About ten o'clock yesterday, the raihoad btidge over the
Tennessee river was held by two hundred and fifty Fed-
erals; the work had not been injured by the enemy. They
sav that within two weeks they will have possession of
the entire road.
Nashville, February 10.
Passengers who arrived here this evening by steamboat
t-tatc that our scouts report that the Federal infantry and
cavahy were within four miles of Fort Donelson on yes-
terday. Other passengers say that the Federal gunboats
were in sight of the fort on yesteiday. A private dispatch
fiom Clarkesville to-day says Fort Donelson is safe, and
cannot be taken. The Fedeials destioyed several spans of
the bridge at Floience, connecting with Tuscumbia. Theie
were s>ix i-teamboats at Florence, two of which were cap-
tured. The other fout were set on fne and burned by the
citizens of Florence. A private dispatch received this
evening from Decatur says everything is quiet. Tli« trams
will J un legularly again on the Memphis and Charleston
railroad-
Nfw Orleans, February 10.
Private and general dispatcher sustain the icpoit that
leconnoitering gunboats had gone up the Tenness-ee river
as high as Florence.
Nashville, February 10.
A private dispatch received last night from Florence
states that thegunboats left that place. Foit Donelson had
been largely reinfoieed, but no advices leceived of move-
ments there.
The question being taken by yeas and nays '
upon the amendment of Mr. Sherman, resulted
yeas 9, nays 28-, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Da\ia, Grimes, Hale, Harris, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Nesmith, and Sherman—y.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Uaik,
Collainei. Cowan, Uixou, DooJittle,:? >
ter, Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Latham, Morrill,
