1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783.
That vote being taken, then it is in order to recur
to the original bill, by way of perfecting it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then, in otder to give the
gentleman al I latitude about it, I will for the pres-
ent withdiaw my substitute, that he may present
his amendment in due time.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I believe my motion
is in order, and I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business. That
will leave this question in order at one o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it distinctly under-
stood I do not design malting a speech. My pur-
pose was simply to call the attention of Senators
to the practical point, and let us, if possible, get
an issue and pass some kind of a bill. I think
it would be better for us to finish this matter so
far as we can now. We have had executive ses-
sions nearly every day. I really see no occasion
for one, at least none at present. Still, I will yield
m order to obtain the sense of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 19, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Clark, Collamer.Cow-
an, Davit., Dixon, Doolillle, Fcbsemlen, Foot, Foster, Ilen-
detsnn, Ne«imth, Powell, ihee, SauUbury, Stark, Sumner,
and Thomson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandlei, Grimes, Hale, IIow-
aul, Ilowe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Douaail, Morrill, Sherman, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wuglu—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask the Secretary to
read my amendment to the original bill.
The Secretary read it; to strike out all after the
words 44 United States," in line six of the first sec-
tion, down to and including the word " rebellion,"
in the thirteenth line, in the following words:
Belonging to any person or persons beyond the jurisdic-
tion of the same, oi to any person or poisons in any State
oi distuct within the United States, now m a state of m-
sui rectum and rebellion against the authouty thereof, so
that m eithei case the ordinary process of law cannot be
srived upon them, who snail (luring thepiesent lebelllon
be lound in arm* against the United States, or giving aid
and comfoit to said rebellion.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Fir^t. Persons hereaftei acting as officers ol the army or
navj' of the rebels now or hereafter in arms against the
United States. Sccond. Persons hereafter acting a-  pi es-
ldeni. vice president, member of const ess, judge, foieign
minister, consul, or commissioner of the so called confed-
erate States. Thud. Persons heieaftei acting as anofficei,
whether civil, militaiy, or naval, of any State or Temtory
who by the constitution of the Mvcalled confederate States
is requited to take an oath to support ,-aul conMituuon.
Fourth. Persons who having held an office of honor, tnist,
or profit under the United States, shall hereafter take up
arms against the United States. Fifth. Pe^ona who,own-
ing ptoppity jn the loyal States or Teiiltones, oi the loyal
po! tions of disloyal States, «hall hereafter assist or give aid
and comfort to the present rebellion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to this amendment to the original
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I will not
prolong the discussion of this bill by any very ex-
tended icmarks, but will confine myself to a gen-
eral statement of the purpose and the provisions
ot the pending amendment and substitute. The
question of confiscation of the property of rebels
has been so ably discussed in both Houses that I
could only repeat what has been said by others.
The discussion has shown that the difficulty is as
to the measure and extent of confiscation, rather
than as to the right. No one disputes but that
Congress can authorize the seizure of either the
person or property of a citizen except as against
an open enemy engaged in war. A confiscation
bill is purely a military measure. It can only be
justified, if it is a proper and necessary measure
in prosecuting war. A rebellion so formidable as
this is a civil war, and must be subdued by open
war. Prosecutions for tieason are cm! remedies,
after war is over, enforced by courts, juries, wit-
nesses, and all the incidents of legal trial. The
Constitution surrounds such a trial with numer-
ous safeguards. 'It must be by due process of law;
it must be in a State or district previously ascer-
tained by law; it must be by a jury; it must be
upon indictment found by a grand jury; the wit-
nesses must be examined in open couit; and the
punishment cannotextend to a forfeiture of estate
beyond the life of the accused. It is, therefore,
manifest that if confiscation is a civil remedy,
every measure proposed is unconstitutional.
But it is not a civil remedy. It is war. It is
war against an open foe in arms. It is to be tested
by the laws of war, by the law of force. We kill
our enemies without trial; we enter upon their
lands; we destroy their property; we commit nu-
merous acts unjustifiable except by the laws of
war. We punish without conviction. To test the
constitutionality of this act by the safeguards pre-
scribed for the citizen, would be as ridiculous as to
invoke a jury before you kill your enemy in battle.
Seizure of the property of your enemy is justi-
fied by the same law which authorizes you to seize
his person or destroy his life. In either case it is
to destroy his resistance, to weaken his strength,
to annihilate his physical power. You are justi-
fied in using very different means against him
when he is in arms, threatening your life, your
Government, than you would if he was in your
power on trial for a criminal offense. A traitor
as a prisoner on trial for treason is in a very dif-
ferent condition than when arrayed in arms. In
the one case the Constitution prescribes the mode
and limit of his punishment; in the other case you
arc authorized to reduce him by force, to kill him,
to starve him into submission, to seize and sell or
destroy his property.
Confiscation is not only justified by the laws
of war, by the practice of many nations, but it is
practiced by our enemies in the most obnoxious
way. They seize ail kinds of property of loyal
citizens; they destroy contracts, confiscate debts.
All the property of citizens of loyal States which
is within a disloyal State is seized without excep-
tion, and that whether such citizen has aided the
Government or not. They also seize the property
of all citizens in disloyal States who will not com-
mit an act of treason by aiding them. Yet they
profess to be governed bv a constitution similar
to the Constitution of the United States, so far as
it relates to the rights of persons and property.
They draw the distinction between the laws of
war and the laws of peace.
Sir, it is folly to conduct a war against open ene-
mies and yet furnish them the means to carry on
war against us. They have seized all the prop-
erty of loyal citizens within their leach, and yet
we protect piopeity of leading rebels. Houses are
now lented in thiscity to loyalpeople, and the rent
is transmitted to officers in the rebel army. We
protect houses and property in Alexandria be-
longing to officers of the rebel State government of
Virginia. Leading rebels own large property in
northern States, and yet seize the property of our
citizens. Gentlemen who sympathize with them
now in our midst, think it very hard that their
friends should be deprived of tlu-ir property "with-
out due process of law," and yet have not a word
to say against (he seizure and confiscation of prop-
erty of our own peaceable and loyal citizens. -
Sir, it is time there was an end of this. We are
at war. We must destroy our enemies or they
will destroy us. We must subdue their armies
and we must confiscate their property. The only
question with me is as to the best measure of con-
fiscation. That some one should be enacted, and
that speedily, is not only my conviction of duty,
but it will be demanded by those who will have to
bear the burdens of tins war. Now, it is the m-
teiest of every citizen m a seceding State to be a
rebel. If a patriot, his property is destroyed. If
a rebel, his property is protected alike by friend j
and foe. Now, the burdens of the war will fall, !
by heavy taxation, upon loyal citizens, butrebels
are beyond ouneach. How long can we conduct I
such a war? Sir, we have been moderate to excess, i
War is a liornble remedy, but when we are com- j
polled to resort to it, we should make our enemies
feel its severity as well as ourselves.
What, then, is the best measuie of confiscation?
The bill leported from the Judiciary Committee
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tiiumbull] pro-
vides that all property of whatever kind of any
person within the seceded States " who shall dur-
ing the present rebellion be found in arms against
| the United States, or giving aid and comfort to
said rebellion," shall be forfeited and confiscated.
This will extend to almost every able-bodied man,
and to many of the women of the southern States.
The woids "giving aid and comfori" have re-
ceived a judicial constiuction, and have a very
extended meaning; all who contribute m money,
means, voice, arms, will be included. The will-
ing and the unwilling, leaders and followers,
knaves and dupes, cowards and desperadoes are
alike included. It may be said that the forfeiture
will not be enforced againstall these; but it may
be. Interest, hate, might induce the forfeiture in
improper cases. So general and sweeping a for-
feiture is impracticable from its very nature. The
whole population would be subject to the penal-
ties of the law. Even if not enforced against them,
they would not be likely topurchase property under
a law which would include their own. In a quasi
criminal statute, it is not well to denounce penal-
ties impossible to execute. So sweeping a con-
fiscation will defeat itself. It cannot be and will
not be enforced, however theoretically deserved
by all described in it.
If too much is attempted in the way of confisca-
tion, nothing will be accomplished. If nothing is
confiscated, you array against you all who wish
in the civil war merely to preserve their property
and to remain quiet. This is always a large class
in every community. If rebellion will secure
their propctty from rebels and not endanger it to
the Government, they are rebels. Those whose
position or character have secured them offices
among the rebels can only be conquered by force.
Is it not, therefore, possible to frame a bill which
will punish the prominent actors in the rebellion,
proclaim amnesty to the greatmassof the citizens
in the seceding: States, and separate them from
their leaders? This, in my judgment, can be done
by confining confiscation to classes of persons.
The amendment I propose embraces five classes
of persons, namely:
1. Persons hereafter acting as officers of the
army or navy of the rebels now or hereafter in
arms against the United States.
2. Persons hereafter acting as president, vice
president, member of congress, minister, commis-
sioner, consul, or judge of the so-called confed-
erate States.
3. Governois of States, members of State con-
ventions and legislatures, and judges of courts of
States now in rebellion, who shall hereafter take
an oath to support the constitution of said con-
federate States, or having taken such oath, shall
hereafter act as such.
4. Persons who, having held an office of honor,
trust, or profit.m the United States, shall hereafter
be found in arms against the United States.
5. Persons who, owning property in the loyal
States, shall hereafter assist or give aid and com-
fort to such rebellion.
But, sir, there are other features in this bill that
I do not like, and therefore, not with a view of
being the author of a confiscation bill, but rather
adopting the opinions of many Senators who have
spoken on the subject, I have framed several pro-
visions, and have ingrafted them in a bill in the
nature of a substitute. I wish to call the attention
of Senators briefly to the different clauses of that
substitute. The first section authorizes the Pres-
ident in suppressing the present insurrection,
wherever practicable, to seize the property, real
and personal, of the classes of persons named in
the amendment that has been read at the Secre-
tary's desk. It declares that all sales or transfers
of this property hereafter shall be utterly void,
and that it shall be a sufficient bar to any suit
brought by such person to recover the possession
of such property to prove that he is one of the
persons ^escribed in the section. This has not
the harsh features of the first section of the bill
reported by the Judiciary Committee. It simply
authoiizes'thc President, and requires him, when
practicable, to seize the property of certain per-
sons and hold it m his possession for subsequent
judicial proceedings. It does not piescribe the
mode and manner in which it shall be done, but
we know it will be clone by the military arm of
the Government in suppressing the rebellion.
There is no doubt of the power to do all that is
authorized to be done by the first section. The
power to seize the property of an enemy is as plain
and palpable as the power to take his life. You
can seize the property of a public enemy without
going through the oidinary process oflaw. The
Constitution declares that a man shall not be de-
prived of his life,liberty, or property withoutdue
process oflaw; and yet without due process of
law you arm a regiment to kill him. You may, in
the same way, in pursuing war, seize upon his
property. The seizure of the property is just as
much an act of war as the taking of life, and is
justified by the same constitutional power. I be-
lieve even my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
