1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
37x11 Cong....2b Sess.
Confiscation of Ilebel Property—Mr. Wickliffe.
Ho. of Reps.
unfriendly to the prosperity, the advancement of
the glory, and the protection of the liberty pf this
country? Do you mean by the term slave power,
that power wielded by President Washington and
others in the formation of the Constitution? Do
you mean the power wielded by President Jeffer-
son and his Democratic supporters in arresting
the unconstitutional and consolidatory measures
of John Adams? Do you mean the measures and
powers exercised by James Madison, Monroe,
Jackson—all of whose public acts have illustrated
the true principles of a true republican Govern-
ment, ana the glory of our nation and country at
home and abroad? It was this same slave power
the gentlemen now hate and condemn, that ac-
quired by the gallantry of General George Rogers
Clark, and gave to the Union, that territory north-
west of the Ohio, upon.,which have been estab-
lished five States, now represented on this floor,
it was this same despised slave power that gave
to you Louisiana, California, Oregon, Texas,and
Florida. It was this same slave power that vin-
dicated the honor of the nation in defense of " free
trade and sailors' rights," and established our
maritime equality as a nation, and our ability to
maintain that independence consecrated by the
blood of our fathers against any Power who dared
to assail it. It was this same slave power which,
wielded by Jackson, taught the French king to
respectour rights as a nation, and to pay our citi-
zens what was due them by the wrongs of im-
perial audacity.
This is what the slave power, as you call it,
has done for the country and Government, whose
blessings you now enjoy, but whose powers you
are wont to abuse.
Slavery you charge to be the cause of this re-
bellion. You have assumed this position. You
are laboring to impose it upon the honest citizens
of the Nortlumd East, thatyou may justify your-
selves in the efforts now being made to do what
you have said upon your oaths you hud no wish
or power to do—to interfere in any manner with
slavery as ltexists in thoStatesunderand by virtue
uf State law. You said you had not the powet and
you swore you would not do it. Youi lesolution
passed in February, 1861, after seven States had
seceded. Read the resolutions you voted for
unanimously, and ask yourselves the question,
have 1 violated these resolutions? And let your
consciences answer the question :
•* Jlcsolved, Thatneithei the Federal Government nor lite
people or government ofttie non-sluvcholding States have
a puipose or a constitutional right to legislate upon or inter-
fere with slaveiy in any of the States ot the Union.
Resolved, That those persons in the North who do not
subseiibe lo the toiegoing pioposition are too insignificant
in numbers and influence to exeite the senotH attention or
ahum ofany poiuon of the people of the Republic, and that
the inciea-e of il^eh number and influence does not keep
pace with the increase of the aggregate population of the
Union."
The resolution of July, 1861, the day after the
battle of Bull Run, is as follows:
" That in this national emeigency, Congress, banishing
all feelings of mcie pas>ion or tuicntment, will recollect
only ltd duty to the whole country ; thatlhi.s war is not waited
upon ou  p.ntin any s>pu it of oppression, nor ioi any piu-
po-e ot conquest or subjugation. nor purpose ol ovei throw-
ing oi inteileu tig with the light-*' or established institutions
ol those Slate-, but to defend and maintain the Mipremacy
of the Constitution, and to preserve the Union with all the
dignity, cqunntv, and lights of the seveial States uniin-
paiied ; and that as mjoii a  these objects are accomplished
the war ought to cease "
II will do no harm to publish again the open
and avowed opinions and pledges of the President
a vun and again, made upon this subject.
' 1 will call attention to the opinions of the Pres-
ident, and thosa who elected him, upon this sub-
ject of slavery as it existed in the States. The
'party, m their platform at Chicago, pledges him
and themselves to this emphatic declaration :
" Resolved, That the maintenance of the rights of the
States, and especially the tight of each State to oider and
control its own domestic institutions according to its own
judgment,exclusively, h essential to that balance of power
on which the perfection and enduiance of oui political
fabiie depends; and we denounce the lawk-*-, invasion by
aimed toiee of the soil ot any State or Territoiy, no matter
under what pietext, a-> among the gravest of ci imps."
The President in his inaugural address pledged
himself to the observance of tins principle,and I
shall rely confidently on his fulfillment ol that
pledge. He said in that address:
"I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery mthe States where it exists.
1 believe 1 have no lawful light to do so, and I have no inch
nation to do so."
In all his messages, that of July"particularly,
he has maintained the same regard for the rights
of the States, and the sacredness of their institu-
tions, as declared by him in March, 1861.
General Butler has not been silent upon this
question of slavery, connected and affected as it
maybe by this war. He shall speak for himself.
In his letter to the Governor of Massachusetts,
he utters the following sound opinions:
"On the morning following my landing, I was infonned
that the city of Annapolis and environs weie in danger
from an insurrection of the slave population, in defiance of
the laws ot the State. What was 1 to do? I had promised
to put down a white mob, and to preserve and ontoree the
laws against that. Ought 1 to allow a black one any pief-
orence in a breach of the laws? I understood that I was
armed against all inflections of the laws, whether by white
or black, and upon that understanding I acted, certainly
with promptness and efficiency."
Again, in the same letter, and speaking on the
same subject, the following sentiments occur:
"I appreciate fully your excellency's suggestion as to the
inherent weakness ot the rebels, arising trom the prepon-
derance of their servile population. Xhe question thou is,
m what manner shall we take advantage of that weakness?
Cy allowing, and ot couise arming, that population to rise
upon the detenscle.ss women and childicn of the country,
can j ing rapine, arson, and murder—all the honors of St.
Domingo a million times magnified—among those whom
we hope to leunite with us as hicthien. many of whom mc
already so, and all who are woith preset ving will bo when
this hoiuble madness shall have passed away oi be thrashed
out of them? Would your excellency advise the tioops
under my command to make war in person upon the de-
fenseless women and children of any pait of the Union,
accompanied with brutalities too homble to be named?
You will say, < God fothul!' If wc may not do so in per-
son. i-hall we arm otheis so to do, over whom we have no
restraint, exercise no control, and who, when once they
have tasted blood, may tuin the vety aims we liave put m
their hands against omsidves, as a pail, of the oppiestdug
white lace ?
" The reading of histoiy, so familiar to yout exeellcncy,
will tell jou the bitterest cause ot complaint which our
f.ilhei- hud against (Jieai Buiain in the wai nf the Invo-
lution was the arming, by the i iinsh MiuiMiy, oi the led
men with the tomahawk and the scalping kmte airauist Hie
women and the childum of the colonies, so that ihc phia^e,
c may we not use all the means which God and n.itmo have
put in our power to subjugate the colonies1" ha* passed
into a legend of infamy against the leadei uf that Minify
who used it in Pailiaineiju Shall hi«toiy teach us in vain ;
Could we iu-tify ouiselves to ouiselvcs? Although with
tit iris in our hands, amid the ravage wildness of camp and
field, we may have blunted many of the liner inot.il sensi
biliTie.s, in letting loose fom millions of woise than savages
upon the homes and heauhs ot J lie South, can w e be justi-
fied to the Cluistian eonnuunit} of Massachusetts? Would
such a couise be consonant with the teachings of our lioly
religion ? i have a veiy decided opinion upon the subject,
and if any one desiies—and I know your excellency does
not—this unhappy contest to be. prosecuted in that manner,
some instrument other than myself must he found to catry
it on."
General McClellan, in his address to the cit-
izens of Virginia when he entered that Stateat the
head of his gallant army, proclaimed to her citizens
the following encouiaging words:
" Notwithstanding all that has been said by the trailers
to induce > ou to believe that our advent amongymi will he
Mgiiali/.ed'byinieifeiimr with your slaves, undeistand one
thing eleatly . not only will we abstain liom all such mtei-
teience. but we will, on the contraty, with an 11011 hand,
ctusli any attempt at insurrection on their part."
On the 23d day of Apul, 1861, Mr. Seward,
wi iting to Mr. Dayton, our minister at the Court
of the Emperor Napoleon, and treating of the
subject of the present rebellion, said: $
" T need not fuither elaborate the pioposition that the
icvolution is without a cause; it has not even a pretext.
•• It isjtist as cleartb.it is without an object. Moial and
physical cause- have determined mflexiblytheeharacter of
each one of the Teintories over winch the dispute has
aiwon. and both pai aft* t the election, harmoniously
a<need' on all the Fedeial law- lequited for flx-ir oigamza-
tion. TheTeinto;ieswill remain in all lespectstlie same,
whether the revolution shall succeed or shall fad The
conditio!; ot slaveiy in the seveial States will remain just
the same whethei it succeed oi fail. There is not even a
pretext lor the complaint that the disaffected State- are to
be eonqueted by the United States it the revolution (ail;
for the right-* of the States, and the condition of eveiy hu-
man being in them will lemain subject to exactly the same
laws and "tonns of administration whether the rewdution
shall succeed or fail. In the one ca-id the State-! would be
federally connected with the new confederacy; in the
other they would, as now, be members ot the United States;
hut their constitutions and laws, customs, habits, and insti-
tution.-, in either case, will remain the -anie.
<4 Jr ishatdly neee*-aiy to add to tins incontestable state-
ment the lurlher tact that the new t'ic-idcnt, a-well as the
Citizens tluough whose sufiiag-'s he has conn, into tho Ad-
nnnutiation, lias alwavs icpudiated all design* whatcvci,
and whenever imputed" to him and them of disturbing the
system of slavery as it i.-> existing under the Constitution
and laws. The case, however, would not be fully presented
if I were to omit to say that any such effort on his part
would bo unconstitutional, and ail his actions? in that direc-
tion would be prevented by the judicial authority, even
though they weie assented to by Congress and the people."
Under date of April 10,1861, Mr. Seward wrote
to Mr. Adams, the American minister to Eng-
land; and in his official instructions to him, spoke
as follows:
"You will indulge in no expressions of harshness ordis-
respect, or even impatience, concerning the seceded States,
their agents, or their people; but you will, on the contrary,
all the while remember that those States are now, as they
always heietoforc have been, and, notwithstanding their
temporary self-delusion, they must always continue to be,
equal and honored members of this Federal Union, and that
their citizens, throughout all political misunderstandings
and alienations, still" are and always must be our kindled
and countrymen."
1 will quote no more, though much more re-
mains, to establish the position assumed by the
Administration, by Congress, and the officers of
the Army, that this war (being forced upon the
United States) is to be prosecuted for the main-
tenance of the Constitution and the restoration of
the Union as it was. To give it now a different
purpose, to wage it for the destruction of the
States, the abolition of slavery, would be a fraud
so infamous that it would call down upon its au-
thors the anathemas of all good and honest men.
Your names are recorded in the Journal; they
cannot be obliterated. What are you now doing
by these bills? You are determined to make this
a war to emancipate the slaves; your leaders in
this House have said they arc not for the Union
as it was; unless sfavcry is abolished, they want
no Union. What is your Army doing at this time
in this District with the slaves of the State of
Maryland? The slaves of the citizens of Mary-
land are seduced by the promise of freedom and
protection of the Army to (lock into this District.
The attempt to return them under and in obedience
to the Constitution and laws of the United States
by the judiciary is openly resisted; and the slaves
taken by order of the military Governor of this
District, by armed force out of jail, are hbeiated
and secreted, and the jailor^and deputy marshal
and his jailor imprisoned. Tins is done in the
presence of the Executive and Congress, and no
step, no order made to rebuke the outrage. Well
may it have been said by a major general of the
Army, "now we have only extra constitutional
government; no civil rights, so to speak/*
i have said if the owneis of slaves of the South
suffer by the efforts to put down the rebellion
by the legal and constitutional operations of the
Army, the consequences are legitimate, and I
shall make no complaint, no opposition. What
I have objected to, and what I shall object to, is,
that some of the officers in command of divisions
and squads are guilty of seducing the slaves to
run away from their owners and seek protection
in the Army; and this Congress has approved it,
and by law aided and abetted the illegal practice.
Under this system of wrong you are now misap-
plying the money appropriated to feed and support
the Army in feeding and clothing runaway ne-
groes. The Government, without law, has en-
gaged m the business of planting cotton undei the
auspices of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
at the expense of the tax paying people. 1 have
some curious and amusing facts relating to this
subject, but 1 pass them by.
All this is bad enough, but the purpose of arm-
ing these runaway and captured negtoes as sol-
diers to be mustered into the army upon an equal-
ity with the white volunteer citizen soldier has
been determined on. 1 see the fact stated. It is
not contradicted. I have by written request to
the War Department asked if it was true that
General Hunter is ordered orpermitted to organ-
ize a brigade of these slaves and rcccivc them into
the military service of the United States. 1 have
no reply. I was unwilling to believe this, and
now the conviction is forced upon me against my
will.
Mr. Speaker, what can I say, what language
can I use that will be respectful to this House,
and sufficiently strong to express my abhorrence
of the act. 1 have introduced a bill to prohibit this
outrage, this wrong upon humanity, this stigma
uponUie character of the nation which no repent-
ance, not of long rolling years, will efface I have
no hope that it will pass either House of Con-
