264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Walton.
Ho. oi? Reps,
gress. My only hope is in tlie President. He has
the power, and can revoke the hellish order. The
effect of this negro army will be what I fear some
desire. It will excite an insurrection of the blacks
of the States wherever these armed slaves shall
go. Put arms into the hands of slaves, and you
cannot control them or discipline them to obedi-
ence. We shall soon have, in addition to the evils
and sorrows of a civil war, added to our affliction
the horrors of a servile insurrection, the extent of
which no man can tell. May God in his mercy
so overrule those inpowerthat this evil shall not
be done.
Mr. Speaker, I had intended to have discussed
the policy of these bills, which propose to confis-
cate the whole property of the people of eleven
States, and to emancipate four millions of slaves
in the midst of this population, thus stripped of
homes and the means of living in the country of
their fathers. The statement of the object and
cffect of these bills is enough to shock the sensi-
bility of every man who has a soul to be saved by
pardoning grace. There are those who now ad-
vocate these measures upon the mistaken honest
opinion that they are right and will aid in the
restoration of the peace and union of the country.
To such allow me to say they will find themselves
in error. Those who ao not want the Union re-
stored will not be disappointed; they will live to
see the country ruined,aConstitution disregarded,
and military despotism triumphant over the life,
liberty, and property of the citizen.
Mr. Speaker, [ may be blamed by some for the
opinions I have expressed. Be it so. I have the
consolation of knowing that I am not influenced
by a desire to give aid or countenance to this re-
bellion.
It has been said in this House that Kentucky
was slow and unwilling to unite her destinies with
the Union party in the effort to suppress by force
this rebellion. She was unwilling: she was anx-
ious to preserve a position not hostile to the Union,
but such an one as would allow her at the right
time and in the proper manner to exert her power,
not by arms, but by Reason, with her sister States,
to stay the ravages of war, to try and adjust the
difficulties honorably to both sections, and thus
restore to harmony that Union so dear to all. He
who thinks she will not strike for the honor and
glory of our common country when duty requires,
knows nothing of her past history. Our fathers,
after the treaty of peace in 1783, were loft in the
then district of country separated by a mountain-
ous wilderness from the most of the States. The
heroic struggles of Kentucky with the savages, if
now recorded, would be regarded by many as fab-
ulous. Kentucky, under the lead of Wayne, in
1794, closed the war of the Revolution on the bat-
tle-fields of Ohio. In the battle-fields of Tippe-
canoe, of the Raisin, of the Thames, of New Or-
leans, and later, in Mexico, the blood of her sons
consecrated the soil. Her soldiers now in the
field still maintain her fame.
1 read and referred to the resolution of Congress
to which you gave your undivided assent and
vote. I put the question to you and appeal to you
as men of honor, have you not determined in coun-
cil to disregard this pledge to the world? Have
you not wittingly passed laws at this session, in
relation to the Army, and forcing it, if need be, to
aid your purposes of emancipation in the prosecu-
tion of the war, which you said was waged for no
purpose of revenge, but to preserve the Govern-
ment and restore the Union, without destroying
the State governments or interfering with their do-
mestic institutions? I appeal to that tribunal, the
people, whose judgment will condemn you.
Efforts have been made in this House, by reso-
lution which you refused, to obtain the facts as
to the operation of your measures, to know out of
what appropriation of the people's money, raised
for the support of the Army, runaway negroes
were supported, cotton plantations stocked and
worked by and at the expense of the Government.
I see it stated upon the authority of a report of a
committee, that the idle slaves at Portress Monroe
alone have cost us for their support $62,000 foi
the last five months. This is but a small item of
the whole expense.
Sir, I have a word to say which is personal to
myself. When the selfish and sectional action of
bad men, North and South, the unholy contest for
power and plunder threatened the peace and the
dissolution of the Union, I was where my age and
condition of life required me to be, at home in
private life. Nearly fifty years of my life has been
devoted to the service of a country and Govern-
ment I loved. I had shared her honors and her
dangers, rejoiced in her prosperity, loved almost
to idolatry her Constitution, the bond of our
Union. I contemplated with pride her progress,
power, and glory. She seemed to me of all na-
tions to be blessed of God. To save her from de-
struction I was and am now ready to make any
sacrifice which honor and obedience to the Con-
stitution will allow. Old and crippled, unsuited
to the turmoil of political strife, my fellow-citizens
have sent me hereto do all I can to aid those who,
like them and myself, desire a restoration of the
Union as it was, the preservation of the Constitu-
tion, and the enforcement of the laws. I have
honestly and faithfully attempted to carry out their
will, and he who, in this House or out of it, whis-
pers aught against the verity of this declaration,
or insinuates that I am not faithful and true to the
Union, falsifies, and the truth is not in him.
In the presence of that God to whom we are all
accountable, I declare my opinion that these meas-
ures are violative of the Constitution, not designed
by those who have advocated them to effect the
restoration of the Union as it was, but that they
are an effort of the Abolitionists to prevent such a
result, to convert this war into an abolition war—
into a John Brown raid upon a national scale.
From your acts, I appeal to the American people
to rally to the rescue, and save their country. I
say to them if they desire peace, if they desire
the preservation of the Constitution,the restora-
tion of the Union as it was, by the exercise of
that power for good under the Constitution and
in the Union, remove from their places those men
who have for years striven to destroy this Gov-
ernment, whose rallying cry is that the " Consti-
tution is an agreement with death and a covenant
with hell." This party has increased in num-
bers, become bold and insolent in power, arid
must be overcome, or the Government our fathers
gave us will soon be no more.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. E. P. WALTON,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 18g2.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude tho slaves of
rebels—
Mr. WALTON, ofVermont, said:
Mr. Speaker: Tiler® are many things involved
in the questions before the House in which I
believe a very large majority in each branch of
Congress agree, and indeed in most things that
are essential. It is agreed that treason and re-
bellion are monstrous crimes, if so it be that the
two are not always to be resolved into that one
greatest crimc known to the laws. It is agreed
that the punishment should be both certain and
terrible, to the ends that this generation may have
justice, and their children security for future tran-
•quillity. It is agreed that treason must not be
made easy, nor civil war, with its concomitants
of wholesale robbery, piracy, and murder, go un-
avenged. It is agreed that death is a deserved
punishment, at least for the chief conspirators
and controlling actors in the crime. It is agreed
also by most members of this body, and by all
I presume with whom it is my choice politically
to act, that as slavery was the chief cause of the
attempted ruin of the country, so ought it to be
the chief sufferer. And finally it is agreed that,
either as an addition to or alternative for the pun-
ishment of death, and in some mode—by confisca-
tion, fine, or forfeiture—the guilty should be forced
to make some atonement and compensation for
their crime through their property.
This agreement in all the important results to
be accomplished is exhibited in two schemes now
before the House. These are that which is em-
braced in two bills reported from a select commit-
tee of tho House by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] the one confiscating the
property of rebels and the other emancipating
their slaves, and the substitute for both of these
bills, which I have proposed by way of amend-
ment to each. The substitute I have offered is in
substance the bill reported by a select committee
ofthe Senate, with two important amendments bor-
rowed from a substitute moved by my colleague,
[Mr. Morrill.] The fact that these schemes are
the results of the labors of special committees of
both Houses commend them to favorable consid-
eration; and the further fact that both agree sub-
stantially in results, differing mainly in modps,
gives assurance that a substantial and satisfactory
act is within our reach. We have only to har-
monize the difference in modes. I believe that the
demands of justice, as well as the demands and
just expectations of our constituents, will secure
the enactment of some statute embracing the pur-
poses of the two schemes I have named; and I am
solicitous only for the success of that which shall
fully comport with our constitutional powers, and
will therefore be most efficient; because such an
act, and such only, can ever be carried into effect
by the Executive and sustained by the courts.
The enactment of an unconstitutional and inef-
fective statute would be an insult to our constit-
uents, a mockery of justice, and proof of the
grossest infidelity to our high trust. It would be
criminal in us so to trifle with the gravest ques-
tions of criminal jurisprudence.
I have said the two schemes agree substantially
in contemplated results. The House scheme
leaves the penalty of death untouched, and the
effect of it will be to add the loss of slaves and
the forfeiture of property to the penalty of death.
It is a reversal of the rule—" to De hung and pay
forty shillings." We are to take the property
when we can find it, and hang the owner when we
can catch him. The Senate scheme, which I have
proposed, agrees in retaining the death penalty
for past treason, and differs in providing the alter-
native of death to the traitor and emancipation of
his slaves, or his imprisonment, together with a
heavy fine, reaching all the property, if the court
shall deem that proper, and the emancipation of
his slaves for future offenses. It differs also in
defining conspiracy to subvert the Government by
force, or inciting to rebellion or insurrection, as
new crimes, and provides punishment for those
crimes. These provisions have been rendered ne-
cessary by decisions of the Supreme Court, (cited
in Brightly's Digest, p. 9,) and the second section
of the Senate bill is therefore a valuable feature.
These are crimes heretofore unprovided for.
As to slavery, both schemes agree in emanci-
pating the slaves of rebels, and also in barring
disloyal persons from recovery of fugitives. But
there are very material differences in favor of the
substitute I have proposed,and th£$e are additions
to the Senate scheme. These are that no dis-
charged slave, or descendants of a discharged
slave, shall ever be reenslaved by any authority
whatever; that the court in discharging shall give
to each slave a certificate of freedom, which shall
be a protection forever to the person discharged,
and to all descendants; and that if any person so
discharged and declared free shall be arrested as
a slave, any judge of a United States court shall
discharge such person on habeas corpus, and pun-
ish the offender as a kidnapper. These provisions
were taken from the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Morrill,] and I submit that they are abso-
lutely necessary to give practical and permanent
effect to whatever scheme of emancipation we may
adopt. Emancipation will be in vain, if every
slave State may again fasten the chain we have
broken. A mere legislative declaration of free-
dom to the slaves of rebels, without any process
to carry it into effect, without any record proof
of the fact of freedom, without a certificate of that
fact in the hands of every person emancipated,
and without any guard against future bondage,
would but mock the hopes of multitudes who are
waiting for deliverance. Yetsuch, I am sorry to
say, is the House scheme. It is just that, and
nothing else ; and I regard it as little better than
the late proclamation of a most worthy man and
excellent officer who liatls from my own State,
General Phelps, or than that later proclamation
of General Hunter, which the President, in the
execution of his own policy of emancipation, was
forced to ignore.
