762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Peatee, Pomeroy, Powell, Sau!s>buiy, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Thomson* Wilkinson, Wiltey, and Wilson
of Massachusetts—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and the question was stated
to be upon its passage.
Mr. HALE. I shall be obliged to record my
vote against the bill, and I shall occupy but two
or three minutes in stating the reasons why. The
bill appropriates about seven millions of dollars
at this time for fortifications; many of them new
fortifications, as I understand.
Mr FESSENDEN. None of them new.
Mr. HALE. None at all ?
Mr. FOSTER. Not one.
Mr. HALE. Here is an appropriation of
$750,000 for the northern frontier, including works
at Oswego, Buffalo, Niagara, Detroit, and Macki-
naw. Are none of these new?
Mr. KING. I understand that some of them
are new works, and there was an appropriation
of $500,000 for temporary works in Maine—new
works.
Mr. HALE. They are substantially new,
whether they are so technically or not, and some
of them* I am told by my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes.] are entirely new.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill originally con-
tained an appropriation of $750,000 fo% certain
works on the lakes. None of these works were
new; but, on motion, several others were put in,
buM.besum was not increased. An appropriation
has also been put at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, to be used if occasion .sluill require it, for the
crection of temporary works, principally on the
coast of New Hampshire and Maine.
Mr. HALE. I did not know there was any-
thing in for the coast of New Hampshire,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Portsmouth is in.
Mr. HALE. That is one of the contingent
appropriations, 1 suppose?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is to be expended in
case a necessity should arise.
Mr. HALE. The bill appropriates an unusu-
ally largo sum for fortifications, at a time when it-
seems to mo the Treasury can ill aiford it, and it
is very certain that none of the fortifications pro-
posed to be built and continued by this bill can
no made available for purposesof defense or attack
in the present war in which we aie now engaged.
Mr, FESSENDEN. All of them.
Mr. HALE. The Senator says all of them
nan. How is it, possible that the fortification at
the narrows of the Penobscot river can be used in
this war ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not quite finished,
but it is neaily ready now. It. will only require
about $150,000 to 'make it available.
Mr. HALE. Foi the present war? It. can he
defended if attacked; but what piohability, what
possibility is there that it will be attacked"? You
might as well put a fortification on the top of
Mount Washington, New Hampshire, and say it
was for defense in the piesent, war in ease the
rebels should see fit t.  attack it. Practically this
bill ha<5 nothing at all to do with the present war.
j t is prospective. 11 looks to other llungs than the
prosecution of this wu .• or the defense of the coun-
try in it; and it appropriates $7,000,000, when we,
need every dollar we can beg and bonow, and I
had almost said steal, but the stealing is iheotiu r
way. Wu want eveiy dollar we can command m
every possible way for the piosecution of the pres-
ent wai; and it seems to rue to he unu ise to dnert
so large a sum to this object at this time.
Besides that, iet me tell you this is but the be-
ginning of a. If you appropriate this money for
fortifications this year, you will have next year
to appiopviate as large a sum or a laiger one. You
will extend fortifications all over the coast of the
lakes, and what will he the result? The British
will build fortifications on their side of the lakes.
"We shall have both sides of the lakes bristling
with lot tifications, and then you wifl have to keep
up a large .standing army then-; and when you do
that the British will have another laigo standing
armv there. \ on are entr-rins; on a system of ex
penditure whi' h, to my mind, is unnecessary, to
say the least, and inexpedient. However, sir, 1*
do not intend to occupy the time of the Senate; I
simply give the reasons for mv own vote against
the bill."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Clark, Col-
lamei, Cowan, Doolittle, Fes-sendon, Foot. Foster, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Howe, King, Latham, McDougali, Mor-
rllij Nesimth, Saulsbuiy, Simmons, Sunnier, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts,
ami Wilson of Missouri—28.
NAYS—Mes&id. Davis, Dixon, Grimes, Hale, Hender-
son, Lane of Indiana, Pomeroy, Powell, Sherman, and
Trumbull—10.
So the bill was passed.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 197) for the pppointment of a
warden of the jail in the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move the
reference of the bill to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and before the question is put
I desire to make a very brief statemeent. Itwill
be remembered that some days ago the Secretary
of State issued an order, the object of which was to
clear the jail of the District of Columbia of persons
held there under the claim of being fugitive slaves.
This order was received, of couise, at that jail,
with a disposition to evade it if possible, because
it is well known that the jail is under the control
of the marshal's deputy, Mr. Phillips, and is un-
der the superintemlcncy of a negro thief by the
name of Wise. In order to evade the strict exe-
cution of this order, a person held in the jail owned
by a man by the name of Chapman, in Charles
county, Maryland, himself a secessionist, was
taken out of the jail before a justice of the peace,
in order to be formally committed. This person
had been putin the jail by this man Wise, who
visits the various regiments and portions of the
country about here, and steals negroes whenever
lie can lay his hands upon them. A week ago
last Saturday he went to the Rhode Island regi-
ment and stole a negro there. The negro got
away from him, although some of the men of the
regiment were compelled to stand guard over him
for awhile. This person, claimed as a slave, and
put in the jail as the slave of a Maryland seces-
sionist, was committed back to the pnson foi a
number of days. Believing that the order to com-
mit him back to the prison to evade the execution
of the order of the Secretaiy of Stale, was a direc-
tion to send him back to his master, he determ-
ined to escape. He cut up his blanket and made
a rope and let himself down out of the prison.
There was a space of nearly fifty feet before he
could icach thcgiound. He fell several feet upon
some boards, which called the attention of the
guards to him, and he so harmed himself that he
could notget over the prison wall. lie was found,
and a loaded revolver was placed at his breast.
He told the man who found him to shoot him,
that he had rather die than be sent back to his
master. For this offense, of attempting to get his
hbei t y, he was put in a dungeon in the jail. That
was -not enough, sir, hut then his hands and feet
were tied over a bai rel, and he was " cobbed," as
they call it. After these punishments, yesteiday
morning at five o'clock he was taken out of the
jail and sent to a slave pen in the city of Baltimore.
Now, sir, I want it understood in the Senate'
and in the country and by the men who, on their
bended knees and over their Bibles, piayed in the
year 1800 for an end to these crimes agau.st hu-
manity, that this man Wise, this negro thief, who
is the superintendent of the jail, is there to-day
by our votes and our influence, and we are respons-
ible for it bcfoie the nation and before Almighty
God; and for one I wash my hands of the crime,
and I denounce it. I have brought this bill in,
and I want it to go to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia to take the jail from the care of
Marshal Lamon and his negro-catching creatures,
and put it under a warden appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States and confirmed by this
Senate, and I commend it to their consideration.
Mr. HALE. I do not like to let this thing go
exactly so, sir. I want the eounti y to understand
it, and I want the blame to rest whcic it belongs.
When Congress began to investigate the condi-
tion of this jail and its management, the marshal
of the District, at that moment, issued an o?dor
foibiddir.g every Senator and Representative to
enter theie. The Senate, by a unanimous vote,
without a division, icsolved that by that order the
i marshal was m contempt of the rightful authority
of this body, and of the privileges of the mem-
bers of the body, and they directed a copy of that
resolution to be sent to the President of the Uni-
ted States; and I say if that man is now in pos-
session of the jail and in discharge of the duties
and functions of marshal of the District, as is
alleged by the Senator from Massachusetts, the
responsibility does not rest upon the Senate, but
it rests upon the President of the United States,
who has been officially notified, by a unanimous
vote of this body, of the doings of this man. That
is all I have to say.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
ISSUE OF UNITED STATES NOTES.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the bill (H.
R. No. 240) to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the ledemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless all the amend-
ments arc to be read through, it would not be im-
portant to read that now., If.it is only intended
to read them all without taking a vote upon any,
it may be well enough. If not, I propose to make
some remarks to the Senate before the reading of
the amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Let the first amend-
ment be read; and when the question is stated on
that, the Senator can submit his remarks.
The Secretary read the first amendment, re-
ported by the committee, to strike out in the
third, fourth, and fifth lines of the first section the
words, " to meet the necessities of the Treasury
of the United States, and to provide a currency
receivable for the public dues."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is immaterial, T sup-
pose, what amendment the question is on. I be-
lieve, however, that is merely formal.
I propose, Mr. President, before any question
is taken upon any one of the amendments to make
some remaiks upon this bill. They may be very
dull and dry, for it is rather a dry subject; but
still it becomes my duty, as the organ of the Com-
i mittee on Finance, to explain the provisions of the
bill.
Befoic proceeding to do that, however, I wish
to say a few words upon another, though perhaps
a collateral subject, and that is, the position of
Congress in relation to all these bills regarding the *
currency. I should not do so, but for the obser-
vations that fell from my friend and colleague on
the committee from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the
other day, which struck me with some force as
coming from him, and a few remarks of a similar
nafu id from the Senator fiom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson-,] the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, when a bill relating to the Army was
under discussion. The particular remarks made
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, to which I
allude,are found in his speech upon that subject.
He said:
T do not, blame any one; imt I know that while the
Army ha* been delaying, we too have been delaying. While
we have sat here, out eieriit has been impaired. Wc have
as j et taken no kteps to maintain the ciedit of the Govci n-
ment. It i* idle to t>ay to me. that all these measures re-
quite time and deliberation. We hav^ not given them that
Uine am! that dclibeiatmu , hut we hnvu wasted it on other
pui-uit-; ami theietore, while wo complain of othcis, let
us at least take pait of the fault ourselves."
These remarks were consequent upon some ob-
servations made by the honorable Senator with
regard to the Army. Upon that subject I do not
propose to take issue with him; but I feel bound,
connected as I am with these financial measures,
to say something with regard to the position of
Congress upon them.
I do not agree with the Senatoi that Congress
is in any fault upon this subject. If there is fault
anywhere it arose from what the Senator himself
took an active part in and I did not, and that was
m procuring the adjournment of Congress sub-
stantially over all the holidays in the month of
December. With the exception of that time, I
have not been able to see that the time of Con-
gress has been wasted, or, rather, that we are sub-
ject to any reproach for a want of proper attention
to the position of the country. Why, sir, we all
