2744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
opportunity of a personal examination, what
would be have done?
" Tho SPEAKER. No further discussion is in
order.  
The question was taken on Mr. Rice's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
• Mr. STEVENS. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment to tho ehairmarf of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, "Hie section provides that the member
«hall send in no less than seven names of appli-
cants. I suppose it would be better to qualify that
By adding, " provided that that number offer."
Otherwise, if so many do not offer, he would have
to pick up some. I offer that amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. In a well-populated dis-
trict there will be no difficulty of that kind.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Missouri?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DUNN. 1 move to fix the time for the
1st of August, instead of the 1st of July.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman from
Indiana will give way one moment, 1 desire, in
this connection, to ask a question of the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, ltis whether
the right of appointment is to be exercised by the
out-going member or the in-coming member—
whether this Congress or the next Congress is to
appoint?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The member who is in
office when the vacancy occurs is to make the
appointment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. In the Military Acad-
emy, although a vacancy may occur in July next,
a member of the present Congress is authorized
to make the appointment. This bill changes the
rule in that regard.
Mr. DUNN. I know nothing about that to
which the gentleman from Illinois refers. The
reason why I want the amendment made is this:
sometimes a vacancy occurs at the final examina-
tion of the academy, which takes place about the
latter pai t of May or the beginning of June. That
allows but a month within which to make the se-
lection, which is too short a time. The 1st of
August would give time enough.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 have no objection
to the amendment. 1 adopted the time prescribed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was so modified.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend the amendment by substituting " eigh-
teen "for " seventeen ;"so as to make it read "from
fourteen to eighteen years of age."
Tfheamendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following proviso:
Proi ithtl, Ttifu twenty fiveofttlu boy.-, in tile naval ser-
vice, best qualified (or the place, on the recommendation of
theSecrctaiyof theNavy.i.ha.11 be appointed to saulschool
by tlie President.
It appears to me, Mi*. Speaker, that in making
provision for cadets at the Naval School we ought
not to lose sight of the boys before the mast. I
think we should let a little chance of promotion be
extended to that humble class. J doubt not but
that many worthy officers of tho Navy would
arise hereafter to bear testimony to the wisdom
and propriety of such a course; I have no doubt
but that many boys are to be found before the mast
of vigorous intellect, of proper aspirations, sus-
ceptible of naval education, who would do honor
to and justify their selection on the part of the
Naval Department for placcsat that school. We
know it from the recent action below New Or-
leans, where a gallant boy distinguished himself
in such a conspicuous manner as to attract the no-
tice of his captain, and break through those pio-
fessional prejudices which had hitherto made an
impassable gulf between sailors and officers. We
know that the hope of promotion held out to the
soldier stimulates to heroic deeds; and I am happy
to think that heroism is not the birth-right of any
class.
The question was taken on Mr,Wadsworth's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. D(JN^. I propose the same amendment as
that offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, only
making the number ten instead of twenty-live. I
think it would be a proper stimulant to youths in
the Navy to let them look forward to this promo-
tion. I have no doubt that it would have a'happy
effect upon them, and induce a better class of boys
to join the Navy .-Piomotion would not then de-
pend on the favoritism of members of Congress,
or on the partiality of the President; and it would
be felt that there was but one ground, that of
merit alone, on which promotion in the Navy
could be obtained.
Mr. HOLM AN. I suggest to my colleague to
make the number twenty instead of ten.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is already
a provision in the bill that the President may ap-
point ten students at the Naval Academy, at large.
If any of the boys in the Navy distinguish them-
selves, or show that they possess a high order of
talent, ] have very little doubt that the President,
on the recommendation of the officers on board
that ship, would be willing to confer appointments
to the Naval Academy on those boys. There is,
therefore, no need of the amendment. The Pres-
ident has now that power.
Mr. DUNN withdrew the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri, as amended.
Mr. SEDGrWICK called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER decided, on a count, that the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SEDGWICK demanded tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sedgwick, and
Mr. Browne of Rhode Island, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
thirty-five in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Babbitt, Baily, Bingham, Jacob
B.Blau, George II. Biowue, William G. Blown, Buffin-
ton, Calveit, Ca«ev, Clements, Cobb, Colin*, Cravens,
Dawes, Delano, Dunlap, Dunn, Gooeb, Gnder, Gurley,
Harding, Ilauison, Ilolman, Hooper, Horton, Francis W.
Kellogg, WilIiamKdlogg, Kerrigan, Law, Lazear, Lcaiy,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Malloiy, Mavnard, Menzies, Mitchell,
Odell, John S. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Price, Richardson,
Robinson, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Shellabargei, Shiel,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin P.
Thomas, Fiancis Thomas, Tumble, Van Ilotn, Voorhees,
WatMvorth, Wallace, Walton, Ward, Washburne, Chilton
A. Whif1, Wiekhffi', Wjndom, Wood, ancl Wright—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Aid rich, William J. Allen, Arnold,
Ashley, Beaman, Blake, Buinhaui, Chamberlin, Roseoe
Conkling, Cutler, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton,
Frank, Hale, Ilutehins, Julian, ICeMey, Low, McPher?on,
Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill, Olhi, Pomeroy, Potter, Alex-
ander II. Iliec, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Stevens, Trowbtidge, Albeit S. White,
and Wilson—.37.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. X^HELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon- i
sidertho vote by which the amendment was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The remaining sections of the bill were read, as
follows:
Sec. 13. Jliul be it farther enactcd, That tho three senior
admirals shall wear a square blue flag at the mainmast
head ; the next three at the foiema&t head, and all others
at the mizzen.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the relative rank
between officers of ihe Navy and Army -shall be as follows,
lineal lank only to becormdeiert ; aduuuils with majoi gen-
eials ; commodores with brigadier generals ; captains with
colonels; commanders wnh lieutenant colonels; lieutenant
commander*, with majois; lieutenants with captain's; mas-
ter? with fir^t lieutenant* ; ensigns wnh second lieutenants.
Sec 15. And be it further enactcd, That theie may be al-
lowed upon the i cured list nine admirals and eighteen com-
mofioies. The admnais shall be selected by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, from
those captains who have given the most faithful service to
theii country. The eighteen commodores shall be iceom-
mended from the U*t ot captains by an advisory boaid of
admitals. No officer shall be promoted, as above, except
those whose recoid in the service and at the Department is
without repioach. After the above numbeis arc commis-
sioned, promotion to those grade* upon the retired hstt-hall
be by seniority, subject to an advisorv boaid.
See. 16. And be it further enactcd-, That the Secretary of
the Navy be directed to prepare a graduated schedule of "pay
ot tile line officers promoted and established by thi« act,so
as not to ineiease the pay in the aggregate, and submit the
same immediately to Congress.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I wish to remark,
in reference tothis last section, that it seems rather
vague and indefinite. I am not myself able to in-
dicate what should be the scale of pay for this
new class of officers we have created, and I desire
to inquire of the gentleman from NewYork [Mr.
Sedgwick] whether it is proposed that the Secre-
tary of the Navy should recommend a scale of
compensation to Congress for its future action.
Mr. SEDGWICK. That is the requirement of
the section. Now, Mr. Speaker, if there be no
further amendments, I move the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Would a motion to
postpone the bill be in order?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the call for the
previous question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I trust the gentleman
will withdraw that demand. I would like to move
to postpone the further consideration of the bill,
ana, with the consent of the House, to occupy
five minutes in advocacy of the motion.
Mr. SEDGWICK. A vote of the House to
postpone at this stage of the session would be
equivalent to the rejection of the bill, and there-
fore I must decline to withdraw the demand.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Tho motion I propose
to make is to postpone until the next session, and
I trust I shall be permitted to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WADSWORTH called for tellers on or-
dering the main question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. W ads worth, and
Mr. Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty, a further count not being demanded.
So the main question was ordered.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SEDGWICK called the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 7G, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Beaman,
Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, George II. Biowne, Buf-
finton, Burnham, Casey, Chambeihn,Cobb, Colfax, Ro*coe
Conkling, Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot,
Ely, English, Fen ton, Frank, Gooch, Gurley, Hale, Ilan-
chett, Ilaru&on, Hooper, Iiorton, Ilutehms, Julian. Kelley,
Franci-s W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Leary, Loomis,
Liovejov, Low, McPherson, Mooihead, Justm S. IVIoiilll,
Odell, Olin, JolinS. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Poitcr, Pot-
tei, Alexander II. Rice, Riddle, Edward JI. Rollins, James
S. Rollins Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, John B.
Steele, Stevens!, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Tiimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Wall, Ward,
Washburne. Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
cester—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Baily, Calvert, Ciavrns, Dunlap, Grider,
Ilaiding, Holman, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Mailoiy, May-
no rd, Menzte?, Anson P. Mot rill, Pendleton, llichaid.son,
Robinson, WilhamG. Steele, Voorhees, Wadsvvorth, Wal-
ton, WiekhtTo, Wood, and Wright—24.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsiderthevote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from tho President of the United
States was received by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he had, on
the 14th instant, approved and signed a joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 68) authorizing the payment
of certain moneys heietofore appropriated for the
completion of the Washington aqueduct.
NAVY DEPARTMENT REORGANIZATION.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 177, to
reorganize the Navy Department of the United
States, with amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. Are the amendments printed?
Mr. SEDGWICK. They are not. They are,
however,unimportant, and can be acted on intelli-
gently in connection with the bill, which is printed.
The bill was read, as follows:
An act to reorganize the Navy Department of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Americain Congress assembled, That
there shall be attached to the Navy Depaitment the follow-
ing bureau-, to wit: Fim, a Bureau of Yards and Docks.
Second, a Bureau of Equipment and Reciuiting. Third, a
Bureau of Hvdio<*raphy. Fourth, a Bureau of Ordnance.
Fifth, a Uureauot Construction and Repair. Sixth, a Bu-
reau of Steam Engineering. Seventh, a Bureau of Piovis-
ions and Clothing. Eighth, a Bureau of Medicine and
Suigery.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacfed, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
