1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$68
know—it has been stated here before—that so far
as the Senate is concerned we could not get
these bills until they came from the House of Rep-
resentatives; and that is a sufficient answeron our
part. So far as the House is concerned, I see no
cause for complaint. My honorable friend must
recollect—he has given attention enough to the
subject to be aware—that bills providing for the
raising of revenue are bills which require very
great study and deliberation; and I feel bound to
say for the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives, that I believe no com-
mittee belonging to any body in the woild ever
devoted time more assiduously and more atten-
tively to their particular duties upon these subjects
than has that committee.
The honorable Secretary of the Treasury at the
beginning of this session recommended two meas-
ures. He recommended taxation and a bank.
Both these subjects require at this stage of the
country, and under existing circumstances, pecu-
liar and long consideration. The opinion of the
country has tended towards what is called indi-
rect taxation, taxation upon different American
and other products, and different kinds of piop-
erty. Sir, that requires great time. I have ex-
amined it sufficiently to be aware that it is not the
labor of a day or a week or a month. It is sub-
stantially new in this country, and it requires much
time, much study, and much information to ac-
quire all the knowledge of the various products
which would be likely to produce a revenue, and
upon which a tax might with propriety be laid.
So, too, with reference to the scheme suggested
by the honorable Secretary of the Treasury with
regard to a bank. And yet, notwithstanding all
that, a bill of that description has been reported.
"With regard to the particular bill now before the
Senate, we all know that itwasresorted to as atem-
porary measure, not in the beginning, but in con-
sequence of the necessities of the Treasury, aris-
ing from a greater expenditure than the Secretary
could have imagined, and arising from the neces-
sary delay with reference to other measures. Can
it be said that a measure like the one now pending
before the Senate and the country is a measure of
a day or ail hour? Why, sir, what does it pro-
pose? It proposes something utterly unknown in
this Government from its foundation; a resort to
a measure of doubtful constitutionality, to say the
least of it, which has always been denounced as
ruinous to the credit of any Government which has
recourse to it; a measure, too, about which opin-
ions in the community are divided as perhaps they
never have been divided upon any other subject;
a measure which when it has been tried by other
countries, as it often has been, has always proved
a disastrous failure. Sir, it could hardly be ex-
pected that a measure of this description, brought
into the House of Representatives and the Senate
for the first time in the history of I he country, in-
volving questions of such infinite importance, not
only with reference to to-day, bat with reference
to the future, to all time, because it is setting a
precedent which may be followed, should be taken
up and passed at once as we pass appropriation
bills. It needed long, careful, and vigorous dis-
cussion . It has had it in the other branch of Con-
gress. I have read that discussion from beginning
to end. Jt has been able and clear upon both sides
of the question. The subject deserved that dis-
cussion ; and the House of Representatives would
have been faulty if it had suffered a measure of
this kind to be passed without its having under-
gone a discussion which should not only enlighten
the House but enlighten the country upon all the
aspects of it. Shall Congress be considered in
fault because they have not before acted, or did
not act hastily, upon a measure of that description?
I think not, sir. The time has been well spent;
and although I regret as much as any man can
regret that we have not been able to act more
promptly, I see no fault to be imputed anywhere;
not in the other House of Congress, and certainly
not in this; for it has reached this body as soon
as it could possibly reach it when yon consider
the nature of the questions that were to be dicussed
by the committee to whom it was leferred.
I have already said that we have never attempted
to resort to such a measure before. "We have had
a wui with England since our Government was
fbrmeil; and if 1 am rightly informed, at that day
the stocks of the Government went down to sixty
per cent., and pay was taken for them in such cur-
rency as could be received, itself depreciated; and
yet it did not occur as a serious question to the
men of that day to put forth, under the Constitu-
tion, irredeemable paper made a legal tender for
the payment of debts. To be sure, the country
then was poor; it is now rich comparatively. The
country had not then the resources that we have;
and perhaps it would have had the more excuse
for adopting such a course. I do not urge this as
an argument against it at the present time, but only
as showing the nature of the measure itself to
which it is now proposed to have recourse in order
to place the Government in a better position; es-
pecially, sir, when you observe that everybody
who has spoken on-this question, I believe without
an exception—there may have been one or two—
but all the opinions that I have heard expressed
agree in this: that only with extreme reluctance,
only with fear and trembling as to the conse-
quences can we have recourse to a measure like
this of making our paper a legal tender in the pay-
ment of debts.
I do not propose to discuss that question now;
but I am stating these things merely that Congress
may be set right before the country, and that it
may not be said, without its being contradicted
somewhere, either in the papers of the country or
somewhere else, that time has been wasted here
when wc have been considering measures of such
vast importance and involving such very great con-
sequences as these measures necessarily do.
It becomes my duty, sir, to explain the two bills
now before the Senate: first, the House bill, as it
came to us, and then the Senate bill as it 1ms been
reported by the committee. It will be noticed that
the House bill provides for the issue of$150,000,000
of Treasury notes, fixing no specific time for their
payment, and therefore, making them, perhaps,
payable on demand according to legal construc-
tion, and making them a legal tender for all debts,
public and private, convertible into twenty years
stock at six per cent. This is substantially the
first section.
The second section provides for the issue of
§500,000,000 of stock at six per cent., to be sold
for what is called " lawful money" or notes ofthc
United States. This is the House bill. The term
"lawful money" is used in a very peculiar rela-
tion. It certainly does not mean notes, because
the bill goes onto say " for lawful money, "of the
United States, or for any of the Treasury notes
that have been, or may hereafter be issued under
any former act of Congress, or for United States
notes that may be issued under the provisions of
this act." The remaining sections of the bill are
merely put in to guard it against abuses.
The Committee on Finance have reported sev-
eral very important amendments. The first amend-
ment, which the Senate will notice is made in the
first section, is that the interest-on the public debt
shall be paid in coin. The Senate will observe that
without this, under the provisions of the House
bill, a creditor of the Government holding Govern-
ment paper, notes, or bonds, would be compelled
to take his interest in notes oi' bonds, as the
case might be, when the time for the payment
of the interest came round. He would have no
choice. The tender of a note for the interest that
might be due on his bonds, however large or small,
would be equivalent in its effect to a tender of coin.
According to our amendment, the Government
will be obliged to provide itself with coin for the
payment ofthc interest. The object of this pro-
vision is not only to do justice in this regard, but
also to make it raise and support the credit of the
Government obligations; and it will be perceived
how very important it is to that end. The Secre-
tary, by the provision which I have referred to, is
obliged to provide himself with com for that pur-
pose, and he is obliged to do it at whatever sacri-
fice may be necessary in order to accomplish that
purpose. This certainly will have one effect: it
proves the good faith of the Government; that it
means to do all it can; that it means to spare no
effort at whatever cost to give to those who take
the Government paper, what they wish to receive,
something besides Government paper, and thus
running round in a circle of paper, for the interest
upon their debts.
But, sir, it was not enough, perhaps, to show,
the good faith of the Government in this partic-
ular. The committee have recommended that we
| go further, and that we provide a specific fund, in
I order to accomplish that purpose, and set it aside
for that object. It was proposed in the commit-
tee—and it struck me favorably at first—to set
aside specifically tho public duties, by providing
that the duties on imports should be paid in coin;
but on consideration, it was deemed by the com-
mittee that that would be hardly fair. The result
would be to make a distinction between different
classes of the community, and to impose a very
heavy burden upon those who are engaged in
trade,and who would be called upon to pay duties.
If we provide a paper currency, the natural and
meiitable effect of it is, that coin increases in
price. The consequence would be, unquestion-
ably, that those obliged to jAijPdutics on imports
might be compelled to make a severe sacrifice in
order to raise the coin to pay the duties; and, in
the next place, the general effect would be to, in
effect, increase the duties provided by our tariff.
Necessarily, if coin appreciates, if it becomes
worth morb than the ordinary currency, and duties
are to be paid in coin, the effectof such a provis-
ion would be to increase the duties which are al-
ready very high, and in some cases almost pro-
hibitory. The committee, therefore, thought that,
under the circumstances, that would not be wise;
although it will be perceived that, not havingdone
so, the converse of the proposition may be true:
that the effect, if we inflate the currency by paper,
and allow tho duties to be paid in paper, is neces-
sarily to diminish the duties on imports, and thus,
perhaps, to lead to a greater importation.
Having rejected this, it became necessary to
make some other provision; and accordingly pio-
vision was made, as will be found in the fifth sec-
tion, by setting aside the amount of duties re-
ceived, the amount received from the sales of the
public lands, and the amount that may be received
from the confiscation of the property of rebels, to
form a fund. The Senate will consider whether
all these provisions are necessary and wise, to
create a fund which shall be devoted, in the first
place, to pay the interest upon the coin and on
the notes; and, in the second place, to create a
sinking fund, which in the end might be able to
pay the whole debt, and would,in a certain coursc
of time.
This, undoubtedly, will be a very sufficient se-
curity; but, sir, the committee have gone further.
In order that the Secretary may be sure, and that
the public creditor may feel safe with reference to
it, they give to the Secretary the power to sell the
bonds of the Government at any time that it may
be necessary, at the market price, in order to raise
coin. That can always be done. Tho sacrifice
may be great or it may not; it depends upon cir-
cumstances; but at any rate that will bring coin.
These two provisions taken together have the
effect necessarily to create an entire confidence in
the minds of tho purchasers of the public obliga-
tions, that the interest will be surely paid at the
time it is due, and paid in coin; and having done
that, the result is obvious to the committee, that
our securities must necessarily be placed upon a
more stable foundation, and be of very much greater
value in the market, because what the holder of
public securities wants, is to be sure that his in-
terest will be paid, especially ifit is on long time.
But, sir, the power to sell the obligations of the
Government at the market price is not confined to
the interest. The Senate will observe that it is
made general; that instead of being confined and
obliged to sell the obligations of tho Government
at par, the Secretai y of the Treasury is authorized
to sell them at any time at the market price; and
instead of being confined tu sell them for coin,
meiely for the puipose of laising money to pay
the interest on the public debt, he is peimiued to
sell any amount at any time that it may be neces-
sary, for what he can get. This is a bold, strong,
measure, and it may strike the Senate with some
surprise, or, at any rate, it may lead them to de-
liberate upon the subject. I will state the reasons
which operated upon the minds of the committee
in offering this amendment.
In my judgment—and I speak for myself alono
in reference to thismattei—we begun wrong. We
should have resorted to this measure of author-
izing the sale of the obligations of the Govem-
mentat the market price when wefirstconimenced
to borrow at the beginningof this war. in!s be-
lief is founded on very obviouspniicip.es. Money
in the market is always worth whatit will sell toi.
It is an article of merchandise like anything else,
and the Government has no reason to suppose,
