1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2745
the Senate, shall appoint from the list of officers of the Navy,
not below the giad * of commander, a chief for each of the
Bureau-* of Yards nrid Docks, Hydrography. Shipment and
JReeiuiting, and of Ordnance, and shall in like manner ap-
point a chief ol tlie Buieauof Construction and llepair, who
shall he a bkillfiiliiav.il constiuctor; andhbnll also appoint
a chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineering, who shall be
a s-killful engineer, and be selected from the lis-t of chief
engineers of the Navy; and shall alsoappoint a chief of the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, who shall be selected
fiom the list of the suigeonsof the Navy,and aciiief of the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, who shall be selected
from the list of paymasters of the Navy of not Jess than ten
years' standing, each of wnich chiefs of bureaus shall re-
ceive a salary of §3,500 per annum, unless otherwise here-
tofore provided (or by law, which shall be >n lieu of all
other compensation whatever. The f-aid chief?, of bureaus
to hold their said offices for the term of four years: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to
afibct any provision heretofore made by law for special
ea^-es.
See. 3. And be it further enacted, Tlmt the Secretary of
the Navy shall appoint the following clefks and other ofli-
ceis, 10 wit: for the office of the Secierar.v of the Navy, a
chief clerk, who shall icceive a salary of $2, *200 per annum ;
one clerk at a salaiy of .$1,800, who shall aUo be di->burMitg
cleik with a salary of $200: five clerks with a s:ilary of
$1,G00 each ; three clcrk* with a salary of $1,400 each ; four
cleik.* with a salary of .^1,200 each ; one messenger at $900
per annum ; one assi.-taut m<^&engcr at §700, and two la-
borer* at ,$600 each per annum. For the Bureau of Yaida
and Docks, one civil enguieoi. who shall lecetve a salary
of .$2,000; one chief cleik at $1,800; three clerks at .ft'MOO
each; one diaught&man at $1,400; one cleik at $1,200; one
me-wngcr at -$^40, and two iabmeis at $600 each pei an-
num For the Bureau of Equipment and I'ecnntuig, one
cluef clerk, who shall receive a salaiy of $1,800; thiee
clerks at a salaiy of §1,400 each; one cleik at a salaiy of I
$1,200; one messenger at a .-alaiy of $340, and one laboier I
at .$50''J per annum. For the Bureau of Hvdrogi aphy, one
chief clerk at $1,800; four clerks who shall receive a sal-
aiy of $1,400 each ; two clerks at$1,2<)0each; one messen-
ger at $840, and one laborer at $t>00 pet annum. For the
Bureau of Ordnance, one chief cleik at a salaiv of $1,800;
one diauglit^man at $1,400; twocleiks at $1,400 each, one
messenger at $810 perannum, and one laboier at $000, and
one laboi er at $-480 per annum. For the Bureau of Con-
struction and Repair, one chief cleik at a salary of $1,800
a year; one draughtsman at $1,400 per annum; five clerks
at a salary of $1,4')0 ^ach ; one at $1,200 ; one me-sensjer
at a salaiy of $840 per annum, and one laborer at $600
per annum. For tlie Buieau of Steam Engineering, one
chief clerk at a salaiy of $1,?00; one dtaught-man at
$1,400; one clerk at $1,400; one a^istmt diauglu>mfm at
$1^200; one messenger at $840 salary per annum, and one
Jaboier at $o00 per annum. For the Bureau of L'rovwons
and Clothing, one chief clerk with a  alyiy of $J ,800 ; four
cleiks with a' salaiy of $1,400 each; one clerk with a sal-
ary.of $1,200; one messenger with a salaiy of $840 per an-
num, arid one laborer with a salaiy of $r 00per annum. For
the Bureau of Medicine and Surgcrv, two clerks with a sal-
ary of £i.400 each; and one messenger with a s-alaiy ot
$840 per .annum, and one laboret at $600 per annum. For
the p.otection of the building occupied by the Department,
one day watchman and four night watchmen at a salary of
$600 each perannum; and for the geneial care of the build-
ing, furnace, and ground.-, one laboier at a salary ot ^600;
one laboier at a salary of $360, and one laborer at a salary
of $300 each per annum.
Sec 4. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Na\ y shall a-sign and distribute among the &aid bu-
reau-- su<'h ofthe duties of the Navy Department a-heshall^
judge to be expedient and proper; and nil ol the duties of
the^said bureaus shall he performed under the authority ot
the Secretary of the Navy, and their ord'-is shallbc con-
sidered as emanating from him, and shall have full force
and effect as such.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That all estimate* for
specific, general, and contingent cvpen^es of the Depart-
ment, and of the seveial bureau?, shall be furnished to the
Secretaiy of the Navy by the chiefs of the le-pective bu-
reaus, and all t>uch apptopwattons shall be underthe con-
trol and expended by the dnection of the Sccietmy of the
Navy, and the appropriation for each bureau shall be kept
separate in the Tieasuiy.
Snc. 6. And he it further enacted, That the chiff* of tlio
lespective bureaus ol the Navy Departmentshall be author-
ized to fiank nil communications from their ) elective bu-
reaus; and all communications to their buieaus on the
business thfuoot shall be free of postage.
Sec. T. And be it further enacted, That the act apptoved
February 7, 1815, entitled *k An act to alter and amend the
m:vci :i acts tor establishing the Navy Department by add-
iu" t.iereto a board of commissioners.'' the act entitled
An act to leoiganize the Navy Department of the United
States," approved August 31, 1542, and the fourth section
of an act entitled "An act to regulate the appointment and
pav of engineer in the Navv of tiie United States,5* ap-
pioved August 31,1842, be, and the same are hereby, ic-
PISec.' 8 And be it further cnacted, That when a fleet
captain server m or is borne on the Looks of any^ vessel of
the Navy making a pnz<\such fleet captain, if ot the rank
of cnp'aiu, s-hall be entitled to one twelfth pait, and if ot
the rank of commander, to one fifteenth past ot the prize
money accruing to the captors fiom such puze, the said
twelfth or fifteenth pait, as the ea-e ma\ be, to be deducted
from the amount due to the raptor*, and the remainder to
he distributed as heretofore directed by law: Provided,
Tnal the allowance herein made to fleet captains &hail fake
effect fiom the commencement of the pie-ent wat, the
share due them to be deducted from the moiety due to the
United States in cases of captures made prioi to the pas
sage ot' thi.3 act.
The House then proceeded to vote upon the
amendments reported by the Committee on Naval
• Affairs.
First amendment:
Page 1, line eight, strike out " hydrography," and insert
(< navigationso that the clause wouid read*
Third, a Bureau ot Navigation.
The amendment was adopted.
Second amendment:
Same page, seventeenth line, strike outu hydrography,"
and insertli navigation ;'5 so as to make the clause read :
A chief for each of the Bureaus of Yards and Docks,
Navigation, Equipment, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Same page, twentieth line, strike out, afterthe word " en-
gineer," the words " and be selected from the list of chief
engineers of the Navyso that the clause would lead;
And shall also appoint a chief of the Bureau of Steam
Engineeung, who shall be a skillful engineer.
The amendment was adopted.
Fourth amendment:
Same page, line twenty-five, strike out, after the word
" surgery," " who shall he selected from the list of the sur-
geons \n the Navy s>o that the clause, will read:
And -Jhall also appoint a chief of the Bureau of Medicine
and Surgery.
The amendment was adopted.
Fifth amendment:
Tage 2, line two, after the word " hundred" insert the
word "dollars;" t-o that the clause would read:
Each of which chiefs of bureaus shall receive a salary
of $3,500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Pasie two, fifth line from the bottom, insert as follows*;
One cleik at $1,600.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Thisamendmentgivesan
additional clerk to the Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
fn line three, on pnqe 3, strike out li three," and insert
" two,'' so that it wiil provide that there sshall be only two
cleiks for the Buieau of Yards and Docks, at a salary of
.•$1,400, instead of three.
Mr. SEDGWICK. That reduces the number
of clerks, and I do not suppose there will be any
objection to it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 would like to
know whether this Senate bill has been printed.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The bill has been printed,
but the amendments have not.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Stnke out after " dollars," line six, to end of the para-
graph in next line, these words: " one messenger, at a sal-
aiy ot $810."
The amendment was concurrcd in.
Ninth amendment:
In hue emht, page 3, strike out'•hydrography" and ni-
sei t " navigation."
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Tn line nine, page 3, strike out44 four" and insert " one,"
so that it will provide for the Bureau of Ilydrogiaphy one
cleik instead of four, who shall receive a salary ot §1,400.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
In line eleven, page 3, stnkc out" two" and insert" one,"
so that it will ptovide only one clerk at $1,200 a year in-
stead of two.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Sttikeout from the woid "dollars," m line twelve, these
wouls: •'* and one laborer, at .$600 per annum."
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
In line fourteen, strike out:i one chief cleik at a salary
of£l 800," and inseit "one assistant, to bo selected from
thc'commi&Moned officers of the Navy, with the pay ot
captain £ on other duty.'"
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
In line sixteen, strike out utwo" and insert "one," so
that it v\ ill read,4f one cleik at $1,400."
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Face 4. line twenty, strike out from word f* annum" to
end of paragraph m next line, these words: " and one la-
boiei at .$600 per annum."
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
I-i line twentv-three,strike out" four" and Jnsert"^v®,'l!
so that it wiil lead, "two cleiks, with a sahuy of §1,400
each."
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike outfrom and including " and" to end of paragraph
in next ime, these words: "and one laborer at $600 pet
annum."
The amendment was concuired iiii
The Clerk read the seventh section,asfolIows:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the act approved
February 7, 1815, entitled " An ac^ to alter and amend the
several acts establishing the Navy Department by adding
thereto a boatd of commissioners," the act entitled " An act
to reorganize the Navy Department of the United States,"
approved August 31, 1843, and tho iourth section of an act
entitled "An act toiegulate the appointment and pay ot
engineers in the Navy of the United States," approved Au-
gust 31, 1842, be and the same aie heieby repealed.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 move to strike out that
section of the bill, and in lieu thereof to insert the
following:
That all acts and parts of acts conflicting or inconsistent
with thi^act be and the same are hereby repealed."
Mr. Speaker, I find, on examination, that the
seventh section, in the statement of the acts to be
repealed, is not quite accurate. It repeals one
which has already been repealed, and it mentions
one or two others, several portions of which ought
not to be repealed. I desire this repealing clause
to extend to all acts and parts of acts conflicting or
inconsistent with the provisions of this act, and 1
therefore move a substitute for the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to strike out the eighth
section of the bill, which is in these words:
Sec. 8. And be it further cnacted, That when a fleet cap-
tain selves m or is borne on the books of any ve&sel of the
Navy making a prize, simh fleet eapt;un,Jif of the rank Oi
captain, shall be entitled to one twelith part, and if of the
rankot commander, to one fifteenth part of the prize money
accruing to the captors from such puze, tho e-aid twelfth
or fifteenth part, as the case raav be, to be deducted from
the amount due to the captors, and the lematnderto bedts-
mbuted as heietofoio directed by law . Provided, Thai the
allowance herein m,\d<> to fleet captain-* shall take effect
Cy^n the commencement of the present wai,the share due
them to he deducted fiom tho moiety due to the United
States in ca^es of captures made prior to the passaged
this act.
Mr. Speaker, I understand the present law to
be—although I may be mistaken as to its provis-
ions—that in cases of puze, one half of tlie value
of the prize captured is to be distributed among
the officers and crew of the vessel making the cap"
ture. The point to which I wish to call the atten-
tion ofthe Government is this: this bill putsan in-
terpretation uron prizes captured during the pres-
ent war, recognizing the civil strife now going on
as a war, by which the moiety which has hereto-
fore been set apart for the Government shall be
reduced by one iwelfth or one fifteenth part accru-
ing to the captors of the puze, in order that fleet
captains may be taken care of. I would like to
have some explanation of the necessity for this
provision, and why it is that the prize money to
be allowed to these fleet captains is to be taken
fiom the moiety allowed to the United States, and
not from that which the law sets apart to be dis-
tributed among the officers and crew of the vessel
which makes the capture.
I desire to know also from the gentleman from
New York, who is chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, whether that committee has come
to any determination in reference to this question
of prize money. There is aqtiestion whetherany
prize money ought to be allowed whereavessel is
captured which is attempting to run the blockade
wc have established overall the ports ofthe feouth,
and whether the vessels so captured do not come
within the provisions of law now in force for vio-
lation of the revenue laws. I do not understand
that where a vessel is captured, because it has vio-
lated the revenue laws, that in such case the cap-
tors are entitled to the benefit of prize money.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If there is any objection to
considering this matter of prize money at this time,
lam willing that the eighth section shall be stricken
out, and that the whole subject shall be provided,
for in a separate bill, to be brought in and consid-
ered on some day of this session, and to be set
aoart as a special order by the House.
Up to this time there has been no distribution
of prize money. Prizes taken a year ago still
linger m our ports, and not a dollar has yet come
into the Treasury. In the mean time, those who
made the capture have been beset by money
changers, to buy up their cl.iuns. With the con-
sent of the House, if they vi ill assign one day not
distant for considering the subject of prize money,
I have no doubt wc will be enabled to reach softie
