266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
o^TII COKG.... 2D SESS.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Walton.
Ho. of Beps.
that by the Saw of nations "enemy property" is
subject to confiscation, and therefore that Con-
gress may confiscate the property of everybody
engaged in this rebellion or aiding it, and in what-
ever mode it shall choose. The law of the case
is disputed, and to-day numerous authorities upon
both sides of the question have been cited by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas.]
Why should we rest our authority to confiscate
on a disputed and doubtful point in the laws of
nations, when, under the Constitution itself, we
have ample authority to do the same thing? 1
suppose I know the true answer to that question.
It is not that we cannot confiscate under the Con-
stitution, but that we cannot confiscate in the par-
ticular way desired by the inventors of the House
scheme. In short, they resort to the laws of na-
tions to get rid of the Constitution, and in the very
spirit of an ardent politician who informed me the
other day that " the Constitution is played out!"
Well, sir, if the country cannot bo saved other-
wise, I shall submit to the breaking down of the
Constitution; I shall have to regard it as a failure,
as being " played out," and wait for a new one;
but I do not believe it is necessary to do that in
order to free the slaves and confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels. The Constitution is broad enough
to secure all that; and under my oath of fidelity
to it, I confess that I prefer to act clearly under all
its sanctions and within all its restrictions. Nay,
more, I am bound so to act, or the oath of office
is a mockery.
Now, I call attention to the fact that all the
authority drawn fromthe laws of nations as to
" enemy property "is in respect to alien enemies,
and all of it applies to the ease of war between
different nations, rather than to civil war. In case
of war between two nations, all the citizens in-
discriminately of each are enemies of the other,
and the property confiscated is not taken as the
property of the individual citizen, to punish or
injure him, but as the property of the belligerent
nation, and to injure it, or to secure indemnity.
It is a belligerent right. We do not recognize the
confederate States as an independent nation at war
with this Government, but persistently deny to
them belligerent rights; and therefore we must
excuse thorn from belligerent liabilities. How
then can weapply the law of" enemy property"
to this case? I deny our right, and 1 deny the
fact as to this scheme, ft does nothing of the
sort, ami therefore the argument from the laws
of nations does not touch the case at all. The
scheme does not reach the property of all citizens
of rebel States, as every act would do under the
law of nations, at least as that law has been con-
strued by supporters of the House scheme. Un-
der that law, every citizen of the opposing nation
would be an enemy, and the rule of " enemy
property" would extend to all. This scheme does
no such thing, but in terms it is limited. In terms
it does a very different thing. It is not conformed
to the sweeping rule against " enemy property,"
but is specific. It confiscates the property of par-
ticular persons, and for a particular reason, to
wit, those who are particularly responsible for
the rebellion, and for the reason that they are
guilty of the crime of treason. The guilty are to
be singled out, and their guilt is to be proved, or
ought to be; and I anticipate that the courts will
so hold, ami therefore give little favor to an act
which utterly ignores the broad distinction be-
tween a nation of alien enemies, and mixed com-
munitiesofour own nation, a part loyal, and not
subject to our act, and a part justly deserving of
all its rigor. Precisely here the Senate scheme
comes in to remove the difficulty. It provides
that the crime shall be proved; or, if the accused
flees trial, he shall by his own act forfeit his
rights. It proceeds not upon the laws of nations,
which do not meet the case, but upon our own
supreme law, which does meet the case, and
which Congress and the courts are alike bound
to respect.
I know of but one clause in the Constitution
from which it is possible, on the most liberal con-
struction, to derive to Congress power to adopt
the House scheme. It is that clause which au-
thorizes itto " make rules concerning captures on
land and water," Judge Story said, m reference
to the entire paragraph from which the above
clause is taken, that this " includes the exercise
of all the ordinary rights of belligerents; and Con-
gress may, therefore, pass suitable laws to enforce
them. They may authorize the seizure and con-
demnation of the property of the enemy within
and without the territory of the United States; and
the confiscation of debts due to the enemy." (2
Story on the Constitution, sec. 1177.) These, be
it observed, are belligerent rights from which we
have excluded ourselves. They apply to alien
enemies, to nations of enemies, whereas in civil
war they can apply only to the persons parties to
the war. More than that: except so far as it con-
cedes to Congress powers which Judge Story
claimed for the President after Congress had de-
clared war, the above is substantially but a tran-
script from Judge Story's dissenting opinion in
Brown's case, in which he had the concurrence of
but one other judge. The law ofthe court in that
case was stated by Chief Justice Marshall, and it
was that the power of Congress is to be drawn
from the clause "make rules concerning captures
onland and water,"as " an independent sovereign
power, notincluded in that of declaring war." (8
Cranch, p. 126.)
Now let us consider the clause in the light of
that decision of the Supreme Court. The House
scheme says that all the property of rebels shall
be subject to " seizure, prize, and capture," Does
saying so make it so? The Constitution speaks
only of " captures on land and water," and I ad-
mit that prizes, in the legal meaning of the term,
are captures on the water. But why add " seiz-
ures," and what is meant by it? If it be anything
distinct from " captures," it has no warrant in the
Constitution. It is not within the clause I have
quoted; and it is not in the Constitution at all,
except in the prohibition against unreasonable
searches and seizures without warrant. " Without
warrant." I observe,by the way, that this scheme
makes no provision for warrant, as did the alien
enemy act; but let that pass. Whoever consults
the Madison Papers, or Elliot's Debates, will find
that " military captures" only were first contem-
plated by the framers of the Constitution—" mili-
tary captures" was the original phrase in two res-
olutions. The phraseology was subsequently
changed, in an i ndependen t provision, so as to in-
clude " captures on land and water;" and finally,
in the Constitution itself, this clause was con-
nected with the power "to declare war" and
" grant letters of marque and reprisal." Why so
connect these powers if it was not to limit Con-
gress to captures made in and during war? Must
it not exclude captures made when the party cap-
turing had notice that war had been concluded ?
In fact this is the law. I cite 1 Kent's Com-
mentaries, 179 and 181, stating only the latter case.
It is that a capture, made before a treaty of peace
has taken effect, is null if the captor had been pre-
viously informed that such a treaty had been
agreed upon. This covers a capture made before
war had been concluded; and Judge Kent said of
it, in reference to other opinions, that this ap-
peared to be "the better and more reasonable
opinion." In Brown's case Judge Story said a
sovereign may confiscate the debts of his enemy
"during the war, or by way of reprisal," (8
Cranch, p. 143;) and again, thathemay seizehos-
tile property afloat in his ports " at the commence-
ment of the war," (8Cranch, 150.) But his argu-
ment rested entnely on the power of the Presi-
dent to carry on or execute the war which Congress
haddeclared, and the conclusion, therefore, is that
his authority will cease with the war. if that be
true ofthe authority ofthe Executive, it is equally
true ofthe authority of Congress under the war
powers.
Now, I take the word " seizures "in this scheme
to mean something entirely distinct from " mil-
itary captures," or captures in war, or seizures
and captures during the war, else the word would
not have been used. It would have sufficed to
say prize and capture. I take it to mean the seiz-
ure of rebel property where war does not exist
and has not existed at all, as in loyal States; and
there we can take contraband property and seize
the property of rebels, but not under the war
power. Property is made contraband by war,
but we can seize and condemn it under the power
to regulate commerce between the States and with
foreign nations; and rebel property can be seized
by the civil power, as the Senate schems proposes
to seize it. In truth, we need no military capture
except at the theater of war, and we cannot well
have it anywhere else. I take it also that " seiz-
ure" in this scheme means the taking of rebel
property where the Army has done its work, and
civil power has been restored; in short, when and
where the war has been ended. If not that, the
scheme will accomplish little, and is hardly worth
the breath we are spending upon it. If it does
mean that, can it be fairly or truly said that such
seizures are captures in or during war? On that
question hangs the constitutionality and validity
of this scheme; on that depends the right of Con-
gress to compel proceedings in mn, and to extend
admiralty jurisdiction to captures on land. It all
hangs on a very slender thread, and I fear the law-
yers will break it. I will only add that the Sen-
ate scheme avoids this dubious authority, and the
question whether real estate is subject of prize
and capture in war—that is, in the sense of de-
priving owners of their personal rights, not ques-
tioning the right of conquest—by limiting pro-
ceedings in rem to "personal property seized by
the Army and Navy."
There was one other point in the argument of
the committee, as stated by its chairman, [Mr.
Eliot,] which is that the restrictions of the
Constitution do not apply, because this scheme
is against property, and not against persons; in
other words, that the muniments of the Consti-
tution are for the defense of personal rights alone.
I reply, in the words of the Constitution itself;
" no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
1 property, without due process of law." Cokede-
fines"due process of law" to mean "due pre-
sentment and indictment, and being broughtin to
answer thereto by due process of the common
law;" and JudgeStory adds, " so that this clause
[of the Constitution] in effect affirms the right of
trial according to the process and proceedings of
the common law." That is, it secures indict-
ment, arraignment, and proof in open court, and
trial by jury. There were exceptions to this
rule in England, and always have been in this
country. Prize cases, and cases of forfeiture for
violation of the revenue laws, if on navigable
waters, are the exceptions. These belong to ad-
miralty courts, where there is no tiial by jurv.
Captures on land, however, are tried on the com-
mon law side of the court, and cases in remsrem
not to he an exception there. (8 Wheaton, 391.)
Moreover, where the case was one of crime .fall-
ing within admiralty jurisdiction, the trial" has
been transferred to common law, and has, of
course, been by jury, both in England and in this
country. (4 Blackstone's Commentaries, p. 2GG;
United States judiciary act, 1789, sec. 9, still in
force.) The House scheme proposes to abolish
this distinction as to crime, for it proposes to for-
feit for the crime of treason without trial by jury.
It seems also to abolish the distinction between
captureson water and captures on land. The plan
is compact and ingenious. First, all sorts of
property of certain traitors " are declared lawful
subjects of seizure and of prize and capture;"
and second, the courts are required to "conform
as nearly as may be to proceedings in prize cases,
or to cases of forfeiture arising under the revenue
laws." The plan itself is evidence of a deliberate
purpose to avoid all the muniments of the Con-
stitution for the defense of life, liberty, and prop-
erty; and the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is a confession of the fact. They
were not made for property, says he; this is a
proceeding against property. They were made
for persons; this is not a proceeding against per-
sons, and for proof he added that we may herc-
persons and hang them.
This brings out the scheme in its entire length,
depth, atid breadth. It is an addition to the ex-
isting law against treason; and to the penalty of
death it adds confiscation ofail property, both real
arid personal. That will be the actual effect of it
if hereafter we shall catch and convict the traitor.
It is more: it provides for the infliction of one part
ofthe penalty for treason—all that is new with-
out indictment, alignment, and trial bv jury.
• T0U can property for treason wi'ihout
trial and conviction of the owner in due process
of law, why may you not hang him in the same
way ? I see nothing to prevent but the Constitu-
