764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
unless it can offer much better security, that it
should get money at a better rate than anybody
else. That is one reason. Anotherreasonisthat
so far as the Government is concerned, unques-
tionably the price of money depends on various
considerations, ltdepends, in the fiist place, upon
whether the country is in a state of peace; what
is its condition with regard to wealth; what is its
indebtedness; what are its expenditures; and what
is the character of the debt.
At the time I speak of, when we first began to
borrow at the commencement of the war, the
Government credit was high, higher than it has
ever been sincev^ji© hopes of our people were
high; the enthusiasm of the people was strong,
and the means of the country were ample. Then,
sir, in my judgment, was the time—although I did
not think so then; I confess that I have reversed
my opinions upon that subject—when the Gov-
ernment should have gone into the market with
its credit, with the enthusiasm and the belief of
the people in our cause and our success new and
ripe and strong. We did not do so; but resorted
to another course. We resorted to the banks;
and in so doing we deprived ourselves of what at
this time would have been a comfortable resource
in case we had been obliged to call for their aid
again. Wccrippled them through ouraction,and
now we are driven to a point where they cannot
aid us, so far as lending any more is concerned,
because the banks of the principal cities have
loaned us about all the capital they have.
But the committee thought, in giving this en-
larged power to the Secretary at this time, that
it was bound—if this legal tender was to be re-
sorted to, especially if the bill of the House as it
stood should be adopted by the .Senate and should
become a law—that an assurance should be given
to the country that it was noE to be resorted to as
a policy; that it was what it professes to be, but
a temporary measure. The opinions of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury are perfectly well known.
He has declared that, in his judgment it is, and
ought to be, but a temporary measure, not to be
resorted to as a policy, but simply on this single
occasion, because the country is driven to the ne-
cessity of resorting to it. I have not hoard any-
body express a contrary opinion, or, at least, any
man who has spoken on the subject in Congress.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in advocating the measure, declared that
it was not contemplated, and he did not believe
it would be necessary to issue more than the
$150,000,000 of Treasury notes made a legal tender
provided by this bill. All the gentlemen who
have spoken on the subject, and all pretty much
who have written on the subject, except some
wild speculators in currency, have declared that
as a policy, it would In* ruinous to any people;
and it has been defended, as 1 haw stated, simply
and solely upon the ground that it is to be a single
measure, standing by itself, and not to bo repeated.
Well, sir, what assuranceofthatcan we give to
the country? How can we satisfy the people of
this and other countries (because what wo do here
is watched with very great anxiety and interest)
that it is not to be a policy? 1 perceive no other
way than by saying in advance, and upon the
face of the bill by which we confer the power, that
in future, by the authoiity we now give the Scc-
rctory, lie may purchase m the market, at any
price at which he can get them, the funds neces-
sary to prosecute this war; that we have aban-
doned the idea of adhering to the notion of putting
our paper in the market at par when it is not en-
titled to command it. In this point of view, this
matter addressed itself to the approbation of the
committee.
Section four of the bill, as reported by the com-
mittee, contains a provision to which 1 will call
the attention of the Senate. It provides for cer-
tain deposit certificates. I will explain that. It
will undoubtedly happen in the course of things,
that in the hands of banks and, perhaps, in the
hands of individuals, these Treasury notes, being
a legal tender, will accumulate. They will not
be willing' to convert them at once into bonds;
they may need them for other purposes. It was
therefore desirable that they should have power
to deposit them somewhere where they may re-
ceive intoiest for a short period of time. This
provision was very much desired by the banks in
all the cities. It was thought that it would afford
them facilities, that it would give greater currency
to 'the notes, that it would enable them to deal
with them better; and therefore we have offered
a provision, that for a period of not less than
thirty days any person or institution may deposit
these Treasury notes in sums of not less than
$500 at the sub-Treasury, and receive an interest
of five percent. The argument against this propo-
sition, undoubtedly, is, that it may interfere with
the conversion of the notes into bonds; but it will
be remarked that the interest is one per cent, less
than on the bonds. It will be further remarked
that the provision is guarded against any very
serious effect of this kind, because the interest
is at all times subject to the control of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and at no time can the aggregate
of these deposits exceed ^25,000,000. It is also
under the control of the party depositing, for he
can draw his deposit at any time; but can only
obtain interest when he deposits for that number
of days. I shall propose an amendment, however,
to this clause which will require the depositor to
give notice before the amount is withdrawn.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator to say that if he deposited these
notes interest would be suffered to run on, and
that could be convertible into stock?
Mr. FESSENDEN. He will have his interest
of course, most undoubtedly. This was merely
a measure of relief that was sought by the banks;
and the committee, on the whole, saw no objec-
tion to it; neither did the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and therefore the amendment is submitted.
I should have preferred that these twenty years
bonds should be redeemable at the pleasure of
the Government after five years, and payable in
twenty years; or else, if that could not be done,
the proviso authorizing the holdeis of these bonds
to purchase with them seven per cent, stock re-
deemable in five years should bo retained. I think
that something more is necessary; and I believe
that my honorable friend from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,] who is a member of the Committee on
Finance, intends to move something of that de-
scription as an amendment to the bill. I believe
it will be found beneficial. I shall not stop, how-
ever, to argue thatat the present time.
I have stated substantially what arc the main
provisions of the amendments which the commit-
tee have repoited, and the Senate will perceive
that they are of a very important character. They
go to change, in a very considerable degree, the
whole policy of this Government up to the present
time with regard to the borrowing of money, and
put us upon the market. I have stated the reasons
which induced the committee to come to that con-
clusion. Tiie Senate will judge for itself whether
those reasons are sufficient.
Mr. President, I wish now to say something
upon the main question of the bill, which 1 have
avoided touching, cxecpt incidentally; and that is
the clause making these notes a legal tender; for,
after all, that is the great question now submitted
to the Senate. The Senate will observe that the
committee make no recommendation on that sub-
ject, except such as may be inferred from the fact
that they report it back. They report the bill back
retaining the clause, and so far an inference might
be drawn that the committee were m favor of it.
Under the circumstances of the case in the commit-
tee, (of which, perhaps, I may speak with propri-
ety, as the committee, as a whole, had no opinion
upon the subject,theiropmions being so divided,)
I deem myself at liberty, as I should, perhaps, be
under any circumstances, if need be, and if my
opinions lead me that way, to say what I have to
say in opposition to that clause. 1 do not propose
to do this except incidentally. I propose rather
to state the argument as I understand it on both
sides in relation to the matter as briefly as I can,
without attempting to go into the argument of the
subject myself.
The ground upon which this clause making
these notes a legal tender is put, I have already
stated. It is put upon the ground of absolute,
overwhelmingnecessity; that the Governmenthas
now arrived at that point when it must have
funds, and those funds are not to be obtained from
ordinary sources, or from any of the expedients
to which we have heretofore had recourse, and
therefore this new, anomalous, and remarkable
piovision must be resorted to in order to enable
the Government to pay off the debt that it now
owes, and afford circulation which will be avail-
able for other purposes. The question then is,
does the necessity exist? Thatisa question which
I propose in some degree to discuss, because I admit
•fully and decidedly that the Government, or the
country, rather, is to be sustained in its present
undertaking, and thatwe are bound to obtain the
means to effect thatobject. If the necessity exists,
1 have no hesitation upon the subject, and shall
have none. If there is nothing left for us to do
but that, and that will effect the object, I am per-
fectly willing to do that. The question, however,
is whether it is necessary, whether we have ar-
rived at that stage, and whether something can or
cannot be done in order to accomplish the object.
Sir, I do not hesitate to say here, that I would ad-
vocate the use of the strong arm of the Govern-
ment to any extei.t in order to accomplish the
purpose in which we are engaged. I would take
the money of any citizen against his will to sus-
tain the Government, if nothing else was left, and
bid him waituntil the Government could pay him.
It is a contribution which every man is bound to
make under certain circumstances. We can take
all the property of any citizen. That is what is
called a forced contribution. Thank God, we
have not arrived at that; but I am not certain that
it would not be a more manly course to meet tlie
matter straight in the face, and if we are to compel
a man to part with his property, to do it without
affording him what may appear to be security, and
yet is not security. I do not say that it is so; and
yet I am not certain that that would not be the
more manly and praiseworthy course to pursue.
Then, sir, as to this question of necessity, I
wish to ask gentlemen to consider upon what pub-
lic credit is founded. According to my reading
and my view of the case, it has but one founda-
tion, and that is, the confidence of the people in
the ability and integrity of the Government, and
its power and its will to pay. Public credit has
no other foundation that I am aware of than that.
If that is so, then the question arises, what is the
ability and what is the integrity of this Govern-
ment, and what is its will to pay ? Are they such
as of themselves, under proper legislation, to en-
able the Government to raise means in the ordinary
way ?
As to the question of ability, what was our con-
dition when this war broke out? Senators have
only to look back and consider. Certainly no
Government was in a better condition than we
were at that time. Our debt was a trifle. This
great country owed but about one hundred mil-
lions of dollars—nothing; not even worth its con-
sideration for a day.* Its private debt abroad,
which had been large, had been for years dimin-
ishing, was very much reduced, and the day was
very near at hand when, freed from debt, public
and private, we should have been in possession of
all our great public works owned by ourselves all
over our country, ready to have that healthful and
beneficial operation which necessarily belongs to
them. That was our condition, so far as credit
was concerned.
What sort of a country had we ? We all know.
One of the best, one of the richest, one of the most
favored, m all particulars, on the globe; having a
greater variety of climate, a greater variety of soil,
a greater vaiiety of production, every facility for
all the arts of life, and all that goes to cieatc
wealth, for agriculture, for manufacture, for com-
merce; and,aboveand beyond all, over the greater
portion of it, among twenty millions of its people,
we had a population inured to labor, and, better
than that,loving labor, and considering it an honor
and a glory; and, better still, intelligent, educated,
skillful, thinking labor, which is always the most
productive. With a country like that, I think I
do not go far in saying that at the period of the
commencement of the war there was no Govern-
menton the face of the earth whose ability was so
great to meet its engagements as our own.
This has become somewhat changed, sir. But
suppose for a single instant that, to a certain de-
gree, this rebellion is to be successful; suppose
that the cotton States, so called, are to be cut off
from us; what have we left? We have lost the
production of one or two gieat staples; we have
lost a portion of our population; but everything
else, substantially, we retain. We retain all that
I spoke of as going to make a great, a prosperous,
and a glorious people; and I am not certain that
what we might lose in extent of territory and in
the production of certain staples, even should this
rebellion be successful, we should not gain by
