1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Con0....2d Sess.
267
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Walton.
IIo. of Reps.
tion; that, I think, is in the way. I am not a
lawyer, and therefore perhaps 1 cannot appre-
ciate the excellency and beauty of this new judi-
cial machine. Itmay.be patentable for novelty,
for it is entirely unlike that constructed by our
fathers and deposited for safe-keeping wnhm the
Constitution itself. But I do not believe that we
can adopt it under our power " to promote the
progress of science and useful arts by securing for
a limited time to authors and inventors the exclu-
sive right to their respective writings and discov-
eries; nor do I believe that my friend from Mas-
sachusetts would go for it if he were to receive, in
his own person exclusively, the effect as well as
the benefit of his right as discoverer.
The Constitution itself empowers us to punish
treason, proscribes the mode of trial, and limits
the punishment. There must be indictment, ar-
raignment, and jury trial, by general provisions
applicable to criminal cases; and then there are
provisions applicable specially to treason, namely:
"No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the
testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on
confcs&ion in open court.1'
That prescribes the mode of conviction. Again:
"The Congress shall have power to declaie the punish-
ment of treason, hut no attainder of fieason ^hrvll work
corruption of blood, or forfeiture, except during the life of
the per on attainted."
Here is a limitation of punishment. There may
be " attainder;" but the traitor cannot be attainted
on conviction simply, but by judgment.
"When sentence of death,the most terublc and highest
judgment in the laws of England, is pronounced, the imme-
diate, inseparable consequence by the common law is at-
tainder" * A * * ''This is after judgment;
for there is a great difference between a man convicted and
attainted, though they are frequently, through inaccuracy,
confounded to ethei. After conviction only a man is liable
to none of these disabilities; for there is still in contem-
plation of law a possibility of his innocence." * *
* ^ * " Upon judgment, therefore, of death, and not
before, the attainder of a criminal commences." * *
* * " The consequences of attainder are foifoituro,
and conuption ot blood."—4 Blackstone's Commentaries,
pp. 373, 374.
Here is the source of our constitutional provis-
ions. There may be the punishment of death,
and there can be no attainder without judgment
of death. There may be attainderand forfeiture;
but the Constitution expressly declares that at-
tainder shall not work either corruption of blood
or forfeiture of property, " excopt during the life
of the person attainted." You can forfeit all the
property of a traitor if you do not hang him; but
you cannot forfeit property and hang him also.
Vet the latter will in fact be the Jaw if the House
scheme shall be adopted. It will forfeit first, and
then ihe owner may be hung on conviction under
the existing law. No sane man can deny that
such a law, if embraced in a single statute, would
be unconstitutional. Can we dodge the Consti-
tution by making two statutes, one for death and
the other for forfeiture' Can we do indirectly
what we cannot do directly? Can we dodge all
the requisitions of the Constitution for trial by
jury by giving jury trial for the life of a criminal,
and refusing it for his property? One trial and
judgment in England carried both penalties, and so
our fathers unquestionably understood it. Never
would they have put in the limitation as to for-
feiture if they did not so understand it. The
scheme looks to me like an artful dodge, and still
a dodge that will hazard the validity of the scheme.
The avowed purpose of the advocates of the
House scheme is to avoid trial by jury, and its
ingenious machinery is adapted to that purpose.
For that they make all property subject of seizure,
prize, and capture; and our power to go to that
length, by way of making rules concerning cap-
tures in war,is doubtful. For that they prescribe
a proceeding in rem—which, by the way, is rather
ludicrous if applied to slaves, unless my friends
are ready to count them as chattels, and to avoid
that, they give us an emancipation bill, which
provides for no judicial proceeding at all, and is,
i fear, good for nothing at all. And for the same
purpose they attempt to force captures on land
into courts of admiralty; which is clearly beyond
our power, unless the seizures under tins scheme
can be brought within the legal meanmgof" cap-
tures." Now,consider the express provisions of j
the Constitution in respect to trial by jury in ail |
criminal cases except impeachments, and in all |
suits at common law where the value involved ex- i
ceeds twenty dollars; consider that by the very
terms ot this scheme the forfeiture is for treason,
not in form, hut in fact; consider the doubtful
questions involved in the machinery of the bill;
consider also that nearly all tlie cases arc to bo
tried by judges now on the bench, and in the very
States where your act will be most sternly re-
sisted; consider that many of them, who are not
impeachable, have little sympathy or favor for
your purpose; and finally, that even the impeach-
able cannot be purged from the bench until they
shall have decided upon the validity of your act,
and then tell me, as reasonable and candid men,
whether there is even a fair probability that such
an act will, to any considerable extent, ever be
enfoiced. i believe the chances are most decidedly
against it, and I object that the schcme is imprac-
ticable. Give me at least something that will be
valid; something thatcan be executed somewhere;
something that will g;ive one example, if but one
it be, of just retribution for that crime which is,
most emphatically, a crime without a cause, and
yet the sum of all villainies.*
On the violent presumption, however, that the
House scheme will be sustained by the courts-
courts in rebel States, not to say courts of rebel
judges—I submitthat the machinery of the scheme
in respect to trial by jury is inadequate. There
is a screw loose. Indictment, arraignment, and
trial in the usual form are excluded; but I suspect
that after all the jury is not excluded, and there-
fore that all the objections to jury trial exist in
full force against this scheme. The bill provides
that the proceedings shall be hi rem, and " con-
form as nearly as may be to proceedings in prize
cases, or to cases of forfeiture arising under the
revenue laws." Prize cases arc admiralty cases.
Let us see what the Jaw is as to proceedings in
civil cases there, for the framers of the schcme
will notpermitcriminalprocccdings. "Sa-vingto
suitors, in all cases, the right of a common-law
remedy, where the common law is competent to
give it." (Judifciary Act, 1789.) Trial by jury,
if the case is suitable for it—that is the spirit of
the act. Does this evade it? Now for the law as
to criminal cases in admiralty: "and the trial of
issues in fact, in the district courts, m all causes
except civil causes of admiralty and maiitime ju-
risdiction, shall be by juiy." I quote both passages
from the ninth section of the judiciary act of Sep-
tember 24, 1798, which is still the law of the land.
That act was cotemporancous with the Consti-
tution, and its provisions show how careful our
fathers were to preserve trial by jury. The up-
shot of it is that every case for which a jury is
competent shall be tried by jury, even wben be-
longing to admiralty jurisdiction, other cases alone
being i cservcd for the judges. This, be it observed,
is as to captures and seizures on water. I3y in-
ference, seizures and captures on land are left for
the jury. Now for the practice of the courts. I
will cite a case hi rem which covers the whole
ground—the Sarah, (8 Wheaton, 391:)
'•'In the trial of all ca^es of scizuie on land, the court sits
as a eomt of common Jaw. In all capes of seizure made
on vv.iten navigable by ve.s-cb ot ten tons burden and up-
wards, the coin t sits av a coun of admii.ilty. In all cases
at common law, the trial must he by jury."
Granting that the scheme is to be sustained, I
reach this result: if nobody appears, either in per-
son or by counsel, to contest, there will be con-
demnation by the court. Just that and all of that
you will have by the Senate scheme. If cases
shall be contested, and jury trial demanded, espe-
cially in all seizures on land, which will consti-
tute nineteen twentieths of the seizures, you must
have trial by jury. You have avoided indictment
* While preparing this speech for the press, the decision
ot Judge tfprague, o~t Massachusetts, m thecaseof the Amy
Waiwiekand cargo, came to hand. It fully sustains the
main objections to the House scheme. Judge Sprnguesaid :
" Confiscations of pioperty, not toranyuse that Iia^ been
m.ide of it, which go not against an offending thing, but sue
inflicted for the personal delinquency of the owner, are puni-
tive, and punishment should lie inflicted only upon due con-
viction ot personal guilt. What offenses shall be created
and what penalties affixed mu<t he lei't to the justice and
wisdom of Congre>s, within the limits prescribed by the
Constitution. Such penal enactments have no connection
whatever with the decision* of pnze courts, enfoiemg bcl-
ligt'ient siybK upon propeity captured tit sea during the
w;ir."
In the lace of that decision, by an eminent, loyal judge,
it, is vain to expect different views to pitvail with others
who are far less inclined to severity.
and all the muniments of the Constitution but one:
you have not avoided trial by jury. You have
attempted to do it all, and by that attempt you
will not only hazard an utterfailureof theschemc
as a nullity, and invoke a clamor as loud and as
damaging as followed the alien and sedition act,
but if your scheme stands, it will stand with all
the imagined difficulties of a jury trial, which you
charge upon the Senate scheme. I submitthat
the Senate schemc will be equally efficient, that it
will be infinitely more likely to stand the test in
the courts, and that even rebels and their sympa-
thizers cannot make headway against it. It is
safely intrenched in the Constitution.
In essence the proceeding under both of these
schemes is criminal; in essence the cases will be
criminal; and therefore they do fitly fall, and ought
to be made to fall, within the full and explicit pro-
visions of the Constitution for all criminal cases.
By the terms of the House scheme, the prop-
erty of rebels and their abettors is forfeited be-
cause they are rebels. Guilt is the sole condition
of forfeiture, and it is personal guilt. It is pre-
cisely like forfeiture to the Crown in Englandfor
certain felonies, and there it is a part or a conse-
quence of conviction, and the forfeiture in rem at-
taches only by the conviction of the offender—of
course on indictment, arraignment, and trial by
jury. (10Wheaton,14.) If the rebel has fled, like
Slidell and Mason, then the case will be precisely
that of flight on nn accusation of treason in Eng-
land, where the jury must, find the flight before
the party shall forfeit his goods and chattels. (4
Blackstone, 380.) And since a part of this schemc
is to avoid trial by jury, by turning the cases over
to admiralty, I wilfadd that in England felony m
admiralty, by statute 28 Henry VIII, was turned
over to commissioners for trial, u the indictment
being first found by a grand jury of twelve men,
and ufteiwmds hied by another jury, as at com-
mon law." (4 Ulackstone,2gg.) These were the
laws of our fathers; these were the sources of the
manifold and explicit provisions of the Constitu-
tion for the protection of life, liberty, and prop-
erty, In the spirit of these was the judiciary act
of 1789, and in that spirit is and has been the
practice of the courts. I prefer the Senate scheme,
because it icspccts and preserves the muniments
of the Constitution. For that leason I shall vote
for it, diul foi that season I uige it. I urge it in
no factious spirit; and I now say that, if it shall
not be acceptable to the House, and if the House
scheme shall be preferred, I am too modest to set
up my judgment against that of the majority. I
shall defer to the majority, and mark my abhor-
rence of treason by voting for their bill. My
record shall be unquestionable on that point. But
I invoke my friends not to fear trial by jury,even
in the now rebel States. If their people cannot
be trusted with thaton returning allegiance, they
cannot be trusted at all; they cannot be trusted
with the piivilegcs of voting, or of holding office,
or of bearing arms, and we had better keep them
out of the Union than in it. We had better pro-
vide at once for outlawry. They would be trai-
tors still. In any event, however, there will be
less trouble with juries than with judges, for wc
can putge the jury box of every man who is scru-
pulous of convicting for treason. Wc cannot
purge the court, at least wc cannot do it in time
to meet the emergency. Our remedy then is, not
to send these cases to the judges, but to the jury,
since the judges will be bound by the verdicts of
the juries. When the juries shall be purged of all
disloyal men, and even of the loyal, if they are
scrupulous of convicting, there will be no good
reason to doubt their efficiency; no argument
against ] uries in these cases that will not lie against
juries in all cases.
Let it not be said that rebels have forfeited all
rights or that we make the munimentsofthe Con-
stitution protection to the guilty. Never, never!
They are all for the innocent, and only for the in-
nocent. But fix the stain of guilt, and the gates of
the Constitution are open, the portcullis is raised,
the moat is bridged, and the traitor passes to the
gibbet. Till guilt is fixed, how know you that the
accused is not a loyal man, the victim of villains,
who seek his blood; of rapacity, which covets his
property; of vengeance, perhaps, for the very
reason that he has not violated his allegiance to his
country, plunged it into all the horrors of civil
