1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2747
according to the well-established parliamentary
rule that*the report must be made in the House
where the papers are. It was made there and con-
curred in, and of course the members of the House
of Representatives composing the committee of
conference, so far as that House was concerned,
were discharged; their duties were done. Then
the papers came here, and the question before the
Senate was, " Will the Senate concur in the report
of the committee of conference?" In that state of
things a motion to recommit the report to the com-
mittee of conference is not in order. The commit-
tee of conference is functus officio. Therefore the
original motion was out of order, and as amended
it was still out of order. The original motion was
to recommit simply. It was subsequently altered
that the Senate non-concur in the report, and re-
commit it; but that is out of order. It was in order
to move that the Senate non-concur, although it
was rather a negative way of putting the question,
for the question was, " Will the Senate concur?'5
and if they refused to concur, of course it was a
non-concurrence. Then the proper mode of pro-
ceeding, if the Senate were disposed to insist, would
be to ask for another conference, and appoint the
committee on our part, and send back the papers
to the House of Representatives; but not to re-
commit. That cannot be done.
As regards the question which is before the
Senate, as I was on the committee, I wish to say
one word by way of explanation, perhaps in vin-
dication of the committee. The committee were
quite aware of the rule that we could not vary the
text of the bill; we could only act upon the ques-
tions committed by the two Houses, which we
represented, to our consideration; but it bei ng per-
fectly manifest that there was an error in the text
of the bill, which did not carry out what the two
Houses intended, referring, as they did, to the
sixth section of the act of July 22 last, upon the
subjectof paying bounties, the committee thought
that it was quite advisable to recommend to the
two Houses to make a slight change in the phrase-
ology of the text of the bill, so as to carry out,
legally, the provision of the act which the bill be-
fore us was intended to carry out; and that is ail
the committee have attempted to do. The Senate,
as well as the House of Representatives, agree that
it is desirable to do this, and no man here inter-
poses the slightest objection. In that state of
things, I see no reason why the report of the com-
mittee should not be concurred in.
As it respects the danger that committees of con-
ference will usurp the powers of the two Houses,
and smuggle measures th.ough that neither House
If a committee of conference may introduce one
matter outside of the order that creates them, in
their report, and recommend the passage of one
matter as a part of the bill upon which they have
been organized as a committee of conference, they
may any other. This provision of the Constitu-
tion might be entirely ignored and disregarded.
A committee of conference might incorporate a
subject which would properly form a bill for rais-
ing revenue, which, by the express mandate of
the Constitution is required to be originated in
the Mouse of Representatives.
Well, sir, look at the rules of proceeding m the
Senate that were adverted to by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] so forcibly when this
question was up yesterday:
" Every bill shall receive three readings previous to its
being passed, and the President shall give notice at each
whether it be the second, or third."
clliu bill l CUOUlv<u   
understands, I submit that the danger is not very
great. It is desirable to correct this error m the
bill, and this is as feasible a mode as any that can
be devised to do it—by the recommendation of a
committee; certainly better than to have the bill
passed, and then to have to pass another act ex-
planatory of it, when wc may correct the erroi in
the original act. I submit, therefore, that there
is no special occasion for the Senate to depart
from what it has frequently done before, and that
is to concur iivthe report of a committee of con-
ference recommending a slight change in the text
of a bill where it is necessary to carry out the
original design of the law. _
Mr. DAVIS. There has crept in an irregular
mode of legislation of late years, which, in my
opinion, cannot be too soon corrected, and the
irregularity in this case is one of those cases.
When a committee of conference is created, it has
a limited power, and that power is measured by
the order which creates the committee; and the
power of a committee of conference is usually to
act upon the matters and points of disagreement
between the two Houses. It seems to me that (or
a committee of conference to transcend its powers
and to act upon matters outside of the pale of the
order which creates it and which gives it juris-
diction, is avi absurdity; and it is only necessary
to state the case in order that the action of the
committee outside of its power may be condemned,
Now, sir, if a committee of conference can intro-
duce into their report a recommendation on one
matter outside of what is referred to them, they
may on any other matter whatever. Let us see
what would be the effect of that loose luie of pro-
ceedtn^. Here is an old book called the Consti-
tution^that contains this piovision:
,£ All !>ilH fr>t lniamg icvcnut'^liall oiigmalc in the House
. of Representative."'
Bv this loose mode of proceeding that has been
innovated in the last few years by committees of
conference, this rule of the Senate's'proceedings
is utterly disregarded. If the rule is to bo disre-
garded habitually, it ought to be repealed. If the
rule is wise and necessary for safety and deliber-
ation in originating matters of legislation and pass-
ing them through the two Houses, it ought to be
adhered to. But with this loose mode of proceed-
in"- this rule is wholly ignored, or may be. In-
stead of bills being read three several times, and
if the Senate choose to require it upon three several
days, what is the subject-matter of a bill may be
read but once, and that hurriedly, m the report
of a committee of conference, and at the close of
the session it would be forced in a rapid manner
through the two Houses of Congress, and become
a law without any reasonable opportunity for
examination and consideration.
The inconvenience adverted to by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance and other gen-
tlemen in this debate may be averted, and it can
be properly averted only in one mode, and that
is by the introduction of supplemental legislation.
If for the want of due examination, due consid-
eration, haste in legislation, the want ofaproper
and a deliberate examination of bills, and of their
arrangement m texture, imperfect legislation
should ensue, as was intimated by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, the only safe and
proper mode of remedying such a state of case
is by the prompt and immediate introduction ot
supplementary bills to supply the defect. I be-
lieve in forms; that is, in sensible forms I am a
devotee to forms, to substantial and sensible forms.
There is safety in adherence to form where tiic
form itself is based in reason and in good sense,
and is sanctified by experience. 1 think we have
precisely such a mailer of form up in this bill,
ind that it is the duty of the Senate to adheic to
the old form, and to restore the correct mode oi
legislation so far as it has been departed from by
the recent, and, to my mind, mischievous inno-
vation of the two Houses. 1 feel obliged to the
honorable Senator from Illinois for having raised
this question, and I am myself firmly disposed to
return to the old modes of legislation, and to le-
pudiate this new and mischievous form.
Mr. HOWE. I like extremely well all the law
which is announced on this occasion and all Lie
prophets who have announced it, and now 1 am a
little curious to know what is going to be the ac-
tion of the Senate in reference to the law and the
prophets; what the prophets want done. I his is
the fact: a little less than a year ago you bad a
Legislature here which wanted an army badly,
and to induce the people to come together and form
an army you tmacled a law which promised to
each one of those soldiers, or to their heirs if they
should die, a bounty of £100. You have a Leg.s-
lature here again, and you havp undertaken to
pass a law to pay that bounty, to mert that en-
gagement, to carry out that contiact. Ly soxiie
little inattention to the phraseology of the bill, mc
first section is so drawn as that it does not pro-
vide for paying this bounty to the heirs; but t^ n
dertakes to make heirs, and make heirs diffeiuitly
from what they are made by the laws f ^ *c*~
oral States. This little fact occuned to the com-
mittee of conference, and it was thoughit joy
proper to call the attention of the two Houses to
it. It was no part of the duty assigned to the com-
ma,ee, as they understood ... They have pa^d .
upon the matters which were assigned to them, ,
and you havet heir report before the Senate, inty t
did undertake to recommcnd to the two Houses
that they should correct this first section. Every
member of the Senate says itought to bo done, or
at least nobody objects to its being done. The
propriety of its being done is manifest to all. The
only difficulty in the way of doing it is that the
recommendation comes fr@m a committee of con-
ference, and the committee of conference wore not
duly commissioned and anointed to the work of
making any such recommendation. Very well.
On behalf of the committee I am perfectly willing
to disclaim all authority, temporal or spiritual,
earthly or heavenly, to do this work; but now I
ask whether the Senate is not competent to do it?
The attention of the Senate is called to it. Cannot
the Senate make this correction if they see fit to
do it? If they think it ought not to be done, that
is another thing. That is not what they say. The
law seems to me to be abundantly vindicated, and
the Senate is not in any great danger of seeing it
trampled upon hereafter. The law being vindi-
cated, it seems to me very proper for the bill to be
corrected, and your contract which you made last
summer to be executed and carried out. This is
the shortest way of doing it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question, as I under-
stand it, is not as the Senator from Wisconsin
puts it at all; it is a very different question. It
is not a question of deciding whether this amend-
ment is proper or not; but it is to decide whethei
a law can be enacted in this way or not. How
does the Senator fiom Wisconsin put it? In this
form: he says we all agree that this is right; that
this should be done; and why may not the Sen-
ate adopt the proposition, the law is sufficiently
vindicated ? Let me ask, why may not a major-
ity pass a law right through this Senate in viola-
tion of every rule wc have got? Suppose that a
hill is introduced this morning by the Senator from
Wisconsin; it is read a first time; I object to its
second reading. The rules say it shall not be ieau
a second time on the same day except by unani-
mous consent. The Vice President so decides.
The Senator from Wisconsin appeals from the de-
cision. A majority say it may be read, and it is
read a second time. He asks for its reading a
Ihiid time. I object again that it cannot be read
a third time to-day; and so the Vice President de-
cides, and so the rule reads. The Senator from
Wisconsin appeals again, and a majority say it
shall be read a third tune, right in opposition to
the rule. It is read a third time, passed m this
body by a majority vole, and every rule that we
have «*ot is trampled under foot. The President
•sio-uaH. Is it not a law? Will it not be valul in
the courts ? That is precisely what you are pro-
posing to do now—to trample under foot every
safeguard to legislation.
Mr. HOWE. I have not been talking about
legislation by a majority here at all. My only
claim to have the action of the Senate upon it was
on my understanding that there was no member
of the Senate who objected to this amendment
beinT made, and that it should be made by the
unanimous consent of the Senate. I have not
been talking about the action of a majority here
at Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I object,
and I will neverconsentto such legislation—never.
It dwarfs the Senate into a mere assembly, having
a veto power and nothing else. Wc ate like the
French Assembly, where the ministry propose the
laws and the Assembly has to vote whethei they
will adopt them or not, but cannot amend them ;
they have simply the power to reject them, bo it
is with the report of a cominitffie of conference.
The Senate has no power to amend it. 1 he 1"®®"
lion put to the Senate is « Shall the report of the
committee of conference be concuired m ? anil it
io "av" or "no." This committee of confer-
ence, charged with investigating the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, has done whatr Has
not only conferred in regard to the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, but has gone on and in-
vestigated the agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The matter that both Houses had agreed upon
they have taken charge of, and have thought
proper to alter. If they may do it m this case, it
may be done in every other. I deny that a ma-
jority of this Senate am make laws in that way,
'except by violating all parliamentary law and de-
stroying the usefulness of the Senate as a deliber-
ative body. If you adopt this report, you put it
in the power of a majoiity, by refeinng matters
