1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
greater homogeneousness and singleness of pur-
pose, and by'the power which would arise from
that singleness of purpose and that homogeneous- -
ness, and the loss of what after all must be con-
ceded to be an element of weakness to any nation
on the face of the earth, which has proved to be
so to us, though in some particulars an element
of wealth. Therefore I say that even under any
circumstances# we must be entitled to credit for
our ability to pay. Why, sir, we should then
have the capital which those who framed the Con-
stitution considered the best capital that a nation
could have. We had nothing else then, and you
see what it has produced. What was that cap-
ital? Labor; the power and the will to work; and
the disposition, the desire, the anxiety, the policy
to make that labor more productive by educating
it; under which policy of educating labor and thus
increasing the power of production, the country
hasgrown up with such unexampled,unparalleled
rapidity. My own opinion then is that on this
question of ability, even if the worst come which
can come, after the contest in which we are now
engaged has ended, we still remain a great nation,
abundantly able to meet any demands that we shall
be likely to incur; and that no person, placing
himself in the position of a money-lender, could
hesitate to-say that we were entitled to all the
credit of a great, productive, strong, healthful
people.
fiave we the will to pay, sir ? I speak of the
ability and integrity of the Government. Has the
world confidence in it and in us? Ought it to have?
Sir, the faith of this nation has never been broken
up to this period. We have always kept our faith
as a borrower of money. We have stood before
the world as a people to be trusted. Up to the pres-
ent time there lias been no stain upon us. We have
paid our debts. Nobody could turn round at any
time in our history, from the creation of this Gov-
ernment, and say that we have resorted to miser-
able shifts and contrivances to avoid our obliga-
tions. We have faithfully kept them all. Are we
not then entitled to credit? Having this ability,
having always kept our faith, having shown that
we not only have the power, but the will to pay
up to th"e present period, have we not laid strong
the foundations of public credit, if I am right in
supposing what that foundation is?
Sir, we are contracting a large debt. At the end
of this fiscal year, I suppose it will be, m round
numbers, $750,000,000; and at the end of the
succeeding year, if the war should continue,
P,500,000,000; but in my judgment it will notgo
beyond the first sum. 1 believe that by the end
of this year the war will be ended All events are
tending that way. Our recent successes go to in-
dicate it. We have but just begun to show the
force we have, and the results are obvious. But
suppose it is not ended m that time, suppose our
debt goes up to double that amount, and the war
continues for another year, when it must end
unquestionably, we shall have a heavy capital of
debt, butall that is necessary is to secure the pay-
ment of the interest. A public creditor looks not
to the principal. He looks to his investment. Ho
wants to know what his interest is to be. The
example of England proves this abundantly. No-
body supposes that England will ever pay her
debt; nobody has supposed it for years; and yet
her stocks are always sound, and are sought for,
even at a very low rate of interest, on account of
their security. They sell in the market at about
par, varying very slightly according to circum-
stances; and yet nobody expects the principal to
be paid. All therefore we have to calculate upon,
all that we have to provide for, is to satisfy the
public creditor, either at home or abroad, that
when we put out our obligations for a series of
years, he may be certain that the interest will be
paid, and the result is equally sure.
Sir, the policy of this country has been to keep
out of debt. Many men have thought, and, per-
haps, not unwisely, that it would be well, or better, :
if we had a public debt, as it would interest more !!
peopleinthe Government; but we have gone upon ;
a diffeient system, and wisely in my judgment; !
because wc have framed a Government to which 1
all who live under it ought to be attached, and on j
principles that ought to make every one its friend. ;
It confers such benefits that it has a right to pre- ^
sume that every one is its friend. We believe that
the true doctrine of a republic is strict economy; j,
that the expenditure of large sums of money is in- ii
jurious, not so much because the money is spent,
bi* because the using it, and more especially the
using it carelessly, tends to sap the foundation of
public morals by, in the first place, sapping the
foundation of private morals.
One of the answers to all this is, tiiat our ability
may be doubted on account of the circumstance I
have mentioned, that we are creatinga large public
debt. Having suggested what occurs to me with
reference to that, I wish to say a word upon another
remark that has been made. Our credit has been
somewhat injured, undoubtedly, by the conduct
of the war; and yet, in my judgment, very unrea-
sonably. I have heard much said here and else-
where, and I have read much in the newspapers,
and I have heard it diseussed in the Senate, and
read the discussions in the House of Representa-
tives, where criticism has been indulged in, upon
the conduct of the war. Sir, the conduct of the war
has not been altogether satisfactory to me. I could
have wished it had been otherwise. I could have
wished for successes in the first instance; and I felt,
perhaps, as keenly as any one, the defeats that we
at first suffered; and perhaps I might have been
as bitter in the remarks I made about them; but,
sir, with time and reflection, I have come to a
better state of feeling on that subject, and I de-
clare here to-day, as my sincere conviction, that
we have not only done all, as a whole, but more
than could have been reasonably expected in the
same space of time.
Why, sir, look at our condition when this war
commenced; with no army, with no navy, with
no means, except our credit, of raising money to
meet it; taken by surprise; unused to war; after
a long term of peace; unaccustomed entirely to
arms; and disarmed, in point of fact, by the rob-
beries of those who have undertaken to separate
from us. Were victories, under such circum-
stances, to come in a day ? Were we at once in
an hour, a week, a month, or a few months, to
cieate the military experience which we had lost?
Were wc to create a navy, creatc an army, and
win victories under any and all circumstances?
The expectation was idle. Anxious as people
might be that it should be so, the expectation was
an unreasonable one; we should rather have anti-
cipated defeat.
f heard a remark made by oge of our own gen-
erals who was a great man some years ago, that
a republic must always be defeated at first, be-
cause it would always have to leain. That was |
ourcondition. Going on with rashness; laboring
under the impression, which it must be conceded
we had cultivated, that we were invincible, and
could do anything; impatient from the very^ na-
ture of our people; unwilling to await the unfold-
ing of time and the acquirement of experience;
what could have been expected but that wc should
make many mistakes? What could have been
expected but that wc should carry on the war at
a great loss? Bound to act instantly and in a day,
could we at once have a perfect commissariat?
Could we at once provide ourselves at reasonable
prices and reasonable rates, and save ourselves
against all who were disposed to plunder the Gov-
ernment? Why, sir, all these things were to be
learned by experience. It was necessary that time
should be given for us to acquire that expenence.
I sincerely believe that wit'i regard to any govern-
ment economy is never learned but from the con-
sequences of waste, and victory never follows but
as the consequence of defeat. In defeat we learn
to be victorious, and in suffcringfor want of econ-
omy wc learn how to practice it; and that, I be-
lieve, we are feeling and seeing the good effects of
now. That principle is being developed to-day.
We have suffered some defeats. Wc permitted
ourselves to be, in a measure, cast down. Time
has come round. We have now an Army per-
fectly organized; we have a Navy winch has proved
its power wherever it goes, winning glory for us
wherever it appears; and everything looks as fa-
vorable to oui cause as the heart of man could
desire.
I sec no reason for loss of credit, then, arising
from the conduct of this war up to this period. In
regard to that, we have been like all other people;
not worse than other people, certainly, but beUei\
There never was a war, from the beginning ot
time, into which a nation was plunged, that did
not begin with disadvantages, and suffer in con-
sequence of those disadvantages. Could we ex-
pect to be an exception, after the long period of
peace in which this country had indulged? I
think not, sir. We have not, in my judgment,
lost the ground of which I spoke as'entitling us
to credit, and that is our ability; and as to o*ur
integrity, it stands untouched to-day, and perhaps
on the result of to-day may depend the question
whether we shall lose that reputation. The ques-
tion, after all returns: is this measure absolutely-
indispensable to procure means ? If so, as I said
before, necessity knows no law.
What are the objections to it ? I will state them
as briefly as I can. The first is a negative objec-
tion. A measure of this kind certainly cannot
increase confidence in the ability or the integrity
of the country. It can make us no better than
we are to-day, so far as this foundation of all pub-
he credit is concerned.
Next, in my judgment, it is a confession of
bankruptcy. We begin and go out to the country
with the declaration that we are unable to pay or
borrow, at the present time, and such a confession
is not calculated to increase our credit.
Again: say what you will, nobody can deny
that it is bad faith. If it be necessary for the sal-
vation of the Government, all considerations of
this kind must yield; but, to make the best ofiit,
it is bad faith, and encourages bad morality both
in public and in private. Going to the extent that
it does, to say that notes thus issued shall be
receivable in payment of all private obligations,
however contracted, is in its very essence a
wrong, for it compels one man to take from his
neighbor, in payment of a debt, that which he
would not otherwise receive or be obliged to re-
ceive, and what is probably not full payment.
Again: it encourages bad morals, because, if the
cuirency falls, (as it is supposed it must; else why
defend it byaiegal enactment,) what is the result?
It is, that every man who desires to pay off his
debts at a discount, no matter what the circum-
stances are, is able to avail himselfof it against the
will of his neighbor, who honestly contracted to
receive something better. My judgment is, that
anybody who would avail himself of a position and
a power of that kind, thus conferred on him by law,
has forgotten the principle of right and wrong be-
tween man and man; for legal enactments cannot
make that right between man and man which oth-
erwise would be wrong. I say, therefore, that-
another objection which has been stated, and of
which the i'orce must be admitted, is that it is bad
faith.
Again, sir, necessarily as a result, in my judg-
ment, it must inflict a stain upon the national
honor. We owe debts abroad yet. Money has
been loaned to this country, and to the people of
thiscountry, in good faith. Stocks of our private
corporations, stocks of our States and of our cities,
arc held and owned abroad. We dcclare that for
the interest on all this debt, and the principal if
due, these notes, made a legal tender by act of
Congress, at whatever discount they shall stand,
shall be receivable. Payment must be enforced, if
at all, in the courts of this country, and the courts
of thiscountry are bound to recognize the law that
wc pass. That result, then, is inevitable; and I
confess, sir, that it touches my pride, when I re-
flect that, of all people in the world, the people of
England can turn around, at the present day and
at the present hour, and accuse us of bad faith. I
would make any sacrifices, do anything, to pay
our foreign debt, even if our people at home were
obliged to suffer, so that it should not be said that,
by any legislation of ours, that which was due
abroad had been lost. I wouldstop those mouths,
if it were in my power, by any means and at any
sacrifice.
Again, sir, it necessarily changes the values of
all property. It is very well known that all over
the world gold and silverare recognized as money,
as currency; they are the measure of value. We
change it here. What is the result? Inflation,sub-
sequent depression, all the evils which follow from
an inflated currency. They cannot be avoided;
they are inevitable; the consequence is admitted.
Although the notes, to be sure, pass precisely at
par, gold appreciates, property appreciates—all
I kinds of property. I saw in a newspaper the other
day a statement, and I believe it has not been con-
tradicted, that the confederates are now just in this
position; their notes, which are made a legal tender
there, are piled up in their banks mountain high
—as high, at any rate,as the banks—and the peo-
ple are living on shinplasters, and real estate has
