'1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
BINDING A DOCUMENT.
Mr. €px. The House, I desire to say, ordered
the publication of ten thousand copies of the Mex-
ican papers. I am informed by the printer of tfie
House that under the piesentlaw, when that num-
ber of copies are ordered, they must be bound. 1
do not think it necessary to bind all of them, and
therefore I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the printer of the House be directed to
bind only two thousand copies of the Mexican papers or-
dered by the House to be punted.
The resolution was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION OB' THE SEA-COAST.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee 011 Military Affairs a bill in reference
to the fortification of the sea-coast simply to have
it printed.
No objection, being made,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, reported a bill au-
thorizing the appointment of a board on fortifica-
tions, to provide for the sea-coast and other de-
fensesof theUnited States,and forotherpurposes:
and moved that it be printed, and its consideration
postponed until Friday next.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the day.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will move that it
be postponed to any day the gentleman will name.
It is a very important matter. I will say, post-
pone it until next Wednesday.
Mr. ELIOT. Say next Tuesday.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Say Tuesday, then.
The motion to postpone until Tuesday was
agreed to; and the bill was ordered to be printed.
LAND GRANT TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Public Lands a bill to grant to* the State of Cal-
ifornia a tiact of land known as the Colorado des-
ert, for the purpose of introducing a sufficient
supply of fresh water upon and over the same,
together with a report, i am instructed also by
the committee to ask that the bill be printed and
recommitted to the committee.
No objection being made,
Mr. CRISFIELD reported the said bill, and
it was recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ROB BUT IRVINE, SR.
On motion of Mr. FENTON,
Ordered, Thatleavo be wanted to vvjtluliaw from the files
of the House tin' papers ot Robeit Irvine, sr., upon leaving
a ropy of the same on liie.
BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
they aie hereby, instiueted to mquuo into the expediency
of giving to every toldier who Iku served three months or
more in the volunteer or lesular Annv of the United States,
during the present wai, a bounty of one hundred am! sixty
acies of lamb
CONFISCATION OF llKBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. HTJTCHINS. I rise to a cjuoation of priv-
ilege. I want to move to reconsider the vote by
which the mam question has been ordered upon
the bill now pending, introduced by my colleague,
[Mr. }JlNTGlIAM. [
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that such
a motion is not in order at this time. After the
main question h.w born partly executed a motion
to reconsider is not m oider.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of llouse hill No. 107,
to provide for the capture and condemnation of
enemy property, and to indemnify the United
States for expenses inclined m the suppression of
rebellion. The question is upon the substitute;
upon which the mam question has been ordered,
and the yeas and nays ordered upon its passage.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that there be a call
of the House.
T he SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time, unless the Chair first ascertains, by
a count, that there is no quorum present.
Mr. MALLORY. I thought that motion was
always in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will count the
House if it is desired.
Mr. MALLORY. I call for a count.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced that there were ninety-nine members
present—a quorum.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to lay the bill on
the table; and upon that I demand the yeas and
nays'.
The yeas "and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 54, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Jo&cph Bailv, Biddle,
Francis. P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, George 11. Riowne, Wil-
liam G. Biown, Calvert, Casey, Clement5?, Cox, Crisfield,
Crittenden, JDiven, Dunlap, Dunn, Goodwin, Gianger, Gn-
der, Haight. Hall, Harding, Harrisqji, Holman, Kerrigan,
Law, Leary, Lehman, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, 1 js-tm
S. Morrill, Moms, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Olui, Peuy,
Porter, Price, James S. Rollins, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith,
John B. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble,
Vallandigham, E. P. Walton, Ward, Chilton A. White,
and Woodruff—54.
NAYS—Me^is. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Beainan, Bmgham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake. Bufiinton,
Bumham, Chamberlm. Frederick A. Conkhng, Cutler,
Davis., Dueil,Edwards, ISliot, Fenton,Franchot,Hanchett,
Hickman, Hooper, Iluichins, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg,
Lansing, Loomi**, Lovejoy, MoKnight, McPher&on, Patton,
Pike, Potter, John II. Rice, Riddle,T.dwardII.Rollins,Sar-
gent, Shank*. Shellabaraei, Sloan, Stevens, Trowbridge,
Van Valkenburffh. Wali, Washburne, Albert S. White,
Wilson, and Wmdoin—49.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the call —
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Cravens was
absent in consequence of indisposition in his fam-
ily, and that if he were present he would vote in
the affirmative upon this motion.
Mr. PERRY stated that Mr. Cobb was paired
off with Mr. Trimble; thatMr. Cobb would have
voted " ay " and Mi. Trimble " nay."
Mr. FRANCHOT stated that Mr. Wheeler,
of New York, was absent in consequence of sick-
ness.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid upon the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
At a subsequent period of the day, several gen-
tlemen who were absent when the vote was taken
asked permission to record their votes. General
permission wasgiven to those who were absent to
record their names; whereupon, Messrs. Dela-
i'lain'e, May, Tiiomas of Maryland, Vooriiees,
and Wright voted in the affirmative; and Messrs.
Frank, Gooeu, HuTciiiNs,and Van Horn voted
in the negative.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 10G) to facilitate the suppression of the rebel-
lion, and to prevent its return.
The bill was read in cxlcnso.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to get the ear
of the House to make one suggestion upon this
subject. I undeistand now that the Committee
on ihc Judiciary have been, substantially, unable
to agiee upon any bill in reference to this subject,
and we have had a variety of bills reported back
to this House. Some fourteen or fifteen bills in
number, I believe.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will permit me to correct him. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have agreed unanimously
to report all these bills to the House, with the
recommendation that they do not pass, and the
chairman of the committee has made thaticport.
Mr. OLIN. I understand that to be substan-
tially a disagieement upon the subject under con-
sideration before the House. Now, I think the
inclination of the House, and perhaps the desire
of the country, is that some legislation should be
had upon this subject; and I suggest now to the
House, if the Committee of the Judiciary cannot
agree upon some bill, that this bill and the whole
subject in reference to the confiscation of rebel
pioperty be referred to a special committee to be
appointed by the Chair, say of five in number.
Mr. COLFAX. Seven.
Mr. OLIN. Well, seven; it does not matter
about the number. I do not desire to be upon that
committee. I have business enough, and more
than enough, upon my hands already. But I
throw out the suggestion that the Speaker, un-
trammeled by any considerations, other than the
public good, shall appoint such a committee, to
which this whole subject shall be referred, and
let them consider it carefully, and report to this
House, and then let the House act upon such bill
as they may report.
Now, it is manifest that we may spend a whole
week in disposing of all these various bills that
are before the House, and in reference to which,
perhaps, no three members of the House can
agree, while there are measures before the House
of pressing importance that demand instant legis-
lation, and have been demanding it for the last
three months.
Mr. DUNN. I believe that the gentleman from
New York moved to refer this whole subject of
confiscation to a special committee.
Mr. OLIN. My motion is to refer the whole
subject to a special committee to be appointed by
the Chair.
Mr. DUNN. 1 have the floor.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no, you have not.
Mr. DUNN. I thought the gentleman had
yielded it.
Mr. OLIN. No; I will yield for the purpose
of any suggestion, but I do not resign the floor.
Mr. DUNN. I was very glad indeed to hear
the suggestion of the gentleman from New York.
This matter of the confiscation of the property of
the rebels and as to the course to be pursued to-
wards States m rebellion against the Government
is the most difficult question that we have before
Congress, and upon the decision which Congiess
may make upon that subject may depend the great
question whether or not this Government shall be
restored to its former state of peace and prosper-
ity. I confess, sir, that I have been greatly grieved
at the haste which has been manifested by the
House to dispose of a matter of such importance;
and I congratulate the House and the country that
we have just now laid upon the table a bill which
would have disgraced the civilization of the age.
Mr. OLIN. Well, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DUNN. Wait a moment.
Mr. OLIN. Be short, then.
Mr. DUNN. I will be short. It was a bill
which "at one fell swoop" was to impoverish
some eight millions of people—a bill which was
to involve in one common ruin old age and child-
hood.
Mr. OLIN. I hope my friend will not insist
on holding the floor any longer. I wish he would
desist, because I do not think the temper of the
House is such as to submit to a lectin e upon this
subject. It is manifest that there is a great variety
of sentiment and opinion here m reference to the
legal questions involved in these various bills. I
have looked at them with some care. I voted to
lay the bill of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] upon the table, not because, perhaps, some
legislation is not necessary upon thissuliject, but
after the most anxious inquiry and examination
that I have been able to give to the subject, I can
find no warrant in the Constitution for the power
he proposed to exercise under that bill, and so
believing, 1 could not vote for a bill of that descrip-
tion. There are men in this House fully compe-
tent to examine all the legal aspects that such a
question presents, and I hope to see that legal
information brought to the consideration of this
question.
Now, as to the policy of this measure, what-
ever my opinions may be upon that subject, I
should cheerfully yield them to the greater wis-
dom of this House. But I may be permitted to
suggest to gentlemen who are as desirous, 1 pre-
sume, as I am of supporting the present Admin-
istration m crushing this rebellion, suppose that
when the President sent Andrew Johnson to
Tennessee, as military Governor, he had instiuet-
ed him to say to the people of that State, " You
have been engaged in this rebellion; your lives
are forfeited and your property is now justly con-
fiscated; 1 am instructed by the Government of
the United States to say that we mean to execute
against you the penalties of the law you have in-
curred; if you continue to fight us, you may pos-
sibly preserve your necks from the halter and
your pioperty from confiscation, but if you sur-
render you arc to be hung and your property to
be confiscated'" And yet that is substantially
the measure which is pressed upon this House in
many of these bills of confiscation. Now, this
may be wise and politic, but I cannot see the pru-
dence and justice of such a course. Sir, never in
the history of the world, where a Government has
been disabled from throwing around its citizens
the shield of us piotectiou,and where the powers
