2748
THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
to .^committee of conference, to bring into the
Houses of Congress any measure and present any
amendment to it whatever, and prevent its being
read three times.
I trust, sir, this report will not be agreed to. I
believe the motion pending is the one submitted by
the Senator from Kentucky, to disagree to the re-
portand ask for another committee of conference.
Mr. FOSTER. No, that is not the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the Chair, then,
what the question is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to disagree and recommit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And recommit to the same
committee. Well, sir, that would be satisfactory
to me. Let us disagree to the report, and recom-
mit it.
Mr. GRIMES. We cannot recommit it to the
same committee,because thatis beyond the power
of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not in order, I trust
the Presiding Officer will so decide; and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will modify it, so that it will
be in order.
Mr. HALE. Why is it not in order?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is suggested by Sena-
tors that it is not in order to recommit to the same
committee; that the proper motion would be to
disagree to the report, and ask for another com-
mittee of conference. I care nothing about the
way in which it was done. If there is an impro-
priety in sending it to the same committee, iet us
ask for another
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, if the motion I made is out of
order, i will modify it in any way so as to reach
the end proposed.
The VICE P RESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky modifies his motion, and now moves
that the Senate disagree to the report of the com-
mittee of conference, and ask for a new confer-
Mr. FOSTER, (to Mr. Trumbull.) You will
break the Constitution and endanger the liberties
of the people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Connec-
ticut says, in an ironical way, that we will break
the Constitution and endanger the liberties of the
people. He has been advocating this monstrous
proposition here, and thinks there is no danger.
He is willing to set the precedent that a commit-
tee of conference sent out upon one bill may bring
in another. The Senator from Connecticut is will-
ing to exercise a mere veto power upon legislation
without the authority to amend in any shape or
form what a committee of conference does. He is
advocating it here and talks about it as a small
question and an unimporta tone,and speaks iron-
ically of the Constitution being m danger. Sir, I
think the Constitution is in danger; and I think
the proceedings of this body are in dangei; and E
think it is high time that such a practice as this is
stopped, if it ever prevailed. I am told it has be-
come a pi actice in the Senate. Ithashardly be-
come a practice here yet. If this report is adopted
it may become one. There has been some contro-
versy on tlussubject before, and there have been,
I believe, instances where new legislation has been
brought in, inadvertently, perhaps, and slipped
thiough the Senate; but now when the question is
fairly piesentcd, 1 tui.st no such conclusion will be
arrived at. Ishould look upon it as the most dan-
gerous precedent that had ever been set if we
should deliberately by our votes, when the ques-
tion is made and presented, decide thata majority
of this body cai^so shape the action hero as to
compel the minority to vote ay or no upon any
new proposition without the means of offering to
amend it in any shape or form. I trust the mo-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky will prevail.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the President be good
enough to state the question as it .stands?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amuon is that
the Senate disagree to'the reportof the committee
of conference and ask a new conference. The
Senator from Kentucky so modified his motion.
Mr. LROWNING. I should like to know
from the Senator from Connecticut what the ques-
tion really is. I am not informed; and I think
there are many Senators in my condition. We
do not know what the bill is.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] was chairman of the com-
mittee, and may state it more readily than I. The
question as I understand it is, whether the report
made by the committee of conference shall be
accepted; whether the Senate will concur iu that
report.
•Mr. BROWNING. On what bill? I was of the
impression that the Senator from Connecticut was
chairman of the committee.
Mr. FOSTER. It is a bill to pay bounties under'
the sixth section of the act of 22d of July, 1861,
which provided that " any volunteer who may be
received into the service of the United States under
this act, and who may be wounded or otherwise
disabled in the service shall be entitled to the ben-
efits which may have been or may be conferred on
persons disabled in the regular service, and the
widow if there be one, and if not, the legal hens
of such as die or may bo killed in the service, in
addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, shall
receive the sum of $100." The House bill pro-
vided for the payment of that bounty. The Sen-
ate amended it; adopted three amendments to it.
They went back to the House. The House con-
curred in one of the amendments, and disagreed
to the other two. The Senate insisted upon its two
amendments, and asked a committee of conference.
The House joined in the conference. The con-
ference met and agreed upon the two disagreeing
amendments between the two Houses, and then
recommended that the text of the bill be changed
in one respect. The bill providing for the payment
of this bounty,goingas itstood to the mother, ex-
cluding the father, an(J.the expression in the bill
of the 23d of July, being " the heiis," the commit-
tee thought it was the intention of the two Houses
to put the father and mother—unless the father
had abandoned his family and ceased to support
it—upon the same ground; and as the committee
understood some ten thousand papers have already
been made upon that basis, and are now lodged in
the office, all of which will have to be taken back
and made over again if this change is not author-
ized by the two Houses; we therefore recom-
mended the change m that respect of the text of
the bill. That is the exception taken; and thatis
the question before the Senate, as I understand,
whether they will concur in that change.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a misapprehen-
sion as to what the question is, aiismg out of the
way the Senator from Connecticut stated it. The
question, as I understand it now, is to disagree to
the report of the committee of conference and ask
for another committee; jgind those who are op-
posed to legislation by a Committee of conference
will vote "yea."
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask if debate is now
in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am op-
posed to the piacticc; but the bill must be amend-
ed, and I therefore vote "nay."
Mr. CLARK. I have no doubt as to what
should be the practice, but under the circum-
stances I vote "nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 20, nays
17; as follows:
YEAS—Me.-sr-:. Chandler, Davis, Grime*, Hale. Harlan,
Ilowatd, ICui?, Lane of Indiana, X^atham, McDougall,
Pompioy, Powell. Rice, Saui.-hurv, Sherman. Sumner,
Tmmlmll, Wilmot, Wifcon of Mishouii, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Anthony, Browning, Uatlile, Clatk, Col-
lauiei, Dt.\on, Dooliulo, Fos-aenden, Fo-ter, Ilowe. Ken-
nedy, Motnil. Ne mith, Suik, Ton Eyck, Willey, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—17.
So the motion to disagree to that report of the
committee of conference ami ask another confer-
ence was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the com-
mittee be appointed?
Mr. WILSOjX, of Massachusetts. I move that
the bill lie on the table, and I hope those who have
care of it wil I got up a new bill at once and correct
that error. It will not do to pass itm its present
form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the trouble ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Itcontams
a provision that if theie be no widow and chil-
dren, tins bounty, instead of going- to the father,
goes to the mother. Now, the bill of last summer
names (he father, and says if he has abandoned
his family, or is deceased, then it is to go to the
mother. You have got a bill, that has already
passed the House, that covers the same form.
This bill provides that it shall go to the mother,
and then to the father afterwards. I understand
we have got some twelve or thirteen thousand ap-
plications made out in this form, and we shall have
to change all those papers unless this change is
made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
amendment which the committee recommend is
that it shall go to the father.
Mr. FOSTER. That makes the laws all har-
monious.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So I understood; butthere
is no necessity, 1 suppose, for getting up another
bill, because we can notify the House that the
Senate disagree and recommit it, and ask them to
do the same thing; and they may recommit it to
a committee, and then the committee can bring it
in in another shape. They can report their action
on the disagreeing votes, and, in a separate paper,
they can recommend that this amendment be
adopted and it can be adopted as a part of the
report.
Mr. HOWE. But I understand that the Senate
has expressly condemned any such recommenda-
tions in advance; it will not tolerate the commit-
tee's making such a recommendation.
Mr. LATHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator wilt
state his question of oidcr.
Mr. LATHAM. The unfinished business to
come up at one o'clock, is the Pacific railroad bill,
and that time has already passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asks
the Senator's pardon for not noticing the hour, or
the Chair would have called it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow this question to be
put.
Mr. LATHAM. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall the committee of conference be raised ?
Air. TRUMBULL and others. By the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What was the form of the
motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion was to
disagtee to the reportof the committee, and re-
quest a new conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought it was to recom-
mit to the same committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion was
modified by the Senator who made it before it
was put, so as to ask foi a new conference. In
what manner shall the committee of conference be
appointed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Chair ap-
point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the Chair will appoint the committee. The
Chair hears none.
Messrs. Sherman, "VVilmot, and Powell were
appointed the second committee of conference on
the part of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM.TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiiehidge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 2-SO) to establish and equalize the
grades of line offtccis of the United States Navy;
and
A bill (No, 365) to amend an act entitled "An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts."
The message also announced that the House had
passed the bill of the Senate (No. 299) for the re-
lief of Rose M. Haite, widow of Edward llarte.
The message also announced that the House had
passed the bill of the Senate (No. 171) to reor-
ganize the Navy Department of the United States,
with amendments; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills andjomtresolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident;
A bill (H. R. No. 474) to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue American registers to cer-
tain vessels;
A bill (H. R. No. 495) providing thattheofficers
of volunteers shall be paid on 5 he pay rolls of the
regiments of the companies to which they belong;
A bill (H. R. No. 499) making appropriations
