766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
appreciated fifty per cent., and, indeed, can hardly
be purchased at all. That is the condition that
has followed there. They are at the end of their
course; we aiejustat the beginning of ours.
Again, sir, a stronger objection than all that I
have to this proposition—I am stating the objec-
tions which everybody must entertain, because I
suppose these facts are palpable—is that the loss
is to fall most heavily upon the poor. I believe it
never was disputed, it cannot be in the light of
experience, that those who are injured most by an
inflated currency are the laboring men—the poor.
The large capitalist can bear it; but there are small
capitalists in this country whom it will vastly in-
jure. When you speak of a capitalist, in the com-
mon acceptation of the term, you mean a rich man;
but every man who is free of debt, and earning
something, and earning a surplus, is a capitalist;
and the great number of capitalists together make
up a great whole, and these are the men who suf-
fer by the disorder of affairs—the poor laborer, in
the first place,more than all; the small capitalist,
if I may so call him, next; the rich capitalist the
last of all. Such is the necessary result and con-
sequence always of a system of this kind.
But the answer to all these things after all—I
have stated one side of the proposition—is neces-
sity; and ogam I say if the necessity exists so
stringently, so be it. But that, too, is to bccx-
atmned Does the necessity exist to the extent
stated? Gentlemen say in argument in the other
House, and it is argued elsewhere, thai the notes
will not go without, the legal tender. 1 have a
reply to this. In the first place, so far as the Gov-
ernment is concerned, they must go; they must be
taken, if issued without the legal tendei clause, by
the public creditors, and to the whole amount of
$150,000,000. Why must thoy be so taken? Be-
cause of the moral force of the situation. They
need it; they must take the money and suffer the
loss, if there is a loss. But it may be answered,
"you are injuring the public creditor; why should
you in jure him; if he is laboring under this moral
force, why oblige him by that iorce^to take these
notes; why not relieve him;,} i reply, " to pie vent
doing him wrong are you at liberty to wrong all
the restof the world ? And if heislaboiingunder
this difficulty,and you too, are you thorcforo jus-
tified in making all the difficulties that 1 have enu-
merated, if they would follow?" Besides,sir,you
can tvmuneiate him, but you cannot remunerate
the community. If there is a loss to the public
creditor you have the power to make it up to him,
hut you have not the power, and never would have
the power, to relieve the community, if the ob-
jections which 1 have stated are well founded, you
never would have the power to relieve the com-
munity by legislation from all the evils tlmt must
follow.
What is offered ? Lot us look at it. What do
we now offer' Will your legal tender clause make
the notes any better? Do you imagine that be-
cause when you have the difficulties 1 speak of
upon you, you force people to Like these notes,
they are to be worth the money,and t hat no injury
is to follow? Why, sir, what is the consequence?
Does not property rise? Take your soldier nvcr
here; you say you are injuring him if you compel
him to take a note without its being a legal tender;
but will not the sutler put as much more on his
goods ? And if the soldier sends the notes tolus
wife to be passed at a country store for necessaries
for his family, what will be the result? The goods
that are sold arc purchased m New Yoik; the price
is put on in New Yoik; a profit is added in the
country; and thus the soldier loses just as much.
You are not saving anything for anybody.
But, sir, what do we offer without this legal
tendci clause? We aie offering notes, notes of a
Government such as J have spoken of, with the
interest secuied beyond a question if the amend-
ments piopnsed by the Committee on Finance of
the Seiiutoare adopted,based on the national faith,
and^with the power to deposit and receive interest
at five per cent, in any sub-Trej^uiy, and the
power of the Government to sell its stock at any
price, sacrifice it at any price, to meet whatever H
may be necebsaiy to meet. Willnotesof this kind
stand better when going out upon that credit, if
you put upon them the confession upon their face
that they ars discai ded by you and that you know
they ought not to be received unless you compel
their reception by h gal enactment? Sir, in my
apprehension, by that you would do worse; you
would discredit them yourselves in the begin-
ning. «
Mr. President, I beg pardon of the Senate most
humbly for having taken up so much of their time
upon this matter. I have consumed more time
than I intended; and 1 will endeavor to bring my
remarks to a close os fast as possible.
What is the argument against this view, and
what is the only argument, as 1 am very much
inclined to believe, that does exist? It is simply
that the banks will not take the notes unless you
make them a legal tender, and therefore they will
be discredited. It is then reduced to a contest
between the Government and the banks, or be-
tween the Government and certain banks; and the
question is whether the banks have the will and
the power to prevent it; whether the notes can be
discredited. Now, sir, I have examined this mat-
ter to sec and understand what the difficulty was;
and it has been stated by gentlemen to me, and
stated to our committee precisely where the trouble
lies. They say it lies in what is called the clear-
ing house system of New York, which is the great
center of business. They have a system there by
which balances are settled atacommon place,and
according to a certain form; the bank that is not
ready to pay its balances at a particular day must
borrow a certificate on a pledge of its assets of
what is called the loan committee, upon which it
must pay seven per cent, interest while it holds it,
and that it can use in settling its balances. There
are certain banks m New York, it is said, that
will not agree to receive these notes. Most of
them, perhaps, would; but there are certain banks
that would not, and therefore the result would be
tins: if, for instance, one bank took $500,000 of
these notes, and had them on hand, and they were
not lceeived at the dealing house, as they would
not be, because some banks refused to receive
them, the result must be that they hold them
without interest, while they are obliged to pay
seven per cent, to borrow the money to meet the
same balances elsewhere. That is a strange po-
sition of things, and undoubtedly, while it re-
mains, that might be the operation.
But let us look at it a little further. I have
stated what the character of this paper will be
without the legal tender clause. The objection is
founded on the idea that the notes will not be at
par, and therefore that, although they will not be
worth any more with the legal tender clause, the
banks will be compelled to take them. My belief
is, that, under the provisions of this bill as we
piopose to amend it, the notes will be very nearly
at par. 1 have the opinions of men on whom I
rely that they cannot, with the interest thus
secuied, fall at any rate more than five per cent,
below par, even at first. Suppose they shall be
a little below par, how can they be taken? We
all know what the business of banks is. We
heard nothing about it before the committee, and
yet wo understand it. The banks can receive any
deposits they please (and that is their principal
business,) payable m the same kind of paper—
special deposits; not exactly special deposits in
the sense in which we use the term m New ling-
land, but a deposit which is payable when drawn
out in precisely the same sort of funds. That is
the principal business of the banks of New York;
and what would be the very great harm of the
banks receiving this very paper as a special de-
posit, to be paid in the same kind of funds to their
depositors, especially when they can deposit it
themselves in the sub-Treasuney,' and receive five
per cent, interest on it?
Suppose the banks still refuse; although they
can icceive the notes as a special deposit, what
would be the consequence? The holders have
the pnvilegc of depositing this paper to a certain
amount in the sub-Tieasury. I do not believe that
the banks would be willing to see their depositors
leave them and deposit the notes in the sub-Treas-
ury and receive five per cent. Their business is
to make money. It would not be a very profit-
able kind of business for them to do that, and, in
my judgment, they would not do it. But this is
only an opinion of mine. I am entirely inexpe-
rienced m these things, as we all are more or less,
and I must say, that after all the study I have
trn d to give this subject, and in all the advice I
have tried to get from experienced men, i have
come to the conclusion at last, upon the whole,
that owing to the peculiar condition of things in
this country for so many years, nobody knows
much upon thequestion offinance—not even those
who are most familiar with it; for, sir, I declare
here to-day, that in the whole number of learned
financial men that I have consulted, I never have
found any two of them who agree; and therefore
it is hardly worth while for us to plead any very
remarkable degree of ignorance when nobody is
competent to instruct us; and yet such is the fact.
I can state to you, Mr. President, that on one day
I was advised very strongly by a leading financial
man, at all events to oppose this legal tender clause;
lie exclaimed against it with all the bitterness in
the world. On the very same day, [ received a
note from a friend of his telling me that we could
not get along without it. I showed it to hirr\,and
he expiessed his utter surprise. He went home,
and next day telegraphed tome that he had changed
his mind, and now though tit was absolutely neces-
sary; and his friend who wrote to me, wrote again
that he had changed his, [laughter;] and they were
two of the most eminent financial men in the coun-
try. Now, sir, with all this, it is rather a difftr
cult thing for lawyers and farmers and men not
accustomed to all these things,like financial gen tie-
men,to tell precisely what to doumd lam obliged,
after all, to draw upon the very shallow fountain
of my own intelligence and my own study to en-
deavor to come to right conclusions, although I
acknowledge myself very much indebted to many
gentlemen for the aid they have afforded me, of
winch, perhaps, I am making a very poor exhi-
bition.
Mr. President, I have some hope, I certainly
have some ground of hope, a reasonable ground
of hope, that our credit is soon to be very much
improved in foreign countries. I have read letters,
and I have had letters read to me within a very
few days, stating that our credit was rising in
London, and in which the opinion was expressed
that though notat this moment, yet in a very short
period of time our paper could be negotiated there
on favorable terms. We all know what the late
of interest is there; and our paper, if acceptable to
them, promises an investment which would be
sought for with avidity. 1 fear that if there is that
prospect, the passage of a clause like this would
finally destroy it; and 1 fear it for the reason, as I
stated before, that in my judgment it carries bad
faith upon its face. It may be necessary after all,
but that certainly is its character.
Now, sir, to what must, we resort to bring up
the credit of the country to meet all these things?
IIow is our credit to be sustained ? By a few sim-
ple pi inciples and by a few simple processes. The
first of these is taxation. Wc are all agreed upon
that question; the people are perhaps better agreed
than we are. Nobody in either House of Con-
gress hesitates to say that we must tax, tax speed-
ily, strongly, vigorously. We have the ability to
meet it. The people can bear it, and will bear it
with cheerfulness and hope.
The next means of sustaining our credit is by
practicing good faith with all men, and losing
nothing of that which has attended us hitherto
since wc were a people, and giving no ground
upon which any man or any set of men can say
that we are not willing, at any time, to make
every sacrifice that is necessary to redeem our
plighted faith.
The thud means is by economy, and I believe
we have begun to practice it. As I said before, I
believe we are learning how to practice it, and in
what manner we may economize. When I speak
of economy, I do not mean economy as proposed
by my honorable friend fiom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] by denying to those in the service of the
country u reasonable reward, by taxing them be-
j yond all other men; by saying to those who give
j all their time and all their labor and even their
| lives to the defense of the country, that in addi-
tion to bearing their share of the burdens which
j are imposed on all the people alike, they shall
j make a special contribution beyond all others,
1 and that they shall contribute it in an equal latio,
; no matter how it falls—a man receiving a great
salary like him who is receiving barely enough
to In e on—making no distinction. I do not mean
such economy as that, but economizing in the
great sources of waste and loss, and not playing
this game upon individuals.
Sir, m all this I have not touched the constitu-
| tional question. I have preferred to leave it un-
: touched. I have preferred even to leave my own
! mind uninstructed upon that question. It is my
