1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2749
for postal service on post routes established at the
present session of Congress; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) transferring
supei vision of Potomac water works to the De-
partment of ihe Interior.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day, bein  the unfinished business of yes-
terday, is the Pacific railroad bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
364) to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses, the pending amendment being the amend-
ment of Mr. Harlan, on page 3, lines fifty-one
and fifty-two of the first section, to strike out,
" such points on the one hundred and second me-
ridian of longitude west from Greenwich," and
insert, "a point at or near Fort Kearny;" so as
to read:
From a point at or near Fort Kearny to the western
boundaiy of Nevuda Terntory.
Mr. MOR.RILL. Mr. President, it was my
purpose when this bill was up the other day to
submit some remarks upon the bill generally,and
I then indicated a purpose to make a motion to
recommit the bill to a committee for the purpose
of correcting it, or for the purpose of making such
amendments as seemed to me to be important; but
I perceive that Senators who have charge of this
bill regard such a motion as unfriendly to the gen-
eral measure, and I now propose to content my-
self with proposing wuch amendments to the bill
as seem to me to be necessary in order to perfect
it in the Senate. Of couise, therefore. I shall not
trespass upon the time of the Senate by any gen-
eral statement of the character of the bill. The
question having been stated by the Chan to be on
the amendment proposed by the committee rela-
tive to the starting point of the road, I would
inquire of the Chair whether it is m order to move
to amend that amendment?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Maine that the understanding was
when we commenced the reading of the bill that
the usual course should be pursued on this occa-
sion as on the tax bill: that we go through and
pass upon the amendments lepoited by the com-
mittee, and then; after having acted upon them so
far as the committee had matured them, the bill
should be open to sucli amendments as might be
suggested by any other Senators. It would sim-
plify the course of business and expedite the mat-
ter Very much it" we pursued that course.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not design to interfere
with the general order proposed by the commit-
tee; but I do not like to be precluded from offering
amendments. My object is to make an amend-
ment precisely at the point in this bill indicated
by the chairman of the committee,and my inquiry
now is, whether the amendment under consider-
ation is open to further amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair."i The amendment now pending is an
amendment to an amendment, and consequently
it is not open to amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Will it ever be open' Will
it be open at some subsequent stage of the bill'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment usclf will not be open, but the object oi the
Senator can be accomplished by proposing a new
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I submit, Mr. President, that
after the amendment of the Senator from Iowa is
disposed of, it will be competent for the Senator
from Maine to move another amendment to the
ami ndment. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Alter the
amendment to the amendment has been disposed
of, the Senator from Maine can offer another
amendment.
Mr CLARK. That is the point I make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from New Hampshue to ask
whether another amendment to tiie amendment
would bo in order.
Mr. CLARK. There is now an amendment
to an amendment, and of coarse it precludes an
amendment m the thud degree, Ihe Senator
from Maine mqutied whether it would be m order
foi him at any time to move an amendment, and
as I understand the Chair to say lie might by and
by, perhaps, in some different form, I wish to
suggest that, after the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa is disposed of, then it will be compe-
tent for him to move an amendment to the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly. The
Chair misunderstood the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL. I will content myself then
to allow the Senate to pass the amendment pro-
posed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Iowa whether he proposes to insist
on his amendment to the ameudmentof the com-
mittee.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to amend the
amendment so as to make Fort Kearny or its vi-
cinity the starting point of the main line of the
railroad. My reason for that is simply this: if the
road should start at the one hundred and second
meridian, as proposed originally in the bill, the
starting point would be on an average Sbout three
hundred and fifty miles, I think, from the Missouri
river, the starting point, of the various branches.
This, including the length of line of two shorter
branches contemplated in the bill in the State of
Kansas, will make the branch roads measure in the
aggregate, twelve hundred miles; that is, twelve
hundred miles of railroad must be built from the
Missouri river to enable us to reach the starting
point of the Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. COLLAMER.. Will the gentleman permit
me to make asuggestion? Willhe define a little
more distinctly the point? Hisamendment is "a
point at or near Fort Kearny." That does not
mean any point; it may be a thousand miles from
it; it may be one mile; and ic may be near it in
some part of the world. Will the gentleman have
the goodness to make it more definite, say within
ten miles or five miles?
Mr. HARLAN. I shall be happy to accept the
suggestion of the Senator, and adopt any phrase-
ology he v. ill suggest so as to make the amend-
ment more definite.
Mr. FOOT. Say " not exceedmgfifiy miles."
Mr. COLLAMER. Say " at or near Fort Kear-
ny, and not exceeding fifty miles therefrom."
Mr. HARLAN. I will finish my statement of
the reason for moving the amendment originally.
Fort Kearny, 1 think, is about one hundred and
fifty miles from the various starting points on the
Missouii river, contemplated in the bill. Hence,
including all the branch roads mentioned in the
bill, without diminishing any one of those in the
State of Kansas, except the main branch, the
whole of i:.em would measure but six hundred-
miles, which would diminish the aggregate length
of branch railroads to be built just one half; and^
as the bill contemplates an appropriation of
$1G,000; or the issuing of bonds to the amount of
$16,000 for each mile of line of the road—for the
branches as well as the main trunk line—and ten
sections of public land per mile, it occurred to me
that it was very importantto diminish the length
of the roads as much as possible, if thereby we
should not damage the public benefit to be derived
fiom the completion of the line. Fort Kearny
is a point that has been agreed on, I think, by
railroad men heretofore, without any dissenting
voice, as a starting point, a point at which aU the
various railroad interests can unite. The roads
from the mouth of the Platte, from the mouth of
the Kansas liver, and from a point at or near
Sioux City, can all converge and meet near Fort
Kearny, without leaving the general direction of
the mam road contemplated. The committee have
agreed to diminish the length of the branches by
making the bill fix the one hundredth meridian,
instead of the one hundred and second, as the
stai ting point of the mam trunk. That will dimin-
ish my objection to the starting points named in
the Lull to fhat extent; but the one hundredth me-
ridian, as I understand, is something like sixty
m>les, certainly fifty miles, west of Fort Kcar-
nv; and, as lt'seems to me, is not a more favor-
able point of union than Fort Kearny iiselI. I
mv estimate is correct, there cannot be less tha
fitly miles of excess of branch roads to be built
I in order to conform to the amendment as it now
stands, and this will require the construction of at
i least one hundred mil's of railroad which are
1 unnecessary, and consequently the outlay ot
1 «1 600,000 in bonds: and, estimating the land to
' be worth $2 50an acre, $1,600,000 worth ot land:
If
or, in the aggregate, $3,200,000 worth of bonds
and land.
If we can save $3,200,000 by causing these
branch roads to converge fifty or sixty miles nearer
the Missouri river, it seems to me to be the duty
of the Senate to so amend the bill as to require
this convergence at the nearer point; and this is
my only object in proposing the amendment that
I have submitted. 1 believe that the Iowa branches
can be accommodated, pei haps accommodated al-
together as well, on the one hundredth meridian
as they can at the point I mention. I do not be-
lieve that the branch roads in which the people of
Iowa are interested will be damaged by naming
the point mentioned m the amendment proposed
by the committee—the one hundredth meridian,
instead of the point mentioned by me. It is a
simple question of dollars^ind cents; and unless
this additional expenditure will subserve thepub-
]ic interests, the Senatecertainlyoughtto adopt the
suggestion I have made. As far as I have been
able to understand the subject, the public wil! not
be benefited by extending the branch linep fifty
or sixty miles further west.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The House of Rep-
resentatives fixed the starting point at the one
hundred and second meridian; the Senate com-
mittee on the Pacific road fixed it at the one hun-
dredth meridian,at the suggestion of the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.] The position as-
sumed by the Senator from Iowa is that the
change of the point from the one hundredth me-
ridian to Fort Kearny will lessen the quant-ity
of land to be given by the Government for the
construction of the road. I have feltdisposed to
leave out of view in the consideration of this sub-
ject everything of a local character. The Sena-
tor from Iowa asserts that the change of the lo-
cation will diminish the amount of land guinted
for the construction of the road. 1 deny the prop-
osition. If he will look upon the map, he will
see that if Kansas eonsti ucts a road site will have
to do it up the Republican Fork. The shape of
the road will be as my arm is now, [so bending
it as to represent two sides of a square, or a right
an°le.] If Fort Kenrny be adopted,we have to
run up the Republican Fork and then run north
and east to reach Fort Kearny; and we get the
alternate sections for each mile that we run the
road for ten miles on each side.
The Kansas branch to Fort Kearny wil! be
longer than to the one hundredth or one hundred
and second meiidian. Fort Keainy is fifty-five
miies, say, east of the point agreed upon by the
committee. We have to run up the Republican
Fork, then run noitheast to reach Fort ICearny,
and we get the alternate sections on each mile.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator that
it is not so traced on the map.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is my under-
standingjand I am not to be governed by the maps
altogether. The Republican Foik and the Platte
river run to within about thirteen miles of each
Other in Nebraska,and the point agreed uponby
the committee would leave perhaps seven or eight
miles of road to be constructed off the Republican
Fork to reach the point that would be agreed upon
between these two interests—the Iowa and the
Kansas interests. I am as anxious to accommo-
date the Iowa interest as is the Senatorfrom Iowa.
The point agreed upon by the committee is con-
venient to us, and we make a road from Fort Ri-
ley to that point running northwest, instead of
north and then east. I hope the amendment agreed
upon by the committee will be insisted on by the
Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator fiom Cali-
fornia will allow me a moment, I wish to call his
attention particularly to one feature of the bill. I
perceive that in the first section the committee pro-
pose to fix and establish the one hundredth me-
ridian of longitude westof Greenwich as theeast-
ern terminus of the road. U strikes me that the
language is peculiar, and needs amendment, and
theiefoie I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from California to it. Beginning on line
forty-seven, page 3, the bill provides as follows:
And t!if: K<ud cuiposatton hdrby a.ulxn;^ d and em-
powered to layout, locale, cotiMuicr. nu ntr-li. maintain,
and enjoy <i continuous tail toad and n-loyr.tpii. vvttli Uie
appuiten.uice^, trom such points oti liie one hundredth jne-
lulian of longitude uenhom Gioenwich to the western
boundary of Nevada Temtoj\, upon tlie jouteaml tonus
iKremaftoj provided.
