1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'im
belief that where there is great difference of opin-
ion on a constitutional question,and has been for
many years, where there may be and lias been an
argument on both sides, if the necessity arises,
we may well leave that questid# to be settled by
the courts, and not attempt to settle it ourselves.
It is not for me to say whether this is one of those
occasions or not; but undoubtedly the question
will be argued; indeed, I know it will.
Sir, this is a great crisis truly. Everything de-
pends upon our credit and our ability to meet our
wants financially. T have no doubt myself that
we shall be able to meet them; and I must confess
to the leaning of my opinion, that we shall be as
well able to meet them without this legal tender
clause, as it is called, as with it; that our paper
will be as good and our credit and character much
better without it. Stiil I may be wrong, and I wait
for conviction.
1 have said before that there was nothing to dis-
courage us; that I believed the country, since the
breaking out of this war, never had such good rea-
son for hope as at this day. There have been times
when the people have been almostin despair; there
have been times when perhaps it may be said that
butfor the cause itself their hearts would have failed
them. 1 believe (hat those times are passing by.
We always meet, and must ahvays expect to
meet, in a Government like ours especially, diffi-
culties such as attend us now—perhaps not so
great, but greater or less—in the course of time.
No nation ever escaped them, and 110 nation can
hope to escape them. I would not have perfect
quiet always, in a republic especially. It would i
be a bad sign if it were so. It is contrary to the
very nature of our Government that it should ex-
ist. You never find quiet except undcratyranny.
Only in the dead sea of despotism is there a per-
fect calm. It cannot be looked for in the wide
ocean of liberty. Storms arise inevitably, and the
waves roll and dash turbulently, but bright skies
again cheer us, the agitated waters subside, and
their broad bosom is traversed by thousands of
tall ships laden richly with hope for the nations j
of the world.
Mr. COLLAMER. But for the rich feast in
which I have participated in listening to the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, I might regret that
time has flown so that I am compelled to begin at
so late a period of the day what I desire to say.
I am fully prepared, however, to admit that the
attention of myself and of others has been well
and profitably occupied. One remark fell fiom
the Senator, which lie thought propel to repeat,
that could not but attract my attention, because
it stands in limine at the entrance of the remarks
which I am about to make. If I understand him,
he says that if there is a necessity for the issuing \
of this paper and making it a legal tender, he is 1
ready to vote for it. I differ from the Senator
there, to begin with. I do not know how other
members of the Senate look upon the obligation
of their oath to support the Constitution of the
United States. To me it is an oath registered in
Heaven as well as upon earth, and there is no ne-
cessity that in my estimation will justify me in
the breach of it. I think those men who are now
risking their lives upon the high places of the j|
field to support the Constitution, are not to be ij
treated in this Hail by us with the concession jj
that we are ready, if the necessity calls for it, to [j
break it. All that our rebel enemies arc engaged ji
in is the overthrow of the Constitution, and all '■
that we are contending for is its maintenance and ;<
preservation. Let the necessity be what it may,
I cannot disiegaid the obligation of my oath to !
support the Constitution; and it is mainly with a ■
view to ascertain what is the tiue moaning of the
Constitution upon this subject that my remarks
are presented, though other things will run par-
allel with that tending to the same result.
Mr. President, we are now about to plight our Ij
public faith for the purpose of obtaining the use, '
at least for the time being, oflarge sums of money. 1
I perfectly agree with the honorable Senator from j,
Maine, that there is but one foundation fur our ii
success in an effort to obtain money, and that is j
plightell public faith. We may promise this thing; .
we may agree to-day to issue §130,000,000 of these
notes, and make them a legal tendei, and promise
that the amount shall never exceed that sum; but
we may repeal that to-morrow, if a regard for the
obligations of plighted faith will allow us to do 1
so; we have the power. If, sir, there be betrayed '
on the part of Congress any tender footcdncss;
any, the, least, indication that it does not regard
contracts honestly made as inviolable; 5twill have
lost the public confidence and broken the public
faith. If that manifestation be in this form, if it
be seen that Congress has broken or assisted men
to break their private contracts, will not the world
at once say " what confidence can we have in the
U nited States Governmen t that they will not break
contracts of their own, when they think they have
any interests to do so?"
We pause to inquire first what is proposed to
be done; and that leads to an inquiry into the lead-
ing features of this bill. What are they? I need
not go over them in detail, but will state briefly
the points in it to which I wish to call attention.
In the first place, it provides for the issue of Treas-
ury notes as a circulation; in the second place, it
makes them payable by the Government on all
debts due by it; and in the third place, it makes
them a tender on all private debts.
I admit that when the Government borrows
money, it must give some evidence of the debt,
whether by the name of Treasury notes or by
some other name, is immaterial. The power given
in the Constitution to Congress to borrow money
on the credit of the Government of course carries
with it the power to give a certificate of that debt.
Treasury notes have heretofore been issued in
various forms; but uniformly, 011 all occasions,
those Treasury notes have been receivable, even
for debts due from the Government, only at the
option of the receiver. Generally, that has been
expressed in the statute itself, that they should be
payable on any debts due by the Government, to
be received at the option of the creditor. This
bill, I understand, makes them payable absolutely
without regard to the wishes of the creditor. This
is the first time that has ever been attempted, even
111 relation to debts due by the Government. It is
not necessary to put into the bill that they shall
be received by the Government m payment of
debts due to it, though it is well enough to do so.
I should suppose that, according to the common
law, no man could refuse to rcccivc his own notes
towards payment of a debt duo to him. If I had
a debt due to me from a man, I would of course
receive in payment a note from me to him which
had fallen due. That is a common-law right. The
Government receives its own paper on debts due
to itself. But the point I am talking of, is the
proposition to make this paper payable by coer-
cion and receivable by force by all persons to
whom the nation is indebted. That is entiiely a
new feature, never before attempted in any ex-
tremities of our Go\ ernment, at any period of its
history, sin e the foimation of the piesent Con-
stitution.
But, sir, the more important feature to which I
wish to call attention is that the bill proposes to
make these notes a legal tender in payment of
private debts between man and man, with which
the Government has nothing to do. Wiiy is this?
What is the object intended to be effected by
making these notes thus a tender in payment of
piivate debts? I Jia\e before me a lettei addressed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Chase, to
a Representative in the other House, and which
was used in that body, from which I wish to read
for the purpose of seeing what is the object to be
effected, and why it is to be effected. Speaking of
these notes, he says:
" The making them a legal tender, however, might still
bo avoided, il the wiliingne.-s manifested by the peoplcgen-
erally by iailroad companies, and by man> of the banking
institution*-, to ic eeivc ami pay th^mas money m all trans-
action i weie absolutely or piaetically univci-al; but, unfor-
tunately.thoie aie ^omc peisons and &Oiiic institutions winch
icfu-e tu iecei\e and pav thorn, and who-je action tends
not rneiely to the unneeetsaiy depirelation ot the*c note'.,
but to establish dtsciiminatiou m burner's aganM those
who, m tins mattci, give their cordial Mtppoir to the Gov-
ernment, and ill lavoi oi tho-e who do not make ^ueh dis-
ciimination. This if po^ible, should lie pievented, and a
piovwon making notes a legal tender, 111 a gn at measuie
at least, pievent-. it, by putting all citizens in this lcspect
on the same level, both of lights and duties."
There is the statement. This feature of the bill
js ingrafted on it for the purpose of making the (
tiung precisely equal, and operating alike 011 all j
citizens of the community. IVov, what does the j
word "tondei" mean? 1 do not speak of it as an ]
adjective; 1 speak of it as a noun, a substantive.
It mean* an attempt at payment, an offer of pay-
ment of a debt due. It applies to nothing else.
Here comes a distinction which, it seems to me,
has hardly been looked at, in the importance in
which I view it, in all the discussions in the House
of Representatives, Who, under this bill, is com-
pelled to take this paper called money? Nobody
but those who have debts due them. Nobody is
compelled to take it for his property. Tenderean-
not be madetoamanto obtain his horse from him.
He has a horse to sell, he has flour to sell, mer-
chandise to sell, ijrork to perform, labor to do; you
cannot make a tender to a man for any of these
things. In all the great general affairs of life, this
provision, made, as it is .said, to make men equal,
can never have any application to them. Itapplies
to nobody except some man who has been so un-
fortunate as to incur the public displeasure be-
cause he has saved a little money from his indus-
try, and has it in the form of a debt due him. It
is none but such an unfortunate man that can be
rcachcdby thispro vision, and thatis called making
things equal! 1 do not know what opinions other
men may have about equality. I have heard that
equality was equity. If they are convertible terras,
I say that is not equality nor equity either. The
number of people who owe debts in every com-
munity is very much larger than those who have
debts due to them. To all those people you ad-
dress yourself by this tender clause, saying, " we
engage all of you who owe debts to depreciate this
paper as much as you can and get it as cheap as
you can, to cheat your creditors with." That is
enlisting a very great aid, I take it, to the cur-
rency of this paper.
It is hardly necessary that I should elaborate
this point; but I will here remark, that this was
the great seminal principle that occasioned all the
trouble in this country in 1he time of our Revo-
lution and the period succeeding the Revolution
up to the time of the formation of the present
Constitution, in regard to money matters. It is that
resort was then had on all occasions, whenever
there was a public pressure, to some sort of relief
laws, or stay laws, or tender laws; some species
of imaginary provision of relief was constantly
puisucd, and this temporizing policy demoral-
ized the whole community, destroyed all confi-
dence, public and private, and entirely destroyed
all credit and all trade.
Here is the same thing now. I know it is easy
to talk about the hard-hearted creditor and the
unfortunate poor debtor. That kind of argument
is often addressed to our humanity, and by and
by I suppose it will be addressed to ourcupidity,
if there arc more of our constituents that can be
lelicved by making a provision of this kind to
pay off their debts cheap and easy. I suppose it
was on account of representatives trying to ac-
commodate their constituents in that way, that
the caily writers said that the very possession of
the power to do a thing of this kind was demoral-
izing to those who possessed that power. Cycles
in national affairs, in politics, as well as in nat-
ural philosophy, return to us; and I cannot but
here feel it my duty somewhat to elaborate this
point, and to show that this very idea of ciedit
and relief laws was the beginning of trouble in this
country, and that it never ended until the present
Constitution was adopted, and the people were
relieved cx necessitate from those delusions which
they had been accustomed to follow. On this
point I will lead from Judge Story on the Consti-
tu tion:
•'•The piohilntion-' [on the States] uto 'emit bills of
ciedit1 eaimot, perhap-, be more foicibly vindicated than
by quoting tin* glowing language of the Fedeialist, a lan-
guage justified by that of almost eveiyeotempoiary writer,
and attested in its truth by facts, fiom which the mind in-
voluntarily tui ns away at once with disgust and indignation.
* This piombmon,'  ,ay ! the Federalist, * miht give pleasure
to ovety citizen in ptoporuon to his love of ju«uee, and his
knowledge of the true spungy of public piospeuty. The
!oi  which America lias sustained since the peace iiom U10
pestilent effectsofpapei money on the nocessarv confidence
between man and man ; on the uecessaiyconiklencu in the
public councils; on the industry and moials of the people;
and on the chaiacier of republican government, constitutes
an enoimou-s debt against the States, eluugeahie with this
unadvised mea-ane, which must longiemam unsatisfied;
01 lathei an accumulation of guilt which can be expiated
no othes wke than by voluntary vici .fieo on the altar of jus-
tice of the powei which ha^ been the instrument of it.'"—
Utoiy's Commentaries Oil the Constitution, sec. 1352.
This was said in 1 elation to the States issuing
paper, and making it a tender. Judge Story next
pays a little attention to the subject ot what is com-
moilly called the Continental money. He gives
the history of this issue, amounting in the whole
to s300,000,000, though Congress had stopped
