1862.]
37th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2n
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Lata.
Ho. op Reps.
legislation, fosters and leads it up to the highest
point required, at least as generously, steadily,
and appreciatively as rival Governments have fos-
tered and are fostering theirs. Had the theory of
the gentleman from Indiana prevailed in former
years, when advocated with persistence, if not
with wisdom, we would this day be at the mercy
of our enemies. Containing within ourselves
everything necessary to protcct us from a world
m arms, we would be in the humiliating position
of inability to defend our institutions, assert out-
rights, and save the continent from being parceled
out among the monarchs of Europe, or reduced to
colonial subjection. Recent events have betrayed
the real feeling of Europe towards us. He who,
in the light of them, recommends a policy whose
effect would be to place us in its gripe, carries his
theories to the very verge of treason. For no truly
patriotic person would have this country depend-
ent upon Europe for any essential of defense or
any means of offense.
effects of the rebellion.
This rebellion,atrociousasitis, will bear many
good fruits. One will be to forever dispose of
those specious theories which have weakened the
Government, and were the foundation on which
secession rests. Another, to explode those false
doctrines of political economy which, forgetting
the nature of man and ignoring the ambition of
nations, the clashing of interests, the temptations
of power,and theallurements of weakness, would
regulate our legislation by delusive notions of the
benefits of unrestricted trade among all nations
rather than by the safer standard of regard forour
own interests and self-protection, as well against
the covert assaults of foreign trade as the open
assaults of foreign enmity.
Because the address of the caucus of the un-
happy fourteen practically adopts the specious
theories which are the life's breath of secession',
and places its signers upon the high road to dena-
tionalization and disunion, I reprobate them as
enfeebling and destroying. Because the doctrines
of the speeches of the gentleman from Indiana
would chain the country to European aristocracy
and wealth, would keep it chained, and shut it out
from the magnificent destiny which awaits us, if
we be true to ourselves, mindful of our powers,
and careful of our resources, I repudiate them, and
call upon the people to disown and frown upon
both as inimical to their prosperity, independence,
and freedom.
position of the president.
Least of all will the attacks of these gentlemen
impair the position of the President, who, begin-
ning his administration in the darkest and most
troublous period of our history, has overcome pre-
judices, won respcct, and secured admiration, at
nome and abroad, by unfaltering and single-minded
devotion to duty. The cares of his great office
have not confused him; its patronage has notcor-
ruptedhim; its brilliancy has not dazzled him.
Self-poised, he has steadily controlled the current
of events—with fortitude bearing reverses, with
calmness enjoying successes, with manliness meet-
ing all. Pure in heart, no one can assail his in-
tegrity, and the people love him. Great in mind,
he grasps, in all its parts, the momentous pres-
ent, and the people admire him. Brave in spirit,
he advances to great deeds, and the people applaud
him. Rarely are so great and fitting qualities
combined. 1 hey who seek to undermineand over-
throw him, will themselves be crushed. Rather
let them cease their needless warfare, become use-
ful instead of mischievous, patriotic instead of
factious.  , 
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN LAW,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 26, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bills to con-
fiscate the property and free from servitude the slaves of
rebclb—
Mr. LAW said:
Mr. Speaker: I intended to have remained a
silent spectator of the contest which has been go-
ing on in the House, for nearly a week, between
the supporters and opponents of the bills No. 471
and No. 472, presented by the chairman from the
select committee on confiscation. The first: "A
bill to confiscate the property of rebels for the pay-
ment of the expenses of the present rebellion, and
for other purposes." The second: " To free from
servitude the slaves of rebels engaged in, or abet-
ting the existing rebellion against the Government
of the United States." But the consequences of
these measures appear to me so momentous, the
result of them of such importance to the future
interests of the country, that I could not well avoid
faking part in the debate, knowing, as I do, that
a large majority of my constituents, when ac-
quainted with the scope and extent of these pro-
ceedings, will agree with me both as to their
unconstitutionality and their policy. 1 shall, how-
ever, in discussing them, confine myself strictly
to the subject-matters in debate, avoiding other
subjects upon which I may hereafter address the
House.
The difference between a civil war and a foreign
one is, that in the former you are at war only with
those in rebellion. In the latter all the people of
one nation are at war with all those of tne other.
There is no discrimination as in a war between our-
selves. One half of the people in the seceded
States, for aught we know, are loyal; even those
forced into the field against their wishes, and who
must cither fight or be imprisoned, ought not to
suffer the penalties of those who voluntarily en-
list. Reason and humanity teach this, and the
proposition was sustained by Justice Nelson in our
Supreme Court in the clause quoted by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts in his admirable and
logical speech on the question of" the relation of
the seceded States to the Union." You may fail
to protect your loyal subjects, but you cannotcon-
demn them. You cannot confiscate their property.
If you can, the government of Nero and Caligula
was not worse than your own. The plea winch
says " military necessity" authorizes the confis-
cation of all property found within the borders of
those States, whether of loyal or rebel men, even
though the former may have been forced into the
rebellion by superior force, is a tyrant's act, and
will reccive, as it will merit, the condemnation of
every justand honorable man. Yet the bill before
the House makes no distinction in the matter.
That one instrument which to us is a " guide by
day and a pillar of fire by night," must be pre-
set ved in all its parts; a violation of one leads to
a violation of all. We must construe it as our
fathers construed it, as the highest tribunal of the
country has construed it. It is plain and simple,
the " wayfaring man" can understand it as well
as the greatest jurist, if he has a knowledge of its
terms. For upwards of seventy years it has been
tried in the ciucible of statesmen and jurists, and,
"like refined gold, it has come out purer and
brighter" as every experiment has been made in
explaining its terms and language. Like the works
of all finite beings, it may be defective, but every
year of our progress proves that the more difficult
our relations, the more complicated our affairs as
a nation, the only sure test of our action and its
wisdom is best manifested by our adherence to
those rules which our fathers laid down forour
government in the richest legacy they ever be-
stowed on their children.
What is the end which we seek to accomplish
when this unhappy contest is brought to a close 5
There aie but two answers to this question. The
first is a division, as Abraham said to Lot, <£ let
there be no strife, I pray thee, between thee and
me, and between my herdmen and thy herdmcn,
for we be brethren. Is not the whole land before
thee? Sepai ate thyself, I pray thee, from me. If
thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the
right, or if thou depart to the right hand, I will
go to the left;" and-, judging from the language
and conduct of some of the ultra men of the Re-
publican party, this is the object they seek to ac-
complish—division—Mason arid Dixon's line to
be the boundary.
Secondly. To preserve the Union and the Con-
stitution m their unity and integrity; " to vindi-
cate in every part of this Republic, ' one and in-
divisible, " its supreme law," this is the grand
object, the one thing sought by every loyal man,
not only in this House but in the country. This
is the object for which your soldiers rallied around
the flag of the Union when it was thrown to the
{£ battle and the breeze." It is the one, and the
sole one, for which they are shedding their blood
like water on every battle-field of yourcountry. It
is for this,and this alone, they lay dead and buried
in your fields and forests far from their homes
filling a soldier's grave, or are now maimed and
wounded laying in your hospitals by thousands.
Sir, there arc now fifteen hundred of these noble
fellows, many of them from my own district, lay-
ing in the hospitals at Evansville, where I reside,
cared for, attended, and nursed, as if they were
their own relatives, by my own fair country-
women—Indiana's daughters—friends and foes
equally cared for. War is a terrible calamity at
all times. How much more so when carried on
between father and son, brother and brother, uncle
and nephew, as it is now carried on by us? A
terrible vengeance awaits the authors of it, not
only here, but hereafter.
Sir, the man who dreams of closing the present
unhappy contest by reconstructing this Union
upon any other basis than that proscribed by our
fathers, m the compact formed by them, is a mad-
man; ay worse, a traitor, and should be hung as
as high as Human.
When a man tells me that the object of the war
is (and without that object " he would not vote
a single dollar or a single man to carry it on") the
abolition of slavery, wherever it exists, in the
United States, I tell him he is making war upon
the Constitution itself, and is as dangerous to the
peace and liberty of the country as the veriest se-
cessionist in the rebel army, and should meet with
the same punishmentat the hands of the loyal men
of the country. Slavery must exist, and will ex-
ist, in every State where it is now allowed under
the provisions of the Constitution, by force of that
instrument; and until it is amended, and until the
amendment is made as prescribed by the organic
law, the right to hold slaves is ns clcar and defined
as the holding of any other species of property.
The right of these men to their slaves is vested in
them as fully and clearly as any other right they
possess, and this view of it has been sanctioned
and sustained by every jurist and statesman of any
eminence from the Animation of the Constitution
to the present day.
Sir, the proposition for confiscating the entire
property of these men, real and personal, not only
of those in arms, but of those who aid them—of
the whole property of eleven States and six mil-
lions of people—and, at the same time, emanci-
pating their slaves, withoutascertaining whether
they were guilty or innocent, is, to my mind, the
most shocking proposition ever submitted to a de-
liberative assembly since the world began. No
inquiry is made into the different degrees of guilt
— no inquiry whether the parties organized the
rebellion, or were forced into it against their will,
because you were utterly powerless to protect them
within twenty miles of the city. Why, sir, wore
not we, the Representatives of the people, sitting
here within these Halls, almost within hearing of
the enemy's guns, not a year since, arid doubtful
whether we ourselves should not be obliged to
abdicate the capital? Yet, by your act, without
indictment, you punibh a whole people, the inno-
cent as well as the guilty, and apply to rfrem not
even the same rules of evidence you would require
to convict a felon. By such nn act, you will de-
feat the great end so desirable to be accomplished,
and to accomplish which we are nosv carrying on
the war: " the restoration of the Union as it was
—the Constitution as it is.'' You take from the
rebel every inducement to submission, and give
him the strongest motives for resistance.
Sir, pass these acts; confiscate, under these bills,
the property of these men; emancipate their ne-
groes; place arms in the hands of these human
gorillas to murder their masters and violate their
wives and daughters, and you will have a war
such as was never witnessed in the worst days of
the French Revolution, and horrors never ex-
ceeded in St. Domingo, for the balance of this
century, at least.
I will not argue the legal and constitutional ob-
jections that may be made to these acts, one and
all, as has been fully shown by my friends from
Kentucky and Massachusetts, [Messrs. Critten-
den and Thomas.] The provisions of the Con-
stitution il lay directly in the path, and are fatal
