1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2751
miles of it, so that there is nothing in this ques-
tion simply as a pecuniary question, but there is
something in it aside from that. We are under-
taking in advance of the running of the surveys,
to fix the survey of the country, and that is what
wo ought not to do. I submit to the Senator from
Iowa that no surveyor has yet run a line to Port
Kearny, and we do not know where it is except
as it has been fixed by the topographical engineers
or some persons who have calculated the longi-
tude from the stars there. These rivers as they
are laid down on the map are not located by any
survey of the country. Nobody pretends that
the country there has ever been surveyed. We
know that the rivers run somewhere in that direc-
tion, and nearly perhaps as they are laid down on
the map. We know by gping over the country
that we cross these rivers at various points ; but
the precise point, whether in Kansas or Nebraska,
we do not know.
Now, sir, I submit to Senators, as there is not
fifty miles difference between the committee's
amendment and that of th  Senator from Iowa,
whether we should run the risk of placing the
road where it would, when it came to be sur-
veyed, be against the interests of the road and of
the country to have it, for the sake of naming a
point—Foit Kearny. I do not know but that
that may be the best place. I do not, however,
propose to hazard anything by saying so in the
bill. I think the Senator is mistaken in saying
that Congress unanimously, some two years ago,
acquiesced in this measure.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will allow me
to state that I did not intend to say that the mem-
bers of Congress unanimously acquiesced in it.
I said that as I understood it, the railroad inter-
ests that were represented here united in fixing
that point.
Mr. POMEROY. I have known railioad in-
terests here for a good many years, and I have
had some interest m this question myself, and I
know that we never acquiesced in any such thing,
either as members of Congress or as interests out-
side of Congress represented here. I do not know
but that Fort ICearny will be selected under this
bill, and if so, I shall have entire confidence in the
men who select it that they have taken the best
route; but I tlunk we run a great risk, before the
country is surveyed,before we know whether that
is the best point or not, in saying that it shall be
the point. I ask Senators if they are not presum-
ing too much to say in this advanced state that
that shall be the point? If, when the engineers
and surveyors go along the line, they say it is the
point, I shall have no objection. What I want
now is, that we shall leave it an open question,
and let the examination of the country by the sur-
veyors and engineers settle that point. I think
that is fair.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Kansas a question for my own satisfac-
tion. I should like to know if he has the charter
of the Leavenwoith, Pawnee, and Western Rail-
road Company of Kansas. I should like to see it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have here the statutes of
our State, in which the charter is contained. An
exact copy of it is 111 the pamphlet which has been
laid on Senators' tables, but the Senator can ex-
amine both the pamphlet copy and the statutes.
I only want to add that I hope the Senate will ;
not, at this stage of the proceedings, fix any par- ,
ticular point in the bill, and I say so withoutany j
hostility to the section of country which the Sen- I
ator from Iowa represents. I have not the least i
doubt that when the point is agreed upon, it will 1
be pei fectly satisfactory to the Senators from Iowa ;
as well as from Kansas, but it may injure the pro-
ject entirely to say in the bill now that the road ]
shall start from any particular point. If the routes I
had been surveyed, if wc knew precisely where i
they were, if we knew the obstacles we had to :
overcome in getting through, we should act intel-
ligently; but to ask us to vote blindly, when no
such report has been made, when no survey has
been had, to ask us m the dark to say that the road
shall stait at a given place, is asking too much. |
The Senate ought not to do it. if tiiev want to ;
guard and protect the interests of this bill, I am
sure they will loavu the point open. As we come :
so near the point named by the Senator, it is not
a question of any financial interest, and 1 hope it ;!
will be left open to be settled by the surveyors. ;i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tiie question n
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask tjje Senate to take this
question by yeas and nays. I differ from the Sen-
ator from Kansas, who says it is not a question
of any pecuniary importance. If his estimate is
correct, I understated the amount, for he measures
the distance between Fort Kearny and the merid-
ian of longitude mentioned in the amendment of the
committee as fifty-eight miles, and I estimated it at
fifty miles. I know that when we are appropria-
ting money by hundreds of millions, 1,3,000,000
may not be considered a large sum, comparatively;
and yet we labor in our committees hours and days
together to mate a saving of one, two, three, or
ten thousand dollars in an appropriation bill.. I
ask that the question be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to the Senator from
Iowa, I will say that his amendment is to fix the
point ator near Fort Kearny, and the Senator from
Vermont proposes instead of "near" to put in
fifty miles, and I say if" near" means fifty miles
this is a question of no pecuniary importance.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from Iowa will not ask for the yeas and nays at
this stage; he can ask for them after the bill shall
have been reported to the Senate.
Mr. HAKLAN. I prefer to take them now,
and let the question be settled at once. If the Sen-
ate is not in favor of that point, let it be made
known.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is evident there is
not a quorum here.
Mr. HARLAN. I think a quorum is within
reach.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
statement to the Senator from Iowa and to the
Senate before the vote is taken. The theory of
the bill, so far as Kansas is concerned, has been
to connect Fort Leavenworth, one of the largest
depots of the General Government in the West,
with Fort Riley. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa prevails, Kansas will be compelled
to make that portion of the road from Fort Riley
instead of in a westerly direction, I suppose forty-
five degrees, or one half northeast, whereas by giv-
ing us the one hundredth meridian of longitude
we follow the valley of the Republican. It is a
change of fifty-five miles directly east. We have
to run from Foit Leavenworth to Fort Riley, and
then northeast to Fort Kearny.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not seen the original
charter of the company to which the Senator re-
fers; but the points named in that copy of it which
I have seen for the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and
Western Railroad Company, are Leavenworth
and the western boundary of Kansas; and I am
not willing, in indicating the location of a great
national railroad, to make the interests of the na-
tion bend to the interests of a local corporation.
If they can so change their route as to connect
with this national railroad, I shall be content; but
if their charter is in such a condition as to require
us to bend the great road to suit them, I shall move
to strike out that portion of the bill which author-
izes the construction of their road; and we may as
well meet that question in the outset. I am not
willing that this nation should make a great na-
tionarenterpriso like this subservient to a mere
local interest, and that the local interest of a cor-
poration that, so far as the papers before the com-
mittee show, have never expended bona fide §1,000
m the prosecution of their work. We may as well
meet this question at the outset.
The bill proposes to start the Kansas branch at
the mouth of the Kansas river, but the charter of
the company proposed to start at Leavenworth,
and it makes the western boundary of Kansas and
Leavenworth the eastern and western terminus ot
the road, and the phraseology of the bill requires
that this branch road shall be built in conformity
to that charter. Now, I give the Senators from
Kansas notice that I shall not votefor the bill with
that provision in it, and when the proper time
comes I shall move to stiike out that phraseology
from thebiil. i ain willing for the interests ol Kan-
sas and M'ssouri to be considered; I think they
ought to be considoied m the location ot a national
ra.'lroad like this; but not to the prejudice of ali
oilier parts of the nation, and not to the prejudice
of the very interest of the road which we propose
to build.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understood that, so far
as this amendment was concerned, it would not
prejudice the interests of the Iowa roads. It is
only a question of economy, and cannot prejudice
the interests of the northern and Iowa roads. If
so, the remarks of the Senator from Iowa are not
applicable to this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I said that the interests of the
railroads in which the people of Iowa, Wisconsin,
and Minnesota are concerned can be subserved if
my amendment^hould not be carried, and hence
it is but a question of dollars and cents. So far as
we are interested locally, I believe wo can make a
connection at the one hundredth meridian without
prejudice to our local interests.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Iowa has gone off upon a question that I have
certainly not suggested.
Mr. HARLAN. The. Senator will pardon me
for suggesting that he intimated that if the Kansas
road should be built out as far as Fort Riley, it
would become inconvenient for them to connect
with the main road at Fort Kearny; and I in-
ferred from that, having read a copy of the char-
ter of the company, that if this bill should pass
in its present shape, the bonds and lands of the
Government would necessarily have to be ex-
pended on that very line as indicated in their char-
ter, and the road must be built from.the mouth ot
the Kansas river to Fort Riley before the diverg-
ence could be made; and hence I gave the Sena-
tor notice that if that were the fact, if that would
be impossible to apply these bonds and lands in
the construction of that branch road without dam-
age to the main road, I would move to strike their
road out of the bill, and that, so far as my vote
was concerned, 1 would not require a national
railroad to bend so as to subserve the local inter-
est of a corporation of this kind.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Iowa is still off the trade, Mr. President. 1 said
that the theory of the bill was to connect Fort
Leavenworth with Fort Riley. Why? Because
the committee have so amended the bill. The
Senator from Iowa is a member of that commit-
tee. Now, what is that amendment? I had no
reference whatever to the charter of the railroad.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator must not do me
injustice. I am now, nominally, a member of the
committee. 1 was not a member of the committee
originally, and had no opportunity to give u voice
in framing this bill or framing the amendments as
they were originally presented to the Senate. The
Senator knows this full well. I was added to the
committee, I believe, in good faith, on the sugges-
tion of the chairman of the committee, in order
that the committee might do justice, if they could
be enlightened on the subject, to the railroad in-
terests in the part of the country in which I live.
I felt much obliged to the chairman of (lie com-
mittee for his interference in that regaid, and have
attempted in good faith to give the committee the
benefit of my advice, as poor as it is; and now,
with the light 1 have received in the committee, I
am attempting to aid the Senate to the extent of
my ability. 1 am willing here to reveal all the
facts that I have learned as a member of the com-
mittee; but the SSnator must not do me the injus-
tice to say or to intimate that I had any oppor-
tunity to aid ill framing the amendments of the
committee as they were originally presented to the
Senate. My colleague reminds me, too, that this
bill has never been even formally referred back to
the committee forthe purpose of proposing amend-
ments since I have been a member of the com-
mittee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I had the honor to
move an addition to this committee. At the time
I made that motion I supposed that the Senator
from Iowa who has just taken his seat was a mem-
ber of that committee. I make that statement in
answer to the suggestion of the Senator fiom Iowa;
but the Senator from Iowa goes off in an assault
upon thePawnee and Leavenworth Railroad Com-
pany when I made no reference to that company.
I spoke of the theory of the bill before the Senate.
What is that theory? "The route in Kansas west
of Fort Riley to the aforesaid point, not further
west than the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude, to be subject to the approval of the President
of the United States." The bill itself fixes the
connection between the mouth of the Kansas river
and Foit Riley, and Fort Leavenworth and Fort
Riley; not the chai ter of the Leaven worth Railroad
Company, but the bill itself; and the proposition
