THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, %:G.'r
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1865.
New Series.....'No. 49* "■
and the further provision that Congress should
have power to borrow money on the credit of the
United States, and to emit bills of credit. Having
already ingrafted in the Constitution that the States
should have no power to emit bills of credit, or to
make anything but gold and silver a tender, or to
impair the obligation of contracts, they went on
to talk fuithcr about this provision that was in
the draft before them:
"Mr. Gouvern'eur Morris moved to strike out'and
emu bill:? on the ciedit of the United States.5 If the Uni-
ted States had ciedit, such bills would be unnecessary; if
they had not, unjust and useless.
" Mr. Butler seconds the motion.
" Mr. Madison. Will it not be sufficient to prohibitthe
making them a tender ? This will remove the temptation
to emit them with unjust views ; and piomissory note*, in
that shape, may in some emergencies he best.
" Mr. Gouverneur Morris. Striking out the words will
leave loom for notes of a responsible minister, which will
do ail the good without the mischief. The moneyed inter-
est wilt oppose the plan of Government if paper emissions
be not prombited.
" Mr. Goriiam was for striking out without insertingany
prohibition. If the words stand, they may suggest and lead
to the measure.
" Mr. Mason had doubts on the subject. Congress, he
thought, would not have the pouter unless it xverc expressed.
Though he had a moital hatred to paper money, yet, as he
could not foresee ail emergencies, he was unwilling to tie
the hand? of the Legislature. He observed that the late war
could not have been carried on had such a piohibition ex-
isted.
"Mr. Goriiam. The power, as far as it will be neces-
sary or safe, is involved in that of borrowing. That is to
say, Cougiess having the power to botrow money, could
give a ceittfleate on evidence ot the debt.
<• Mr. Mlrcer was a mend to paper money, though in the
present state and tompei of Amoi tea, lie should neither pro-
pose nor appiove of such a measure. He was consequently
opposed to a piohibition of it altogether. It will ttaiup t-m-
p.cion on the Goveinmcutto deny it a discretion upon tins
pnmt. It was impolitic, also, to excite the opposition of
all those who were friends to papor money. The people of
property would be t>ure to be on the side of the plan, and it
wa.j impolitic toputcba&e their further attachment with the
loss of the opposite cla^s or'citizens.
" Mr. Ellsworth thought this a favorable moment to
shut arid bar the door against paper money."
Its issue by the States was already provided
against.
"The mischiefs of the various experiments which had
been made were now fresh in the public mind, and had ex-
cited the disgust of all the respectable partol America. By
withholding the puwei fioin the new Government, moic ,
friends ot influence would be gained to it than by almost
anvthingelse. Paper money can in no case be necessary.
Give the Government credit, and other resouieee will offer.
The power may do harm, never good.
" Mr. Randolph, notwithstanding his antipathy to paper
money, could not agiee tostnke out the words, as he could
not foresee ail the occasions that might arise.
" Mr. Wilson. It will have a most salutary influence
on the credit of the United State* ; to remove the possibil-
ity of paper money. This expedient can never succeed
while its mischiefs are remembered 5 and, as long as it can
be resorted to# it wili be a bar to other resources."
I suppose that now the mischiefsare forgotten,
and hence the attempt is made.
" Mr. Cutler remarked that paper was a legal tender in
nocountiy in Euiope. He was urgent for disarming the
Government of such a power.
" Mr Mason was still adverse to tying the hands of the
legislature altogether. If there was no example in Europe,
as just remarked, it might be observed, on the other side,
that there was none 111 which the Government was re-
stiained on this head.
"Mr. Head thought the words, if not struck out, would
be as alauning as the m-trk of tiie beast in Revelation.
tkMi. Lanqson had rather reject the whole plan, than
retain the three words •' and emit bills.'"—Elliot's Debater,
vol. 5, pp. 4JJ4, 435.
The vote was then taken, and it stood nine
States for striking out and two against. The great
evil to be guarded against was emitting bills of
credit and making them a legal tender. To the
vote on this question, Mr. Madison appends the
following note:
" The vote in theaffirmat've by Virginia was occasioned
by the acquiescence of Mr. Madison, who became satisfied
that striking out the woid4* would not disable the Govern-
ment from the use of public notes, as f.ir as they could be
safe and piopor; and would only cut olF tiie pretext for a
paper nirrency, and paiticularly lot making the bills a tender
cither for pub'lic or puvate debts."
Such, sir, is my view of the Constitution; and I
would further say that all the men to whom we
have been accustomed to look, especially those of
that period, always entertained the opinion that
the Government of the United States could have
nothing else a tender but coin. The Constitu-
49
tion gives Congress power " to coin money"and
" regulate the value thereof." That is the consti-
tutional currency; and such was the practical con-
struction of the Constitution from that day; the
construction of the patriarchs who made it, and
understood the evils that were endured, and the
remedies that were intended to be applied. While
they lived, there never was such a thing thought
of as attempting to make evidences of the debt of
the United States a legal tender, let their form be
what they might. The time has come, however,
when perhaps the memory of those things has
passed away, and now it is attempted.
Mr. President, where is the power to do this
derired from ? It is said to be an incidental power,
falling within that provision of the Constitution
giving Congress authority to make all the laws
which are necessary and proper to carry into effect
the granted powers. When gentlemen desire to
get some latitude and elbow room for action, I
know that they are generally exceedinglydesirous
to get a thing into that category. If you can only
get the power into that incidental clause, you have
plenty of elasticity. It has so much india-rubber
substance in it that you can take just as much
elbow room as you want. There is, therefore, in
those who desire to magnify their office and their
power, a very strong inclination to resort to this
clause.
It is said to be incidental to a great variety of
powers. His said that Congress has power to
raise and support armies, ergo the incidental power
to raise money in this form or any other form for
the purpose of supporting armies 1 So it is said
that the Government has power to pay its debts,
ergo we may raise money in this way ! The most
general paefc-horse for this incidental power, how-
ever, has been the authority given to Congress by
the Constitution to regulate commerce, and this
power is said to be derived from that. I have
heard some considerable latitude of argument
about that.. At one time I thought Mr. Webster
went quite far enough in the discussion of 1836 on
that subject, when he said that inasmuch as Con-
gress had power to coin money and fix its value,
and money was the instrument of commerce, they
might therefore regulate bank notes and see to it
that the people were always furnished with such a
species of currency as was in their estimation
equal to money. That was pietty latitudinaiian;
but yet he always insisted that Congress had no
power to make anythinga tender butgold and sil-
ver coin, the value of which was fixed and pre-
scribed by Congress. But, sir, what is the power
of Congress to regulate commerce ? The Consti-
tution says that Congress may " regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the several
States, and with the Indian tribes.'' Here is a bill
authorizing the issue of Treasury notes and mak-
ing them a tender in payment of debts. I want to
know what that lias to do with trade between the
States? To my mind that,if itisdoinganything,
is regulating trade between me and my neighbor
in the same State, not regulating trade between
separate States, and not regulating foreign trade.
It is merely regulating a shaving trade between
debtor and creditor. The bill proposes to make
these notes a tender to pass as the representative
of value in trade between man and man. Under
this clause of the Constitution, it might be pro-
posed to adopt some measure for a commercial
agency or commercial functionary; but if you
make paper a tender, as I have before remarked,
nobody will be bound to take it in exchange for
property. Then \t cannot be a measure of regu-
lating commerce. It will not regulate it at ail.
But, I have another idea in relation to all this
business of incidental power. What is this meas-
ure? A bill to raise money to enable the Treasury
to get along. There never can be such a thing as
an incidental power m Congress to do a thing
where there is an expiess giant of power for the
purpose. If the power is expressly granted, that
power only is to be exercised within its own lim-
itations. You cannot abandon that express pro-
vision and hunt out for yourself some more con-
venient mode of getting latitudinarian authority
by laying it under an incidental power. TJiiqjs
a money measure, nothing more, nothing-Joss.
Congress is expressly clothed by the Constitution
with the power to raise money. The Constitu-
tion provides that " Congress shall have power to
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
to pay the debts and provide for the common de-
fense and general welfare of the United States;"
and that Congress shall have power " to borrow
money on the credit of the Unit* d States." There
is an express power granted to Congress, to raise
money; and it is further to be observed that the
Constitution not only gives the power to raise it,
but regulates the manner of raising H. There are
two modes; one is the levying of taxes in some
form under the various generic heads used in the
clause, " taxes,duties,imposts',and excises,"and
the other is the borrowing of money. Most cer-
tainly the making- of these notes a tender upon
debts is not levying taxes, duties, imposts or ex-
cises. Then what is it, for it is a money measure ?
It is in substance borrowing money. I have al-
ways supposed that wherever there was a bor-
rower, there was a lender, and I h tve supposed
that both acted voluntarily, one in lendingand the
other in borrowing, and some inducements always
held out to the lender. If I can put my own price
on my property that I have to sell, and put an arti-
ficial price on it when I know ihut 1 am going to
be paid in this paper, and I then take the paper vol-
untarily, you may say, perhaps, that that is loan-
ing my money. iBut suppose I am authorized by
the bill and 1 do take the $500 of paper which I
get for my property, and go over to my colleague,
Mr. Foot, to whom I owe money,and tender hint
the $500 of paper that cost me $300, and pay off
his $500 debt with it, I should like to ask some man
who is intimately acquainted with the idioms of
our language if Mr. Foot has loaned his money?
Do you call that borrowing money of Mr. Foot ?
There cannot be a greater perversion of terms.
The Senator from Maine spoke of forced loans,
and I perfectly agree with him, only I wish to be
more distinct and positive about it than he was.
This operation is not anything like as honest or
honorable as a forced loan. If I go for the Govern-
ment to my colleague and say to him " I under-
stand you have #1,ODD deposited in bank; the Gov-
ernment are in absolute want, and we will have
it; you understand we must have it; we shall take
it, and here is our certificate for the amount; if
we are ever able, we will pay you." There is some
kind of decency in that kind of robbery.. But
suppose, instead of that, the Government fur-
nishes me with some of this paper money; I get it
at a discount, and I go ana pay it over to Mr.
Foot upon my debt due to htm, and cheat him out
of $300; nobody on the face of the earth is ever
bound to pay him anything. I should like to
know which is the more decent, which is the more
just, which is the more honest of these two? If
you can make a thing; worse than absolute, direct
robbery, I think you nave got it about bad enough
in this tender clause.
Now, Mr. President, leaving the subject of the
constitutionality of this proceeding, about which
I have said all that 1 desire, I wish to call atten-
tion to a few other features of the case. The bill
concedes that the Government of the United States
has not credit enough to make these notes go. It
starts off with the concession that we are in such
a state of bankruptcy that we cannot get the notes
to go on our credit, but we must get an indorser.
That is a common thing in trade, and I do not
know that indorsing is a profitable business, but
it is here proposed that we shall have an indorser
for our paper, and what is the indorsement? This
is to be a tender on all debts, and we say to every-
body, 41 take it, and if you do not owe anything
to anybody, you can find somebody that does
owe something." That is to make them a cur-
rency. not upon the Government's promise to pay
the debt, but upon the tender clause. That looks
to me very much like the young lawyer's defini-
tion of a -p^ima facie case. He said that it Was a
case which was good in front, but bad in the rear.
[Laughter.] That is pretty much the condition
