770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
of this currency; it is to be good in front, but
tremendously bad in the rear. [Renewed laughter.]
What is the language of it? " Why, here sir, is
this note; I want you to take it and get along with
. it; but if you do not get the pay of us, you see by
the back it is tender for debts, and so you may
get the pay of those who do not owe the debt, but
hold a debt on which you can apply it at par."
That is the English of it. I have sometime in my
life seen a book about the way of putting things.
This is the way of putting things in the English
language, without any financial thimble-rigging
about it; but this concession of a want of credit
at the very start of your bill, an acknowledgment
of bankruptcy to begin with, is not, in my mind,
the way to make your paper go.
I have already said that here and abroad, in the
history of the world, such paper not only always
depreciates, but generally, and 1 think I may
safely say always, fails altogether, and is never
paid. It is now proposed to issue these notes to
the amount of $150,000,000. You mean to make
some other provision for getting along by and by.
I have nothing now to say 011 the subject of the
projected bank system. I may speak of that when
I see it, when 1 read it, and understand its merits.
I have nothing to say about it now. I have to
proceed with the measure before us, the one in
hand, or, as the lawyers say, at bar. Suppose
you issue these $150,000,000 of tenderable notes,
and they go into circulation at a discount, what
will be the consequence? I understand that the
circulation of all the banks of the United States is
now about $136,000,000, and we have about
$200,000,000 of gold in the country, though there
is very little of it, comparatively, in circulation.
Of course these notes of ours will fill up the ave-
nues of circulation, and they must displace some
other circulating medium. Of course, as has al-
ways been the case, this depreciated circulation
will displace that which is of more value. You
never can have two articles of circulation, two
money mediums that are not convertible into each
other, which can be in circulation at the same
time. The poorer crowds out the more valuable,
and always will do so. These $150,000,000 of
notes will fill up the channels of circulation, and
then what becomes of the bank notes that are re-
deemable? They are immediately crowded out,
and the country will have 110 circulation but these
notes.
Then suppose we carry out the proposed meas-
ure of taxation, which we have passed a resolu-
tion pledging our faith to do, raising#150,000,000
this year. That will justcover this issue of notes.
We send out our tax gatherers and wo take in
these §150,000,000 of notes for the taxes. Then
the whole community is left as bare as a picked
foose; the people will not have a dollar of any
ind; they will have no circulation at nil. That
thing'will take place but once. 1 feel myself au-
thorized, from the lessons of history as well as
of common sense, to say that it never will be suf-
fered by the people a second time. It cannot be
endured. Even if you reissued these notes, the
people would never consent to repeat that exper-
iment. I know that members of Congress here
do not mean to have the thing go on in that way.
They mean to have the notes received for taxes
and paid out until they are paid for good, and
finally taken entirely out of circulation. But, I
tell you that if the Representatives now in Con-
gress visit the people with an effect of that kind
they will give place to men who will not. When-
ever you issue paper which obtains a circulation
and depreciates and deteriorates, it crowds out all
the better circulation, and any surplus of gold
goes abroad. You cannot send this circulation
abroad, for it has no value there. It has 110 in-
trinsic value whatever; but it displaces all other
circulation, and the effect of it is that it deterio-
rates decidedly, largely. Butwhatthen? There
is not enough of it for the people to do their busi-
ness with. They demand more; and as it costs
nothing to issue it, more is issued at the public
demand. Every time a new issue is made the
paper depreciates; and every time it depreciates
it requires an addition to it in order to enable our
people to get along with business. That has been
the history of it everywhere. It was not only
true here in relation to the continental money, but
it was true in France in regard to their assignats,
and at last, for the purpose of relieving them-
selves, they resorted to monarchy. Sa it was with
Austria; so it always is. That is the nature of
the thing.
Mr. LATHAM. Thepaper money of Austria
stands eight to one.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe it circulates at
eight to one at this time. We have the lesson at
home. Why was not the continental money re-
deemed? For a plain reason. It went down in
five years to nothing. Some people had taken it
at twenty-five per cent., some at fifty, some at
seventy-five, some had taken it at forty for one.
It had been received by the people at all possible
scales and rates of depreciation. When the ques-
tion of redeeming it arose, it was at once said:
" we cannot make any equity among these peo-
ple, for they have taken it at all sorts of prices;
and besides, any taxes that we might lay to take
up these bills would be more unequal than it would
be to let them die in the hands where they are."
That has been the history of it always, and
always will be the world over. I am afraid of
repeating such an experiment. Iam free to ac-
knowledge that I am alarmed at the lessons of
history, in attempting to enter upon an experi-
ment of this kind again in this country. I look
upon this as, in a great measure, nothing more
nor less than the initiation of that same conti-
nental money. I know it is not so intended, but
such must be its necessary consequences.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator, while he is
on that point, allow me to mention a fact in ref-
erence to the continental money, that it was not a
legal tender.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir; it was.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand not.
Mr. COLLAMER. This was the situation of
it: the Continental Congress issued the money
for the States to take up. That Congress could
makenolaws; butthey passed a resolution calling
011 the States to make it a legal tender, and all the
States did make it a legal tender. 1 believe every
State did it; but I shall not be positive about
Rhode Island. That is the way it was.
Mr. SUMNElt. I meant to say that it was not
made so by Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. They could not do it; they
had not the power 10 pass laws, but they recom-
mended to the States, and the States passed laws
making it a tender. 1 lead to-day the declaration
of Congress that any man who refused to receive
it at its full nominal value, equal to gold and sil-
ver, should be considerid an enemy to the liber-
ties of the Uniled States. He was put into Cov-
entry, put out of society; but all did not serve; it
went down, tender or no tender, enemy or no
enemy to the Government.
It has been asked, "why not let the Govern-
ment issue its paper and furnish the circulating
medium of the country, instead of having the banks
do it?" It has been said that the banks issue their
paper without paying any interest on it, and that
the Government should have the same opportu-
nity to furnish a currency. To this 1 have but
one simple answer to make. I have merely to say
to the Secretary of the Treasury, who uses this
argument, " Sir, if you will redeem your notes 011
demand, as the bonks do, you may issue them."
But there is no provision made for the redemption
of these bills at all. They are issued, in fact,
payable on demand, but nobody pretends that they
are to be paid according to then- tenor.
In the next place, it seems to me that it is prac-
ticing a deception on the people. Poor people re-
ceive this paper for their wages. They go to the
matket to buy supplies for their families, and they
find that what they used to get for one dollar costs
two, and that a barrel of flour which used to cost
them five dollars, costs them ten. They soon un-
derstand the cause of it. If a man goes to tliem,
calculating and wanting to piaster the thing over,
he says to them, " Oh, these are war prices; ter-
rible high prices are the result of war," and he
endeavors to hoodwink the people to make them
believe that it is not the act of their Government.
This is a practical deception in which I am unwill-
ing to have any participation.
I know it is said by some gentlemen that they
do not care much if creditors should suffer. Le't
me inquire who it is that will suffer under this
feature of the bill. Let me put a plain case, which
must be well understood by all, at least 111 ihe
northern portions of this country. We have all
over New England and New York and Pennsyl-
vania and Ohio savings banks. There were over
forty millions of dollars in the savings banks of
Massachusetts last October. There are more than
two hundred millions of dollars in the savings
banks of the country to-day. In the little village
where I reside, in the recesses of the Green mount-
ains, there is a savings bank that has almost two
hundred thousand dollars on deposit. To whom
does this money belong? It is deposited thereby
the operatives in factories, the little mechanics,
the small farmers, the working girls in the facto-
ries. Whatever they save is deposited in the sav-
ings bank for a rainy day. The trustees who have
charge of these banks, loan the money out on bond
and mortgage, or any other security with which
they are satisfied, to the business people of the
country around them. They are enabled, after
paying the expenses, to realize and divide among
the depositors about five per cent, per annum. If
you pass this law, all the people who owe these
bonds and mortgages, all who have thus taken
loans from the savings banks, can get this paper
at a discount, or can get artifical prices for their
property, which amounts to the same thing, and
then they will go and pay off their debt to the
trustees of the savings banks with this paper, iron-
ically called money, and they must deliver it out
to these poor depositors. Who suffers? A hard-
hearted creditor? No, sir. Thelaboiingpoorlose
the savings of their little industry by this course
of legislation. Will these people when they take
that little which they have put by for a rainy day,
and go to market and give double prices for every-
thing with it, be satisfied with being told that all
this is owing to high war prices ? The fact is that
it is produced by the action of their Government
here in these Halls.
Mr. President, I have occupied more time than
belongs to me, perhaps not if the whole session
was reckoned, but more time than belongs to me
111 debate on this question. The results I have
come to are obvious and apparent. We have 110
constitutional power, we have no right to do this
great evil, and therefore I will not do it so far as
my voice can go. lt Is thy servant a dog, that
he should do this thing," if he is convinced that
it is unconstitutional?
I have but little to say about the subject of pa-
tiiolism. I have not been in the habit of venti-
lating my patriotism much in this body. 1 cannot
say that 1 have any more of it than the good Chris-
tian man had of religion, who said he had no re-
ligion to brag of. I do not know that I have any
patriotism to brag of. 1 have not stood here
finding fault with the Administration of my Gov-
ernment, nor have I said anything calculated to
weaken the credit of the Government, in New
Yorkorelsewhere, to lead the people to withdraw
their confidence from their Administration and
from their Government. I am content to let the
Executive do his duty, while I do mine. As to
my State, I can say 110 more, for I believe that no
State in the Union submits to the sacrifices that
she does to fill the ranks of her troops and keep
them full of competent men. She says to every
soldier: " I will pay you seven dollars a month in
addition to the United States pay, and will never
expect anything from the Government in return
for it."
Mr. COW AN. We pay eight.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, sir, it is very much
to your credit, but you are a great and growing
State; we are not. We have a further provision
that if any of them leave a family at home, we will
sec to it that it is taken cate of.
Mr. President, it is satd that after all this must
be done from necessity, I have already lemaiked
that I cannot subscribe to the doctrine that any
necessity can justify a breach of the Constitution;
but I do not believe in that necessity. The hon-
orable Senator from Maine has well gone over that
point. The remai ks made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island the other day, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] and those made to-day by the honorable
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]—men who
have paid attention to the subject—must convince
us all on that point. Sir, there is some courage
due from us. We have our friends and neighbors
risking their lives on the high places of the field
in support of the Constitution. You have not yet
raised the first dollar for this war. You hesitate
and palter and are in great distress and talk about
the country being financially ruined, when you
have not raised a single dollar, and have not tried.
Is not the Government able? It has the exercise
