2752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17.
[ by the Senator from Iowa changes the
theory of the bill, or it compels the Kansas Rail-
road Company to run north instead of west.
. 'So far as lam concerned, Mr. President, I have
stated, and stated in the presence of the Senator
from Iowa, and in his hearing, that I am willing
to Secure the consistency of the party to which I
belong, and to secure this great national work. I
am willing to ignore every single amendment that
hag been brought forward in the Senate, and vote
for- the proposition sent to this body from the
House of Representatives. In the lower House
of Congress, many years ago, I voted for a prop-
osition of this kind. I saw then that the great
difficulty was in agreeing to a route. After weeks
and months we did agree to a route. That bill,
after being passed by the House of Representa-
tives, went to the Senate of the United States,
and was there by the slave power beaten. So far
as I am conccrned I want a Pacific road, and if
Kansas lies in the way, do not turn out of the way
to avoid her. If, however, the great national in-
terests of the country demand that Kansas should
be thrown out of the line, I will vote for a Pacific
road by some other line that may be agreed upon.
It is to turn the trade of the world across this con-
tinent that I desire it, and I will not, by any vote
of mine, throw obstacles in the way of getting that
treat work accomplished. I have appealed to the
enutor from Iowa not to permit the local interests
of his State to interfere with the construction of
this great work. Iowa can be accommodated,
either by the House bill or by the one hundredth
degree of longitude, and Kansas can be accom-
modated; St. Louis, Cincinnati, Pittsburg, on the
one hand, and Baltimore, Springfield, Indianap-
olis, Columbus, and New York, upon the other,
by the way of the Hannibal and St. Joseph road;
and Chicago and the New England States by the
Iowa routes. I say, Mr. President, to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, that if he will not insist upon this
obstacle, so far as I am concerned I am wilting
to drop both of the branches through Kansas. I
would rather do it than that this obstacle should
be erected against the construction of this great
road.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say a word, because
I see that there is an attempt on the part of some
members of the committee to bind other members
of the committee to the action of the committee
itself. I am a member of the committee, and I
do not mean to be bound by the action of it, be-
cause I distinctly stated to the committee at one
of its meetings that I would not be, that I would
go on with it, attempting to perfect the bill, and
that I would leave it very much to them, they
being western members, to perfect the bill, but I
would reserve to myself the right to differ and
explain in the Senate my difference from them.
I hold that privilege to myself. Now, 1 cannot be
forced by anything said by the Senator from Cali-
fornia or the Senator from Kansas to yield my
assent to any amendment that my judgmcntdoes
not approve.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have made no such
suggestion.
Mr. CLARK. Not to me directly, but the
Senator expressed some surprise that the Senator
from Iowa should take the liberty to disagree to
what the committee had done.
Mr. LAN 13, of Kansas. I do not think I was
understood. 1 attempted to appeal to the Senator
from Iowa 
Mr. CLARK. And that appeal, I thought,
expressed some surprise, and intimated that there
was some want of candor and fairness. Perhaps
the Senator did not mean it m that sense.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I admire the adher-
ence of the Senator from Iowa to the interests of
his State. All I ask is that it may not be carried
to such un extent as to defeat the bill.
Mr. CLARK. It may be that the Senator does
admire it; but I take care in the outset that I shall
not be controlled in any way by any such sug-
gestion, and to give notice to the committee that
1 mean to exercise entire freedom and at the same
time candor in regard to these amendments. Now,
we have here appearing exactly what has appeared
all along, a difficulty as to the routes. Here comes
up at oncu a contest between Iowa and Kansas,
not vory strong, as to the line of the route. It is
a difficulty that lias stuck out all along, and it is
a difficulty which exists in regard to this bill at
the present time in ail its force, and I will state
what it is very briefly here; because I may as well
do it now. There has been a contest for years as
to where this route should be. The Kansas peo-
ple and the Missouri people wanted it through
Kansas, and some of them wanted it a little fur-
ther up through St. Joseph. The*Iowa people
wanted it in another direction, still further north.
They thought they could not all have it, or they
could not agree which should have it, and they
went to work to give it to them all. You have,
in this bill, aline from Missouri and Kansas, then
you have a branch from Leavenworth, then you
have a branch from St. Joseph, then you have a
branch still further north, and then another branch
from two States. You have made it almost a
centipede with its hundred legs, because you could
not agree to have one.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There are two legs
here; not one.
Mr. CLARK. % But the Senator from Kansas
contends that they shall be long; the Senator from
Iowa wants to shorten them, and bring it back to
Fort Kearny,to the ninety-ninth meridian,instead
of the one hundredth.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the permission
of the Senator from New Hampshire, I will state
that 1 have an amendment in my drawer which I
propose to offer at a proper time, to shorten the
branch from Fort Leavenworth and Fort Rijey
thirty miles, and the branch from St. Joseph, into
the main branch, fifty miles.
Mr. CLARK. 1 give the Senator notice that I
mean to shorten the Leavenworth branch more
than that if I can; I mean to knock it all out.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. You beat me.
Mr. CLARK. I mean to knock it out if I can,
because it is a great scheme to get the Govern-
ment's money and Govern men t's land without any
good. The Leavenworth route begins nowhere.
There is no line of Pacific railroad through Leav-
enworth. The road starts there, runs west, and
there-is no line West from the point where it goes
to. More than that, you have got the Delaware
lands to build that road, and now you come and
ask the Government to give you $16,000 a mile to
build it after you agreed to build it by treaty. You
undertook with the Delaware Indians to build that
road, and now you come here and ask the Gov-
ernment to give you $16,000 a mile after getting
the best land to help you to do it, when you
agreed in that treaty that you would do it. That
is a leg that ought to be shortened—no, sir, it
ought to be amputated, cut off.
1 do not mean to be bound by the bill as reported
by the committee, because it is not just; it is a
scheme to get the Government money to build five
railroads to the starting point, because you can-
not agree whdro to stai t. I am willing to build a
Pacific railroad; I am willing to start near Fort
Kearny, or at some proper point, and build it
through the deserts and over the mountains, so
as to give a national road; but I am not willing to
give the Government's money to aid the people
in particular States to build branches to it. Here
is a great network of railroads which you pro-
pose to build by taking the Government's money
out of the Treasury, if you fix a point near Fort
Kearny and initiate your road, every one of these
branch roads will get to it; you will not need the
Government money to help you to it. Build a
road from Fort Kearny out through the desert,
and every one of these branch roads that public
necessity requires will be built by the very men
who will manage them, and not by the Treasury,
and then you will have a road through; but here
you attempt to build the avenues first, and then
to build your road through, and then to take no
security for building the middle part of it.
I say these things in the outset, because I wish
the Senate to understand that I do not mean to be
bound by the action of this committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, I did
not expect such an assault as has been made upon
the Leavenworth and Pawnee Railroad Company.
I grant that this bill provides for loaning that com-
pany $16,000 a mile, to be paid at the end of thirty
years; and I grant that they have made a treaty
with the Delaware and Pottawatomie Indians, by
which they agreed to pay 25 an acre for land;
but docs the Senator from New Hampshire know
that under this bill the Pawnee and Leavenworth
Railroad Company will not receive a single acre
of land until after they pass Fort Riley r
Mr. CLARK. I know that very well. I know
they went through the Delaware lands, and we
permitted them to buy the Delaware lands at that
low price for the very purpose of enabling them to
build the road, and they said they would build it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let me say to the
Senator from New Hampshire that so far as the
Pottawatomie land is concerned,the Pawnee com-
pany have agreed to pay more than it can be sold
for to-day. It is some thirty miles that they pay
$1 25 an acre for the land, and they got no other
land, not an acre. You loan them $16,000 per ,
mile, and it is proposed by the Senator from Ver-
mont, I believe, to reserve half of that until the
Atlantic is connected with the Pacific by this road.
The Senator from New Hampshire suggests that
this is not the line. If he will look at the map,
he will see that the Leavenworth road runs from
Leavenworth to Lawrence, and up the Kansas
valley to Fort Riley, with the right to construct
a road from the mouth of the river to Lawrence
under their charter.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that very well.
Mr. LANE, of Kaitsas. The argument is that
this company have made a good bargain. If so,
it is evidence that they have the ability to do what
they agree to do, or what it is proposed to give
them to do. If this land is a speculation, they are
able to do what it is proposed to give them to do.
Now, one word more as to thatcompany. I ven-
tuie to say that the State of New Hampshire can-
not furnish a set of men more respectable in char-
acter, with a higher reputation for integrity and
ability, than the gentlemen connected with that
railroad company. They are entitled from their
character to exemption from assault.
Mr. CLARK. 1 made no assault on any mem-
ber of that corporation.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that that company had not expended
a dollar. I assure the Senator that the company
have expended thousands, and that they aie now
expending money daily upon the road in surveys
and getting it ready for immediate construction.
Mr. CLARK. I did not say a word about
what they had expended or had not expended.
I did not make any assault or any allusion to the
gentlemen of the company personally; theirchar-
actcr may be as high as that of any men for aught
1 know.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa-said
he had carefully read the charter of the Pawnee
and Leavenworth Railroad Company. If he will
turn to the third section of the charter as amended
by the Kansas Legislature of 1857, he will see
<( the said company may build a road to any point
on the northern boundary of the Territory." The
Senator from Iowa said it must go up to the west-
ern boundary; they are not compelled by the char-
ter to run to the western boundary.
Mr. HARLAN. I intended to convey the idea
that they were no more bound to'go to Fort Riley
than to the western boundary of the State.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will read the
amendment to the charter passed in 1857, he will
see they can build to any point they choose on
the northern boundary of the Territory.
Mr. HARLAN. I had observed that feature
in the bill, that they could build to the northern
boundary of the Territory, and hence I supposed
they were no more bound to go to Fort Riley than
to any other point mentioned in the original charter.
Mr.POMEROY. Itprovided thatifthey found
it necessary to deviate from the central route, they
might deviate to the north as provided in this bill,
so that we shall have no difficulty in going to the
northern boundary of the Territory under the char
tor and under the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. My only object in mention-
ing that fact was to show that the argument used
by the Senator's colleague was not an insuperable
one; that the corporation probably would not be
bound to build the road to Fort Riley, and they
might make a diversion before they reached that
point if it became necessary in reaching the main
road.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Iowa will admit that the bill itself as reported by
the committee compels them to do it.
Mr. HARLAN. I gave tiie Scnatornotice that
I should movp to strike out that pm t of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a single word
on the general feature of this proposition. This
