2754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
wittwdtihe kindest wishes in the world that the
local interests of that section of the country may
not be injured1, but be cared for as much as pos-
sible, I am' for disregarding these local interests
in our action about this bill, and letthose interests
adapt themselves to the line of the road wherever
we think it should go.
The Senators from'Kansas are looking at the
interest of their young State, in which we have
ali felt so much interest in years past; but, sir,
begin this road anywhere, at Fort Kearny, on
the one hundred and second parallel, or the one
hundredth parallel, or anywhere in that region,
and if the road be built, it will be a great benefit
to the State of Kansas; and they can construct
their railway lines so as to connect with it, and
take care of their local interests. It seems to me
that Fort Kearny is the proper point from which
to- start. I think we had better, by our votes,
settle on that point, and when we get that settled
we shall, in my judgment, make rapid progress in
considering the residue of the bill; for, as a whole,
it seems to me it is a good bill, and a bill that will
build the road.
I have little confidence in the estimates made by
Senators or members of the House of Represent-
atives as to the great profits that are .to be made,
and the immense business that is to be done by
the road. I give no grudging vote in giving away
either money or land. I would sink §100,000,000
to build the road, ar)d do it most cheerfully, and
think I had done a great thing for my country
if I could bring it about. What are seventy-five
or one hundred millions in opening a railroad
across the central regions of this continent that
shall connect the people of the Pacific and Atlan-
tic, and bind us together? Nothing. As to the
lands, I do not grudge them. We have given
lands to the States to build railroads. We have
fiven an immense amount of land to the State of
llinois to build a road through that-great State,
and with all the land, the stock of the road is not
at par. We have given land to Iowa, Minnesota,
Missouri, and other States to build roads. Some
of those States have not built their roads; and the
people interested in the line of the St. Joseph
road came here this winter and said they had re-
ceived very little from the sale of their lands. I
tell you, these grants of land to these roads are
no such great things after all. I hope they will
make money out of it. I think, however, it is but
a small contribution by this Government for the
great object in view.
I am willing to give this amount or double this
amount of land if it will aid in completing this
road. If anyone imagines that putting money
into these roads is to bring great returns, I think
they will be greatly mistaken. Anybody who has
studied the railroad interests of this country, who
has examined the condition of the various rail-
roads of the country and knows how they are sit-
uated, what their business of every kind and de-
scription has been, and has examined the value of
their stock, knows that the railroad business as a
whole in this country is no very profitable under-
taking. I want to be as liberal in money; I want
the bill to be so framed and guarded in the pro-
visions for the money we shall give; I want to give
that quantity of land and want it all so arranged
in this bill that when we have passed the bill we
shall feel that we are to have a railroad. If by the
liberality of this Government, either by money or
land, we can induce capitalists to putin the money
necessary to complete this road we shall have
achieved something for the country.
The only apprehension I have is whether in this
bill, or in any of the bills that have been before
Congress, we have offered inducements enough,
and whether we shall so arrange what we do give
as to secure the completion of the road. The great
cost to the Government is to be in the central re-
gions of the continent. I think it is an easy thing
to build the road east to the one hundredth par-
allel; it is no great thing to build it west of .Ne-
vada; but between those two legions, the great
portion of this expense must be incurred; and the
bill, I think, very wisely provides that while it
gives |16,000 in money on the ends of the line, it
appropriates $48,000,1 think, for those portions of
the road that are to go through the central part of
the continent, through the mountains and valleys.
I hope, however, that the Senate is not to be
blocked hour after hour,day after day, by the con-
sideration of any of those local claims and local
interests; but that we are by our votes to settle
upon what is best for the country as a whole, and
starting upon that point to press the bill with all
the vigor we can, and get it through within a day
or two.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts seems to think that this is a contro-
versy between the local interests of Kansas, Ne-
braska, Iowa, and Missouri, Missouri has taken
no part whatever in this discussion, and therefore
it cannot be properly said that the local interests
of Missouri have, so far, presented any obstacle
whatever to any action upon the bill. 1 regret very
much that any controversy should have arisen
about the particular point of departure with this
main trunk road. I am sure that Missouri will
present no obstacles in the way. It seems, how-
ever, that we in that particular locality are up-
braided because of the fact that local inteiests have
got in the way, and we in some manner or other
are charged with having presented those local in-
terests, and thereby have presented obstacles in
the way of early action.
Now, what is the true state of the case? As I
understand they passed abill in the House of Rep-
resentatives commencing this road upon the one
hundred and second meridian of west longitude.
The House did notfix any point of departure, north
or south, but merely fixed that as the point west at
which the main trunk road should commence. But,
sir, the Senate committee were not satisfied with
that. They have gone beyond that, and have fixed
two points between which this main trunk road
shall commence—the Republican river and the
Platte river. I do not think that, that amendment
ought to have been adopted. Upon whose sug-
gestion was that amendment adopted ? Was that
for the local interest of Missouri or of Kansas?
Surely the local interests of Missouri and Kansas
could not have required that, and yet the amend-
ment fixed it and brought it in a distance of two
degrees east; and it is placed upon the plea of
economy to the Government. Let us look for a
moment at that plea.
I understand it is proposed to build one of these
branch roads from Kansas City, on theboidersof
Missouri, and another one from St, Joseph, near
the northwest corner of the State of Missouri.
Kansas City is upon the thirty-ninth parallel of
north latitude; St. Joseph is near the fortieth. It
is now proposed within a very short distance, a
distance of not exceeding two degrees west, to run
this road north one degree, or peihaps as much
as a degree and a half, up to Fort Kearny. Sup-
pose it be ascertained by actual survey that the
best route to build the road to California is by
the way of Denver City, and I should like to call
the attention of the Senate to this fact. This is
an investment of a large sum of money, and the
security of the Government is in the value of the
road. The Government retains a lien upon the
road for its security. If the Government desires
to be more secure in the investment, would it not
be well to run the road by Denver City, which
is now becoming a very important point in the
Territory of Colorado, a point which is becom-
ing surrounded by a large and thrifty population,"
which cannot be said of any another point from the
State of Kansas to California, except Great Salt
Lake City? The Senate know the fact that Salt
Lake City and Denver City are near the thirty-
ninth degree, and upon a direct line with the com-
mencement of the road as originally proposed by
the House of Representatives. I cannot for my
life see wiiy Missouii should be complained of as
presenting local interests in the way of this mat-
ter, when we find it is proposed that the two roads
from Missouri shall, within a distance of two de-
grees, diverge northward one degree and a half;
and if it should turn out hereafter that the surveys
show that the most economical disposition of the
public money will require that this road should
run by the way of Denver City, we shall be com-
pelled again to diverge one and a half or two de-
grees south, in older to get back from t|ie diverg-
ence fiom a straight line. I see no necessity for
this, and much less ought we to be complained of
as presenting obstacles in the way of this bill.
Why not let the surveys determine entirely the
commencement of this road ? If the Senate desne
it, let them say the road shall commence on the
one hundredth mondial) of longitude; or if they
think proper, let them say upon the one hundred
and second; or if they prefer, let them put it fur-
ther west even than that; but do not require that
these branch roads down further south shall make
this divergence north, a distance of something
near two hundred miles, making an elbow in Kan-
sas and Nebraska. I see no necessity for fixing
the point between the Republican river and the
waters of the Platte. There is no necessity for it;
nor is it right nor economical that that should be
done. I am perfectly willing to leave it open; and
if Senators will meet me upon that proposition,
there will be no obstacle placed in the way of an
early passing of the bill, and an early building oi
the road. Let us leave it entirely open. If it is
best to go by the Cochatopee, let us go by that
route. If it is best to go by the South Pass, let
us go by that route. 1 make no objection what-
ever; but I want the surveys to determine that
point, and not be compelled to go by the South
Pass, or by any other route by fixing the eastern
termination of the main branch road, thereby de-
stroying the local interest of any portion of the
country.
I did not design talking about local interests, but
I find they are introduced here. I am willing now
to give up all local interests entirely, and let this
road commence at a point to be determined by sur-
veys on the one hundred and second meridian, and
I think that is the point. Then Iowa cannot com-
plain. Suppose this road goes by Denver. Sen-
ators will see that Denver is about thirty-nine and
thiee fourths degrees of north latitude. What is
the truth in regard to these Iowa roads? Suppose
we take the Burlington and Missouri river rail-
road coming in at Platte City, in Nebraska. That
is in latitude about forty-one degrees. Then there
would be between those two points a distance of
only about one degree. What is the fact with
regard to the roads in Missouri ? We should have
to go north from three quarters to one degree, an
equal distance, in order to get to Denver City. Is
not that fair and just? Is it not perfectly right?
Then Iowa cannot complain, bccause Iowa would
not have to diverge from a straight line further
south than the Missouri roads would have to di-
verge to the north Then there can be no com-
plaint on the part of Iowa, and I am sure 1 do not
intend to complain, whatever may be the decision
of the Senate in regard to it. I am really, sincerely
anxious to see this road built, and built at the ear-
liest practicable moment. There can benoinjustice
in a plan of that sort, leaving the question open.
Suppose you adopt thisextreme northern route;
suppose you force us to go to Fort Kearny, and
it should hereafter be ascertained by survey, as I
undertake to say it has been ascertained by sur-
vey, that the Denver is the best and cheapest route •
to California. You can build it many miles shorter
by going by Denver City or even through the Co-
chatopee Pass, than you can by going by the South
Pass. You save hundreds of miles of road, and
it is over as good a route. Suppose that it should
be ascertained by survey that it is necessary to
come back again to Denver City; then of course
you have to go south a degiee and a quaiter or
a degree and a half, after having compelled these
local roads from Missouri to go north one and a
half degree. If you adopt a provision of that char-
acter, at least give us the privilege in Kansas and
Missouri of uniting with this road at a point fur-
ther west than the ninety-ninth meridian west.
Do not compel us to go duectly north, and then
turn and go directly south again.
Mr. CLARK. Do 1 understand the Senator to
propose the ninety-ninth meridian ?
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 say, do not compel us
to unite our loads from Kansas City and from St.
Joseph at a point so far east as Fort Kearny.
Mr. CLARK. I understood the Senator to say
something about the ninety-ninth meridian.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand Fort Kear-
ny is on or about the ninety-ninth meridian. Is
it not?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot be very far
mistaken. It is about the ninety-ninth meridian
of west longitude. As this bill came from the
House of Representatives it gave us an oppoitu-
nity of having a direct line of road, or at least
more duuet than by the amendment of the Sen-
ate committee. I regret very much that the Sen-
ate committee adopted the provision compelling
us to unite with the road wiieiever it might be
commenced, back at the one hundredth meridian of
west longitude. It would have been better for low, i,
