m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
JMr. GRIMES- Then I suggest that we have
Wexecutive session.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I gave no-
tice yesterday that I should move to take up this
bill to-day at one o'clock, and that I should desire
the Senate, if possible, to go through with it to-
day. The Treasury is just in this condition: it
is enabled to get through this week by virtue of
the bill which we passed the other day authoriz-
ing the Secretary to issue §10,000,000 additional
in Treasury notes. Now, sir, we must pass this
bill in the course of this week through the two
Houses. If it is to lag along in the Senate we
sfiall not be able to do it. To-day is Wednesday,
and if the bill is to go over and should pass to-
morrow,it must be sent back to the House. The
House mayor may not concur in our amendments;
debate may arise upon them there, and we see the
difficulty in which we shall be placed. It is not
an unusual case in the history of the Senate, when
a bill is very pressing, that gentlemen have been
compelled to stay here after the usual dinner hour.
I think we ought to do it to-day, and go on with
the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Several Senators want to speak
upon it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Very well; there is plenty
of time before us until midnight or to-morrow
morning. I think we had better stay and go on
with the bill.
Mr. CLARK. We have no quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lfgentlemen choose to go
away and leave no quorum, they must be respons-
ible; that is all. The responsibility will be with
the individuals, and not. with the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I certainly do not wish the Sen-
ate t-o adjourn for my accommodation, or to post-
Fone this discussion an hour for ftiy convenience.
should have preferred a little more time to ar-
range what I would say upon this subject in view
of the discussion which has already been had. I
commenced to consider this matter ami to write
upon itatn time when the country was here pro-
testing against tho issue of any such paper as this
bill provides for. I thoughtupon it, and read upon
it, and wrote upon it until I convinced myself most
thoroughly that something like the measure im-
bodied in this bill was imperiously demanded by
the country; but what I wrote then is not exactly
pertinent to the debate which has been going on
111 the Senate. Still I will, as well as 1 can, give
to the Senate my views upon the measure as it
stands here.
Mr. HOWE then proceeded to make some
remarks. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix,]
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as a new
section, after section three:
Sec. 4, Aiul le it fuither enacted, That iho Secretary of
the Treasury may receive fiom any person or persons, or
any corporation, United State;! notes on deposit tin not less
than tlmiyUaysi, in sums of not less than jg;>uo, with an> of
the Assistant Treasurers or designated (iepositiiiies oi' the
United States authorized by the Seeietary of the Trcasui v to
receive tiiem, who shall issue therefor certificates oi deposit,
made in such form a. the Becretarv of llie Treasury ylutli
presenile, unit said certificates of deposit shall bear interest
at the rate of five per cent, per milium; and any amount of
United States notes so deposited may be withdiawn fiom
deposit at any time on the return ot said eeitifieates : Pro-
rbleil, That the interest on all such deposits shall cease and
deteimine at the pleasiiicol'the Secretary of the Treasury :
•Andprovided Jurlhci, That the agcrogao. of sueh deposits
shall at no time exceed the amount oi §35,000,030.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
amendment by insei ting, after the word " time,"
in the twelfth lino, the words "after ton days'
notice;" so as tot cad: u may be withdrawn ft om
deposit at any time after ten days' notice." in
case of an accumulation in the sub-Treasury, it
might be inconvenient to call for the money with-
out any notice whatever. There ought to be some
notice given, so that the Government may be
ready.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The question is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not propose to say any-
thing m regard to the amendment, nor to offer any
strenuous opposition to it, nor even to call for a
division; but I wish simply to state in a very few
words my objection to it. This I believe is the
only one of the amendments of the committee of
"Which I do not approve; and I think the effect of
it will be to prevent the conversion of this paper
into the bonds of the United States. Under the
present bill the notes may be converted at any
time into six per cent, bonds, but under the pro-
visions of this section, any one holding these notes
may deposit them with the proper officer, and draw
five per cent, interest upon them. Now, I ask,
what object would a man having this privilege
have in converting them into six per cent, bonds,
running twenty years? Under the operations of
this section, any banker, broker, or agent in the
city of New York, holding some of these notes,
may, by a simple deposit of them, draw interest,
and at the same time he may issue his own notes
in place ofthem. Inotherwords,theGovernment
of the United States is at the will of any banker
or broker, compelled to pay interest on these notes.
It is true theamount is limited to $25,000,000; but S
I prophesy that that limitation will be removed.
It is true, the whole matter is placed by the amend-
ment in the discretion of tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury, but that discretion, as a matter of coursc, will
soon be exhausted. I have no doubtthatthe great
body of these notes will soon be deposited in your
sub-Ti easuries, and five per cent, interest paid
upon them by the Government. It seems to me
that there ought to be no rest, no stop between
these notes and the twenty years bonds of the
United States. 1 record that as my conviction,
although I do not pretend now to call for a divis-
ion on it, because the Secretary of the Treasury
earnestly desires this, and I know aU the brokeis
and bankers desire it. I record itas my judgment,
however, that this section will do more harm in
preventing the funding of these notes than any
other feature of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLF. For the purpose of en-
couraging the funding of these notes into the
stocks of the Government, I would lie willing to
allow to any person who would fund them interest
at the rate of five per cent, per annum up to the
time of funding them. I would provide that who-
ever should take the trouble, to gather up these
notes, might be peimitted to draw interest at that
rate for a time not exceeding one year, as an in-
ducement to have them funded. But to allow them
to be deposited as notes, and then dtawn out as
notes, the depositors receiving five percent, in terest
in the mean time, would in my judgment operate
as the Senator from Ohio has predicted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will add another objec-
tion, for I do not intend to take up time or to create
any discussion. The effect of this will be to make
your sub-Treasuries all banks of deposit. Sup-
pose now a person in the city of New York has
$1,000 <^f these notes which he wants to transmit
to San Francisco. Ho will deposit the notes in the
sub-Treasury, where they must be kept to redeem
the certificate which is given to him; he sends the
certificate to San Francisco, and in the course of
commercial arrangements it will come back to
New York, thus performing a matter of favor to
the depositors; and yet all this time heisdrawing
interest from the Government. The Government
w ill have to pay live per cent, interest, while the
whole arrangement is merely for the convenience
of the depositor and no one eise. Under the cir-
cumstances, I may consent to allow this experi-
ment to be made; but I lecord it as my conviction
that within a very short time we shall be called
upon cither to repeal this section, or to remove
the limitation upon if.
There is another difficulty. We shall not dare
to repeal this section, because it is a stipulation
m favor of the holdeis of these notes, and the
public faith and the public credit will forbid us
removing any advantages which we by law have
given thiskind of paper,and we may tie ourselves
by this stipulation to an arrangement which will
not he convenient to us, but will be injurious to
the Government.
I merely submit these considerations to the
Senate, as I have already submitted them to the
Committee on Finance and to the Secretary of the ,
Treasury. I thinfc they are weighty. I
Mi. FESSENDEN. If it is to go no further j
than to have the objections of the Senator sub- j
nutted for his own benefit, and no question is to :
be made upon "it, I have no reply to make. j
Mr. SHERMAN. There is nota quorum here, j
and I do not. want to break up the Senate. j
Mr. HALE. 1 confess that 1 should like to !
have the reasons given for this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reasons are simply
these: the bankers say that these notes will ne-
cessarily accumulate at the banks, and that they
may not have any use for them for a limited time?
and that during the time while they were thu3 ac-
cumulating, they would not be drawing interest.
For instance, if it was a dull time of business, and
there was no forwarding of produce which would
call for paper, the notes would be accumulating
in large amounts.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Would not the same
thing happen, whatever kind of currency the
banks used ? Docs it not happen with their own
notes ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very likely, but
this is an inducement for the banks to take them.
That is the amount of it. This is particularly
desired by the banks in Philadelphia, and it will
be a very strong inducement for them to take this
paper, if they are able to draw a certain amount
of interest on it until the time when they shall
want to use it themselves. That was the argu-
ment in favor of the proposition; and they stated
that with that they would be willing to take the
paper. It struck me favorably. The Secretary of
the Treasury, on examination, was impressed in
thesame way by it; but he said that,afterall,there
might be some danger about it. and it should be
limited to a certain amount—$25,000,000—winch
he thought would be enough; and, more than that,
he should retain a control of it in his own hands,
so that he might put an end to it at any time when
he found that it woikcd badly. That does away
with the idea of any pledge being given, because
we notify all these people that the Secretary of
the Treasury will allow it just as long as he finds
it profitable, and no longer. That is the position
of it. It is limited to ^25,000,000, and is put
within the control of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and if it has the effect that I speak of, itgives
an additional currency to the notes. It may have,
unquestionably, some effect to prevent the fund-
ing; but if gentlemen cxpect the funding to take
place in the present state of the money market in
six pci* cent, bonds having twenty years to run,
when men can go into the market and buy the
Government bonds foreighty-five, it is an expect-
ation that will be very likely to be disappointed.
Another argument—it is an nrgument in favor
of the proposition, and I so used it to-day—is that
it will allow the sub-Treasuries to be used as
places of deposit. It is an aigument by which the
banks themselves are controlled. They live by
deposits. The banks of your great cities are not
banks of large circulation. Their money is made
on deposits. We want to induce them to take
these notes on deposit; and if we provide a place
where, if they do not take them on deposit, they
can be deposited by individuals, it is a strong
pressure brought to bear upon the banks to give
the notes a currency by taking them and passing
them themselves. Therefore, as it is desired, as
it is strictly limited, as it meets the views of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and is calculated to
accomplish good, and give a force to these notes,
which certainly they will want m order to have
currency in the market, I think the section a
highly important one, and I hope it will not be
stricken out; and such was the opinion of the
committee.
Air. HALE. I om not going to occupy time,
but it seems to me that if tho hjgal tender clause
is retained, this is giving these notes too much
advantage. If the legal tender clause is stiicken
out, then there might be a propiiety in inserting
apiovisionof this sort. As the Committee oil
Finance and the Secretary of the Treasury seem
to insist upon it, I will not make a noise about it;
but 1 think five per cent, is altogether too high.
I move to strike out five and insert four. That
will be plenty, if they are a legal tender.
Mr. FESSENDEN They proposed six, and
Mr. Chase put it at five.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I confess that, after hear-
ing from the honorable Senator from Maine, I am
not satisfied to allow these great bankers to gather
up these notes,and by simply depositing them to
draw five per cent., when, if they convert them
into a bona, they only get six per cent. What is
the inducement to the moneyed men of the coun-
try to put them into bonds? One per cent, only;
and your bond runs then for twenty years, wh< re-
us, if they keep the notes on deposit they have
five per cent., and the money is loaned on call,so
that they can call for it any day to go into a new
speculation. There will not be a dollar of these
