1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
Mr. BINGHAM. Unlike the gentleman, I have
not questioned his motives. I deal only with his
arguments and statements. The gentleman says
he w«juld not disband the invading army. I tell
him, if his theory is correct and his reasoning
just, he had better disband it, for this invading
army of ours, on every battle-field—at Pea Ridge,
at Fort Donelson, at Wilson's Creek,at Pittsburg,
and everywhere else, wherever they have fought
under the old flag—have struck down the strong
and vigorous armed rebels, upon whom old men
and defenseless women and little children are de-
pendent for their support. Sir, the American people
are not to be reasoned out of their rights and their
duties by any such false logic and false conclu-
sions. If the gentleman will not disband the " in-
vading army," he should disband his argument.
The gentleman says the world never saw such [
infamous legislation as is here proposed. The ,
world, I beg leave to say, never saw a more honest ,
endeavor to enact a more righteous law. That is j
the difference between the gentleman's opinion 1
and my own. The Congress of the United States j
is, in my judgment, criminal before God and man
if they do not promptly and speedily enact all the
legislation recognized by the law of nations and
contemplated by the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution, Co overthrow this rebellion, let the con-
sequences which may follow be what they may.
If little children are left desolate m consequence,
pray, whose fault is it? Is it not the fault, the
crime, of those who have conspired to overthrow
the Government?
I beg leave, Mr. Speaker, to remind the gentle-
man that when just civil government is imper-
iled, every effort must be made to save it. I beg
gentlemen to consider that whoever lays violent
hands upon the fabric of just civil government foi
the purpose of its overthrow, lays violent hands
upon the very ark of the covenant of the living God,
and forfeits and should be deprived at once of prop-
erly and life. Why, sir, there is no interest visi- j
ble to the eye of man tins side of the giavc more
important to all classes, old and young, to the
innocent and guilty alike, than a wise and just
government. That is ptecisely the instrument-
ality through winch it comes to be that men live
apart and separate in families. That is the pre- 1
cise instrumentality through which it comes to be
that mothers and daughters are respected and pro-
tected in the land, and are not owned and sold as
slaves. That is the precise instrumentality through
which it comes to be that little children are secure
and protected by the hearthstone. The gentleman
knows that never, since the morning stars sang
together, have any people upon this planet come
up out of the darkness of savage life to the beau-
tiful and bulliant light of civilization save under
the shelter, caie, and protection of civil govern-
ment. And yet, when these armed traitors strike
at this most beneficent and wisest of all Govern-
ments ever given to the children of men, and we
propose to disarm them by taking from ihem the
means by which and thiough which they would
accomplish their destructive purposes, the gentle-
man rises and talks about the inhumanity of such
legislation.
Mr. Speaker, I have said all that I proposed to
say touching this general subject. Let me, how-
ever, say a word touching the joint resolution
which ltis now proposed to refer to a special com-
mittee. The resolution was introduced into the
House at an eaily stage of the session by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. It is substantially what the President has
seen fit to intimate m his special message to this
House. Whoever looks into that resolution will
see that it provides for llie liberation of all the
slaves in the Republic. It pledges, ho we vei. 'n the
second section, full indemnity to all loyal citizens.
Heie, then,is a simple proposition, a very plain
proposition. It pledges the iaith oi the nation to
make full indemnity to all loyal citizens for their
slaves. I believe its enactment and enforcement
would disarm rebellion and save the Republic.
J appeal to my venerable fi iend Itom Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] whether ibis hill should not
pass and be enforced if iu enactment and enforce-
ment would bt ingsecurity to his neighbot sand my
neighbois, his countrymen and my countrymen,
brin^' peace to a distracted country, and make the
institutions of his fatheis and my fathers perpet-
ual, giving hope at least that they may outlive all
the ravages of time, and stand m all the hereafter
a landmark and a refuge for afflicted nations, only
falling at last, if fall they must, in that dread hour
seen in the vision of the seer, when the great globe
itselfmust perish,and the witnessnfits fall,stand-
ing on the sea and the earth, with uplifted hand
shall swear by Him that liveth forever and ever
that time shall be no longer. If such legislation
will be the proclamation and guarantee of peace,
perpetual peace itnd stability to the Republic and
its fiee Constitution, 1 ask my venerable friend
whether he would not vote for it> I cannot doubt
him. I want no response. What right has any
loyal man to complain if his relation as master to
a slave is severed by the act of the whole people
when by the same act he is secured full indemnity ?
Why, sir, theie is not a man in his place here who
will laise his voice and say that he denies the right
of this Government, in the exercise of its just judg-
ment, to take every dollar of the property of every
citizen m oider to maintain the perpetuity of the
institutions uf the country, with the pledge of the
whole people for just indemnity. 11c has neither
the bram nor heart of a good citizen who denies
it. Every man holds all that he has a sacred trust
for the common defense and the security of the
Government. I say that the little property which
I own—and God knows it is not much—the little
humble spot which I call the home of my wife and
children, is a sacred trust for the defense of my
country, and is liable to be taken, and ought to be
taken, any moment when it is necessary for that
purpose. I would be ashamed of myself if 1 sat
here and denied it.
I beg leave to suggest to my venerable friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that his bill
be so amended as to strike out the word " re-
quested," in the third line of the first section, and
insert the words u empowered and directed." The
amendment changes no principle or provision of
the bill, but only gives to it, if passed, the fuun
and effect of law. The gentleman's bill is the
very want of the Republic to-day; it contains not
, a piinciple or a provision which, dying, I would
i wif h to blot. 1 am for it or for any other bill,
! come whence it may, which will secure to the
] people, from the property of these rebels, some
I just indemnity for their gieat losses by reason of
' this rebellion, which will take from these trailots
their means of supportand the strength by which
they make formidable their treason, and which
will secuie lasting peace to the Republic, and re-
assert the supiemaey of the Constitution and laws.
The temble slaughter of battle is not the only
means by which this great rebellion is to be sup-
pressed—it must be suppressed by laws as well
as by ai ms.
Mr. LEfTMAN". Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of saying a few woi ds on the motion made I
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin.] 1
It struck me when it was made, considering the 1
temper of the House and the animated discussions
which have taken place on this most impouant
question, that it was eminently wise and proper |
at this time. It is manifest that on some points 1
there is little difference of opinion among the mem-
bers of Congiess on the subject of our present
troubles, while on others there is a wide differ-
ence; and for the purpose of harmonizing vari-
ances, and that we may come to som-1 pioper
agreement, I deem it ptudent at this juncture that
this resolution should be referred to a select com-
mittee, to be appointed by the speaker from the
body of the House, with all other lulls and reso-
lutions having in view the accomplishment of the
same purpose.
I was glad that the House adjourned last even-
ing without taking a vote on the substitute of the
gentleman from Ohm, [Vfi. Riyoham,] and I am
rejoiced that this House this mot ning reversed the
conclusion at winch it had atrived, without pub-
lishing it to the woild, by laying the bill upon the
table, in ordei that we may have time for further
and more mature deliberation.
When I said that there weie some points on
which the members uf the House agreed, I re-
fened to the causelessness and the unpiovoked
character of this rebellion, which has so sorely dis-
tressed the country. I had reference to the unan-
imity of opinion that it was the duty of the Exec-
utive to use all powers vested in him for the speedy
suppression of treason in the land; and that it was
our duty, the duty of loyal citizens everywhere,
to strengthen the hands of the President in the dis-
charge of the high mission confided to him. The
points of difference to which I referred were as to
the cause of the rebellion and as to the best means
to be taken for its suppression. It seems to me,
in looking at any question, however important,
however abstract, however complicated, that com-
mon sense best resolves it, and most speedily.
What is the cause of this war, and what is the best
way to terminate it? That a mighty civil war
exists in this land no one will dispute; but it is a
rebellion differing from other rebellions only in its
magnitude, perhaps I may say also in its utter
want of sufficient cause. It is, in point of fact,
an organized resistance to the law, a defiance of
the Constitution, an insurrection against the su-
premacy of the Constitution and the law. It is
not to be considered as a southern rebellion, or
the rebellion of States; but it is simply an organ-
ized resistance of a portion of the people of the
country against the authority of theGovernment.
It is only to be so considered and so treated. We
have oigarnzed a vast Army for the purpose of
aiding the Piesidentof the United States in his
efforts to put down this rebellion and with the
view of reasserting the supremacy of the laws over
the section of country now in arms against the
Government. The best way of suppressing this
rebellion is that which the President has com-
menced by calling out the necessary force to sub-
due the rebels and protect the Union. That is my
opinion in regard to this matter.
As to the proposed measures to reduce the se-
ccded States into a territorial condition, I wish to
say that it has not my approval. That is an in-
direct method of getting at this matter. It is not
the direct way of suppressing this rebellion. By
adopting such a measure we admit the position
taken by the secession leaders of the South, that
the disaffected States are actually out of the Union.
Shall we give them authority for the untenable
ground they have assumed? Shall we declare that
we aie making war against States? No, sir; we
are making war against the disloyal people in the
seceded Slates. We are making war against them,
and do not dnect our offensive operations against
the loyal as well as the disloyal people of a State.
If we are making war against the united people
of the eleven Slates engaged in this rebellion, we
may find that it is utterly impossible to put it
down. I have never allowed it to come into my
mind that we were making a war against States.
I believe that there is a majority of loyal people
i , the South, and that only a portion of them are
disloyal, against whom we have to direct our
offensive operations.
I am not in favor of any act of general emanci-
pation, because I do notthink that it is necessary.
While I say that, i also say that no man, how-
ever wide his experience, however great his sa-
gacity, can lay down any rule for his action in the
complication of events during the progress of this
rebellion. Therefore I deprecate theattempts I have
seen in this House to fix a policy to control us in
the future, whatever may happen. I would have
every man keep his mind clear and unprejudiced
to pursue that policy which the succession and
change of events in the progress of this war may
demand.
My fiiend from New Jersey, [Mr. Nixon,] in
his able and eloquent speech the other day, said
that he had no idea that South Carolina was " out
of the Union," and that her acts of secession were
nullities. Sir, that was a strong and perfectly
sound position. South Carolina is not out of the
Union. No State is out of the Union. There is
wo power vested in the Legislature, or vested in
any popular convention of any btate, that can
take a State out of the supremacy or out of the ju-
risdiction of the laws of this Union. Sir, it is ad-
mitting the doctrine of the southern leaders, when
we assume that we aie to make war against any
' State. We are making war simply against the
| people that are in rebellion in a section, and that
I section happens to be embraced within the limits
i of a State or several States.
But, sir, what I would say is, that the proper
way to put down this rebellion is to carry out the
conservative policy of the President, to recognize
the supremacy of the Constitution over the breadth
and extent of the land; over every State, whether
in revolt or no. The Constitution is suspended
for a lime, the laws are disregarded and resisted
for a time, but still the Union is intact, and South
Carolina is as much m this Union as the State of
Massachusetts.
