1796
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Mr. LOVEJOY. With tlic permission of the
gentleman I wish to ask him, if<these revolted States
are in the Union, what right the President has to
place Governors over them, as in the case of Ten-
nessee? . , ....
Mr. LEHMAN". I do not intend to quibble
about words, and therefore I will answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman directly. In the course of
my argument I said that no man, however wide
his experience, and however great his sagacity,
could lay down any formula for his action. Events
may complicate themselves, so that it will be
necessary to use every power that is vested in the
Government under the right of self-preservation.
As was said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] the safety of the people majr
become the supreme law; and when it becomes
necessary to carry out any of these measures, now
considered unnecessary and unwise, I will go as
far as the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the appointment of a Governor
for the State of Tennessee was an unwise one?
Mr. LEHMAN.' Well, sir, tins custom ofask-
ing questions is one which is often resorted to to
divert the train of thought of the speaker, while
at the same time it gives a very undue advantage
to him who, sitting by, is able to suggest them.
I will answer any question which, to use a word*
popular with the House, is germane to the sub-
ject; but I do not exactly see that the question
of the propriety of the action of the President in
appointing a Governor for Tennessee has any-
thing to do with my argument.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 would not disagree with the
gentleman in regaidto theUnion being intact; but
still it does not seem to me that we can consider
that precisely in the character of a State where
we even temporarily establish a government deriv-
ing its power from the Federal Government.
Mr. LEHMAN. I was proceeding to say that
I was perfectly willing to trust m the President of
the United States, and to submit to the justice of
his action, m whatever policy ho may ueem ex-
pedient to initiate for the purpose of reasserting
tiie supremacy of the laws in the disaffected Suites.
It may be necessary to organize temporary gov-
ernments', it may Ue necessary to send a Governor
there, for the time being, and, if the President
thinks it is necessary, I am perfectly willing to ac-
quiesce in the justice of his course, and 1 approve
of it.
And I will go further and say that, if it becomes
necessary in the progress of this rebellion to use
other measures which I do not think now neces-
rary, I will give my full and hearty awsent to them.
Mr.M \LL01tV. If tiiegentlemau from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, 1 wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois that neither he nor any
one else can toward Governor Andukw Johnson,
or Genetul Anjirhw Johnson, as a civil Governor
of Tennessee, appointed by the Piosident of the
United States in his capacity as the Executive ot
the United States. lie is theie, as i understand
it, as a brigadier general, acting as the nuhtaiy
Governor of the State, ami appointed by the Pies-
ident m his character us Commander-in-Chief of
the arnues of the United States.
Mi. LE11MAN. Every Representative upon
this floor litis considered the probable issue of this
rebellion, lie has considered what may attend
its progress It may be necessary that this war
may become—God forbid it—a war of extermina-
tion. It may he necessary and we may be com-
pelled to reduce these States into Territories. It
may be necessary for us to pa.sS acts of confisca-
tion. It may be a war of life and death, so far as
this Government is concerned. If so, the duty of
every loyal man is plain. It is to his Govern-
ment, and it is to gi\e up every dollar he pos-
sesses for the purpose of supporting the Govern-
ment, and if necessary to lay down his life. I do
not think that this terrible issue will ever come
upon us. 1 do tlunk that that issue may be has-
tened, and I do think that the readiest way of
bringing it about is by unwise, ciuel, and vindic-
tive legislation.
If, as I conceive, there are loyal people in those
States, how are you to keep them true to their
allegiance to the Guvernmentr Not by putting
moral power into the hands of disloyal men who
have raised the standard of rebellion, but by show-
ing them that the only object we have is to restore
the supremacy of the Constitution, and to carry
the laws which are now defied and resisted again
over every land. Let the influences of the Con-
stitution pass over that infected and clouded ter-
ritory, as the fresh air would rush in and fill a
vacGuum.
That is the way I propose that this Union is to
be restored. As the rebellion is put down in every
foot of our territory, the Constitution, without the
exercise of any legislation, passes, and the law
passes over that territory. Let our armies go on
triumphantly as they have, let rebellion be crushed
out from this State and from that State,and then
the Constitution passes over, with its supremacy
and its influence, and the laws are reasserted in all
their former force.
After this rebellion is put down, some legisla-
tion may be necessary; and if I am asked now
what legislation may be necessary, beyond some
modifications which maybe suggested, 1 say none,
absolutely none. If my proposition be correct
that the Union is still undissolved, that these
States have no power to secede, and that this is
no more than an ordinary organized rebellion
against the Government, (differing only m mag-
nitude,) after we have carried our armies triumph-
antly into the disaffected districts, and reasserted
the Constitution and the laws, nothing is to be
done except to punish these rebels by the exist-
ing laws of the land, and by the civil power. If
we cannot enforce our present laws, how can we
put into force any vindicatory acts we may pass
now. Our present energies should be wholly di-
rected to the restoration of peace to our disturbed
country.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. I0G) to author-
ize the distiict court of the United States for the
northern district of California to hear and determ-
ine upon its merits the claim of Pedro Chaboya
to a certain tract of land in California valley, La
Rosa de San Juan Bautista.
PAY QV MINNESOTA MEMBERS.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a joint lesolution (S.
No. 33) in relation to the pay of the first Senators
and Representatives m Congress from the State of
Minnesota.
CONFISCATION OV REBEL PROPERTY—AGAIN.
Mr. COX. I desire to say one word. 1 stated
that it had been decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States that all process issued from
United States courts should run in the States, and
that all proceedings, including levy, should be
had therein precisely as the laws of the States
themselves were. The gentleman from Ohio, upon
the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Bingham,] denied
that authority very truculently, and m that tone
in which he denies almost every legal proposition,
assuming to be the Moses and lawgiver of the
blouse, and disputing almost everything which
does not agiee with his own ideas.
1 have looked up the authority, and find it in 9
Poters's Reports, page 330—the case of Becis and
others vs. iioughton. The syllabus says:
"'Tlic pioee** aei <>( 1793 e\pre<>!y adopts the mesne
pioco.*< and mode* oi' pioccedmg ni suits at common law
j then e„\i->tiiig in the lu«he-t Slate couit under Hie State
l law* ; w lueli, of eouive, included nil the jeguhuion* of the
State laws a* to bail, and exemption* o! the party irom ai-
ie*l and impji.-onment. In icg.ird, also, to writs of execu-
tion, ami othei final pioec<«Om(l - the pi occcdin^ there-
upon^ it adopt* an equally conspiehen*ivo language, and
declaim they shall be the same ad were then Used in the
court* of the State.
" The rule ot the circuit couit is in pcifect coincidence
\\ ith the Scat'1 laws existing in It^b; and if it were not,the
ciicuit court hud authouty. by the vet) piovision-5 ot the
«un of 182a, to make such a tule, as a regulation of the pio-
eeediugs upon final pioce^, as to eoutoim the same to
those laws of tiie State on the same subject.5'
On page 360, the court says:
" But in faet the present ca«e doe<? not depend upon the
piovision of the act* of 17^) oi 179-x but it lsdnectly within
and governed by the pieces act ot the 3 Dili of .May, ltfid,
c h. G«?. That net, in the fir*t section, deflates thai tin; loims
of ine-ne pioces*. and the torm* and modes of proceeding
i in <uit* at common law in the courts oi the United States,
j held m States admitted into the Union since (as the
i State ot Ohio ha* been.) shall be tiie fame m t ncn of the
said States, ie^pcetivelv, as were then u<od in tiie highest
eomt of oiiLf'iial and L'eiieial jtn i*uiction in the same, sub-
ject to Mich alteiation  and additions <u* the said coui ts of
the United States, lespectively, slmi!, m then discretion,
deem expedient, or to such lobulations as the Supieme
Court shall think proper, fiom time to time, by rules, to prc-
f-eube to any circuit or distuct couit concerning tiie tame.
The third section declares that writs of execution, and other
final process issued on judgments and decrees rendered in
any courts of the United States, and ' the procee.lin there-
vponshall be the same m each State, respectively, as are
now used m the courts fif such State, &e.: Promled,
houcver, That it shall be in tiie power of the courts, if they
see fit, m their discietion, by rules of couir, so tar to alter
final process in such eouits as to conform the same to any
change which may be adopted by the .Legi^latine ot tiie
respective State foi the State couitti.
"This act wa< made after the decisions in Wavman vs.
Southard, and the Bank of the United States vs. HaHead,
(10 Wheat., 1 and 51,), and was manifestly intended to con-
firm the construction given in tho.se cases to tiie acts of 1789
and -1792, and to continue the like powers in the comts to
alter and add to the processes, whether mesne or final, and
to legulate the modes of proceedings in suits and upon pro-
cesses, as had been held to exi*t undoi those acts. The
language employed seems to have been designed to put at
rest .ill future doubts upon the subject But the material
considetation now to be taken notice of i*, that the act of
lt£8 expressly adopts the mesne piocesses and modes of
proceeding in suits at common law then existing in the
hnrheat State eouits under the State laws ; which, of coui e,
included all the regulations of the State laws as to bail, and
exemptions of the paity fiom ane&taud impn*onment. In
regatd, also, to writs of execution and other final piocess,
and 'the proceedings thereupon,3 it adopts an equally com-
pteheusive language, and declares that they shall be the
same as were then used m the courts of the State Now,
the words,' the proceedings on the writs of execution and
othei final ptocesV must, fiom their very import, he con-
strued to include all the laws which regulate the rights,
duties, and conduct of officers m the service of such pro-
cess, according to its exigency, upon the peison oi prop-
erty of the execution debtor, and aNo all the exemptions
fiom art est or imprisonment under such piocess cicaied by
those laws."
Mr. DUELL. I am in favor of the substitute
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] because I believe it is the duty of Confess
to pass an act giving freedom to the slaves of
those engaged in the present rebellion. I am not,
however, wedded to this particular substitute, but
stand ready to vote for any bill having for its ob-
ject the same general purpose. Sir, the Govern-
ment is launched upon one of those great con-
flicts with conspiracy and rebellion which every
great nation at some period of its existence has
been doomed to encounter, and from which, if met
with true appreciation and heroic courage, every
nation has emerged purer and nobler, and catmble
of more lofty deeds than ever before. A mighty
conspiracy, wielding prodigious ability, political
experience, and military skill, and prompted by
the towering ambition of gifted men, who know
no aim but the gratification of their own aspi-
rations, and no law but that of their own desires,
has undertaken deliberately the destruction and
annihilation of the American Republic. It aims
distinctly at the extinction of popular govern-
ment. it iebels, not against any particular law,
but against the principle which lies at the basis
of all free government, without which a govern-
ment of the people is impossible—the principle
that the majority must rule. It seeks to override
and overtlnow this principle by destroying the
Government which embodies it, and to erect upon
its ruins a despotism embracing no more of the
forms of freedom than may be necessary to com-
mand the assent of its subjects.
I need not say that the Empire State, which I
have the honor in part to represent upon thi.s iloor,
has no sympathy with this rebellion. Whatever
may have been the divisions of parties hithetto, the
people of New York have with one accord given
their assent and firm support to two propositions:
First, that obedience to the Constitution and the
laws must be insisted upon and enforced, as neces-
sary to the existence of the Government. Second,
that the election of a Chief Magistrate of the nation
in strict conformity with the Constitution is no suf-
ficient cause for the release of any State from any
of its obligations to the Union. The working of
our Government is based upon the principle of
the indisputable rights of majorities, and the peo-
ple have heretofoie relied upon the efficacy of fre-
quent elections for relief, even if they were per-
suaded that a great error had been committed,
rather than resort to bloody revolution for icdress.
There is a great question growing out of this
war which cannot be overlooked—a question too
formidable to be neglected, and it may be too ex-
citing to be easily settled. Jt, already flings us
shadow along the whole extent of the country.
The considerations which gather nboot it are .so
important, and the interests which if aifects are so
great, that it must awaken apprehensions in any
one who comprehends its power. [ speak, sir, of
the policy which this Government is hereafter to
