1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 If
37™ Cong....2d Sess.
Bankrupt Law—Mr. Ward.
Ho. c® Reps.
impressed anew upon the popular heart by being
adopted as the litany of a political party: "The
Union, the Constitution, and the Enforce-
ment of the Laws."
I now formally submit my amendment.
APPENDIX A.
An Act the better to preserve the Union.
Whereas the existing disloyalty manifested fcjy the present
southern rebellion rendeis it necesbary for further remedy
to enforce the provision of the Constitution ol the United
States requiring that "the members of the several State
Legislatures, and all executive and judicial officers of the
several States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation to sup-
poitsaid Constitution," which was intended to be observed,
arid should bo specifically enforced, and Congress has the
power to do so by a law that will be paramount to that of
any constitutionor law of any State oi Territory whose ofii-
ceis, &c., may so offend: Therefore,
Be it enacted, That whenever any of the aforenamed
members ot a State Legislature, or aforenamed officers of
a State or Territory, or delegates, or commissioners, or
other officers whatever, eieat<Hl by virtue of any law, reso-
lution, or charter of incorpoiation by any State or Territo-
rial Legislature, shall, alter being duly sworn and assumed
the said office or trust, act or speak, or aid, abet, and as-
sist, or give aid and comfort to disloyalty, or to any rebel-
lion or conspiracy, or assist in the s;une, against the United
States, or be guilty of ati act of tiea>ou, in fact, the said
office shall be forfeited and vacated. The proceedings to
enforce the same may be by an indictment or by petition in
the United States district court for the district m which the
office is to be exorcised, in the nature of an infonnation
stating the alleged grounds or facts against the party charged,
in connection with the office or tiust held by hi in. The peti-
tion may he, on the infoimation of ui\y one. filed by the dis-
trict or any other attorney of the court, or of any State court.
Where an indictment is found, bail may be lequired as lor
felony. Where the petition is filed, a writ requiring the
arrest of the p.irty charged may he issued by order of court
m term time, or by the clerk in vacation, and heatd as other
criminal cases; and on a hearing and conviction of the party
ch.uged, the office or trust shall be declared forfeited and
vacated, with costs against the party charged; and wher«
lie shall be a member of a Legislature, or delegate to any con-
vention (called by a Legislature) to alter or amend a Stare
constitution oi for any other purpose, he shall forfeit his sal-
aiy and fees and be fined $1,ODD. Ifa State Governor or other
State officer, or if an appellate or circuit judge, or mayor of
acity, he shall he fined $1,500; it a county or city officer,
$800, oi other officer, $500, one third of which to go to the
informer or prosecutor, and collected as other fines of' tho
United States.
2. And whenever any such office shall be so vacated, it
shall he the duty of the court so hearing and deciding to
cause the same to be certified to the pioper officer or de-
partment of the State, provided by its constitution or Jaws
to fill the vacancy. And ifitshould be a Governoi ot'a State,
and not be filled within thuty days fioin causes of disloyalty,
it shall be filled by tho President of the United States by a
loyal appointee jiro tempore, to fill the office foi the State
pntsnant to its constitution and laws, as near as may be,
until done in due and regular form by the constitution ol
the State. Appeals may be taken by the United States or
the defendant, when granted by a judge of the Supieme
C ui t of the United Slates, on a copy of the record to him,
and shall be docketed for first day of next term thereafter.
3. And whenever any such persons are so charged as
aforesaid, on petition being filed they may be arrested, held
to bail, and upon a preliminary hearing and piesuniption,
grant a temporary prohibition issued against their exercis-
ing the office or place until the cause is heard.
4. This shall take effect fioni its passage, and shall pertain
only to the office or trust and its mal-admmistiation, and
disloyalty, and not bar any prosecution for treason or con-
spiracy under existing laws, for acts constituting that
offense under existing laws.
APPENDIX 13.
To Hon. JVest II- Humphreys, Judge of the District Court
of tho Confederate States of America for the District of
Tennessee:
The confederate States of America, through Landon C.
Haynes, the jecetver for the eastern distiiet of Tennessee,
ie-pect('ully repicscnt unto your honor that within the ju-
lisdiction of thus comt there are [vauous items of pioperty
specifically emimeiated.] The said Sutes, by said icceiver,
show that said pioperty, real, and personal,and mixed,be-
longs to one ilouce Mayuatd, who has his doimcit and
who resides in Kentucky, or some one ot the States oi dis-
tricts of the United States, and who is m actual hostility to
the government of the confederate States of America, and
who adheres to the enemy ot said States, by speeches,
wolds, and acts, giving them aid and comfort in Kentucky
and other places in the United States, and is an alien eneniv
to said confedeiate States. Ail of which are situate and
bein" in the counties of Knox and Campbell, m the State
and within the distuct of said receiver. And the said con-
fedeiate States lurther iopre ent that the said ptopeity,
debts, claims, choses in action, are, as said States have been
infoimed by said receiver, under the control and supei vis-
ion of Mr-. Mayn.ud, wife of said Horace Maynard, and
the said W. P. Washburn, who residesin Knox county, in
this State, which property is liable to be seized, under the
act of the confederate congress for the sequestration of
the estates, property, and effects ol alien enemies. 1 he said
Mrs. Maynard and Washburn aie requited to set forth, on
oath, and specifically to describe said propeity, and debts,
and eho>es In action, aa they have full knowledge of the
same, and answer the inteirogatories beiewith filed, on
oath, and maiked exhibit A, as a part of this petition.
The confederate States of Amcucn, through said receiver,
therefore pray that the said persons having supervision and
control of said property, as aforesaid, who reside in the
county of Knox, be made parties to this petition, and that
a ropy thereof, together with notice, be issued by the cleik
of tins court to the maishal or his deputy, to be served on
said peisons. Said confederate States further pray that
your honor dircct said pioperty to be seized and seques-
trated, and placed in the hands of said receiver, and by hi in
sold or disposed of upon such terms and conditions as your
honor may direct. And on final hearing, the confederate
States pray for all such othei, further, and different relief
in the premises as may be consistent with the act of the
confederate congress.
LANDON C. IIAYNES,
Receiver for the Eastern District of Tennessee.
A true copy of the original.
William G. McAdoo, Clerk, <s*c.
EXHIBIT A.
Interrogatories of the Receiver.
To -
Sir: You will please file written answers, sworn to be-
fore some justice of the^eace or the confederate court clerk,
to the following interrogatories :
1. Have you now, or have you had in your possession or
under your control since the21stday ofMayiast, (1861,) and
if yea, at what time, any land or lands, tenement or tene-
ments, hereditament or hereditaments, chattel oi chattels,
right or rights, credit or credits,within the confedeiate States
of America, held, owned, possessed, or enjoyed, for or by
an alien enemy; orin or to which any alien enemy had,and
when, since that tune, any right, title or interest, either
dnectly or indiiectlv?
2. Ifyou answer any part of the foiegoing interrogatory
in the affirmative, then *<>t forth specifically and paiticu-
larly a description of such property, light, title, credit, or
interest, and ifyou have disposed of it in whole or in part,
or of the piofit or rent or interest accruing therefrom, then
state when you made such disposition, and to whom; and
where such piopeity now is, and by whom held?
3. Weic you since the 21st day of May, 18GI, and if yea,
at what time, indebted, either dhectly or indirectly, to any
alien enemy or alien enemies? ff yea, state the amount of
indebtedness if one, and of such indebtedness if more than
one; give the name or names of tho creditor oi cicditois,
and tho place or places of lcsidence, and state whether, and
to what extent, such debtor debts have been dischaigetl,
and also the tune and manner ot the discharge.
4. Do you know of nny land or laiuN, tenement or tene-
ments, hereditament or heieditaincnt's chattel or chattels,
right or lights, ciedit or credits, within the confedeiate
States of Ameiiea, or any right or inteiest, held, owned,
possessed or enjoyed, directiv or induectly, bv, or lor one
or more alien enemies since the *21st day of May, 1861, or
in or to which anyone or more alien enemies hud since that
time any claim, title, or interest, dnect or indued? If yea,
set forth specifically and particularly what and wheie the
properly is, and the name and residence of the holder,
debtor, trustee, or agent.
5. State all else that you know which may aid in carry-
ing into full effect the sequestration act of the 3Ulh August,
1861, and state the same astuily and particulaily as it there-
unto specially interrogated.
Receiver for the Eastern District of Tennessee.
Rule.
Garnishees to whom wiitten or printed iiHenogatoilos are
addressed, may make appearance by filing written answers,
sworn to before a justice of the peace or other competent
officer, unless specially ordered by the eouit to appear In
person.     
BANKRUPT LAW.
SPEECH OF HON. ELIJAH WARD,
Oi' NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
Jane 3, 1862.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. WARD said:
Mr. Chairman: The recent action of this hon-
orable body, in postponing until the third Monday
of December next all consideration of the bill re-
ported by the special committee " to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," is viewed with much surprise and
regret by a large class of our citizens who are
bo wed down by pecuniary obligations, from which
there can be no relief except through the provis-
ionsofsuch alaw. Supposingthat adequate meas-
ures to relieve honest but insolvent debtors, and
to afford creditors increased facilities for collecting
their just debts, would be reported early, or at the
proper time, during the present session of Con-
gress, I purposed making some remarks when the
bill should be discussed, but as the House has, X
think inconsiderately, and without a full knowl-
edge of the subject, summarily disposed of it for
a time, I deem it my duty to my constituents, and
to the country itself, to bring forward the chief
points of the question to a fair and just consider-
ation of the Representatives of the people. Such
an act I regard as of vast public moment, and one
that should not be delayed, even in a crisis like
the present,unparalleled in the history of nations,
when treason is seeking to overthrow the Gov-
ernment. While crushing out this most unnat-
ural rebellion, we should not be unmindful of
important measures, which, in addition to con-
ferring present benefits upon the people, will also
contribute to the future welfare of the country
upon the return of peace.
A more deep interest is felt on this subject in
our commercial cities than in other sections of the
Union. Tho benefits of a well-regulated bankrupt
law would be confined to no locality, butaffectall
parts of the country. The objections to such an
act aie chiefly made by those who, from tho nature
of their pursuits, are least conversant with the op-
erations of commerce, and who will be tho least
affected by the proposed change. It would be
conducive, I think, to the common weal if, on this
point, something were yielded to the mature judg-
ment of thepeopiein those placcs which are chiefly
concerned in this subject—to the commercial
classes, who, by their energy, do so much to
give life and vitality to industry and production
throughout every State. Some concessions should
be made by each for the common good. If trade
and commerce are fettered, a corresponding in-
jury is felt in the agricultural and mechanical dis-
tricts. Every portion of the country looks to New
York and other commercial cities for capital and
business facilities. Stagnation or paralysis, to
whatever extent they prevail in the great omporia,
injure tho national system of trade to its most
remote extremities.
The enactment of a just bankrupt law, impar-
tially and by proper rules regulating the relations
and interests of debtor and creditor, has demanded
the attention of Congress ever since the organiza-
tion of our Government. I deem the attention ot
the House is now especially due to the subject in
consequence of the effects produced by the pres-
ent rebellion, the ruin of many honorable and
loyal men, who, by their commercial and manu-
facturing pursuits, promoted in better tunen the
prosperity and employment of labor in the North,
contributing at the same time no little to supply
the necessities and comforts of life to the. South,
thus tending to unite the two sections of our coun-
try by the firm bond of frequent intercourse and
material interests, now for a time suddenly snapped
asunder to the infinite injury of the States com-
posing this Union, and of the world itself. The
rebellion which we are struggling to repress lias
its victims, not only oil the battle-field, butalso in
the ranks of commerce. The abundant crops ot
tho North, and the foreign demand for our bread-
stuffs, have preserved many of our citizens from
the experience of these disasters—perhaps from a
knowledge of their existence. In other cases, the
manufacture of (ire-arms, clothing, and other arti-
cles necessary for the welfare of the Army, or
progress of the war, has occasioned a local and
limited prosperity; but the pressure caused by cut-
ting off the southern trade increased the mercan-
tile failures so greatly that in tho aggregate last
year they exceeded by 9,041, or more than forty
per cent., the number of those who became insolv-
ent in the great crisis of 1857. A careful estimate
of these failures shows that they amounted to
G,993 in 18G1, while in 1857 they were only 4,932.
In this calculation those only^are included whose
separate liabilitiesamount to at least $5,000. Were
it possible to enumerate the smaller debtors who
have failed from the same causes tho aggregate
would be enormously increased. We cannot re-
store their lost wealth to men who have been over-
whelmed by calamities which they did not merit,
and of which they could not foresee the origin or
consequences, but it is at once our duty and our
wisest policy to enable those who are thus em-
barrassed and are willing to surrender all they
possess on earth for the benefit of their creditors,
to labor again with renewed hopes on behalf ot
themselves and their families, thus also contrib-
uting to the enlargement and reinvigoration of that
commerce and those varied industrial pursuits on
which the collection of the large revenue impera-
tively required for national purposes now so great-
ly depends.
Mr. Chairman, there are many friends of the
Union in the southern States who have lost their
