1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179?
pursue towards those in rebellion against its law-
ful authority.
To the conspirators in the South, who would
destroy the fair fabric of our Union, we owe only
the punishment due to th£ outraged laws of the
country: but to our friends among1 them, who have
endeavored thus* far in vain to stem the torrent of
disunion and lawless violence, we owe every en-
couragement and protection that can be rendered,
with a due regard to honor and justice, and with-
out the sacrifice of essential principle. Those con-
spirators who have crimsoned with blood and
desolated with fire and sword the southern coun-
try, who have plunged their people into beggary,
bankruptcy, and starvation, should be dealt with
as voluntary and self-convicted, criminals, and
should be subjected to the inevitable doom, in per-
son and property, which they have deliberately
invoked. Those capable of such violence to the
Governmentof their birth, such contempt of law,
such base ingratitude, such malicious treason—I
care not who they are or where they belong—are
miscreants, not men, who would fain soak their
guilty hands to the elbows in the heart's blood of
their own countrymen struggling to preserve from
rum the only genuine Republic on the face of the
earth. They are. in heart barbarians and mur-
derers, an4 their mission is infernnl. The leaders
and instigators of this giant rebellion are the most
malignant and mcanestof mankind, whose names
have already become a by-word and reproach
thioughout the civilized world. Language is too
barren fully to express the abhorrence of every
ioval heart towards the men that would plot trea-
son against this Union, and batter down its free
institutions, or would for a single moment medi-
tate the severance from it of a single State.
It may be well, before proceeding further, to
ascertain the origin and cause of this rebellion, for
if we can punish its authors and remove the cause
at the same time, a great point will have been
gained.
This rebellion is no spasmodic effort that came
suddenly upon the South. "The secession of
South Carolina," sajd Mr. Rhett, "is not an
event of a day. It is not anytlnng produced by
Air. Lincoln's election, or by non-execution of
the fugitive slave law. It has been a matter
which has been gathering head for thirty years."
We aie thus assured by one of the fathers nf this
rebellion that secession is not of recent origin.
The overthrow of this Government and the es-
tablishment of a slaveholding confederacy has
been the gre.it object and desire of certain leading
men 111 the cotton States for a long scries of yeais.
" The tariff was the pretext in 1832," said Gen-
eral Jackson, <£ and the next excuse will be the
slavery question." In 1847, John C. Calhoun
wiote a letter to a member of the Alabama Le-
gislature m reply to one asking his opinion as to
the steps which should be taken to guard the rights
of the South. Colonel Benton, m his Thirty
Years View, says tiiat this letter furnishes the
key to unlock Air. Calhoun's whole system of
policy in relation to the slavery agitation. In that
letter Mr. Calhoun says:
Instead of akunmns, we ou'iht to court the i^uc with
The IVoith on the j-lavetv qutvti.m. I would evn <jo one
;-r''p iuitiwi ami add th.it it i* out duly—due m out-elve^
to tne n<tion, and out political ln^tuutmn; to jomc ike itsue
on <!lC Noi th Had the £>nuth. ot even my own .^tate, b.iekrd
me, I would have jot red the js.-ue on the North in
111 another part of the letter he says:
k: )t the ^outh act a- it ou^ht. the Wilmot piovi-o. m-
of piovntii to he tiie mean< of -ucce^fullv as-aiiuig
n- and our p 'culi.u institution. m,u he made tin' means of
j-mv.'-Mui'N as-etruiii out equality and nyht-, l>) enabling
us to /\>>ec'thu is-iu' on the IVotrh "
Mr. Calhoun then proceeds to say that the issue
must be met iir.it of all by a resort to " retalia-
tion." He says:
'•Then ts hut one letnedy Mi-at ol disunion, and 1 hat is
to upon out by reltismtj to itiiliii the ^fipula-
tiotii m then savor. Amon-j the-e. the i.jrhc oi then ship.,
and eonimej ce to en'.ei and depait out poit< i? the nio-t
ci f ii.il. and e'.in bj eiiumvd. My impier-sion i.-^ thai" it
should he ie^iiiet«jdto mm-eoi'isv^Vn, w inch would ]e;n'e
0|i ',i the tu.de oi the\alle\ <>l th- aIis-1-..ppi to X>'\\ Ur-
ic,! Ms hy i ive>. and to the oi11 it son I tiet n em<\s In '"ail to,til:
and tend thereby to ilet«<h (he nortk'>'c^trni fiom the noith-
euitci ii
He then states that the only ditlieulty m the
wav is to serine the " cooperation oj all the blwx-
hulding States lying cn (he Atlantic" u1/.'* To this
end ho advisee toe holding of .scAithei n conven-
tions, so as to compel .submission on the pait of
the non-slaveholding States to the demands of the
South, or force them " to take measures to coerce
us, which would throw on them the responsibility of
dissolving the Union."
Colonel Benton uttered the truth when he de-
clared that this letter furnished the " key which
unlocks his (Calhoun's) whole system of slavery
agitation, which he commenced in 1835. That
system was to force issues upon the North under the
pretext of self-defense, and to sectionalize the South,
preparatory to disunion."
The advice contained in Mr. Calhoun's letter
was religiously followed by his friends and sup-
porters m the South, who have, from that time to
the picsent, been constantly engaged in " forcing
the slavery issue upon the North" in every pos-
sible shape. The secession howl was, in the mean
time, kept up through the whole administrations
of Presidents Taylor and Fillmore down to the
time of t he election of President Pierce. Then the
aspirations of the secession leaders could be, to
some extent, gratified; and they were kept quiet
by the possession of all the offices they wanted,
and all the power they could attain under the Fed-
eral Government. No menaces of secession were
heard under the administration of Mr. Picrce.
Jefferson Davis, upon whom the mantle of Cal-
houn seems to have fallen, was made Secretary of
War. His fellow-traitors were content then with
wielding power, and with laying their plans to he
ready for the time when they should be deprived
of it. If Davis could not obtain a seat for himself
m the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan, he could, at least,
be heard there by his representatives and fellow-
conspirators, Thompson, Floyd, and Cobb.
Power, plunder, opportunity—all these were en-
joyed thioughout the administration of Mr. Bu-
chanan; and for that term, therefoie, we heard
nothing more of the secession and rebellion which
had been so rife and rampant during the exile of
these slaveholding conspirators from power,in the
times of Taylor and Fillmore.
Another class of public men at the South un-
der the leadership of Yancey and Rhett, who had
been less successful than Davis, Floyd, Thomp-
son, and Cobb, were engaged in the laudable oc-
cupation of " firing the southern heart, and pre-
cipitating the cotton States into revolution." The
success of the ft ee State movement m Kansas, the
raid of John Brown, the long and bitter contest
icsulting in the election of a Republican Speaker
m the Thirty-Sixth Congress, enabled these men
to work upon the fears of the slaveholders of the
South for the safety of their peculiar institution.
They were dazzled by the vision held up to view
of a gieat slaveholding confederacy—a confeder-
acy whose bond of union was to be human sla-
very , and which, by conquest or by purchase, was
to spiead southward ovrr the continent. It is not
necessary to repeat in detail what followed, for
the events of the past year have been branded
upon all memories as with red-hot iron. Rebel-
lion has levied armies, attacked forts, burned
navy-yards, coerced States into joining the new
confe leracy, turned out mobs upon conventions,
subjecting Union men to tin most humiliating
and savage treatment, causing the loss of thou-
sands of valuable lives, and pioducmg soriowand
anguish throughout the land. In consequence of
this unholy rebt Ihon, the nation is called upon to
mourn the death of those gallant heroes—Lyon,
Baker, Ellsworth, Lander, Wallace, Slocum, and
a host of others, of whom it may be said,
"TIkj fell devoted hut undyin<r;
The vety aaie then itanto se  m selling,
The watei-, nnnmut of their name,
The u nods are peopled u nli their lame.
The silent piihu—lone and may—
Claims Mndied with th-n >.ieied id ay;
Then memoi \ spaikle* o'ci the taunt mi.
Thou .spitits wiap the dusky mountain ;
The meanest i ill, the miLrhti(^t 11\ er.
Ilohs mingling with then name toievei P
I The rebellion is now so murderous, so defiant,
! and so formidable in its character, that allattempts
ij at conciliation aie not only useless, but are actu-
\\ ally affording aid and comiort to the foe, and pla-
,1 cmg the Government m the ridiculous positionof
I' exerting itself against its own cause. Slavery,
I instead of being an element of weakness, is an ele-
j ment of strength to the rebels. There are nearly
I foui millions* of slaves in the South, who till their
sod, produce their supplies, build their fortuica-
j! tions, strengthen their colimujs, peiform the me-
'. nial service of then camps, and in a thousand
|! ways contribute to their powtr, comfort and suc-
cess. The rebels are enabled to send their white
men to the field to meet as many of ours as we
can spare. No matter how many they send they
do not weaken their agricultural force, but almost
every man who enters the northern army is taken
from some department of productive labor, and
by so much diminishes our resources for conduct-
ing the war.
In view of these things it becomes a question
of no small moment what ought the Government
to do with slavery now? What policy, if any,
should the loyal men of the country adopt re-
specting the future treatment of this cancer upon
the body-politic? The reply which ought, in my
judgment, to be made to these questions is this:
si?ice slavery made the war, let slavery feel the war—
not by exciting servile insurrection, whose many
and nameless atrocities would outrage humanity,
but by confiscating the slaves and other property
owned by rebels, and using the former, as far as
practicable, as hired'laborers, until the rebellion
is crushed m part by their aid. Thus the power
of slavery would be rightfully used against itself.
Thus the issue which the rebel conspirators have
tendered the Government would be precisely met
as tendered, and the burdens of the war, to some
extent, would fall where they properly belong.
By despoiling rebel slaveholders of their so-called
property, which is the chief service to them in
maintaining an attitude of rebellion, it would come
to pass that the main strength—the backbone in
short—of the southern treason would be broken,
and the overshadowing political power of slavery
fall into decay.
In my judgment, itisashort-sighted view which
assumes that, if we can go back to the old posi-
tion, and restore our affairs and relations to their
old standing, the safety and prosperity of the na-
tion will be secured. Leave slavery in the con-
federate States, when the present rebellion has
been suppressed, as it was at the commencement,
and it would inevitably hatch a fresh brood of
political vipers. It would generate in the future,
as it has in the past, new conspiracies and com-
binations against popular government. It would
bully and swagger m Congress, corrupt and be-
tray in the White Hoase, rob and steal in the
Departments, and infuse its deadly venom into the
minds of parties, as it has hitherto done. It will
prove the bane of our national existence, unless
it is now put under by the military interests and
necessities of this loyal war. If slavery do not
receive its death-blow now, it is not difficult to
foresee that a long series of wasting and desolating
conflicts must be maintained with it, both with the
bullet and ballot, that will allow our country but
small enjoyment of the blessings of peace for long
years to come.
But we are told that it would be a violation of
the Constitution of the United States for Congress
to enact a law to confiscate the slaves of rebels.
Sir, there has been no measure pioposed by the
Government since the war commenced calculated
to cripple the rebels and put down this rebellion,
but what has been denounced in certain quarters
and by a certain class as unconstitutional. Coercion
with them was unconstitutional; the invasion of
a State was unconstitutional; the suspension of
the wilioChaheas corpus was unconstitutional; sup-
pression of treasonable newspapers was uncon-
stitutional; the arrest and confinement of traitors
was unconstitutional; everything calculated to
weaken the rebels and strengthen our own Gov-
ernment, is unconstitutional We hear nothing
but complaints and fault-finding from this class of
so-called Union men. Congress has done wrong,
the President has done wrong, the abolitionists
have done wrong, evei ybody has done wrong but
the plundeiers and murderers of our people. It is
time that this kind of pretended unionism was held
up to view, so that the people, can see its cloven
foot.
The efforts of gentlemen on this floor to cnact
a law confiscating the property of rebels in aims
—a measnie called for by public necessity, and
demanded by every consideration of justice—is
at once assailed as an abolition measure, and the
motives of its ad\ ocates misrepresented. We aie
told that this war now being waged for the pres-
ervation of the Union is really and solely an abo-
lition war, or will become such if we pass a con-
fiscation act. Every appeal that can be made to
human motives is urged, and names supposed to
be of bad odor are freely bestowed upon those
