1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOM.
2757
The next amendment was in lines eighteen and
nineteen of section three, to strikeout the words,
"settled and preempted," and to insert the words
"subject to settlement and preemption."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine of sec-
tion four, to strike out the word " shall," and to
insert " to."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixteen of sec-
tion four, after the word " company," to insert
the words, " on each side of th'e road as far as the
same is completed;" so that the clause will read:
Patents stall issue conveying tile right and title to said
company, on each side of tlie road as far as the same is
completed, to the amount aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move to
insert after the word " appear," ia line twelve of
section four, the words " to him." Senators will
observe it relates to the certificate which is to be
furnished to the Presidentof the United States of
the completion of forty miles of road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The usual
practice is to proceed with the amendments re-
ported by the committee in the first instance; but
the Chair will put the question on the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line eighteen of section five, after the word "first,"
to strike out the words "lien or;" so that the
clause will read:
The issun of said bonds and delivery to the company shall
constitute a fitst mortgage on the whole Uneofthe railroad
and teiegiaph.
Mr. HOWARD. If it is in order, I wish to
offer a proviso to the fourth section.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator pleases, I
prefer to go through with the amendments of the
committee first, and other amendments can be
offered afterwards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment just read, reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
lines nineteen and twenty of section five, to strike
out the words " finished and completed according
to the provisions of .this act," and to insert in lieu
thereof, " together with the rolling stock, fixtures
and property of every kind and description."
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. I do notapproveof mort-
gaging in advance the rolling stock, fixtures, and
property of every kind and description upon these
railroads. I know that this is often done; and I
know the effect of it has been in my State to de-
prive honest labor of its just reward. Every load
of wood that is hauled to the line of the railroad,
and every car that runs upon the track of the
road, every wheelbarrow and everything con-
nected with it, is mortgaged in advance. If the
men who furnish the wood are deprived of their
pay, there is no way of collecting the debt of a
railroad company because all tins property is
mortgaged by what is called a first class and a
second class mortgage; and the laborer who has
an honest claim of a few* dollars, of course cannot
come in and discharge these mortgages; he is at :
the mercy of these railroad companies and mort- ,
o-agees. I would not take away, by mortgaging
this propes ty, the only moans which a small cred-
itor has to collect his debts. It will be observed
that the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives provides that these bonds shall consti- '
tute a lien " on the whole line of the railroad and .
telegraph finished and completed according to the '
provisions of this act." I think that is enough, 1
without saying " together with the rolling stock, .
fixtures, and property of eveiy kind and descrip-
tion." I would leave* it so that the laborer should
have some means to enforcc his small claim
against this company. I do not think the Gov-
ernment of the United States ought to exact a
mortgage upon the wood that is hauled there, so
that the owner of the wood, the man who brought
it, cannot collect the debt from the company. I
think the security is enough if we have it upon
the road and telegraph after they have finished
and completed it!" 1 hope the amendment will not
be agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. In addition to what the Sena-
tor from Illinois has said, there is a great difficulty
in my mind as to the legal effect of a provision of
this kind if the Senate agrees to it. How are you
going to enforce a mortgage as against personal
property ? There is not a State in the Union that
does not require that personal property mortgaged
must either be in the hands of the mortgagee or
lus agents, so as to give public notice. As to
morfgagingall this property and providing itshaii
be sold and disposed in a thousand different ways,
it strikes me by the very adoption of this amend-
ment we are guilty of a legal absurdity. I agree
with the Senator from Illinois that the original
security is ample and sufficient without the addi-
tion of these words, as suggested by the com-
mittee.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Senator
from Illinois if heintends to object to that portion
of the amendment which proposes to strike out
certain words.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I havenospecial objection
to those words being out or in. I think the legal
effect would be about the same. I think, however,
it would bo better to strike out the words "finished
and completed according to the provisions of this
act," and let the mortgage be alone upon the
whole of it, finished or unfinished.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think it would answer
the purpose to strike out these words, and not in-
sert the other words recommended by the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the committee.
Does the Chair understand a proposition to be
made to strike out a portion of that amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Two amendments arc pro-
posed by the committee, and they are put as one
by the Chair.
Mr. McDOUGALL. We propose to strike out
certain words, and also to insert certain words;
that is the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better strike
out the words that the committee recommend be
struck out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope that they will be
stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. X am in favor of striking
out and not inserting.
Mr. GRIMES. How will it stand then ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it will leave these
bonds of the Government a first mortgage on the
whole line of the railroad and telegraph whether
it is completed or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion of amendment reported by the committee, as
the Chair understands, is to strike out and insert,
which is an entire, an integral, and an indivisible
proposition. If the amendment is rejected, how-
ever, it will be open still to the insertion of other
matter as independent matter.
Mr. HARLAN. It was not so intended by the
committee. They were carried separately in com-
mittee. It was first proposed to strike out those
words, and afterwards it was proposed to insert
these other words.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that we can negative
the amendment by refusing to strike out and in-
sert, and then we can afterwards strike out if we
choose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee, to strike
! out and insert.
I Mr. COLLAMER. May not an amendment
1 be presented to that?
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may.
1 Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend it by
1 striking out. and not inserting.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. That issimply
j a proposition to divide the amendment. It does
| not avoid the rule.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment as
proposed by the committee will be adopted, both
to strike out and insert. I have no fear that the
United States will receive any more security for
its money and donation of land than it will need. j
It is well known that the cost of the rolling-stock j
fixtures is a very large proportion of the expendi- ;
tures upon a railroad. Now, before we get back j
these §16,000 a mile which we advance, and the j
lands we-advance, or their value, I think we may j
have occasion to look after the roiling stock and ■
fixtures. I do not think there is very much force j
in the objection of the Senator from Illinois, that j
poor laboring men are to be paid by attaching the j
locomotives, cars, stations, and water tanks. I
do not believe they frill receive their payfrom any
such legal procedure as that, and I believe it is oar
duty, as guardians of the Treasury of the United
States, to insist upon this particular "item of secu-
rity. I hope the amendment as recommended by
. the committee will be adopted in its entirety.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I shall vote'
against including the words that have been pro-
posed to be inserted, and for the reason substan-
tially stated by the Senator from Illinois. I think
it well enough to leave the rolling stock of the road
as security for any of the floating debts of the
corporation. As to the security the United States
takes on this road, I would not give the paper it
is written on for the whole of it. I do not sup-
pose it is ever to come back in any form except
doing op the road the business we need, carrying
our mails and munitions of war. I vote for the
bill with that expectation and that understanding.
The idea of security to the Government of the
United States for the advance of this money, the
idea that it is ever to be paid back to the United.
States, I consider as visionary as anything that
could be uttered in the Congress of the United
States. In my judgment we ought not to yote for
the bill with the expectation or with the under-
standing that this money which we advance for
this road is ever to come back into the Treasury
of the United States. I vote for the bill with the
expectation that all we get out of the road—and
I think that is a great deal—will be the mail car-
rying and the carrying of munitions of war, and
such things as the Government may need, and I
vote for it most cheerfully with that view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion is to strike out the words " finished and com-
pleted according to the provisions of this act,"
and insert the words " together with the rolling
stock, fixtures, and other property of every kind
and description."
Mr. HOWE. I declare it seems to me the ob-
jection against this amendment cannot be a very
great one. I understand this is a proposition to
obtain a loan from the Government to aid in the
building of this road. I understand the proposi-
tion is to obtain a loan equal to the cost of con-
struction, that the money which is proposed by
this bill to be advanced to the company will build
and equip the road. As I understand the effect of
this amendment, it proposes to give the Govern-
ment security on all that the Government's money
provides. It does not seem to me that that is a
very oppressive kind of security to ask.
I understood the Senator from Massachusetts
to say that he for one does not expect that the
Government will get back this money. I should
find great difficulty in voting for a bill which pro-
posed to select one hundred or two hundred citi-
zens oftheUnited States and make them a present
of a railroad between the one hundred and second
parallel of longitude and the Pacific ocean, build
it and give it to them; but if that was my inten-
tion, I certainly would put the bill in the form of
a donation, i would not call it a loan, I would
not ask for any security, and yet advertise that I
never expected to avail myself of the secuiity, and
never expected to get the money back. I would
either put it upon the footing of a donation, or if
I was going to loan money, I would ask adequate
security, if I could get it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the Senator from Wisconsin that I have ex-
pressed this opinion deliberately. I have studied
the railroad system of this country, and its con-
dition,and I makethe prediction here to-day, and
let it go upon the record, that the man is not born
in this country, nor is there born the grandfather
of the man in this country, who will ever sec this
nation get back this money. It is an impossibil-
ity. The road will never be worth it. I am for
a railroad; I am for making this grant; I am for
taking some security on the bed of the road. On
the roiling stock of the road I would not take any
security, and I would go further than that, and I
would provide in this bill that this road should
never be mortgaged to anybody but the Govern-
ment of the United States. I want the men who
go into the enterprise to put their money in it,
The Government puts $10,000 a mile in portions
of the road, and §48,000 a mile in other portions
of the road, and gives so much land. I want the
men whogo into this enterprise to puttheir money
in it, and not to borrow money and give mort-
gages on what the Government of the United
