mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
States does for them; and wanting them to put j
theu* money into it, I am against driving a hard
Bargain with them. I do not want to do anything
m this" bill that shall prevent men putting their
money Into this road. On the contrary, I want to
invite the capitalists of the country to invest their
money in the road and finish it; and I do not want
to'bring into it railroad speculators and stock-job-
bers, who come in and get the Government land
and Government money, and mortgage the road
and sell it out. I would put a provision in this bill
that the road should never be mortgaged to any-
body. I do not expect any of our money back.
I believe that no man can examine this subject and
come to the conclusion that it will come back in
any other way than is provided for in the bill; and
that provision is for the carrying of the mails,
ah4 doing certain other work for the Government
of the United States. In that way we are to get
omi* compensation, and in my judgment it will be
ample and complete; but the idea that the $16,000
or the $48,000 a mile we put into the road is ever
to be received backinto the Treasury of the United
States, is as visionary as anything that ever en-
tered the brain of man.
Mr. HOWE. I dare not take issue with the
Senator from Massachusetts upon his prediction
that the Government never will get a return of this
loan. That may be its fate. If I knew it to be
the result of this loan, my impression is that I
should vote against making the loan. It is very
much my habit to advise against the making of
loans that I know never will be returned. But I
agree entirely with the Senator in another prop-
osition,and thatis thepropriety ofexcludingfrom
this company all railroad speculators and jobbers.
I do not understand that the best mode of doing
that is to propose a gift to the company of the
means neccssary to build the road. If I under-
stood that the Government was about to make
such a present to a railroad company, I should be
strongly tempted to turn speculator and join the
company, get in if I could. I think it would be
a strong inducement. But I still insist upon what
I said before, that the footing upon winch this
money is going to be advanced ought to be de-
termined now. If we mean it to be a gift to the
company, it ought to be put on that footing. If
we mean it to be a loan, we ought to take secu-
rity at least upon all thatourmoneysupplies. The
Senator from Massachusetts says that he believes
the company by the facilities furnished by the
road will be able to render services to the Gov-
ernment adequate to the payment of the money
advanced. If that be so, it will be because the com-
pany will be able to earn that amount of money;
it will be able to do work for the Government equal
to ihe payment of the Government loan. Then
the Government will get back its money; but if it
should turn out that the company is not able or
is not willing to render that amount of service,
then it seems to me the Government should have
security on the property which is produced by its
money loaned to the company.
Mr. CLARK. I am rather inclined to the opin-
ion that it will be wise to adopt the amendment
of the committee. The Senator from Massachu-
setts may be entirely right that the Government
may never receive back this money again, and it
may be that we make the loan for the purpose of
receiving the services; but it will be well tu take
a mortgage to secure the building of the road
through, and then to secure the performance of
these services which we expect, them to perform
in the transmission of mails and munitions after
the road is built. Again: the Government can
then have the control both of the road bed and of
the rolling stock, and keep it in such a position
that it cannot be taken away from the Govern-
ment by speculators, so that no subsequent mort-
gage shall ever interfere with it; and we can al-
■ ways be sure of the services to be performed for
the Government. Then in regard to the creditors
of the road, it may be suggested that the lands
which are to be given to the company will always
be open to the creditors. Whenever the company
build forty consecutive miles they are entitled to
receive patents for the lands, and those are not
mortgaged by this bill as I understand. I think
we had better adopt the amendment of the com-
mittee. It will make it safer for the Government,
and safer in this regard, that we shall get the road
built and have the services performed.
The amendment was ngicetl to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
lines thirty-four and thirty-five of section five, to
strike out after " constructed," the words " and
forming a part of said forty miles," so as to make
the proviso read:
Provided, This section shall not apply to that part of any
road now constructed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the fifth and sixth
lines of the seventh section, to strike out the words
" one hundred and second meridian of longitude
aforesaid," and insert " point of beginning as
hereinafter provided;" so as to make the section
read:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That said company shall
file their assent to this act. under the seal of said company,
in the DepaUment of the Interior, within one year after
the passage of this act, and shall complete said tail road and
telegrapirfrom the point of beginning, as hereinafter pio-
vided, to the western boundary of Nevada Territory, before
the 1st day of July, 1874, &c.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There has been a modi-
fication made which renders it necessary to strike
out " after" from the word " hereinafter," so as
to read "as herein provided." I move so to
amend the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The ne^tt amendment was in line ten of section
seven to strike out "locate," and insert "desig-
nate;" in line eleven to strike out "by proper
railroad surveys;" in line fourteen to strike out
" hereby granted,"and insert" within fifteen miles
of said designated route or routes;" and m line
eighteen, after the word " lands," to insert" here-
inbefore grantedso as to make the proviso read:
Piovidcd, That within two years aftet the pa&sage of this
act said company shall designate the general route of said
load, as near as may be, and shall file a map of the same in
the Uepaitmentof theInterim, whereupon the Societaly of
the Interior shall causc the lands within fifteen miles. of said
designated route or routes to he withdrawn from preemption,
private entry, and sale ; and when any portion of said route
bhtill be finally located, the Secietaiy of the luteuor *>hall
cause the «aid lands heiembefore granted to he surveyed
and set off as fas>t as may be neccssary for the pu  poses
herein named.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the second and
third lines of section eight, to strike out the words
"the one hundred and second," and insert " a
point not further west than the one hundredth;"
so as to make I he section read:
That the line of said nnltoad and telegraph shall com-
mence at a point not fuithor west than the one hundiedth
meridian ot longitude west 1'iom Greenwich.
Mr. HARLAN. Tins amendment ought to be
modified so as to conform to the amendment pre-
viously adopted, by striking out the words " not
further west than," and inserting " on."
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is correct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
That modification will be made if there be no ob-
jection; and the question is on agreeing to the
amendment of the committee as thus modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in thefouith line of
the eighth section, after the word "Greenwich,"
to insert " between the south margin of the valley
of the Republican river and the north margin of
the valley of the Platte river."
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend that by adding
" in the Territory of Nebraska," so as to make it
conform to a previous section.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Will that preclude a further
amendment to strikeout the words " at the term-
ination of the Leaven worth, Pawnee, and Western
railroad," in the sixth and seventh lines of the
eighth section?
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator from
Iowa that I had marked those words in brackets
in my bill, in order to move as a separate amend-
ment to strike them out after the amendments of
the committee shall have been gone through with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendmentof the committee as amended
on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The nexfamendmcnt was in the fifth line of the
ninth section, to strike out the woids " Kansas
City," and insult "the mouth of the Kansas riv-
er;" so as to make the section read:
Th.it iho Leavenworth, I'tuvnce, and Western Ildtlioad
Company of Kansas are hereby authorized to construct a
railroad and telegraph line, in conformity with their char-
ter from said State, from the Missouri river, at the mouth
of the Kansas river, &c.
Mr. WILSON,of Missouri. I hope thatamend-
ment will not be agreed to. The bill as it passed
the House of Representatives commenced this road
at Kansas City. It appears that the committee of
the Senate have recommended a change by strik-
ing out " Kansas City" and inserting "the mouth
of the Kansas river." I can see no benefit thatis
to result to the road from that change, and in fact
some injury may result from it. It is provided in
this bill with legard to the Pacific railroad of Mis-
souri, that it shall have the privilege of connect-
ing with the great overland railroad; but it cannot
make that connection if the starting point is re-
moved to the mouth of the Kansas river. I there-
fore hope the amendment will be disagreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Missouri a question. Does not
the Pacific railroad of Missouri, to which he re-
fers, extend to the mouth of the Kansas river?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I think it does
not. 1 think it terminates at Kansas City, in the
State of Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can reconcile the dif-
ference between the two Senators, I think. I move
an amendment that will settle the point, by adding
after the word " river," the words " on the south
side thereof, so as to connect with the Pacific rail-
road of Missouri."
Mr. POMEROY. The committee in moving
this amendment simply wanted to allow the priv-
ilege of having this road run on either side of the
river, as the directors might think proper. They
did not want to confine it to oneside, but preferred
to commence the road at the mouth and allow the
directors to run it up the side they thought most
expeditious in building the road. I want to say
furthermore that the committee thought it inex-
pedient to commence at Kansas City, because it
is a mile down in the State of Missouri, and we
did not see how we could take a company char-
tered in Kansas and run it down into Missouri
even a mile. To obviate that difficulty, and to
allow the company to take their choice in running
up the banks of the Kansas on cither side, we
provided that they might commence at the mouth
of the Kansas river. I think that leaves it open,
so that if it is best to run up on the south side, as
the Senator wants, they will be at liberty to do so;
and if it is best to run up on the north side, they
will have that liberty.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I ask the Senator
from Kansas how can the Pacific railroad of Mis-
souri connect with this road at the mouth of the
Kansas river. I understand that the line between
Missouri and Kansas is the mouth of the Kaw
river.
Mi. POMEROY. It is very near; only a few
rods from there.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Then there is a
strip of country there which would preclude the
Pacific road of Missouri from connecting itself
with the main Pacific road except by the consent
of the State of Kansas, and for that reason it is
very impoitant that this road should start from
the south bank or from Kansas City. I am not
paiticular as to the point, so that it enables the
Pacific road of Missouri—which must be the great
outlet of this road south—to connect with the main
line.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that my amend-
ment will be adopted. I do not desire any exclu-
sive privileges for Missouri in reference to this
matter. I would not ask and do not intend to ask
anything of that sort; but if we are to have any
benefits from this line of railroad terminating at
Kansas City, it is absolutely essential that we have
this amendment. It will be remembered that at
the mouth of the Kansas river the lino of Missouri
does not go up to the river. Therefore, if any
load roaches to the boundary of Kansas, this
amendment is necessary in order to make it of any
avail whatever in connecting with the Pacific rail-
road of Missouri, which is now nearly completed
there, which is completed two thirds' of the dis-
tance to Kansas City or more than two thirds. I
piesume that the reason for giving the branch to
Kansas City is because one of the great nuhoad
lines of Missouri terminates at that point and con-
nects with other roads east; and to allow a con-
nection, it is absolutely essential that we have
