278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[June 3,
37th Cons....2d Sess.
Bankrupt Law—Mr. Ward.
Ho. of Reps.
property through their loyalty to the Constitution,
and whose losses we should endeavor to alleviate.
Whenever peace is restored the solvent merchant
of the South will no doubt pay his obligations, but
we need such a law as shall interpose between the
debtor and the creditor in the South as well as in
the North, so as to counteract the tendency of
popular and neighborly feeling to do injustice,and
favor home creditors instead of those residing at a
distance, or in other States, by facilitating prefer-
ential or fraudulent assignments, the system now
unfortunately prevailing. In this way creditors
will receive their just proportion of whatever as-
sets may remain. The same laws which tend to
create general dividends, and to make men honest,
will operate in each section of the Union upon the
same human nature, and tend to produce the same
results. The South is already deeply impover-
ished, and as long as she remains so, the interests
of our merchants must suffer with her. On the
return of peace, the restoration of prosperity to all
parts of the Union will be no less conducive to
northern than to southern interests. A humane
and permanent bankrupt law, enacted by the Gen-
eral Government, will save millions of dollars to
the northern creditors, and prevent endless delay
and litigation.
In 1841 an extra session of Congress was called,
chiefly for the purpose of adopting some measures
of relieffor the embarrassed condition of the coun-
try, and especially for the relief of debtors. In my
judgment, this class of our fellow-citizens never
deserved our attention so much as at the present
time. Comparatively few of the recent insolven-
cies have resulted from headlong speculations hke
those which culminated in 1837. Many debtors
yet remain weighed down by the cares and diffi-
culties caused by the financial embarrassments of
1857, when,in eight weeks alone, after along-con-
tinued expansion of loans and the circulating me-
dium,the banks of the city of New York called in
#21,090,000 of bank debt, and the other thirteen
hundred and fifty banks of the United States
adopted the same policy. The revulsion was not
confined to this country or this continent, but
swept over the world, and was, perhaps, felt with
more severity by other nations than our own. No
foresight on the part of many who were then sub-
stantial and prosperous men of business could
have provided against the complicated disasters of
that year. Prudent men, engaged in their ordi-
nary pursuits, were struck down wUhoutanyfluf-
ficient warning, and many who had reason to be-
lieve themselves rich, and beyond the reach of the
casualties of fortune, suddenly became bankrupts.
But while the number of those who were reduced
to insolvency is greater than in 1857, it is equally
ceitain that the causes of their difficulties were
unanticipated alike by the Government and mer-
chants of this country. So far as commercial
causes alone were concerned, the prospects of a
successful and stable business were seldom more
flattering than theirs were a year and a half ago.
1 he causes of recent insolvencies are for the most
part entirely political, and the unfortunate men
who have thus been ruined should no more be
punished for these misfortunes than for any of
the numerous accidents to which mankind is
liable.
The present indebtedness of the southern to
the northern States is carefully estimated to be
about $300,000,000, of which $159,000,000 are due
to the Oily Of New York, $24,000,000 to Philadel-
phia, |19,000,000 to Baltimore, and §7,600,000 to
Boston. By the losses thus incurred many men
of honor and integrity, whose means of meeting
all their pecuniary engagements were as little
doubted by themselves as by all who knew them,
are undergoing the slow torture of mercantile fail-
ure, hopeless and lifelong if they are not relieved
by the Government of their country. In not a
few cases the amount of their debts is many times
less than that due to them by their former cus-
tomers in the southern States. Last year in the
city of New York, nine hundred and thirteen
mercantile houses became insolvent, whose sepa-
rate liabilities were in no case under $50,000. and
in several instances amounted to some millions.
Uut of two hundred and sixty-six leading dry-
goods houses reported good when the rebellion be-
gan, only sixteen remain, and their condition is
precarious. These firms cannot well be spared
from our commercial circles at this present crisis.
The common rules of humanity require oursym-
pathy in their behalf, and no less do justice and a
regard for the_interests of tbe Republic require
that after a strict examination of the affairs of
each insolvent, if he uprightly and honorably
surrenders his property for the benefit of his cred-
itors, he shall be permitted to begin the world
anew.
Sir, it is a striking fact, and little to our credit,
that while in most respects the United States adopt
a system more lenient to the debtor than that ex-
isting in any other nation, they should not have
adopted such measures for exacting justice to
creditors and affording relief to honest and unfor-
tunate debtors, as England, Prance, and most
other commercial countries have long ago adopted
and found by long-tried expedience to be at once
expedient and humane. The just protection of
the weak and unfortunate is eminently character-
istic of our institutions and of the customs and
wishes of our people; and yet no wise and equi-
table law exists by which each bankrupt may be
compelled to distribute his assets fairly and im-
partially among his creditors, and may then bo
free to devote his energy and ability to future ac-
quisitions. Our States have, for the most part,
long ago abolished imprisonment for debt, but we
yet continue to treat misfortune as if it were a
crime, and leave debtors as prisoners at large.
They may indeed use their personal labor to earn
a livelihood, but the reward of successful indus-
try arises far more from savings and the accumu-
lation of capital than from labor alone; and fiom
these opportunities they are debaned. The hand
of the law cuts them to the quick through one of
the most honorable and sacred instincts of our
nature, by disabling them from making any pro-
vision for their families. The insolvent debtor
can make no saving for the support of himself, his
wife and children, when he isdisabled from earn-
ing the means of subsistence, either by sickness,
or by those natural infirmities of advanced age to
which sooner or later we must all succumb. All
savings are prohibited,and nearly all hope forhis'
future life is destroyed. Many thousands of the
most deserving of our fellow-citizens are in this
condition^ Many, alike from the liberal enjoy-
ment of richcs and from moderate competence,
have thus been reduced to poverty and want. If
their sufferings affected themselves alone, or arose
from their own imprudence and recklessness, they
would be less worthy of our sympathy, but they
arise in many eases from causes which no ordi-
nary wisdom could have foreseen, yet less could
have controlled. Insolvency among mercantile
men is oneofthose calamitiesof which it may well
be said, " let him who thinketh he slandeth take
heed lest he fall." The various casualties utis-
ing from commercial changes, the dishonesty of
employes, losses by fne or on the ocean, or through
civil war, make daily additions to the rmmherof
failures. It is estimated thatthroughoutourgreat
commercial cities in ordinary times five percent,
of the persons engaged in business fail every year.
Ninety-five per cent, of our chief business men
become insolvent at least once m their life-times,
and most of those who ultimately succeed have at
some time passed through the same ordeal and
been dependent upon the leniency or indulgence I
of their creditors. In many—perhaps m most 
cases the honest debtor is met by his creditors in
the spirit of justice. Creditors who adopt this
line of action will surely not complain of a law
making the course they pursue obligatory upon
other creditors, thus preventing fraudulent and
preferential assignments and much expensive liti-
gation and delay.
Those who conscientiously oppose such a law
as will tend to render justice to both parties by
exacting from the debtor all he possesses, to be
divided equally among his creditors, guaiding by
stringent and effective laws against fraud, and re-
store him again to active life, are, I think, influ-
ences rather by habit and custom than by duo
consideration. A bankrupt law, properly ro u-
luted, isa necessaryeleinentofevery well-adjusted
commercial system. Commerce has always been
and always will be attended with many hazards.
In an early period ofhuman histos.y, before credit
became an element generally recognized in com-
mercial transactions, and when the artificial wants
of the people were few and unimportant, the risks
attending the exchange of commodities were chief-
ly those connected with cai riage from place to place,
including dangers from the elements and froiH the
invasions and robberies incident to an unsettled
condition of society. Trade was chiefly limited
to payments in hand. The code of laws was
founded upon principles less humane and exalted
than those wenowrecognize asof the highest wis-
dom. The unfortunate debtor was regarded as a
criminal who could only discharge his obligations
toa wronged and indignant community by a pro-
tracted or life-long confinement in prison, or by
becoming a slave for a term of years or for life.
It may have been that the losses which then oc-
curred were often caused either by collusion with
others or by some violation of common honesty.
In our time we have ceased to hold the common
carrier responsible for those calamities or injuries
which are caused by the act of God or of the pub-
lic enemy, but the debtor is not the less held to
his obligations, although the losses which have
overwhelmed him are caused by war or rebellion,
or by those natural causes in which man had no
direct or immediate agency.
In periods of early history, the annals of all mar-
itime and trading nations are rod with the blood
in which the laws as to debtors have been writ-
ten. There was a period in Roman history-when
the body of the debtor was divided among his
creditors; and in our century and time he has been
placed in close confinement, with no means of
subsistence except such as were afforded by the
charity of fiiends, as if by these means he would
have been enabled to discharge his debts to his
creditors. The heart sickens, in this age of better
humanity, at the recital of those disasters which
in former times overtook the poor delinquent and
those who, under Providence, were naturally de-
pendent upon him for sustenance and support.
The history of Great Britain affords us many
instructive suggestions on this subject. Occupy-
ing only a narrow territory, her commerce, more
vast than was attained by any other country, is
supported by a system of credit. The most close
investigation of economic science and a careful
practical application of sound principles are ne-
cessary to maintain the prosperity, it might almost
be said even the existence, of her people. Her
credit system, like our own, is liable to many re-
verses, which the records of her courts of bank-
ruptcy, stringent as they are, show to be unavoid-
able. The peculiar hazards necessarily attendant
upon widely diversified commercial operations
early induced her statesmen to turn their attention
to some method of rapidly and certainly distrib-
uting the remaining assets of insolvent debtors.
Accordingly, about the year 1543, (35 Henry
Viu,) more than three centuriesago, Parliament
enacted the first bankrupt law in that kingdom.
It is worthy of notice that eaily legislation upon
this subject arose from a regard to the interests of
creditors only. It was intended chiefly to guard
against the frauds which, even at that period, and
under the former system of severe punishment,
were supposed to account for a large proportion
of (he failures. It had become a common occur-
rence for delinquent debtors to flee from the king-
dom in order to avoid the imprisonment conse-
quent upon failure, taking with them whatever
valuables they could carry; and the first enact-
ments of bankruptcy were for the purpose of pre-
venting these summary and inconvenient methods
of payment. Severity towards debtors had been
found to defeat its own purposes. From time to
lime these laws have been modified for the benefit
of debtors. From the first enactment of a bank-
rupt law in England, they have been regarded as
necessary parts of every well-adjusted commercial
code. The broad principle is fully recognized,
that whoever shall, in good faith, surrender all
his property for the equal benefit of his creditors,
shall be discharged from his debts. The law of
that country now provides both for voluntary and
compulsory bankruptcy, and the interest of both
parties,so far as they can be protected by statutory
provisions.
For many reasons, a bankrupt law is more ne-
cessary in the United States than in any other
country. Although we rank hijgh among the chief
maritime and commercial nations, transacting a
vast trade between the different States of our own
