1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
3 fan Cons....2d Sess.
Bankrupt Law—Mr. Ward.
Ho. of Reps.
XJnion, and a widely-extended commerce through-
out the world, our business is done with compar-
atively limited capital, and is, therefore, attended
with more than ordinary hazard. A common spirit
of enterprise arises from the general intelligence
of our people, the character of our institutions,
and the unlimited resources of our wide-spread
country. Bat nearly all business men unavoid-
ably encounter greater perils than in European na-
tions. The financial revulsions which occur in all
commercial countries are here peculiarly severe.
Our business men depend, to a great extent, upon
the facilities and* paper money furnished by the
banks. Great fluctuations continually occur in
the amount of the currency, loans, and discounts
obtained from these institutions. Upon this sub-
ject the panic of 1837 is suggestive. In Janu-
ary, 1834, bank loans and discounts amounted to
$324,119,499, but in the corresponding date of 1837
they reached the amount of $525,115,702, having
increased more than sixty per cent, in three years.
The extraordinary expansion in the circulation
and loans, stimulated by the removal of the public
deposits from the United States Bank to the State
banks in October, 1833, led to a great increase in
importations, which rose up from $108,118,311,
in 1833,to $189,980,035in 1836, and largely affected
the sale of public and other lands. The receipts
from the public lands in 1833, were $3,967,682, and
in 1836, $24,877,179. The overtrading and specu-
lation thus engendered were brought to a close in
1837 by the " specie circular," and the panic of
that year ensued, resulting in the suspension of
specie payments by the banks and in a general
bankruptcy.
Instead of a natural increase in the loans and
discounts of the banks, in accordance with the in-
crease of population and the exchangeable prod-
ucts of the country, they continued to decrease
until 1843, when they were only $254,544,937, or
less than half of the amount six years before. Not
until 1854, a period of seventeen years, did they
again attain the same amount as in 1837. They
then had gradually increased to $684,456,887 by
January 1, 1857, but in the year following were
suddenly diminished by more than $100,000,000.
The circulation in current bank notes fluctuated
in the same manner. From $94,839,570, about
January 1, 1834, it increased to $149,185,890 in
1837, decreased to $58,563,608 before 1843, then
gradually increased to $214,778,822 at the begin-
ning of 1857, but (luring that year was suddenly
diminished by about $60,000,000, or nearly one
third its amount,Ijeing only $155,208,344 on Jan-
uary 1, 1858.
The financial revulsion of 1857, the effects 6f
which are yet in existence, arose from causes, in
some respects, different from those of 1837. Until
1857 commerce and bank facilities had seemingly
kept pace with the population and resources of the
country. The cause of the reverses may chiefly,
I think, be traced to the increased diversions of cap-
ital from its legitimate purpose to railroad enter-
prises and western land speculations. Prior to
1858, about 24,290 miles of railways were con-
structed at a cost of not less than $1,000,000,000.
An impetus was thus given to land operations
along the lines of many new routes of travel. From
1854 to 1856, inclusively, the proceeds from land
sales amounted to $20,404,691—26,691,670 acres
were appropriated to bounty land warrants, and
18,372,550 acres more were granted by the Thirty-
Fourth Congress to railroads.
These figures taken from the financial report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, furnish an uner-
ring index to some of our commercial revulsions.
The system should befamiliar to us all. For many
consecutive yeais there is a gradual increase in the
circulating medium and in the accommodations of
the banks. When the crisis approaches money is
said to be abundant. Those who receive loans
from the banks are enabled to extend their own
credit, and give credit in return to the numerous
traders, manufacturers,and adventurers, who, in
this country, arc never at a loss for opportunities
of speculations or public improvements. Notes of
hand, mortgages, stocks, and even real estate it-
self, being then readily convertible into money,
become, toa considerable extent, a medium of ex-
change, and swell the volume of the currency. The
system pervades every class of society. Hope and
inexperience ever suggest that the new prosperity
will be permanent and progressive. Each epoch
presents newfeatures. The lessons of past teach-
ings are held to be inapplicable to the present time,
and are unconsidered, or where they are remem-
bered, the days of adversity are confidently be-
lieved to be remote. Personal property of nearly
all kinds is boughtand sold on an extended system
of credit. Stocks are negotiated, which, when the
time of pressure arrives, are swept away by earlier
liens. The amountof railroad stocks and securi-
ties alone, which ceased to have any cash or ne-
gotiable value in 1857-58 is believed to have been
not less than $500,000,000. Real estate is often
bought and deemed the most secure investment,
a quarter or half of the purchase money being paid
down,and a bond and mortgage given for the bal-
ance. The mortgage is foreclosed during the re-
vulsion, at a sale where there is little competition
or none at all, and the mortgagor is held for the
remaining balance of the debt. In many cases the
rent of costly edifices in large cities is diminished
at least one half of its previous amount. Public
worksarcsuspended. Manufactoriesarestopped,
wholly or in part; and the grain itself, which would
have been exchanged for other products, remains
in the granaries of the farmer or unthrcshed upon
flie prairies, for need of the requisite money or mu-
tual confidence to bring it to market.
Suddenly, and without any warning intelligible
to the public, a financial collapse occurs. Men
whose credit was unimpeachable, and whose pecu-
niary responsibility was as little doubted by them-
selves as by others, become unable to sell their
property or negotiate new loans, while they are
required to pay the debts they have already con-
tracted. Their "means have been invested."
Tens of thousands become insolvent who have
abundant property to pay the whole of their debts,
if it could be sold at the average price of the few
preceding years; but the relative value of money
and of property has been changed. Fiequently
creditors are willing under such circumstances to
release the debtor and assist him with credit in
renewed exertions, but their good intentions are
frustrated by others who insist on the full letter of
the law which gives them their pound of flesh,and
continue the useless bondage of the debtor. He
is free to go where he chooses, but he can accu-
mulate no saving, either for the benefit of his fam-
ily, for his own use in sickness or old age, or as
a small capital by which he might be enabled to
pay the debts conscientiously contracted in more
prosperous times, with full belief in his ability to
pay them. He is like those who are said to have
been sentenced laboriously to draw water, pouring
it into empty vessels whence it escapes as quickly
as it enters. This is the penalty our laws inflict
on undeserved pecuniary misfortune. No sooner
does the debtor begin to accumulate than he is
stripped by the creditor. Hence subterfuges arc
adopted. Recourse is often had to indirect owner-
ship, sometimes involving actual perjury without
offending against legal enactments, but destroying
self-respect and in dieting the penalties of conscious
guilt upon the perpetrator, who often drifts on
gradually through much suffering, to greater and
greater demoralization. His family is reared and
its character formed amid a cloud of adverse cir-
cumstances. If we cannot make men honest, we
can lessen the temptations which often lead them
to do wrong.
Let us see who is benefited by the laws which
inflict so much misery upon debtors, even when
they are honest, and upon their no le&s innocent
families. The percentage of debts paid out of
insolvent estates is larger where bankruptcy laws
exist. The experience of England is conclusive
on this point, for the chief object of the bank-
rupt law of that country, found by the experience
of several centuries to be attained, is to render the
estate of the bankrupt available in liquidation of
his liabilities before it can be- concealed by fraud
ordissipated by bad management, or other means.
As the morals and philosophy of trade advanced,
it was found that humanity to the debtor did not
diminish the payment of debts, but had the con-
trary effect*, and then the present creditable sys-
tem found a place in the statute-books of England.
The creditor at once receives the proceeds of the
bankrupt's estate, and the debtor is wholly re-
leased from his liabilities.
Business men of the widest commercial knowl-
edge concur in the belief that such a law would
produce good results in our own country. The
belief has a broad foundation in human nature
itself. The first intentions of men are less selfish
than their second thoughts. The trader, who has
recently become insolvent, is both able and will-
ing to do more for his creditors than he is either
able or willing to do after long protracted despair
and insolvency. Those who, forcommerctal pur-
poses, have made this subject their special study,
affirm that, whenever a moderate compromise has
been offered immediately after failure, and been
repelled, in hopes of obtainingabetter settlement,
the creditors, in ninety cases out of a hundred,
would afterwards be glad if they could compro-
mise the debt at a less percentage, but usually
fail to realize anything—the debt becoming a total
loss.
An attempt to settle with their creditors is usu-
ally one of the first efforts on the part of those
who become insolvent. If the debtor fails in this
through want of concurrence among his creditors,
and the claims against him are pressed, he fore-
sees long years of thralldom and embarrassment,
and his next impulse is to secure provision for
himself and family. In his despair of meeting
with justice, he often has recourse to many sub-
terfuges, few of which ever reach the public car;
but the common course is to make a preferential
assignment, permitted by law, thus placing his
assets in the hands of one or more friends, from
whom he hopes to obtain employment or assist-
ance in business, or perhaps support and money
from the actual proceeds. The remainder of his
creditors remain unsatisfied, and he bids them de-
fiance. Creditors, on the other hand, fearing as-
signments of this kind, often submit to compro-
mises which they know to be unjust. A proper
bankrupt law prohibiting these assignments would
dtminisii, if it did not destroy, such dangers, and
thus befriend the creditor. In many cases through
these assignments, or by other means, the debtor
is tempted to keep all he can until some such terms
as he thinks favorable can be effected. From this
time he leads a surreptitious and demoralizing
life. Perhaps one creditor alone objects to the
offers made. The debtor is determined not to pay
one unless he can pay all. It is necessary his
family should be maintained. Time passes, and
his assets arc diminished. Often the creditor, fear-
ing preferential assignments, hesitates to use legal
measures. The only dividend that can now be
offered seems pnltiy. The debtor finding that
neither the world nor the world's law befriend
him, and believing that the bondage of debt will
be perpetual, not unfrequently sets aside the com-
mon restraints of prudence and morality, and be-
comes an incubus and injury to society, instead
ofdevoting his intellectand energies to its benefit.
If of a nature too scrupulous and honorable to
yield readily to temptation, his sufferings arc se-
vere and constant. He endeavors to provide for
those dependent upon him, but their respect for
him is diminished by his own loss of conscious
independence, and the change experienced in the
social position of them all, arising not from the
necessity of proper retrenchment. This he and
they can meet, but society always attaches a cer-
tain degree of odium to the insolvent, who in his
turn is humiliated, and often so far depressed that
he resorts to dissipation as the means of finding
a temporary forgetfulness. He feels weak and
degraded in the eyes of that little domestic circle
of his wife and children, of those whom he is
bound by every honorable and sacred instinct of
our nature to maintain and defendatall legitimate
hazards, by the daily labor of his life, receiving
in return as his natural right the cherished equiv-
alent of their affection and respect. He can be-
stow upon them nothing more than a temporary
subsistence, taking care at best that he never has
at his command more than the savings of a limited
number of days. The law has done all it can to
make honesty no longer the best policy for him,
and the only hope he has of worldly prosperity,
or of competence, consists in practicing dishonor-
able concealments.
It is urged by many persons that the bankrupt
act of 1841 was unpopular, and led to the over-
throw of the party that was chiefly instrumental
in its passage. I regard such an objection as un-
worthy of statesmen of wide and liberal views,
