1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this amendment. The road to which the Gov-
ernment credit will be given, the Pawnee road,
may construct their line to the north bank of the
Kansas river at its mouth, and we in Missouri
before we can connect with it, will have somehow
or other to get a charter and build a road across
the Kansas river and across a part of the Terri-
tory of Kansas, and that we cannot do. I think to
require that would be very unjust. The House
of Representatives made this branch terminate at
Kansas City, and that is fair and right; but now
the committee of the Senate have so amended the
bill as to say that it shall terminate at the mouth
of the Kansas river, either on the north or south
side. If it terminates on the north side of the river
we can make no connection with them
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should like to call
the attention of the Senator from Missouri to sec-
.tion fifteen of this bill:
Sec;. 15. Jlnd be it farther enactcd, That any other rail-
road company now incorporated, or hereatter to be incor-
porated, shall have the li^ht to conncct their road with the
one provided for by this act, at such places and upon such
just and equitable teims as the President of the United
States inay prescribe.
There is no difficulty whatever about this mat-
ter.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the Sena-
tor from Kansas designs that we shall have the
connection in Missouri, as the bill presumes to
give it to us, with this line to which Government
aid is given. Then why not say so ? If the fif-
teenth section is intended for this purpose, say it
and say it here. I do not want the President of
the United States to be troubled with the extreme
difficulty of giving a charter to Missouri to build
a railroad through a portion of the Territory of
Kansas. That is what I want to avoid, and the
gentleman can certainly not object to it. If the
fifteenth section is to give us that privilege, why
not give it to us expressly? It will be remem-
bered that if this road comes down on the north
side of the river there is a strip of Kansas terri-
tory, at the mouth of the Kansas river, between
Kansas City and the line, and therefore we can
have i>0 connection, and we have to cross the
large river of Kansas, and have to do it upon Kan-
sas soil, before we can make a connection with
the Pacific railroad of Missouri. It is extremely
unjust, I undertake to say, to that line of road.
The intention is to make this line connect with
the Pacific railroad of Missouri. Then, I say, let
us have it directly and expressly without dodg-
ing the question.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the amendment
of the committee will be adopted. The reason of
it is this, there is a town on the Kansas side of the
river, Wyandotte City, and on the Missouri side
there is Kansas City. The people of Wyandotte
thought it would be hard to discriminate in favor
of Kansas City. They feel their importance as
much as Kansas City docs as a town. To meet
that objection, we gave the company the right to
start the road at the mouth of the river on either
side. My understanding—I do notsay that I know
it,however—is that the Pacific road of Missouri is
to bo constructed to the mouth of the Kansas river.
The Senator from Missouri, who should know
better than I do, differs from me in opinion.
Mr. HENDERSON. We cannot get to the
mouth ofthe Kansas riverunless Kansas will give
us a charter, because there are one and a half or
two miles between Kansas City and the mouth of
the Kansas liver.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator fiom Mis-
souri is mistaken. The line ofthe State of Mis-
souri is not more than a quaitct of a mile fiom
Kansas City.
Mr. HENDERSON. You are mistaken.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. Perhaps I am. I de-
sire to state tint my understandingis that the Pa-
cific road of Missouri extends to the mouth of
the Kansas river, or near it; that is its ternnnus.
The object of the committee was to haimonizc
these conflicting interests of Wyandotte and Kan-
sas City, with a view ofconnecting the Pacific, road
of Missouri; and both the Senators from Missoui l !
know that as far as my own interest is concerned, j
I would desire the road to go up the south side of j
the Kansas river.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am a little astomsned
at the last remai ks made by the Senator from Kan-
sas after he had pointed me to the fifteenth section.
I have notgivcii much attention to this bill; I have
not been able to do so; but my colleague has de-
voted some time to it. The Senator from Kansas
pointed mc to thcfiftcenth sectionwhich gave me
to understand, if anything, that we should have a
right by getting the authority of the President to
that effect, to connect our road in Missouri with
this line of road. He now tells me that there is
a little town at the mouth of the Kansas river;
and that in order to harmonize conflicting interests
there, itwasnecessary tostop the road on thenorth
side at Wyandotte. That is the very difficulty I
want to avoid. If it is intended to unite with this
great line of road in Missouri which has its con-
nection with all the eastern roads at St. Louis, and
certainly that must be the design, the connection
should be made at Kansas City, and there ought
not to be half a mile or a quarter of a mile left be-
tween Kansas City and the State line. The Sen-
ator would have this road stop at the little town
of Wyandotte, a small village at the mouth of the
Kaw river, on the north side, and it would com-
pel us at the terminus of the Pacific railroad of
Missouri to travel a distance of a mile and a half
or two miles by coaches, and to transport freight
that distance across the mouth of the Kansas river
in order to make that connection. Then the fif-
teenth section is a mere cheat, a more delusion held
out in order to make me believe that which is not
so.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. I desire, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Missouri, to set my-
self right. He is mistaken as to the position that
I assumed. I said that I was in favor of striking
out Kansas City to prevent jealousy on the part
of Wyandotte. Let me say to the Senator from
Missouri there is not in my opinion a more beau-
tiful town site than that of Wyandotte. What I
desire is that the Kansas company may commence
their road at the Kansas line on the south side of
the river, which will be a quarter of a mile from
the mouth of the river below, and will carry the
Pacific road up about three quarters of a mile.
The Pacific company will construct their road in
the State of Missouri, and the Kansas company
will commence their road at the Kansas line on the
south side of the river. I hope the amendment
of the committee will be adopted for the reason I
gave that the people ofthe city of Wyandotte will
complain of the discrimination against them if the
bill stands as it is in this respect.
Mr. POMEROY. I perceive that my colleague
is not understood by the Senator from Missouri.
What has been said by ihe Senator from Missouri
is true, that the State of Missouri does not come
up to the Kansas river at its mouth, but it docs
touch the Kansas river just above the mouth,
within a mile and a half from its mouth.
Mr. HENDERSON. At Wyandotte?
Mr. POMEROY. Wyandotte is not in this
question. Wyandotte is not in the bill. What we
design by the amendment of the committee is to
allow the company who construct this road to
take their choice, either to go up on the north or
the south side of the river, and we did not intend
to compel them to run into MissourHwo or three
miles, or one mile, or half a mile. The amend-
ment as it came from the committee I think is
just right, but this amendment of the Senator from
Missouri is obviously wrong for two reasons. In
the first place it compels the company to go up on
a side ofthe river where they may not choose to
go, that may not be for their interest.
" Mr. HENDERSON. Allow mc to correctthc
Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. Oritcompcls them to bridge
U The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Kansas yield the floor to the Senator
from Missouri?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; I have not got
through yet. I say they must either go up on
the south side ofthe river, which maybe agreat
mconvcnience and hardship, or else they must
biidgotherifcr, which may bo a still greater hard-
ship, and in any event, the interests of the com-
pany and the road and Missouri are promoted by
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire merely to have
this matter properly understood. ^ Let me ask this
committee m all sincerity if they intended to bung
this branch down near to Kansas City, and to leave
it on the north side ofthe Kansas river, with a strip
of Kansas territory between it and the Pacific
railroad of Missouri, without suffering a connec-
tion. That is all I want to know. I do noteom-
pel, by this amendment, the road to run on the
south side of the river, though the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Lane] says that he desires that the
road should go on the south side. All I wish is,
that if they go on the north side they shall con-
struct a bridge across, so that we can unite with
it. If they will come to the mouth of the Kansas
ri ver instead of to Kansas City, let them build the
road over theKansassoil; but if they come down
the south side, as the gentleman desires it shall be
done, there is no bridge to be built until they get
up to Lawrence.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. How does it now read?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as amended, is in line five of section nine,
to strike out " Kansas City," and insert, " the
mouth of the Kansas river, on the south side
thereof, so as to connect with the Pacific railroad
of Missouri."
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line six of section nine, to strike out " one hun-
dred and second" before " meridian,"and insert
"aforesaid point, not further west than the one
hundredth."
Mr. CLARK. That should be amended by
striking out the words " not further west than
and inserting " on," so as to correspond with a
previous amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nineteen of
section nine, to strike out " Kansas City" and
insert " the mouth of the Kansas river."
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by adding after " river" the words
" as aforesaid," so as to make it correspond with
the amendment above.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified if there be no objection.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty, of
section nine, to strike out " one hundred and sec-
ond,"and insert, "aforesaid point not further
west than the one hundredth."
Mr. CLARK. That should be modified by
striking out, "not further west than," and in-
serting " on."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-two,
of section nine, to strike out "St. Joseph's,"
and insert, " Missouri," so as to make the clause
read:
And said lailroad through Kansas shall be so located
between the mouth of tile Kansas river aforesaid and tiie
aforesaid point on the one hundreth meridian of longitude,
that the seveial lailroads from Missouri and Iowa, herein
authorized to connect with the same, can make tile con-
nection within tiie limits piesented in this act, without de-
viating from the general direction of the whole line to the
Pacific coast.
The next amendment was after the word " Kan-
sas," in line twenty-six of section nine, to in-
sert, " west of Fort Riley," and in line twenty-
seven. to strike out " one hundred aiad second,"
and insert " aforesaid point not further west than
the one hundredth;" so as to make the clause
read:
The route in Kansas west of Fort Riley to the aforesaid
point not further west than the one hundredth meridian of
longitude, to be subject to the approval of the Piesident of
the United States.
Mr. CLARK. That should be modified by
striking out, "not further west than," and in-
serting " on."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendmenl, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-one of
scction nine, to strike out "one hundred and sec-
ond," and insert "aforesaid point not further
west than the one hundredth."
Mr. CLARK. The same modification should
be made there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be modified to conform to previous sim-
ilar amendments.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
