mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
The next amendment was in line three of sec-
tion ten, to strike out " Kansas City," and insert
" the mouth of the Kansas liver."
" Mr. HENDERSON. Add " as aforesaid."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
Modified, in' accordance with a previous amend-
ment of a similar character.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty, after
the word " telegraph," to strike out the words
"to said meridian oflongitude,"and insert" with
the consent of the said Kansas company;" so as
to make the clause read:
And the Hannibal and St. Joseph Baitroad Company, the
Pacific Railroad Company of Missouri,and the first-named
company, or either of them, on filing their assent to this act,
as atoresatd, may unite tipon equal terms, under this act,
With the said Kansas company in constructing said railroad
Had telegraph, with the consent of the said Kansas com-
pany-
Mi;. HARLAN. I think that changes the mean-
ing of the whole paragraph. It now reads:
And the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company, the
Pacific Railroad Company of Missouri, and the first named
company, or either of them, on filing their assent to this act,
as aforesaid, may unite upon equal terms, under this act,
with the said Kansas company in constructing said railroad
and telegraph to said meridian of longitude.
The committee propose, as I understand it, to
strike out the words " to said meridian of longi-
tude," so that the " said railroad and telegraph"
would seem to me to include the main railroad line
tb the Pacific,and I suppose itwas not the inten-
tion of the committee so to amend the bill as to
enable the roads in Missouri to take control of the
Union Pacific railroad. I call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to the fact, and ask if
that was the intention?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It certainly was not the
intention of the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. Then this amendment evi-
dently ought not to be adopted so far as the strik-
ing out is concerned.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The words should not
be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
regard the proposition as two separate amend-
ments; the first to strike out the words, " to the
said meridian of longitude."
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thenextques-
tion is on inserting the words, " with the consent
of the said Kansas company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-two
of section ten, to strike out " western" and insert
" eastern;" so as to read, "eastern boundary of
California."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve, to
strike out the words " agreed upon by said com-
panies," and insert" determined by the President
of the United States;" so as to read:
The track upon the entire line of railroad shall be of uni-
form width, to be determined by the President of the Onited
States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five of
section twelve, to strike out "one hundred and
second," and insert "aforesaid point not further
west than the one hundredth."
Mr. CLARK. The same modification should
be made there as before, by striking out " not fur-
ther west than," and inserting " on."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifica-
tion will be made.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in line four of section
thirteen,to insert "via Atchison;"so as to make
the section read:
Sec. 13. ~1nd be it further enacted, That the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company of Missouri may extend
Itsroads from St. Joseph, via Atchison, to connect and
unite with the roads through Kansas, upon filing its absent
to the provisions of this act, upon the same terms and con-
ditions, &c.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I object to the
amendment, and I suggest that it be passed over
for the present. I shall aslc for a separate vote on
it in the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I think we had better take the
question now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is proposed to reserve
it until we come into the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
pursue the regular course in calling upon the Sen-
ate to act on each amendment in its order, unless
by common consent it be passed over.
Mr. CLARK. I think it can be adopted now,
and then we can take the question in the Senate.
All these amendments will come up again in the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
passed over, except by order of the Senate. It is
now before the body for consideration, and the
question is on agreeing to it, and inserting these
words; but by common consent, as a matter of
convenience, it may be passed over; and it will be
passed over, if there be no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The proposition is,
that it be adopted, and that the Senator from Mis-
souri call for a separate vote on it when the bill
shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I object to the
adoption of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nevertheless,
the question must be put. It is for the body to
decide whether it shall be adopted or not.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of section
fourteen, to insert after " route," the words " to
be subject to the approval of the President of the
United States;" so as to make the section read:
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said Union
Pacific Railroad Company is hereby authorized and required
to construct a single line of raihoad and telegraph from a
point on the western boundary of the State of Iowa, west-
erly, upon the most direct and practicable route, to be sub-
ject to the approval of the President of the United States,
to as to form a connection with the lines of said company
at some point not further west than the one hundred and
second meridian of longitude aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of sec-
tion fourteen, to strike out "one hundred and
second," and insert " one hundredth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. There should be a modification
in line seven of that section; and if the Senate will
allow, it might as well be made now. It now
reads, " at some point not further west than the
one hundredth meridian." It should be " some
point on the one hundredth meridian."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made.
The next amendment was in section fourteen,
line thirty, to insert the words "Iowa branch
or," before " mam line," and in the thirtieth and
thirty-first lines to strike out " within three hun-
dred miles of the Missouri river," and in lieu of
them to insert " to a point not further west than
the one hundredth meridian of longitude afore-
said;" so as to make the clause read:
And whenever there shall be a line of railroad completed
through Minnesota or Iowa to Sioux City, or a point op-
posite the same on the Missouri river, then said coiporation
shall construct a branch road trom Sioux City, to connect
With said Iowa branch or main line, to a point not futlher
west than the one hundredth meridian of longitude afore-
said, and it is hereby authorized to construct the same upon
tiie same terms and conditions as are provided in tins act
for the construction of the main line atoresaid.
Mr. CLARK. The same modification should
be made there.
Mr. HARLAN. I think on looking at this more
closely the Senator from New Hampshire will see
that the modification is not required in this amend-
ment. This is the Sioux City branch, and if they
should be able to connect with the Iowa branch at
a nearer point, perhaps it might be well to allow
them to do it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Iowa
is correct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
from New Hampshire does not move an amend-
ment to the amendment, the questiou is on agree-
ing to the amendment as reported.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso at the end of the fourteenth sec-
tion:
Provided, That no moie than $7,500 in bond? per mile
shall be issued for the const!uction of said branch road:
And provided further, That if said corporation shall fail
to construct the branches provided for in tins section it
shall forfeit the privileges provided for by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four of section
fifteen, after the word "upon," to insert "such;"
so as to read, "upon such just and equitable
terms," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment wasin line five of section
fifteen, after the word " terms," to strike out" or
such as Government may from time to time pre-
scribe,"and insert "as the President of the Uni-
ted States may prescribe;" so as to make the sec-
tion read:
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any other rail-
road company now incorporated, or hereafter to be incor-
porated, shall have the right to connect their road with the
one provided for by this act, at such places and upon such
just and equitable terms as the President of the United
States may prescribe, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest an amend-
ment to the text here, lest I may forget it. The*
word "one," at the end of line three, should be
stricken out,and the words" road and branches"
inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be so modified, if there is no objection. The
Chair hears no objection.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line three of section seventeen, to strike out the
word " in," and insert " by."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The same
amendment is to be made in the fourth line. If
there be no objection, it will be considered as
adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest an amendment
to the text, in the fourth line of the same section,
after the word " telegraph," to insert the words
" and branches."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line twelve of section seventeen, after the word
" provided," to strike out the words " that if a
road from the Missouri river to the city of Sacra-
mento is not completed on the 1st day of January,
1876, the entire road or roads built under the pro-
visions of tins act shall be forfeited to the United
States," and to insert in lieu thereof:
That if said roads are not completed, so a-? to form a con-
tinuous line of railroad ready for use from the Missouri river
to the navigable waters of the Sacramento river, in Califor-
nia, by the 1st day of July, 1876, the whole of all of said rail-
roads before mentioned and to be constructed under the pro-
visions of this act, together with all their furniture, fixtures,
rolling stock, machine shops, lands, tenements, and here-
ditaments, and property of every kind and character, 6hall
be forfeited to and be taken possession of by the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen of
section eighteen, after the word " law," to strike
out the following words:
And the better to accomplish the objectof this act, name-
ly, to promote the public interest and welfare by the con-
struction of said lailroad and telegraph line, and keeping
the same in working order, and to secure to the Govern-
ment at al! times (but particularly in time of war) the use
and benefitsof the same for postal,militaiy,and other pur-
poses, Congress may, at any time, having due regard for
the rights of said companies named herein, add to, alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three of sec-
tion nineteen, after the word " act," to insert the
words " except mineral lands."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. At the proper time I shall
move to strike out that whole section. If it is in
order I make the motion now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not now
in order. The next amendment of the committee
will be read.
The next amendment was in line four of sec-
tion nineteen, to strike out the words " teiritorial
laws,"and to insert " laws of Congress."
The last amendment of the committee was to in-
sert as an additional section:
Sec. 20. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the several rail-
road companies herein named are authorized to enter into
an arrangement with the Pacific Telegraph Company, the
Oveiland Telegraph Company, and tiie California "State
Telegraph Company, so that "the present line of telegraph
between the Missouri river and San Francisco may bo
moved upon or along the line of said railroad company as
fa«it as said toad-* aie built; ami if said airangemeut be en-
tered into, and the transfer of said telegraph line be made
in accordance therewith to the line of said railroad, such
transfer shall, for all purposes of this act, be held and con-
