1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801
magnificent ^lowor, with the facilities for trans-
portation, and lias built up the great seats of man-
ufacturing industry in regions destitute of the ad-
vantages here found? Why is it that the fertile
regions of the Potomac, the Shenandoah and the
James,instead of the regions, barren and compara-
tively difficult, of access, of the Merrimac, have
not attracted capital and industry?
I was forcibly impressed, sir, a few weeks ago,
by a remark made by the venerable gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,] in regard to his
connection with slavery. He said that his father
and grandfather were slaveholders; that he had
always resided in a slave State; that he had never
been willingly the owner of a single slave, but
had liberated eleven human beings. This was
said in no spirit of boasting, and yet it was with
a heart overflowing with honest pride that he an-
nounced the fact; I doubt not that the heart of
every man in the House responded to this feeling.
I confess I felt grieved and disappointed when a
little later I saw that gentleman, by his vote against
the resolution providing for concurrent emancipa-
tion recommended by the President, and after-
wards by his vote against emancipation in this
District, do all in his power, m his legislative
capacity, to prevent others from experiencing the
same satisfaction.
In what I have said, Mr. Speaker, I have not
attempted the discussion of legal, constitutional
questions connected with the measure of confis-
cation . 1 lea ve that to o the is who are better qual-
ified for it. I have aimed to present some general
considerations in its favor, and to remove some
general objections, more especially those enter-
tained by gentlemen from the border States, which
1 believe stand more in the way of such a measure
than stiictly legal objections. I have alluded to
the good faith always observed by the North to-
wards those interested in the institution of sla-
very; to the sinceie desire always evinced in her
political action to arrive at a peaceful solution of
all difficulties; to the unprovoked and atrocious
character of the rebellion; find to the jealous re-
gard .shown by the national Legislature, and by
the Rxecutiw, fir all constitutional obligations
towards loyal slaveholders. I have referted to the
magnanimous tender, on the part of the Executive
and of Congress j of compensation to all loyal slave-
holders, a tender made while every industrial in-
tetest of the North is piostrdte, and while her
people are staggering under the burdens whifh
theyare hearing. I have endeavored toshow that
the ie,i!, the petmanent interests of the border
slave States ate identical, inseparable indeed, from
those of the free States.
And now, I appeal to the gentlemen who rep-
resent those States on the floor of the House, if it
is not tune to give up the prejudices of the past,
and to look to the great fa<*ts of the present, and
calculate their piobable influence upon the future.
In tunes of revolution events come thick and fast,
and watt not upon measuios of timid policy, if
this struggle goes on—and to me it seems not
doubtful that ft will—no sane man can doubt what
will be. the 11',suit, so far as the institution of sla-
very is concerned. The North has acted mag-
nanimously; but it cannot be supposed that she
wi'l postpone to shivery the question of self-pi es-
ervatmn. In all kindness 1 say to gentlemen
fiom the bolder States that what we stand ready
to do to-day the events of to-morrow may put
beyond the bounds of possibility.
RESOLUTION OF STATE LEGISLATURE.
Mr PR -VNK, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
New Y<uk; which were laid on the table, and
ordeied to be punted.
The lesoiutioiis were as follows:
< 'a vmbeu. Ai.n vxy. ^prV 10,
On mat ion <u Mi. l"k wr\, the following p.ramble and
1 f-o'at H>T!^ \\ Clf UilU!!lt!)<H!-vh .uinpti tl :
Wher a-- itiiie a1!1 mi !>!'• in the Compuo'ler1- Office of
tie' ^uitc of i\ 'w Yoik, muuI'v (''nia^or --oMici-v of the
w 0! </I 1 |<>! ( Inllwim will ts out in llie set vice ol
tn-'(anted Stale*, toi a.ins u-cd and lo-t. ami lot <qiup-
tn'Ul--atnl tin tvoul,ii>:e c-\pen-e-. in viid w;u, a Iai;re pio
pni iiDit ot which claim-- have been (3ut\ endued and i ev i*ed
hv t he pi op-" am hoi Iiic-J of thi-' State : Vow, t!t>'i e'orc
B>' U ?ew/i c), Thai the Repre-cntal i\ e* et tin^ ^iate ni
hoiit ILm-e*. ol Conme-s he teqtKMeii to obtain. at the
(Mihi'-t ]>o-.-ih!c (l.n.aii iU'kuoWtedi.'ineiit b\ the (It net ill
Government ot 11s- obh-Mt ion tin etnnd imiuiv State ney ad-
vance- thai it ui'i\ make m payment ol a!l pi-t di'tnaud-
m ule }>\ tl;.' -oldie.-: of this SMIe wild -et Ved 111 li-dv ieiW
<hu iiiii 'he I i-t u at w:tlf (ire U li i i f un.
P,cv)lceJ, Tiru the Ch'ik ol tins IIou*e transmit a eopj
! of tins preamble and resolution to each member of Congress
; from tin1* State.
By Older of the Assembly.
J. B. CUSHMAN, Clerk.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY AGAIN.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire very
informally to give expression to some opinions I
entertain bearing upon the matter now engaging
the attention of tins House. I am led to believe,
from the remarks which have fallen here this morn-
ing, that those who are earnest in the support of
this contemplated legislation, ai c impelled to lend
that support from a desire to weaken the enemy
during the present war, rather than to inflict pun-
ishment upon them after the restoration of peace.
In the votes which I have cast upon the different
confiscation bills, so far as they have been submit-
ted to vote, I have in no single instance been able
to represent my views as I would desire them to be
represented. From the strange condition of things
existing in this House, it has been impossible for
me to do so; and therefore it is that I desire briefly
to express the opinions I entertain touching the
whole of this contemplated legislation. If it is
the determination of gentlemen by confiscation to
weaken tfie enemy during this war, then [ hold
that the Constitution of the United States never
contemplated any such thing, because, in view of
the Constitution ail such legislation is entirely un-
necessary. But, sir, we have been forced to take
our stand here as we have taken it, in consequence
of the lefusal on the part of the President of the
(Jutted States to discharge what is a plain duty
imposed upon him. We have been called upon,
not merely to perform legislative acts, but we have
been asked to constrain the Executive of the coun-
try to discharge a plain, sworn,constitutional duty.
1 hold, sir, that it is the bounden duty of the
President of the United States to suppress this
rebellion. I contend that he is bound by oath to
do so; that the Constitution makes it imperative
upon him to do so. When he sweats that he wdl
" preset ve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United States," he sweats that he wdl
make use of all the means necessary to the ac-
complishment of that end, and when lebelhon is
inaugutated, having for its object the total sub-
version of the Constitution of the United States,
it requires no legislation by Congress to enable
him to discharge his sworn duty. And, sir, he
believes as I believe, for acts, time and ouam, per-
formed by him evidence the fact. Under the
clause of the Constitution to which I makV refer-
ence, he has caused things to be done which are
as extreme as the seizaoe of rebel property, and
which would he as indefensible in time of peace,
or under any other notion than that they vvete
necessary to defend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Acts which, under ordinary circum-
stances, would be icgauled as most tyrannical
and indefensible, have been resorted to by the
Piesident of the United States, quite as indefen-
sible and precisely of the same character as setz-
ute and confiscation without legislation; I do not
mean technical confiscation, but the seizure and
final disposition of the piopeity of rebels, includ-
ing skwes.
Why, sir, under what authority of existing law
was >? ili.it the President incarcerated the Legis-
lature of Maryland? Under what provision of
exisiii;^ law is it that men ate daily seized and
imprisoned in forts ? Undo what provision of ex-
isting law is it lie appoints military governois?
Unless the President falls back upon the clause of
the Constitution upon winch I rely, his oath of
office, u Inch binds bun " to pie^erve, pioteet, and
j deh nd the Constitution of the Uni I ed States," he
I has no defense whatever, and he hes plaved the
i tyrant as much in Xero ever did. He believed
j that these men arrested and held were engaged in
^ the work of tiensoo, or wet _• about to engage in
i the work of treason, and that it was, therefoie,
i necessary for the prose i vat ion of the existing Gov-
ernment and the maintenance of the sanctity of
, the laws that they should be put m such a position
i as to render them mcanable of mischief. lie did
! it, not bv virtue of any statute law, but by the
btien^th of the military at in. He did it as a mcas-
! ure ot precau lion, of necessitv , and not m pursu-
| anee of an act of Coogt ess. And, sir, does no?
1 every man see that when tho«;o en^asvd m lebel-
hon have an unrestricted use of their piopei jy,
, and aie at hbeity to employ their slavt s, not only
! m the erection of formications, but in the foima-
tion of companies and regiments, and in the de-
fense of military works, it is a matter of necessity
to deprive them of those auxiliaries. If the Pres-
ident may arrest a man and deprive him of his
liberty because he is a dangerous element in so-
ciety at the present moment, why, I inquire, may
he not deprive the rebel of the property that he is
using in the rebellion, and of the slave that con-
stitutes a part of his physical force ?
Sir, the President of the United States believes
that he has a lightto deprive the rebel of his prop-
erty and the master of his slave. I repeat, his acts
time and again evidence the fact, and it is noth-
ing more, in my opinion, than a determination
upon his part to shirk an unpleasant duty, which
has disorganized and corrupted this body of legis-
lators. It is a lack of those traits of character ne-
cessary to the discharge of grave responsibilities
which lias forced us into discord and disagree-
ment. Sir, I am opposed to that legislation which
is needed mciely to compel a compliance with
sworn obligations, and more especially when the
dereliction is on the part of the highest executive
officer of the Government. Were Andrew Jack-
sonville and President of the Republic at such a
time as this, no legislation of this contemptible
character would be required at the hands of Con-
gress, nor would a Democratic party in power,
under such circumstances, ever conceive there was
a necessity for any such thing. These are days
of irresponsibility and imbecility, and we arc re-
quired to pel form two offices—the office of legisla-
tors and the office of President. As I am no man-
worshipper, Mr. Speaker, I may he allowed to
express myself without disguise, and as I have
ever professed to respect manly devotion to prin-
ciple and sincere love of countiy more than party
names, I must not be accused of inconsistency.
It was in accordance with this opinion which I
entcitam as to the obligations imposed upon the
President by the Constitution,and as to the sound-
ness of which I have no doubt whatever, that I
piesuitcd, as a minonty report ftom the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, a joint resolution which
has been for some tune before the House, and to
which 1 desne for a moment to call the attention
of gentlemen. It is as follows:
That the Pte-idcut of the United Status a*? Commander-
in-Chief ol the Anny and Navy ot the United State*. i-« au-
thored to make u--e ol alt im-ans not ineun-a-.tent with
tlie laws ol'wat, which, in his judgment, may he deemed
ncee—;aty to crn-di the rebellion, including the seizine and
final dt^poc-nion ot all the propeity, teal and personal, of
lijoM- en<iac:rd in armed leheihon the Government
o! the United States oi aidms; msueh rebellion, including
slave*; and that, in the opinion of Confess, decided
inca-?urt:-> on the pdit of the .Cvecuuvc have aheady be-
come necessary.
That resolution, when offered in the form of an
amendment to a bill yesterday, having been voted
down by this House, I have been driven to the
necessity of doing the next best thing I could;
and believing that the property of rebels ought to
be seized and taken, and that they ought to be
deprived of the services of their slaves, I have
voted for every measure which looked to that end,
although it might not be what i would prefer.
This joint resolution is predicated upon that pro-
vision of the Constitution cited—upon the princi-
ple that the President, inasmuch as he is sworn
to defend the Constitution, has, by virtue of that
provision, all the powers necessary to defend it;
that the law never imposes a duty upon a man
without giving him the powers necessary to per-
form the duty, that whatever is necessary to ex-
ecute the command follows the command. And
it' the President shall find in the prosecution of
this war that it is necessary to seize the real and
i petsoual property of the common enemy, and to
1 confiscate their slaves, I say that, under the war
; power which is vested in him as Commandet-in-
| Chief of tho Army and Navy, he may do it; and
' that any act of legislation confeiring additional
power upon him to that end, is a work of super-
erogation.
Then, sir, as 1 view it, U is not necessary to have
such legislation as is now contemplated. I say
that it is impolitic and weakening to resort to it.
It is impolitic for the leason that you cannot see
into the futuie. That faculty is denied us. I
know very well that those gentlemen who were
nm«?t earnest for the legislation of August last;
believed that they would thereby very materially
strengthen the hands of the Executive, whereas
it turned out eventually that they were defeating
the very purpose that they had in view: for when
