780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
kies furnished by the preservation and retention
by theengraversthemselvesofthediesfrom which
they make the plates from which these notes are
printed.
This is all I desire to say. I have no hope but
this amendment, of the Senate will prevail. I know
what makes it prevail; and without imputing an
intention to any member who votes for it, 1 know
the potency of influences, unconscious as we may
be of them; and 1 believe that the members of this
House and of the other branch have been blinded
to the real state of this fact and of this case by the«
motive of certain bank companies in New York
to add to their already enormous profits the raoie
enormous ones attendant upon the engraving of
this $150,000,000 of notes.
Mr. SPAULDING. I may be indulged, Mr.
Speaker, in a few words of reply to the gentleman
from Massachusetts. In the first place, 1 desire
to call the attention of the House to Miscellaneous
Document No. 42, which is upon the table of every
member. I found it upon my desk this morning.
It contains a full explanation of the circumstances
attending the making of this contract with the
American and National Bank Note Companies.
It shows the prices paid, and the amount already
paid under the contract, and all other circum-
stances attending the printingof these notes. This
document is too long to be read at this time; and
I only ask the Clerk to read, first, the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury:
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, Fchruant 5, 1862.
Sir: In complmncc with yourl'tutherrequest, relative to
the expenses of the loans made under the authority of the
acts oi 17th July and ,' tli August la«*t, T have the honor io
Mate that tin; u hole liability on account oi encravimr, paper,
piintlntr, ami munbenng of tho .several issue--, as icceivcd,
to tho USth January la^t, as follows :
For printing, niimbei inland paper theiefor, of three year"*
bonds, one hundred and forty two thousand si\ bundled
impressions, iepre*-enting $113,31,">,0(W  %1?,9">  bl
Foi im?ravin<iandalien upplate*.fm threeyeai.-*'
bonds, and retouching  6,470 00
Asirregato for three years' bonds  2-l,4:2S 81
For engraving printing, and numbering United
States notes, payable on demand, and p iper
therefoi, hay one million lour bundled and
forty two thousand two hundred and fi'ty
sheets, leqnlrhuj four million three bundled
and twenty-six thousand seven hundred and
fitty impressions, reprcscutim;, in value,
$17,090,000  113,381 65
Toiul engraving, prmtmsf, and paper  131,809 4t>
In addition, iheic will be tut thei demand-! tor
about $3,000,000 in value of United States
note?, and for $.)(M)00.(jOO of registered bonds,
now in couise of printing by the National iiank
Note Company.
The clerical torco required to sign, register, and
nth< i wise ptcpaie these i^ucs tot use, (a Ust
of which h.ts been sent to you,) le.pnies a
monthly payment ol ,$y,36f) (>7, and there has
been dniwn the miiii oi  -12,736 69
For additional clerks at the offices of the As-
sistant Trea->uicis  7,033 17
For commission tosubseupuou agents.  3.">,9uf> 81
Making mi ncjresate of ascertained and liqui-
dated claims, amounting to $-2^.705 16
Of tbh, there has been paid, thus far, for paper, engiav-
irjg, pihuing, and numbering,,#10(3,61)5 88.
The whole appropii.uion was i$3j0,000.
As tins Mini is expected to cover all tho expense*, of
whatever chaiactcr, including the co^t of uaiisportation
from the 'fieaMiiy in Washington to the sevcial points of
disbursement, for siattoneij, and all other incidental ex-
pense-, it \v;h deemed necessaiy to ask for the additional
amount to meet thes,c charge?, &omo of which, considera-
ble in magnitude, (such as tiansportation of United States
notes to places wbeie requited for payment,) are not In-
curred in oidmaiy loans.
J have the honor to tian«mif. In further explanation,
roptaa of the several agreements made i!nou<ih the As^ist-
ant Ti eaMii or at New Yorlc, with the American and .National
Bank Note Companies lor fui ni-liin^ the papei, and for the
engraving, printing and nnmberinir of the seveial classes
of issues authorized by the acts of July and Auqie-t last,
and all the conespondence in connection tlierew nil. The
question by whom the Government would be most cer-
tainly. most seeurrdy, and most economically served, was
lefeued to that otlicer, who, hy personal knowledge and
investigation, could b^&t determine as to the ehaiacfer of
parties and their iacihties lor executing the required work,
and lot the sale-keeping of the plate? nnd impassion*.
decision was caieiulh made after lull iuquirv and
examination, and was appioved by me
The work of the bank note companies has been well done,
and at prices Meen per cent, less than the rates heietofore
paid foi simihu work, and no loss whatever has been a  vei
incurred.
I have the honor, sir, to be, with great respect, vour
obedient servant, S. P. CHASE,"
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden,
Chairman Committee on Finance^ United States Senate.
Mr. SPAULDING. Thatletterexplains itself.
Bat in addition to that, I ask the Clerk to read the
letter of Mr. Cisco.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Office Assistant Treasurer United States,
New York, January 11, 1869.
Sir: I received this afternoon, too late foi tiie mail, your
telegiam, in the following words:
1• riend immediately contract for printing with American
Bank Note Company, and National, with any remarks
thought necessary.*
I accordingly have the honor to transmit herewith the
several agreements desired:
A. Tile agieemenr with the American Bank Note Com-
pany, dated July 29, 1831, foi the engraving and printing ot
the United Stales (demand) notes and three and sixty-live
hundredths interest notes.
13. The agreement with the same company, of the same
date, lor the engravmc and printing ot the United States
thteeyear^' seven and three tenths per cent, bonds.
C. Memorandum ot modification in the agreement, last
previous, under date of'August *22,1881, induced by the de-
cision to attach coupons to the aforesaid bonds.
D Agreement with the National Bank Note Company,
made Ausjust 14, 1861, for the engraving and printing of the
Oregon wai bonds.
Er Agreement with the National Bank Note Company,
dated November 23, 1831, for enginvtna: and printing the
tvventv jeais' bonds ot Novembei 16, 18G1.
F. Ouginal memorandum ol prices, lonmng the basis of
agreement A.
G. Offer of the National Bank Note Company for engrav-
ing and printing United States (demand) notes and three and
sixty live huiuhcdth^ interest note. [Attention is called to
the original calculations, m pencil, on the back of these
two last papers, showing that the proposal of the American
Bank Note Company was considerably the lowest of the
two ]
I desire, at the outset of this letter, to say that from the
very commencement you transferred the entiie responsi-
bility of inakingthesccontracts nnd the ehargc of the work
to myself, and that your instructions to me were, to be
solely guided bv what, in my judgment, would most con-
duce to the public iniciesi 1 ha\ e ondeavoied to di-ch.irge
my dutv faithfully in the piemisex. I mti confident that
never in the histoid of the Government have auvcontiaets
been n\\ aided with moie Miiglcne.s* ol wewioihc public
inteicst than those in question. And it h believed that
it but seldom occurs that equally advantageous ones arc
seemed. Theie weie many uupoitant consideiations in
deciding these mat ten—adequate facilities and capital,
skilled laboi, lapulity of execution, high integnU , See.
Fiom ail the information obtainable by mquiiy and per-
sona! examination, I became *ati -th'd that tilts combination
of qualified lions w a> onlv to be found in the two great com-
panies between whom thewoilcwas divided. I believe
that both have been actuated as much by a legitimate teel-
imr of ptolcssional purie a> hy motives of meie peeinaaiv
inteiesi. And I do not believe that theie has been much
proiit upon am of this woik.
I was aimued at the misstatements alleged to have been
made by cot tain gentluncn in Con^ie^s upon the ocea-ion
of a debate on the appiopuatlon bill, which took place yes-
terday. I can onlj account foi the extiaoidmaiy inconect-
ness of  ome ol the assertions then made by ••uppo-iug them
to be the i csult of the slandois of some mi-ehievouo and,
pet haps, disappointed pei>ons, to me unknown.
I am, very ies>pectiully, vour obedient seivant,
JOHN J CISCO,
vlwistant Trcasitrcr United States.
Hon. S. P. Ciivse, Secretary of the Tieaiury.
Mr. SPAULDING. These k'tteis explain
themselves. It does not require much lime for
me to expose all of the vituperations and mis-
statements which have been made here in refer-
ence to tins contract and the parties employed to
execute it.
Mr. IIOLMAJN". "Will the gentleman yield to
me a single moment ?
Mr. SPAULDING. I prefer not to be inter-
rupt d. In the bill winch v/e passed at the extra
session, seven and three tenths Treasury notes
were authorized to be issued, and the Secretary
of the Treasury was authorized in his discretion
to employ persons to negotiate these Treasury
notes, and to appoint agents in difforcnts parts of
the United States for the purpose of receiving sub-
scriptions and of procuring as large an amount of
such notes to be taken as possible. In pursuance
of that authority, the Secretary of the Treasury
has employed, m various paits of the United
States, agents who weie authoi ized under specific
instructions to advertise and oiler to the public
Treasury notes, and to solicit them to take as huge
an amount as they could. The commissions are
small which have been paid to those agents, who
have faithfully performed their duty, and faith-
fully paid over the money m every case, as re-
quired by the Secietaty of the Treasury,
The amount thus negotiated to the people of the
United States by these agents appointed by the
Secretary of the Tieasury is in the neighborhood
of forty millions of dollars. The commissions,
I thought at the time I saw the advertisements,
were low; and I do not see how any gentleman
upon this floor can raise any objection to the com-
missions which have been paid for the performance
of these services under the circumstances under
which they have been peifoimed. I think the
Secretary should be sustained in the payment of
these commissions. The Senate have sustained
him, and 1 approve of their action.
Now, sir, in reference to the other charges, I
think they can be traced, in most cases, to this
witness who appeared before the iuvesiisrating
committee. Tiie circumstances under which he
appeared before the committee, and the circum-
stances under which he has appeared m all cases
relating to this transaction, have been of an ex-
traoidinary character.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to interrupt the
gentleman, but if he will allow me 
Mr. SPAULDING. I interrupt nobody, and
do not desire to be interrupted.
Mr. DAAVES. Is the gentleman willing that
I should tell him 
Mr. SPAULDING*. No, sir; I decline.
The SPEAKER. When objection is made by
the gentleman speaking, no member has a light
to interrupt him.
Mr. SPAULDING. This witness, who had
skill, but who could not give security either for
the performance of the contract or for his integrity,
is the person to whom nearly all these slanders
against the Treasury Department and against the
parties who have executed this contract can be
traced. Who is this witness? It turns out here
in evidence that he was prowling about Washing-
ton to get an office, and that, failing to get an office,
he went to the Treasury with a view to see whether
he could not get some contract for engraving,
when m the city and State of N',w Yoi k, where
he is known, no banker would employ him for a
moment to execute engraving. Why ? Because
they would not dare tointiusthim with the plates
for the performance of the work. His character
was of such a doubtful reliability ail over the
country with those who know him that he could
not be intrusted to execute work for any banker
m the country, in the city of New Yoik or else-
where. Therefore, the Secretary of theTreasury
did right in requiring of him, not only security
for the petformance of the contract, but for his
integrity.
Now, where do all these extracts in the news-
papers come from ? I do not know how they came
into the hands of the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, nor will I ask him. I have some
idea how they came here. 1 know the vigilance
of tins man Oi msby in undermining and traducing
respectable houses and respectable officials at-
tached to the Government. 1 know that it is very
easy to get articles in the newspupeis and to send
them here, marked, for the purpose of influencing
the action of this House. I know it is the easiest
thing in the world for a man of no ehaiacler, m
the city of New York, to manufacture all kinds
of evidence, and send it here for the purpose of
influencing the action of this House. Cut, sir,
when you undertake to influence the action of the
House in that way, in a matter of so gteat mo-
ment as this, we ought to have the nam'* of the
man who undertakes to slander a high official of
the Government with his newspap< r squibs sent
here marked, and thrown into tho hands of gen-
tlemen for the purpose of traducing ofliceis of the
Government of high chaiacter for integrity and
virtue.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. SPAULDING. I prefer not to yield.
Mr. DAWES, if the gentleman will yield I
will tell him tiie name.
Mr. SPAULDING. What does Mr. Cisco say
in reference to making this contract? He says
he made this contract solely with reference to the
public good, and that it was made as cheap as it
could be made at the time the contract was entered
into. It required not only skill and ability, but
it required a large amount of ability. The parties
must have great facilities for the execution of so
large a contract as th's, and no two companies
could be found that could perform this woik, ex-
cept the American Bank Note Company and the
National Bank Note Company. Mr. Cisco, one
of the officers of this Government, high in official
position m New Yoik, was intruded with the
execution of this conn act, and he. infoi ms you in
this document that he pei foimed that duty to the
best of his ability, and with sole reference to the
interests of this Government, and without regard
