282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
31th Com*.... 2d Sess.
Policy and Object of the War—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. ob Reps.
ward thus far, and see that the results of so much
labor, treasure, and priceless blood, by our action
does not " turn to ashes on our hps." When, but
a little more than one year .ago, the nation awoke
from its sleep of seeming security by the echoes
of the guns trained by American citizens upon a
national fort and garrison, every doubt was dissi-
pated as to the nature of the contest breaking upon
us and the means necessary and indispensable to
be used on our part to vindicate the outraged honor
of the nation and to bring to justice the traitors
who had wrought this work.
In common with thousands, many gallant spir-
its of whom have since proved their devotion to
their country by the offering of their lives, I be-
lieved that this ordeal might have been avoided
without sacrifice of honor to either section of the
country. But when the sword was drawn, and the
question submitted to the arbitrament of war, the
last argument ever employed, 110 alternative re-
mained but submission to traitorous demands, on
the one hand, or the acceptance of the trial by arms
to which we were invited on the other. Simulta-
neous with the mustering forth of the hosts who,
in response to the call of the constituted authori-
ties, flocked to the standard of the Republic, as
never before men came to the defense of an as-
saulted country, arose also an anxious desire to
fully understand the policy which would beadopted
in the prosecution of the struggle, and to hear an-
nounced the principles which would characterize
the contest. Nor was this, Mr. Chairman, from
the peculiar nature and causes of the coming strife
and the circumstances surrounding us, either un-
desirable to know or unreasonable to expect.
With a country uncqualcd in extent, fertile in
resources almost beyond example, peopled by a
brave anil high-souled race, their institutions so-
cial and domestic were essentially variant in each
scction, which most unfortunately hud given rise
to bitter animosity of feeling, and at length had
become the dividing line and basis of political
action.
The result of the last election was to place in
power a political party by the vote of a geograph-
ical section of the Union, and whose success in the
other was regarded as fraught with danger, great
if not absolute, to constitutional rights.
In addition to this, the peculiar structure and
form ol our Government leceived and deserved
consideration—a collection of States, independent
in all save conceded powers, and which out of
their abiin<l;n)ce mrh had surrendered part for the
common good of the whole, and all cemented and
bound by an instrument in which the rights of
cither were clearly defined.
It was also no war against a foreign foe upon
which thecountry wasentering, wheic theshorlest
road to peace was by the infliction of as much in-
jury as possible in the least time and with the least
expense, consistent with (he dictates of humanity
and the laws of war. Those whom we were to
meet in the field of deadly strife were of the same
nation, owing it as much as ourselves allegiance
and patriotic devotion, bound together by the ties
of kindred as well as those of political associa-
tion, possessing rights personal and of pioperty,
which the cloudy ot war cannot obscure and shut
from our sight, for they stand written in that in-
strument which to vindicate and uphold our
brotheis and sons have gone forth to battle.
"While the future looked dark and threatening', but
amidst the lowering clouda, then unbroken by
ainfe, the people heard with great satisfaction the
1 resident elect, on the steps of this building de-
cline as his belief, and avow as a maxim of his
political action:
Si Tli.it tin- maintenance inviolate of the right* of the
states, ami especially die light of each State to order and
control it- own (lotmM'c mstitntion., according lo its own
.mil-.'.iient exclusively, is essential lo that balance of power
™bi7c depend ct""> on<1«ra ee of our political
And in continuation to say:
" That in doing so, I only press upon the public attention
. . m"st C'llleillHVi. evidence ot winch tile case is susccnt-
ible that |,ie pioperty, peace, and security of  „ .seetmn
niiiiiiiraf!" eiltl:u!gered by the now incoming Ad-
The nation, I say, Mr, Chairman, heard these
utterances of tho Chief Magistrate with much sat-
isfaction, and almost against hope trusted the fear-
ful, desolating blast of civil strife would pass from
usj and when the necessities of the country at last
demanded the armed presence of the citizen sol-
dier, in the call for his services from the Execu-
tive was this declaration:
e< That they were required to suppress said combinations,
and to cause the laws to be duly executed, and that the
first service assigned to the forces heiehy called forth will
probably be to repossess the forts, places, and property
which have been seized from the Union ; and in eveiy
event, the utmost care will be observed, consistently with
the object aforesaid, to avoid any devastation, any destruc-
tion of or interference with progeny, or any disturbance of
peaceful citizens of any jiart ot the country."
Whatever differences of political opinion had
before this divided public sentiment in the loyal
States, or however much men everywhere had
clung to the hope and belief in the practicability
of a peaceful solution of the questions which tore
and rent the land, upon terms alike honorable to
each section of the country, yet when the integ-
rity of the Union, the maintenance of our political
institutions intact and unimpaired, and the preser-
vation of our nationality itself became the issues
involved; then, with a unanimity and enthusiasm
unparalleled in history, the great $nd true hearted
masses of the country arose and rallied around its
standard, never so dear before, with the firm de-
termination that its Government should be sus-
tained, its laws obeyed, and those who so inso-
lently defied its authority should be made to feel
its power. From the city and the town, the vil-
lage and the hamlet, from the hill and the plain,
all classes and occupations sent forth their repre-
sentatives to take part in the impending conflict.
They came imbued with the consciousness of the
justice of their cause, their arms nerved with
strength through the love they bore theii land,
attended with the prayers, the hopes, the tears of
a great i\nd loyal people. The object to be secured
as then announced and understood, was well wor-
thy of such a demonstration, well worthy of the
rallying of the loyal sons of the Republic. No
dreams of vain ambition or military glory filled
their hearts, or animated the courage of this great
band; they abandoned the comforts and attractions
of home, family, and friends, not to build up or
sustain the sinking fortunes of a party, or enlarge
the bounds of empire; not to ravage and destroy
and wipe out of existence charters of gt eat States,
or to overwhelm in one wild ruin the social and
domestic institutions of those they had taken up
arms'against. Far otherwise, indeed, were the
purposes which had called this mighty host into
being. Tiicy came to uphold the Government of
the country they loved, to sustain the Constitu-
tion of their fathers, to enforce respect and obe-
dience to the laws of their joint creation, and to
preserve the nationality which was their glory
and renown. Not clearer ore the beams of the
unclouded sun in his meridian strength, not better
defined are the immutable laws of our natural life,
than were the purposes to accomplish which these
men came forth to battle.
They are expressed in the words of the Chief
Magistrate of thft nation,"they are reiterated by
his private counselors; they arc written in the
records of your diplomacy on almost every page
of ministerial instruction; they have been pro-
claimed by your generals at the head of their ad-
vancing legions-,they stand imprinted on the jour-
nals ofy our legislation, declared by the represent-
ativesof the people. Evei y thing which could give
expression to intention or cieai Jy indicate a policy
bears testimony to-day, and will so long as your
history lasts, for what objects you drew the sword.
I shall cite some of these evidences here to show
the correctness of my statement, and with the fur-
ther view to contrast them with the action of this
Congress dui ing the present session, and show the
wide divergence from the original patriotic policy.
it would be vain to search for clearer exposition
of the relations of the Federal Government to the
ptesent rebellious States, as either affected by the
present civil war or m a state of peace and har-
mony, than arc to be found in the mass of volu-
minous correspondence emanating from the pres-
ent State Department to the various diplomatic
representatives of our country at foreign Courts,
submitted to us at the commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress.
Coming from so eminent a statesman as the
head of the State Department, they would, from
tli at iact alone, be worthy of serious consideration,
but when, in addition to that, we consider that
under the rules which obtain in the administration
of the Government, the " executive proceedings"
of this officer of State," are, unless disavowed or
revoked by the President, proceedings of the Uni-
ted States," they become to us an all-sufficient
guide and exposition to the views of the Adminis-
tration.
In opening his official correspondence "with our
ministers at London and Paris in April of last
year, Mr. Seward, at great length and with much
perspicuity, reviews the condition of our domestic
affairs and our rights and duties in the manage-
ment of the same; and in suggestingtoMr.Adams
the proper course to be observed by him in refer-
ence to the States then and now in rebellion, and
also their agents and people, in his intercourse
with the Government to which he was accrcdited,
instructs him:
"You will indulge in no expressions of harshness or dis-
respect, or even impatience concerning the seceding States,
their agents, or their people. But you will, on the contrary,
all the while remember that those States are now, as they
always heretofore have been, and, notwithstanding their
temporary self-delusion, they must always continue to be,
equal and honored members of this Fodeia! Union, and that
their citizens, throughout all political misunderstandings
and alienations, stili are, and always must be, our kindred
and countrymen.
In the same letter, alluding to the motives which
produced the disturbed condition of our affairs, and
their groundlessness, he says:
" It may bp stated, perhaps, without giving just offense,
that the most popular motives in these discontents was an
apprehension of designs on the pan of the incoming Federal
Admimstiation hostile to the institution ofdomostic slavery
in the States where it it? tolerated by tile local constitutions
aud laws."
* * * ***#-* + *
"Even the present disunion movement is confessedly
without any better cause than an apprehension of dangers
which, from the very natuie of the Government, are im-
possible ; and speculations of .iggie&sions, which those who
know the physical and social arrangeinf nts of this continent
must see at once are fallacious and chimerical."
A few days later than the date of this letter,
after actual war had been levied against the Union,
and Fort Sumter, by all the appliances of modern
warfare, had been wrested from the possession of
its sole and lawful owners by the forces of the pre-
tended confederate States, and with the full meas-
uie of their atrocious guilt before him, and all its
possible consequences, we may fairly presume,-
carefully weighed and determined in the mind of
the statesman, we find Mr. Seward declaring to
Mr. Dayton, at Paris, the then situation of affairs,
and results to flow therefrom, in the following
language.
" I need not further elaborate the pi oposition thattherev-
olntion is without a cause ; it lias not even a pretext.
"it is ju-t as clear that it is without an object. Mora]
anil physical muses have determined inflexibly the charac-
ter of each one of the Territories over which the dispute
has ausen, and bom parties after the election harmoniously
agreed on all tile Federal laws leqnired for their oiganiza-
tion. The Territories will remain in all respects the same
whether the revolution shall succeed or shall fail. The con-
dition of slavery in the sevei.il Srates will remain just the
same whether it succeed or fail. There isiioteven a pretext
for the complaint that the disaffected States are to be con-
quered by the Onited States it the revolution tail; tor the
rights of the States, and the condition of every human bem"
in them, will remain subject to exactly the same laws and
forms ot administration, wliethci the levolutioti shall suc-
ceed Ol Whether it shall fad. In the one case, the States
would betcderally connected with the new confederacy; in
the other, they would, as now, lie members of the United
states; but their constitutions and laws, customs, liabits,
and institutions in either case will remain the same."
To my mind nothing can be clcarer than the
correctness of the principles set forth in these pa-
pers, and while appreciating, as I believe I fully
do, the enormity of the guilt which justly at-
taches to the authors of this rebellion, yet, sir, I
also cannot fail to perceive that by no acts of
theirs, at least such as they have attempted, can
they change or in any manner alter their relations
as individuals to the laws of the country, or divest
their respective States of any of their rights as
members of this Confederacy. By every theory
of out Government, as expressed by Congress and
every branch of the Administration, the people of
these insurrectionary States are still citizens as
much as ourselves of one common country, enti-
led to every right secured in the Constitution—
their States still integral parts of the Union. In
illustration of this idea, I again quote from" Mr
Seward m his letter of May 6,1861, to Mr. Clay,
our minister at St. Petersburg:
"The President will not forget, nor will he allow you to for-
