1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
to the interests of the contractors, excepting so far
as to secure competent and faithful men to exe-
cute the contract. He says:
(i I am confident that never in the history of the Govern-
ment ha\o any contracts b -'cn awarded with more single-
in'-s-s ni view to the public ititm e^t than those in question.
And it btiievcd t.iat it but seldom occuis that equally
advantageous '>ue  are scoured. Theie weiemanynnpoit-
anteou-nidation-? in deciding these matter—adequate fa-
cilities and capita), skilled labor, lapldity of execution, high
integrity," &c.
These were necessary, in order to secure to the
Government safety in the execution of this con-
tract. Now, this man Ormsby, who lias been
introduced here so often, and who seems to be at
thu bottom of all the argument introduced here,
is of such exceptionable character that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury could not for a moment enter-
tain a proposition from him, unless he intended
to hand over to the tender mercies of this doubt-
ful character this great contract for the Govern-
ment engraving, and putting the plates into the
hands of a man who might not be very vigilant
in keeping them outof the hands of counterfeiters.
Iam not at all surprised that Mr. Cisco should
say, in Ins answer, that he was amazed at the
misstatements heretofore made, when he learned
from what souice they came. 1 do not pretend
to chaige any gentleman upon this floor with in-
tentionally misconstruing anything in relation to
this contract. I acquit the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and all other
gem!em< n who have spoken upon this subject, of
any intention to misconstrue this matter, as they
spoke from the information they had. It is only
the source of the information that I attack here.
The information communicated is of a doubtful
character, and comes from a doubtful source, and
theieforc is not cntultd to influence the vote of the
House upon this appropriation, so important for
the performance of an existing contract made in
good faith by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
fifteen per cent, below the customary prices of
engraving for other parties. Mr. Cisco says:
%i I w,v amazed at the misstatements alleged to have been
mad'- l)> certain gentlemen in Countess? upon the occasion
of a debar _) on t!i>; appiopimtnm IH1, which took place yes-
teiriav. I can only aceountfoi the extiaordinaty ineoueet-
ness of soma of the assertions then made, by MippOsdngthem
to be the result of the Mauders of some mischievous, and,
perhaps, disappointed persons to me unknown "
Thcie is the secret of this whole difficulty. This
man wanted to get a contract which he was utterly
incapable of fulfilling. His doubtful characterdid
not warrant hun in getting a contract, and yet ho
is here influencing members by these doubtful and
exaggerated misstatements through the newspa-
pers to influence the action of this House..
Sir, I prefer to stand by the Secretary of the
Treasury, by Mr. Cisco, and by all the officers of
the Government who declare to you that they have
performed their duty with a single eye to the pub-
lic mterists. Shall we stnke out this appropria-
tion upon such authoiity as 1 his, mere newspaper
extracts .sent here in this doubtful manner and by
this doubtful witness, who has been introduced
here from time to time to slander the officers of the
Government? No, sir; I object to the whole of
this proceeding. 1 do not see anything upon which
to base it.
Any gentleman who will read this Document
No. 42, will see precisely how this work has been
performed, how much of it, what has been paid,
and tiie authority under which the contract was
made. 1 cannot £o into details now, but I ask
gentlemen to examine into them before they vote
to indorse this doubtful witness, and cast a cen-
sure upon, or, to use the mildest terms, question
the integrity of the officers of the Government
who have m  de this contract, and the contractors
who have peiformed the work. I know many of
the gentlemen connected with these bank note
compann s; I know them to be men of high stand-
ing and mtcgiity; I know they have the ability
to execute these contracts; and until some better
evid< nco is adduced, 1 am not prepared to censure
an officer of the Government for the execution of
this woi k. The question may be open m regard
the future opeiations of the Government, and
I shall not, at this time, attempt to indicate what
should he done. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] says that he is prepared to say
here, and lime u go upon the record, that this en-
giaving c.ui be done for fifty per cent. less. Well,
sir, I have no doubt that if a responsible company,
a company of high standing and character, who
have the skill and ability necessary to the per-
formance of a contract of this kind, will come for-
ward and make an offer to do the work on lower
terms, the Secretary of the Treasury will entertain
their proposals, and I, for one, will vindicate him
here in making a new contract. If he can make
one on better terms, I shall be as much pleased
as the gentleman from Massachusetts. I only
vindicate him now in what he has done, because
I think, at the time it was done, it was the best
contract that could be made, i take the word of
Mr. Cisco, who negotiated the contract on the
part of the Government, for that, and I am will-
ing to stand by them in that contract. But if a
new contract is to be made, let it be made on the
most advantageous terms possible. 1 shall not
object to thirt, and I trust that, for the execution
of the new work on the large amount of Treasury
notes to be issued, a new contract will be made,
on more advantageous terms, if it can be done.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to strike out this
appropriation. I trust that it will pass, i trust
that our officers will be sustained, and that before
we undertake to impeach their integrity or their
capacity, we should have a more competent wit-
ness upon whoso testimony to base our action.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. As the proviso
which the Senate have stricken out of this bill was
originally proposed by myself, I desire to say that
I had no thought of casting any imputation upon
the Secretary of the Treasury or upon the Assist-
ant TieasureratNow York. Now, sir, at the time
I made this proposition I thought I saw from the
feeling evinced by gentlemen around me, that this
appropriation would utterly fail, and that the
Treasury Department would be embarrassed, not
only in the engravingand printing of these notes,
but in issuing those already printed and m the
hands of the Societal y. I made this pi oposition,
therefore, to relieve the Depai tmcnt fiom that em-
barrassment, and to allow the issue to go on.
More than that, sir. I intended by tins proviso
to express the confidence of this House in the in-
tegrity of the Secretary of the Treasury, byleav-
mg to him the same power to make contracts that
was given to him in the net of 1861.
i also desired another thing. I desired to sus-
pend this contract, to give an opportunity to the
Secretai y of the Treasury to revise it, and to give
an oppoitunity for all the facts relative to this con-
tract to be presented to the House. And, sir, I
am glad that that opportunity has been given. I
have no doubt of the integrity of the Secretary of
the Treasury, or of Mr. Cisco, to whom was as-
signed the duty of making this contract, but I am
satisfied, from the infoimation contained in this
document which the Secietary of the Treasury
has sent here, that we are paying too much for the
woi k.
Why, sir, I find on the 9th page of that docu-
ment that the Secretary of the Treasury himself
said, on the 22d of July last, that the charges for
engraving and printing seemed very high consid-
ering the largeness of the contract. Now, sir, it
may be that the charge for printing and engraving
Treasury notes for the Government is about the
same—perhaps with fifteen per cent, discount—
that the banks ordinarily pay for infinitely smaller
jobs of work; but m any event, 1 am satisfied,
from what I find on the 1«li page of the document,
that for piiiitmg, which is the mam item of ex-
pense, the Government ts paying largely beyond
what it ought to pay. I find by the contract that
the cost for printing, engraving, and paper of the
Treasury notes is eighty dollars per thousand
sheets. I find on the 7th page that the price for
meiely printing one thousand impressions m three
colors is sixty-five dollars.
Now, 1 have had a little experience in printing
of this sort. I have had occasion more than once
to got work of this kind done, and 1 know fiom
my own experience that the men who have this
contract can do that printing for half the price
they are now charging, and make a large profit.
i hope, sir, that the proviso put in by the House i
will be insisted on, and that the Secretary of the
Treasury will still have the opportunity to revise
this contract and correct that part of it.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am notgomgto
reargue the matter which I submitted to the House
a moment ago, or to tiiethe House with aiepeti-
tion of it. 1 am content to leave upon the record,
justas I put it there, my statement. I desire, how-
ever, to correct my friend from New York, who
is troubled night and day with this witness who-
appeared before the committee of investigation-
—sometimes called the Van Wyck committee—
and who says that he traces all 1 said to him and
all these " slanders M upon the Secretary of the
Treasury and Mr. Cisco, to him. Why does my
friend persist in saying that 1 am slandering the
Secretary of the Treasury and Mr. Cisco? He
says he is going to stand by them. He cannot
stand by them any more faithfully than I do. He
cannot bear testimony to their integrity any more
sincerely than 1 do; and [ am not to be bluffed off
this thing by any such sort of talk as that. I will
relieve him, however, by telling him that not one
particle of what I stated here to the House to-day
came from that awfully wicked witness. I have
not seen him,conferred with him, heard from him,
or eared for him, in this connection. I do not
know him from Adam; I do not know him from
Eve; [laughter;] 1 do notcarcanythingabouthim.
I will tell the gentleman who my witness is. I do
not know that he is any better; but I tell him it is
myself—my own eyes and my own ears. J have
been to New York, and personally I have pos-
sessed myself of the facts 1 here state to the House
without any man's he!p,withoutanyman's knowl-
edge, without any man's attempt either to deter
or to buy me. Now, he may talk about <s slan-
ders," and he may heap his anathemas upon this
man Ormsby as much as he pleases, but 1 say to
him that it is due to Mr. Ormsby that he should
bring some scintilla of evidence here touching
Ormsby before he contents himself with justify-
ing this contract by declaring him to be unworthy
of credit. 1 have possessed myself of the facts in
that case, not dependent on any officer or on any
man engaged in engraving in New York or else-
where, but on men of my own personal acquaint-
ance in my own State—bank presidents, bank
cashieis, and others.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No.
15G) making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other woiks of defense for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1803, and additional appropri-
ations for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862,
with amendments; in which he was desired to ask
the concurrence of the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, men from my own
State, occupying high public positions, who have
had occasion to know, have voluntauly to me
borne testimony to the integrity as well as to the
skill of this man Ormsby, who is whistled down
the wind by this combination of nine corporations
in one, incorporated over and doubled, so as to
be above suspicion of want of integrity in the eyes
of any New York man. Whether he be or not
does not pertain particulaily to this contract. The
whole engraving of bank bills in this country has
not yet, thank God, come to be settled on the
American Hank Note Company. If lightning
should strike that company, if God in his provi-
dence should remove it from the face of the earth,
aie we to be without a paper cut reney? Are we
to be diivcn, m the face of my fiiend from New
York, to take gold and silver, because the Ameri-
can Bank Note Company has ceased to exist?
All this is a pretense, sir. There is nothing in
it. These men have made my honest and true
friend from New York believe what he says—and
he slates it with all that sincerity which charac-
teuzes everything he says, because he believes
everything he says; and I should have believed
it, if J had stayed heie, as he did, and attended to
the duties of myplace. But I wand<ied away,
and possessed myself of facts which 1 am willing
to put on record here. But 1 do not care to repeat
them; and I leave this matter. The. House may
vote this aai-endment of the Senate, and will do so
without me, if at all. 1 am convinced, sir, that
there is an attempt here to swindle the Govern-
ment. It comes to be a swindle, because it is a
persistent attempt to make the Government be-
lieve that this work cannot be done except at an
enormous and exi tavagant puce. Why does not
my friend employ his time a little in ascertaining
whether he can contradict any of these things
which 1 have put on the record? Why does he not
