1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2763
to wlintthcy shall already have received, as will make their
compensation the same as it was at that time,
Mr. DUNN. The bili is printed, and has been
before the House for a month or more. first
section is intended to facilitate the settlement of
controversies in relation to the issuing of patents.
Under the existing law and practice application for
a patent is first submitted to an examiner. From
his decision an appeal can be taken to the exami-
ners-in-chief, and from them to the Commissioner
of Patents, and from thence to the circuit court.
This bill was prepared under the advice of the
Commissioner of Patents. Its first section pro-
vides that instead of the board of examiners-in-
chief, being, as it were, a tribunal of itself, it shall
hereafter be merely advisory. In most cases the
Commissioner will undoubtedly be governed by
the advice of that board, but the Commissioner
should have a general authority.
It also provides that after the second Rejection of
an application, or after one decision by the Com-
missioner, in cases of interference, the party who
may be dissatisfied with such decision may ap-
peal therefrom to either of the judges of the cir-
cuit court for the District of Columbia. The ob-
ject is to prevent these repeated appeals, and give
the party interested an opportunity to test the va-
lidity of the application as speedily as possible.
The object of the second section of the bill is
to require successful applicants for patents to take
out their patents within a reasonable time after
they are granted, and pay the fees due the office.
The funds of the Department have suffered very
materially in past years in that way. I believe,
under the present law, applicants may wait two
years before they take out a patent. This amend-
ment requires a patent to be issued in six months
after the application has been favorably reported
upon; and mease of failure to do that, the applica-
tion shall become public property. The bill com-
pels applicants either to avail themselves of the
Iabors of the officers who have exammed the appli-
cation, by taking out a patent, or abandon the in-
vention to the public.
There is another section of the bill which
waives the necessity of renewing an oath in cer-
tain cases. That section covers difficuities-whieh
sometimes arise in cases where applications are
made from abroad or from distant sections of the
country.
Another section relates to the compensation of
examiners and clerks in the office, and authorizes
the Commissioner of Patents, under certain cir-
cumstances, to increase the salaries to what they
formerly were.
These, I believe, are all the main points of the
bill.
Mr. CALVERT. I hope this bill will not pass
unless it is very materially amended. In the first
place, I think experience has shown that these
examiners-m-chief are useless appendages to the
office; and I think they should be abolished alto-
gether, and thus save much to the Department.
Another very great objection to this bill is that
it provides for an increase of salaries of those
gentlemen whose salaries have been reduced. By
whom? By the Commissioner of Patents him-
self, without any law or authority. If the Com-
missioner of Patents has the power to reduce sal-
aries, I suppose he wants no additional power to
raise them. I deny that he has any power to re-
duce the salaiies of any officer under him. He
has, however, reduced them, and he now applies
for power, or tins bill gives him power, to raise
those salaries, in these words:
Sec 4 be it further enacted, That whereas the fall-
in"- offipi'lhe K-'Vcnue of the Patent Office required areduc-
liun of the compensation of tho examiners and cleiUs in
the office after the 3ist day ot' August, 1661, that the Com-
missioner of Patents be, and lie is heiWiy, authorized,
wheuevei, ul his opinion, tin* lcvenuo ol ihe olticc will
justify linn in SO doing. t« pav them such sums in addition
mwliat they shall already have leecived, as will make their
compensation the same as it was at that tune.
Now, sir. I hope that we shall be rid ofthis incum-
brance of an advisory board to the Commissioner
of Patents. The Commissioner ought to be able
to determine these questions without the aid ofau
advisory board. If he needs advice, theie are ex-
aminers enough in the office without having these
three examiners-in-chief turned over to him as an
advisoi y board. Ofcourse, they will be mere tools
of his. 1 hope and trust that the hill will not pass
in its present shane, but that it will he so amended
as to do away with the office of exammer-m-
chief, and to provide that the Commissioner shall
not be authorized to raise and lower salaries at
his discretion.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman from Maryland
thinks that this board of examiners, which was
established by the last Congress, is an unneces-
sary part of the PatentOfficeforce,and will move
to repeal the law organizing it, I will vote with
him. The Commissioner of Patents, inasmuch as
the law had been in operation for so short a time,
did not feel at liberty to recommend its repeal. I
believe, however, that it would, perhaps, be in
accordance with his views that there should be
no such board, constituted as it now is. The law
was passed at the close of the last Congress, and
the salaries of the examiners-in-chief were fixed
by the act itself, over which the Commissioner has
no control.
The House will remember that since the estab-
lishment of this department, it has been the effort
of Congress to make it, as far as possible, a self-
sustaining department of the Government. In
prosperous times I believe that it has fully sus-
tained itself. After the breaking out of the present
war, the operations of the inventors of the^coun-
try were to a great extent suspended. There
was loss interest felt in inventions than formerly,
and, moreover, one great field for the sale of
"Yankee notions," which constitute a consider-
able part of these patents, was taken from them.
Inventors could make no sales in the South. The
business of the Patent Office has thus fallen off.
From an average of $4,000 a week it fell off to
about eight hundred dollars a week; but I am
happy to say that recently the business of the
department has increased in a very encouraging
manner, and I think the time will soon come
when the Commissioner of Patents will be able
to pay the salaries as they formerly were in his
office. It was simply because he desired to reduce
the expenses of his department that the changes
referred to by the gentleman from Maryland
were made. I should be sorry to sec any altera-
tion of the bill in that respect. I believe that if
tho prosperity which now seems to be returning
to the department continues, it wilt not be many
months before the past salaries of these officers
can be paid. I do not understand exactly by
what authority of law the Commissioner of Pat-
ents has changed the compensation of parties in
his offico, but I believe that it was done by reduc-
ing the parties to a lower grade of office and assign-
ing to them duties pertaining to a higher grade. I
now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute reported by the Committee on
Patents was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Indiana to alio w me to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. t wish to move to
strike out that portion of the bill which provides
for an increase of the salaries of officers.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Objection was made.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. DUNN. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DUNN demanded tellers on the passageoi
the bill. ,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawt.s aim
Calvert were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes GO, noes 35.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed;and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOSE JI. IIAitTE.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee oil Patents,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, bill of the Senate (No. 299) tor the relief ot
Rose M. Harte, widow of Edward Harte.
The bill directs the Commissioner of Patents to
pay outofthefundof the Patent Office to Rose M-.
Harte, widow of the late Edward Harte, $274 80
in full for certain papers prepared by him,by the
direction of the Commissioner of Patents, illus-
trative of the progress of agriculture in the United
States during ten years,and also foran article enti-
tled " the Railroads of the United Statesin 1850."
Mr. DUNN. I ask for the reading of the report
of the Committee on Patents of the Senate.
The report was read.
Mr. DUNN. If the House has attended to the
reading of the report, I do not know that this bill
needs any further explanation. I will simply say,
however, that it appears that Mr. Harte, who de-
ceased in January last, leaving a widow and chil-
dren, was a clerk in the Census Bureau in 1852,
and discharged his duties as a clerk in that bureau
during the regular business hours. The Commis-
sioner of Patents, in getting up his report, wanted
certain facts in regard to the agricultural and rail-
road intents of the country, and applied to Mr.
Harte for them. Mr. Harte understood at the
time that he would be compensated for his ser-
vices. He performed them out of office hours, as
has been stated to me in a letter by the Superin-
tendent of the Census, Mr. Kennedy. The com-
mittees of the House and of the Senate have here-
tofore reported in his favor, and I believe myself
that his widow is entitled to this amount. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading1; and*it
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. DUNfj moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL FOUND13IUES, ETC.
Mr. MOOR1-IEAD, from the select committee
on national armories, reported a joint resolution
providing for the establishment of a national found-
ery east of the Alleghany mountains, and a na-
tional foundery and national armory and manu-
facturing arsenal west of that line, and in the val-
ley of the Ohio and the Mississippi.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. 'RIDDLE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he regards the south-
ern margin of the great lakes as within the valley
of the Mississippi or Ohio.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Undoubtedly it is so re-
gavded.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether there is not already
a joint resolution reported by the .select commit-
tee, or rather two joint resolutions, one reported
by the majority and the other by the minority of
the committee, in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes, sir; there is such a
resolution there, but it is not the same as this. It
contains an appropriation, but this does not.
Mr. DELANO. I would ask the gentleman
whether he considers that what is proposed to be
done by this resolution can be done without an
appropriation ? . .
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes, sir; I do. This sub-
ject has been before the House for a long time,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts has sev-
eral times given us notice that we have not used
due diligence in bringing it before the House, it
has been sufficiently ventilated, I think, by
tions and memorials presented to the House,and
referred to a select committee. That committee
held a lai"e number of meetings, examined the
subject thoroughly, and was satisfied that the
o-reat difficulty in establishing ail armory or
foundery was in reference to the points oflocation.
It therefore, I think wisely, adopted the plan of
leaving the whole matter to a commission, to hu
appointed by the President of the United States.
This joint resolution provides for a commission
of five gentlemen, citizens, to be selected by the
President of the United States, to designate the
places. . „ , „„
Mr. DELANO. 1 rise to a point of order. I he
select committee appointed on the subject ot arm-
oiies and foundenes, has heretofore made its
report. That report has been in the hands of the
House for a month, and lefened to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of tho Union, and
I submit that with the making ot that report its
