1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Policy and Object of the War—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. of Reps.
get, that he is the Magistrate of the insurrectionary, as he is
also of the loyal States, and in all his dealings concerning
the plotters, aiders, and abettors of this great conspiracy, he
will constantly remember thai the people in whose name
they act, and whose power they abuse, arestill citizens of the
Republic."
Sir, other Cabinet officers have also added then-
testimony to what I have already referred to, in
showing the policy to be pursued in the earlier
stages of this war. In August last, Mr. Secretary
Smith, in addressing a meeting of patriotic citi-
zens in Rhode Island, thus*emphatically declared:
" That this is not a war upon the institution of slavery,
but a war for the lestoration of the Union and the protec-
tion of all citizens in the South as well as the North in their
constitutional rights."
The clearness of this declaration is only equaled
by the soundness of the sentiment; and the purity
of the patriotic devotion to the Constitution is
worthy of the highest meed of praise.
On the 23d of last July, the Attorney General,
in answer to a letter from the United States mar-
shal of Kansas, inquiring whether he should assist
in the execution of the fugitive slave law, thus
writes him:
Attorney General's Office, July 23, 1861.
J. L. McDowell, U. S. Marshal, Kansas;
Your letter of the 11th July, received 19th, (under frankof
Senator Lane of Kansas,) asks advice whether you should
give your official services in the execution of the fugitive
slave law.
It is the President's constitutional duty to "take care
that the laws be faithfully executed.7' That means all the
Jaws. He has no right to discriminate, no right to execute
the laws he likes, and leave unexecuted those he dislikes.
And of course you and [, his subordinates, can have no
wider latitude ofdiscretion than he has. Missouri is a State
in the Union The insurrectionaiy disordcis in Missouri
are but individual crimes, and do not change the legal status
of the State, nor change its i ights and obi igations as a mem-
ber of the Union.
A refusal by a ministerial officer to execute any law which
properly belongs to his office, is an official misdemeanor,
of which I have not a doubt the President would take no-
tice.
Very respectfully, EDWARD BATES.
In addition to the declaration of the President in
his inaugural address, and from which I have here-
tofore quoted, as indicating his opinion at that time
of the rights not only of States, but of individuals
in the possession of their property, secured to
them by the local law, I call the attention of the
House and the country to his message to this Con-
gress at the special session in July last, as also to
the one delivered to us at the commencement of
the present session. Upon your assembling, in
pursuance to the call of the Executive last sum-
mer, while the capital of the nation was a belea-
guered city, when war had raised its " hideous
"front" throughout the land, and armies had met
in conflict upon the field of battle, the President,
in his first message to a Congress called to devise
measures for the protection of the country and the
perpetuation of the Union, among other things
said;
kC Lest there be some uneasiness in the minds of candid
men as to what is to be the coui^e of the Government towaids
the southern States after the rebellion shall have been sup-
pressed, the Executive deems it proper to say it will be his
purpose then, as ever, to be guided by the Constitution and
the law ; and that he will probably have no different un-
derstanding of the powers and duties of the Fedeial Gov-
ernment lelativcly to the lights of the States and the people,
under the Constitution, than that expressed in the inaugural
address."
When, after the lapse of several months, you
again met in these Halls in accordance,with the re-
quirements of the Constitution, the condition of
affairs, so far as the war was concerned, remained
the same. National armies had been met in the
field by insurgent forces, and amidst the .shock of
battle thousands of patriots had rendered the last
act of devotion to their country which patriotism
could demand or love of country inspire. Lyon
and Baker had tasted the bitterness of death that
their country might live. With these facts of rec-
ord on the page of history, the President, in his
message to us, says:
"The war continues. In considering the policy to be
adopted for suppressing the insurrection, I have been anx-
ious and careful that the inevitable conflict fortius purpose
shall not degenerate into a violent and lemorseless revolu-
tionarr struralc. I have, therefore, in oveiy case, thought
_~ u...„ i!.„ ^1'tlio rTninn nrontinfilltilrf the
tions which
deliberate action of the Legislature." ,
" We should not be in hu^te todetemune that i ad teal and
extreme measures, which may roach the loyal as well as the
disloyal, are indispensable. 4J .
"The inaugural address at the beginning of the Admin-
istration, and the message to Congress at the late special
session, were both mainly devoted to the domestic contro-
versy out of which the Insurrection and consequent war
have spiung. Nothing now occuis to add or snbstract to or
from the principles or general purposes stated and expressed
m those documents,"
If, in the opinion of the President, nothing up
to that time had occurred to change or alter his
views of the " principles or general purposes"
which he had expressed in regard to the condition
of the country, or the progress or treatment of this
rebellion, I may well be pardoned for inquiring,
what has occurred since to cause a change of view
or alteration of plan; if, as stated by him on the
4th of March, when installed into his groat office,
he had " no purpose or intention to interfere with
the institution of slavery in the States where it
exists," and believed " in the right of each State
to order and control its domestic institutions ac-
cording to its own judgment exclusively, as a thing
essential to the balance of power, upon which the
perfection and endurance of our political fabric
depend;" and when communicating to us last De-
cember his views of the then state of the nation,
now so much in his keeping, he could reindorse
theseproposi tions as containing sentiments requir-
ing nothing to be added to or substracted from;
whence, then, arises the necessity for any depart-
ure from the plans so clearly laid down and ex-
pressed for the suppression of the rebellion, and
the bringing to justice of those who to-day stnnd
as they then stood, arrayed in hostile attitude to
the Government?
Has our measure of success been so scant since
we met here, in following that plan, as to demand
a change? Have our armies in the field achieved so
few triumphs during the last six months as to cause
the heart to faint and grow weary with hope de-
ferred i Has the (lag of the rebellion been sup-
planted in so few places by the banner of the stars
as to induce the belief that never again shall we see
it wave over a whole country, the emblem of an
undivided nation's sovereignty?
Let the condition of Missouri, Kentucky, Ar-
kansas, and Tennessee, to-day answer. From the
intrenchments of Henry and Donclson does there
come no note of encouragement, no word of cheer
in this hour of extremity? Have the thousands
of the gallant sons of the Northwest, whose bones
lie molderiug at Pea Ridge and iShiloh, died in
vain ? Have thcir sacrifices been attended wilh no
result? Does the fact that a major general of your
Army is to-day issuing his orders from the queen
city of the South give no assurance of returning
sway to your laws? Does the recent order of
the President opening several ports on our lately
blockaded coast to the peaceful and lawful com-
merce of the world indicate no substantial advant-
ages secured ? Does the transfer of the great army
which for months has threatened your capital to
the defense of its own from your advancing hosts,
and the uninterrupted control of the bcautilul river
where so lately upon its banks hostile batteries
poured their fire upon your armed ns well as de-
fenseless marine, give no sense of relief to an anx-
ious and loyal people?
X turn from this branch of my subject, Mr.
Chairman, so full of suggestive thought, to an-
other Department of the Government, which has
almost wholly engrossed the attention of the na-
tion—I mean the War Department, and the oper-
ations of our commando is in the field—to see what
we find there as illustrating the object and pur-
poses for which the energies of the country more
particularly under its control have been enlisted
and engaged.
In writing to General Butler at Annapolis, who
had solicited some instructions from the Depart-
ment, Mr. Cameron, on the 8th of August last,
says:
" Tt ii the desire of the President that all existing rights
ill all the States be fully respected and maintained. The
war now pnwcutrdnn the partol'lhc Fedeial Government
is a uur for the Union, for the prosecution of all the con-
stitutional rights of the states and the citizens 01 the State;*
in the Union." *******
" You will, however, neither authorize nor peumt any
interfeience by the troops under your command with ser-
vants of puaeuable citizen* in a house or field ; nor will you
in any measure encourage r-uch servants to leave tiie law-
ful service of their master*; noi will you, except in cases
where the public good may seem to reqimc n,ptevenuhe
voluntary return of any fugitive to the soivice iroin which
he may have escaped."
In the various military departments into which
the country was divided, upon assuming the com-
mand delegated to them, and in accordance, we
ctre authorized to believe, with the policy and com-
municated views of the Administration, we find
distinguished military leaders announcing to the
people among whom they came, to direct the
armies in trusted to their direction, the policy which
would control and govern their action. The sen-
timents of these addresses to which I shall refer,
are entirely in accordance with the principles of
constitutional law, and speak the language of
patriots, earnestly seeking the restoration of tho
Union through the maintenance inviolate of the
Constitution.
From his headquarters, on the 26th day ofMay,
1861, the young general of the West, whotO'day
possesses so large a share of the confidence of this
Hottse, as he ever has that of his patriotic coun-
trymen, thus addressed the Union men of West-
ern Virginia, among whom, at the head of a gal-
lant army, he was going to carry that flag he has
since borne with so much distinction to himself
and honor to the nation it represents:
" The Geneial Government cannot close its ear to the de-
mands you have made for assistance. I have ordered troops
to cross the liver. They come as your friends and your
biothcis—as enemies only to the armed rebels who aie
preying upon you. Your laws, your families, and your
propeity are safe under our piotection. All yourrights shall
be religiously rcspected. Notwithstanding all that has been
said by the traitois to induce you to believe that our ad-
vent among you will be signalized bv interference with
your slaves, understand one thing clearly: not only will wc
abstain from all such interfeience, but we will, on the con-
trary, with an iron hand, crush any attempt at insurrection
on their pait."
From his headquarters, at Chambersburg,on the
3d of June last, General Patterson thus, to the like
purport, instructed the troops of the United States
under his command in the department of Penn-
sylvania, whom he was about to lead to the field,
as to the object for which their efforts were to be
put forth:
"You aic going on Ainciiean soil to sustain the civil
power, to relieve the oppressed, to jetakc that which is un-
lawfully held. You must heai In mind you are going for
tho good of the whole country, and that, while it is your
duty to punish sedition, you mu->t piotecttho loyal, and,
should the occasion oftei, at oncc suppress servile insimcc-
tiun."
Even when landing upon the soil of the State
of South Carolina, to whom will ever belong the
infamy of inaugurating this fearful strife, and
whose people, if any, are to be peculiarly the suf-
ferers aboveothers—a righteous retribution would
award to them afull and complete measure of pun-
ishment—General Sherman could proclaim as his
course that—
" In obedience to the oiders of the President of the Uni-
ted States of America,f have landed upon your shores with
.iMnall force of national troops. The dictates of" a duty
which, under these. elieums.ianeei, I owe to a great sover-
eign State, and to a proud and hospitable people, among
whom Tliave passed .some of the plea>ante->tdaysof my life,
piompt mo to proclaim that wo have come among you with
no feelings of per.-onal aimnoMty, no desire to harm jour
citizens, dotroy yout propeity, ot interfere with any of your
lawful rights, or your social oi local institutions, beyond
what the causes herein alluded to may rend or unavoidable "
If " lawful rights and social or local institu-
tions" can receive no harm fiom the army of
the Union, fighting against treason in the State
of South Carolina, it is surely not too much to
expect with confidence that the same measure of
immunity from interference will be extended to
ail sections of the country m which the valor of
our troops shall reestablish the national suprcm-
acy.
About to enter the counties of Accomac and
Northampton, in "Virginia, at the head of his com-
mand, on the 13thof November last, General Dix
addressed tho people of those counties as to the
object of his coming;and in order to quiet appre-
hensions as to the probable course he would pur-
sue, and give assurance of his respect for lawful
and constitutional rights, he informed them that—
a The military forces of the United States ate about to
enter your counties as part of the Union. They will go
amonpr you as friends*, and with the earnest hope that they
may not by your own acts be foiced to become your ene-
mies. They will invade no lights of persons or propeity;
on the conttary, your laws, your mslUutions, }iOur linages,
will be scrupulously respected. Theicnctd be no fears that
the quietude of any fireside will be disturbed, unless the
distuibance is caused by yourselves tspecial directions
have been g.veu not to interfere with the condition oi any
person held to domestic service; and in ordei that theie
may be no ground for mistake or pretext for misrepresent-
, tion, commanders of regiments and corps have been m-
