THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
functions were exhausted, and that it is not in
order now for the chairman of that committee to
make another and a different report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,]
whether this subject has beep referred to the se-
lect committee since the report was made?
Mr. MOORHEAD. There have been petitions
referred since that.
The SPEAKER. This is a question of fact.
If, in open House, anything has been referred to
the select committee since its report was made,
that revives it. If not, the making of the report
discharges the committee.
- Mr. MOOKHEAD. There has been.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks when? Ref-
erence of petitions under the rules is not sufficient
to revive a select committee. It is a simple ques-
tion of fact. The Chair desires to know whether,
in open House, anything has been referred to the
select committee on this subject, since it made its
report.
Mr. MOORHEAD. There have been peti-
tions presented and referred since then.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not know whether
under the rules or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must sustain the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, unless assurance be given that any-
thing has been referred to the committee in open
House since the report was made.
■Mr. MOORHEAD. I know that delegations
have been heard by the committee informally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Before the Chair decides,
I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Trimble]
whether he has not had some petitions referred to
the selectcotemittee since the report was made to
the House?
Mr. TRIMBLE. Some petitions have been
referred by me.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The difficulty about the
decision of the Chair is this: if the rules provide
for petitions being- referred in a particular way, 1
think that their going in the channel directed by
the House ousrht not to preclude a committee.
The SPEAKER. That i3 the gentleman's con-
struction of the rule, not the Chair's. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I must express my aston-
ishment that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who appeared so anxious to have the question
brought before the House, should raise a point of
this kind.
Mr. DELANO. I am very glad the gentleman
has made that suggestion.
The SPEAKER. This debate is not in order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If I understand
the l'filing of the Chair, it is probably right, and I
do not want to find fault with it. 1 did present,
in open House, resolutions of our convention in
reference to the subject, and had them referred.
The SPEAKER. Smcethe committee reported?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Chair will
wait one moment. I am not now prepared to say
whether it was before or since. My impression
is that it was since, but I will not state it so, be-
cause I do not recollect. I ask the Chair not to
decide the question until I can look at the facts.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there is no appeal,
the decision of the Chair will stand, on present
information.
Mr. MOORHEAD. What farther information
docs the Chair require?
The SPEAKER. According to all the informa-
tion that the Chair has, nothing has since been
referred, except under the rules. The Chair can-
not debate the question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Well, I suppose there is
an appeal from the decision of the Chair. I would
be sorry to take an appeal if I did not think it an
improper decision, while the Chair is satisfied that
petitions have been presented and referred in the
manner ordered by the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moorhead] reports from the select
committee on national armories a joint resolution.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Delano]
raises tile point of order that the select committee,
having once reported on this subject, was thereby
discharged. The Chair sustains the point of order
on the information which it has, namely: that
nothing has since been referred to the committee
in open House, and that a reference, under the
rules, is not sufficient to revive the committee.
From that decision the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania appeals. The question is, "Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. ELIOT. The select committee on confis-
cation has been directed to report back, as a sub-
stitute, the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Porter.] In accordance with
the instructions of the House, I am directed by
that committee to report bark the bill which they
were instructed to report—with several amend-
ments. These amendments, I wish to say are in
accordance with the judgment of the friends of the
bill and of my friena from Indiana. The amend-
ments do not enlarge at all the classes affected by
the bill, but simplify it in its operation. I report
it in the form of a substitute.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts 
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a point of order.
This committee was directed by a vote of the
House to do one single thing. That was, to strike
out the original bill, and to report what the House
decided should be its substitute. I deny that the
committee has a right to report anything else as
an amendment to that substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Massachusetts as reporting from
the select committee what the gentleman from
Kentucky states, and then as proposing amend-
ments.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understood him to say-
that he reported amendments with the substitute.
He may offer amendments after the substitute
comes into the possession of the House;but I deny
his right to report any amendments.
The SPEAKER. The committee was directed
to report back a certain bill with a substitute, which
it reports back. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, while on the floor, proposes to amend the
substitute. The Chair decides that that can be
done.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The question is if he can
make it as a part of the report. He may offer
amendments, but cannot report them. That is the
objection I make.
Mr. MALLORY. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to say whether he did not
state that he reported these amendments by order
of a majority of the committee, and that these
amendments met with the approbation of the
friends of the bill on this floor ? That I understood
to be the language of the gentleman.
Mr. ELIOT. The whole is reported as a sub-
stitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
points of order raised by both gentlemen, [Messrs.
Wickliffe and Mallory.] If the committee re-
ports back what it was directed by the House to
report back, the Chair sees no objection to the
committee also reporting an amendment to it.
Mr. ELIOT. That isjust what I have done.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. This is a ques-
tion of the report of the committee, and whether
the committee has complied with the order of the
House.
The point was made by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe.] The Chair over-
ruled the point of order. From that decision, in
order to say a word, I take an appeal. In my
opinion, it does not relate to the priority of busi-
ness, but that it i-elates to a matter of fact, which
is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Missouri is right.
Mr. ELIOT. I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is upon the floor. Before he proceeds, how-
ever, the Chair will state the question as he now
understands it. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, from the select committee on the confiscation
of rebel property, reports back the bill referred to
them,and the substitute directed by resolution of
the House. He then reported an amendment to
that substitute. The point of orde'r is that he could
not report the amendment. The Chair overrules
the question of order, and the gentleman from
Missouri takes an appeal from the decision of the
Chaij*
Mn PHELPS, of Missouri. I differ with the
Chair in reference to this matter. I do not deny
the right of the gentleman from Massachusetts, as
an individual member of the House, to submit the
amendments which he proposes; but I deny that
he by authority of the committee, or that the com-
mittee has the right to report any other matter than
the bill and substitute referred to them. In this
connection, I ask that the order of the House re-
ferring the bill back to the committee may be read,
so that we may understand precisely where we are.
The SPEAKER. The order entered upon the
Journal was, that the bill be recommitted to the
committee, with instructions to report back the
following substitute.
Mr. Pi&ELPS, of Missouri, Which was the
substitute proposed by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Porter.]
The SPEAKER. To report back the substi-
tute proposed by the gentleman from Indiana was
the instructions sent to the committee.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
order may be read as it was entered on the Jour-
nal.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has sent out for
the Journal.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In connection
with this matter, I desire to present to the House
the fact that when the committee had reported the
bills presented by them on the subjects of confis-
cation and emancipation, it ceased to exist as a
select committee of the House until revived sub-
sequently by action of the House. The Speaker
has this morning so decided on the question of
order raised by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Delano,] that the report proposed to be pre-
sented by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Moorhead] could not be received, for the reason
that when the select comuyttee had once reported
upon the subject-matter referred to them, the com-
mittee itself ceased to exist, and could only be re-
vived by the action of the House.
Now, sir, this committee on confiscation might
have been revived generally with general jurisdic-
tion over the subject-matter originally committed
to them. But the House did not revive the com-
mittee with general jurisdiction. The committee
was merely made the organ of the House to bring
before it the bill formerly reported by the com-
mittee with the substitute proposed by the gen-
tlemen from Indiana, and under which mandate
the committee was revived and directed to report
that bill with the amendment, and no other—noth-
ing else.
TheSPEAKER. The Clerk will now read the
order, entered on the Journal, to which the gentle-
man refers.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Mr. I'orter moved that the bill be recommitted to the
seleetcoimrnttee on the confiscation of the property ofreb-
e]s, witii instructions to report the same with tiie following
amendment, in the nature of a substitute theiefor."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. So that original
bill was recommitted to the committee, and that
recommitment revived the select committee, but
the only authority the committee had, and the
only duty it had to perform, was to execute the
order, and nothing else. That order was to report
the original emancipation bill, which was House
bill No. 472, together with an amendment, in the
nature of a substitute, proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana. I therefore contend, Mr. Speaker,
that this committee has no right and no authority
to submit any other amend men t as emanating from
the committee itself. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the right, if he desires, to submit
an amendment as an individual, but that is an-
other matter.
I do not desire to detain the House; but, sir,
here is a precedent about to be established. I
think if the decision of the Speaker is adhered to,
it is in violation of the decision made and not ob-
jected to in the House not ten minutes ago, in the
case of the report sought to be presented by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead.}
Mr. COLFAX. I concur m the main in the
remarks of the gentleman from Missouri. I do
not know what these amendments are, but I hold
myself bound in good faith to my colleague, [Mr.
Porter,] and to the majority of the House which
