782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
tell the House that the Government, if he knows
the tact, possesses itself of the dies with which
the plates are printed, so that the notes cannot be
counterfeited? Why does he not tell the House
that the very dies with which our treasury notes
are printed are not employed in making the treas-
ury notes of the confederate States? Why does
he not tell the House that this company is now
engaged in buying up the only company which
can compete, and then representing it as a bogus
opposition ? No; my friend contents himself with
accusing me of being led here by a witness whom
he dislikes, whom I have not seen, whom I do not
know, and about whom I care nothing. I do not
recollect now that I over saw him.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Mr. Speaker, when this
matter was up before in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I intended to say
a few words upon this proposition, but I did not
get an opportunity to do so. Let us see what is
the issue before the House. The House proviso
is, that no part of the appropriation shall be used
in payment or liquidation of any sum due on any
existing contract for engraving or printing bonds
and notes. This proviso the House inserted in
the bill, and the amendment of the Senate is to
strike it out. Now the question isnot, whether in
contracts hereafter to be made better terms might
not be obtained than have been obtained in the
contract which is here provided to be paid for.
That is not the question; and therefore the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
this engraving could be done much more cheaply
by other companies, has no relation whatever to
the question.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has ad-
dressed to this House the bostargument yet made
by any one in favor of the fulfillment of the tei ms
of this contract. What is it? H1 says that Mr.
Chase is without fault, that Mr. Cisco is without
fault,and that there is no fraud on the part of any
Government official growing out of the execution
of this contract. Now, if that bo so, on what
principle of ethics or law can you repudiate a con-
tract where there is no fraud on the part of the
Government agents who executed it, or on the
other side.
A Member. The fraud was on the part of the
contractors.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Not on the part of the
contractors, for your famous witness docs not,
and all the testimony which the Van Wyclc com-
mittee has got up does not, implicate at all this
American Bank Note Company. Your witness
says that he was prevented from putting m some
bid; but that fact is not traced home to" the per-
sons who entered into this contract. Not at all.
[ want to know if this House will set aside a
contract made by officers of the Government, in
regard to which there is no fraud eithorexpressed
or implied, on the mere mad-dog ery that some-
body may have committed a fraud? That is the
issue, and the only issue here.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me 
Mr. HUTCHINS. X prefer not to he inter-
rupted. I thank that investigating committee for
many things that it has brought to light. I think
it has done the country service. But it seems to
me that its members are getting so very keen on
the scent of fraud that they scent it afar off. In
going through the various Departments of the
Government, they have found so much fraud that
they really seem to discover fraud where there is
none. Now, so far as the Government was con-
cerned, it is not shown that there was any fraud
in the execution of this contract, and I cannot see
why it should be repudiated. It can only be re-
pudiated on the ground that there is a fraud some-
where. Even supposing that this man Ormsby
had not an opportunity to malrb his bid, it was
not the fault of the men who entered into the
contract. I will go as far as the gentleman from
Massachusetts in protecting the Troasiuy from
all frauds that may be attempted to be committed
upon it, but I do not think that there is any evi-
dence which should justify us in repudiating the
contract made by our faithful Government offi-
U Mr. STEVENS. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to try to
put an end to this long discussion. I do it with the
more pleasure as I see that the Secretary of the
Treasury and all the officials areso ably vindicated,
so thoroughly indorsed, by all the gentlemen who
have spoken. It has been a little gratifying to hear
all the phases of approbation which greets them
everywhere, from the candid defense of my friend
from New Yoik, [Mr. Spaulding,] which was
not quite so ardent, down to that other ardent lov-
ing embrace which we read of—statesmen taking
men by the beard and kissing them most devoutly,
and saying, "Art thou in health, my brother?"
[Laugfiter.] I move the previous question on the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. On the pending amendment,
or on all the amendments?
Mr. STEVENS. On all the amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on calling the previous question on all the
amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. We have had them all dis-
cussed hero once before.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 appeal to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means notto preventmy
offering an amendment which has been submitted
to his committee and acquiesced m.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion altogether, as I understand there will be no
more speaking on this particular amendment.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. HICKMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays G7; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Ashley, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair,
ftnrnlmm, Campbell, Chambeilm, Claik, Colfax, Corning,
Orklield, Davi«} Divcn, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Fianchot,
Granger, Haight, Hale, llanchett. Iloopei, Hoiton, llutch-
nis, Julian. Kelley, Lraiy, Lovojoy, McKmght, Mavnaid,
An- on l1. Mori ill, J u«tin S. Morrill, Noel), Ohn, Pom«'rov,
l'ortri, Aloxamlri II. llico. Kiddle, ,Sedgwick,' Sheffield,
Shoiman, Spaulriinc, Stevens, Stiation, Tiowbudce, Van
i Hoin, Van VaUvcnbniiih. Voircc, Wall, Waul, Wcbstci,
Wimloui, and Wood mlV—5*3
NAYS— Me sr*. Alihieh, Alley, Aneona, Joseph Baily,
Baker, ileaman, Francis P. LJlair, Jacob U. Blair, Blake,
Ucoigo II. Browne, William G. Blown, Buffinloti, Fred
eiu'k A. Conkling, Conway, Cox, Ciavrns, Cnttenden,
Cutlei, I)a\ve>, Dimlap, Edgciton, Ely, l<\ atou, Goodwin,
Glide!, Gmley, (larding, lIatriM>n, Hickman, dolman,
Johnson, William Kellogg, ICn.ipp, Law, Lehman, Mc-
Phor-on, Mallory, Man-ton, Ma) ,Menzto. Mitchell, Moor-
head, Monis, Noble, Noiton, Patton, Pendlelon, l'nee,
John II. Itiee, Richaidson. Ilobin-MHi, Edw.ud II. Rolling
James S. Rollins, Shank-, Shellabaiger. Shiel, Sloan,
Smith, John B. Steele, Francis Thomas Tiam, Upton,
Wallace, Chailcs W. Walton, E, P. Walton, Wheelei,
Wiekliffe, Wilson, and Wood—67.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the call of the roil,
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr. Cooper was
necessarily absent from the House.
Seventeenth amendment:
Pas'1 11, at the end of line two hundred and forty-three,
inseit as follows*:
For support, rare, and medical treatment oi forty tran-
sient pan pets, medical and surgical patient^, in some proper
medical institution withe city of Washington, to be selected
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings, $6,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding to it as follows:
To'upply adeficienej in the«'.\p'*ndituiciof'W. S. Wood,
late Commissioner of Public Building-., /8.
It is necessary to say, in explanation of that
amendment, that we have various letters from the
Department, and among others one from Mr.
Whittlesey, FirstComptroller of the Treasury, in
which we find a recommendation for an appropri-
ation to cover this small sum remaining unpaid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania what the appropria-
tion is for; what is the work done which this is
to cover?
Mr. STEVENS. I send the following letters
to be read by the Clerk, which will explain the
whole matter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Fe'oruau/ 3, lb?62.
Sir: T inclose hciewith a copj of a lottci fioin the Fii->t
Comptroller of the Treasury, showing that William S.
Wood, late Commissioner ot Public Buildings, expended
the sum of $150 lor coal and firemen to warm the Library
ol Congreti-s, and the mm of £784 78 foi "repairs of the
Capitol water-closets, Sc.,'' beyond the appropriations
made tor those olijecb.
Mr. Wood mfoitiib mc that the incica-ied expendituics
were icndered unee^aty by the occupation of the Capitol
by volunteer troops during the past summer.
"Mr. Wood's accounts are yet unsettled, and the account-
ing officer of the Treajuiy cannot credit liira with these
expenditures without the sanction of Congress.
I therefore respectfully submit for your consideration
whether it would not be proper for Congress to authorize a
credit for that amount.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH, Secretary.
IIon. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, January 30,1862.
At the request of W. S. Wood. Esq., late Commissioner
of Public Buildings, I have to inform you that, in pioceed-
ing to settle his accounts, it is found that he has expended
the following sums beyond the appropriations, viz:
Under Hist bond—
For coal and firemen for furnaces to warm Library of Con-
gress $100 00
Under his second bond, for do  50 00
Also under hts sccond bond—
For annual repaid of Capitol water-closet^ &c... 784 78
Veiy respectfully,
EL [SUA WHITTLESEY, Comptroller.
Hon. C. B. Smith, Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was concurred m.
Eighteenth amendment:
Page 11, line nine, strike out as follows:
Pioiidetl, That no part of thisappiopriation shall be used
in payment or liquidation of any sum due on any existing
contract lor engraving or printing bonds or notes.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The same question recurs
again on what has already been before us. I de-
sire, however, to ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania one question, which I believe was not
made clear during the debate upon the other amend-
ment. 1 ask him whether the charge made was
not of censure upon the Secretary of the Treasury
or upon Mr. Cisco, but that a combination had
been entered into by certain persons or companies
to prevent a fair competition in the letting of this
work.
Mi. STEVENS. I will say that although the
Committee of Ways and Means recommended a
concurrence in this amendment, it is a small mat-
ter, and has been condemned by the House. It
is not intended that these men shall be paid. It
is not intended that the faith of the Government
shall be kept, and I therefore see no necessity of
taking up more time with further discussion.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. NOBLE. Is it in order to add a new para-
graph here ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate has been non-concuned in.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to insert the following:
Jiwl provided farther, That no pait of said sum shall be
expended in payment of commission to sub-icnptlon agents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
amendment of the Senate has been rejected, so that
there is nothing to which to attach the gentleman's
amendment. If that were not the fact, however,
the. Chair would be compelled to rule the amend-
ment out of order, on the ground of irrelevancy.
There is nothing in the amendment of the Senate
in reference to " subscription agents."
Nineteenth amendment:
Page 12, at the end of line thirty-one, insert as follows:
For a deficiency on account ot papeurigand painting the
President's Ilou.-e in the autumn of 1861, $1-1,500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania how this deficiency oc-
curs? I think we need a little light on the subject;
and the same remark will apply to the twentieth
amendment, immediately following. I wish to
know whether theappropnation of^0,000, which
has been, if I am not mistaken, heretofore made
for furniture and repairs of the President's House
is all expended, and there is this deficiency, and
if so, whnt that deficiency is?
Mr. STEVENS Congress, at the end of every
Administration, has been in the habit of appropri-
ating §20,000 for refitting the President's House
for the incoming President. It has, however, been
very often exceeded. It was in the last Adminis-
tration, I remember; and it was made up by an ap-
propriation of §8,000, as a deficiency, afterwards.
This Congress, when the present Executive came
in, made a similar appropriation for this pur-
pose of §20,000 But in the couise of furnishing,
repairing, refitting, painting, papering, &c., the
amount has been exceeded by the amount which
has here been named. The money has been already
expended, and the deficiency has to be paid m
some way. The Senate thought it ought to be
paid, and inserted the appropriation here. The
