284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 5,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Policy and Object of the War—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. oi? Reps.
etructed not to permit any such persons to come within
their lines." '
The military operations of the last few months
wc full of illustrations of similar intent and pur-
pose. After the occupation pf Roanoke Island
by our troops on the 18th of February last, and
after the defeat and dispersion of the rebel force
by the efforts of our Army and Navy then en-
gaged, and in view of the broad field thereby open
to the entrance of the Union arms and the res-
toration of the authority of the nation, those two
accomplished officers, who, to-day, stand so de-
servedly high in the estimation of the whole peo-
ple—General Burnsidc and Commodore Golds-
borough—thus jointly addressed the people ofthe
State of Northf Carolina, from the scene of their
late victory:
" The mission of our joint expedition is not to invade
any of your rights, but to assert the authority of the United
States, and to close with you the desolating war now bt ought
upon your State by comparatively a few bad men in your
midst." ********
They impose upon your credulity by telling you of
wicked and diabolical intentions on our part; of a desire
to destroy your freedom, demolish your propeity, liberate
your slaves, injure your women, and such like enormities ;
ail of which, we assure you, is not only ridiculous, but ut-
terly and willfully false." *****
"These men are your worst enemies. They, in truth, have
drawn you into your present condition, and are the real dis-
turbers of your peace and the happiness of your firesides.
We invite you in the name of the Constitution, and in that
of virtuous loyalty and civilization, to separate yourselves at
oace from these malign influences, to return to your alle-
giance, and not compel us to resort further to the forces un-
der our control. The Government asks only that its au-
thority may be recognized ; and we repeat, in no manner
or way does it desire to interfere with your laws constitu-
tionally established, your m&titutions ol any kind whatever,
your property of any sort, or your usages in any icspcct.35
But one other quotation, Mr. Chairman, and I
have finished the evidcncc I intend to cite, drawn
from the declarations of our commanders in the field
to the people they were seeking to bring again into
the fold ofthe Union. On the 23d of February last,
within a very few days after the brilliant and de-
cisive conflicts which gave to us the forts on the
Tennessee and Cumberland rivers, and in which
the brave and noble troops of my own State bore
so large a part, and proved their ability to main-
tain the reputation of her sons, as "the bravest of
the brave," whether striking at foreign enemies
or struggling with domestic foes, and when sur-
veying the work which still lay before his army,
General Halleck, from the " headquarters of the
department of the Missouri/' made an appeal to
his troops, from which I quote the following, as
eminently worthy the indorsement of every pa-
triot in the land:
"The majorgeneral commanding the department desires
to impress upon all oft'icera the impoitance of preserving
good ord<-r and discipline among their troop*, as the armies
of the West advancc into Tennessee and the southern
State*,"
" Let us show to our fellow-citizens in those States that
we come meiely to crush out rebellion and restore to tbem
peace and the benefits of the Constitution and the Union,
of which they have been deprived by selfish and unprin-
cipled loaders.
u They have been told that we come to oppress and plun-
der. By our acts we will undeceive them; we will prove
to them that we came to restore, not to violate, the Consti-
tution and the laws.
" In restoring to them the glorious flag of the Union we
will assure them Hint they shall enjoy under its folds the
same protection of life and property asm foimer days. Sol-
diers I let no exccss on your pait'tainisli the glory of our
aim*.
" The orders heretofore issued in this department in re-
gard to pillaging and marauding, the destruction of private
property, and the stealing or concealment of slaves, must
be strictly enforced.
It does not belong to the military to decide upon rela-
tion of master and slave. Such questions must be settled
bv the civil comts. No fugitive slave will iherefoie be ad-
mitted within our lines or cainp3, except when specially
oidered by the gcneial commanding."
JMi\ Chairman, I have cited these extracts from
these various proclamations as showing the policy
which was to be adopted in carrying on this war,
and the reasons which appealed to the patriotism
of every loyal son of the country to come forward
and give it the support of his arm in the field; nor
was their effect otherwise than great. Coming
from those who had been selected by the Com-
mander-in-Chief for their supposed fitness and
ability to peiform the work committed to them,
they partook of the nature of their appointment,
and in them the nation read the declared wMland
purpose of the Executive. In my own State I
know full well what effect has been produced there
by such sentiments as are contained in these proc-
lamations. Thousands of men whose bravery has
been proved on the severest fought fields in this
war, and whose loyalty to the country i3 as un-
questioned as has ever been their opposition to the
political tenets of the party in power, came for-
ward at the first call upon their State for the ser-
vices of her sons.
They came not halting on the way, nor shrink-
ing from danger when the battle raged around
them. The cause for which they bared their
breasts to the pitiless storm of war, as they under-
stood it, was one for which, in the quiet avocations
of humble but patriotic life they had ever con-
tended. Never achieving political success by an
alliance with or aid of traitors, they had no wish
so dear as to see the overthrow of treason. Guilt-
less of assaults upon or infractions of the Con-
stitution in the past, they were ready and willing
to strike with arms foritspresentdefense,asthey
had ever done by their ballots. Never regarding
it as other than a covenant with brothers, and the
bond of that Union which they had ever "accus-
tomed themselves to think and speak of as the
palladium of their political safety and prosperity,"
they considered no personal sacrifice too great if
it served to transmit unimpaired the same inherit-
ance to their children.
I need attempt no eulogy upon these men; their
deeds are part of the history of the country. The
vacant places by the firesides of many homes will
to bruised hearts ever prove the keenest sorrow,
and the mound which rises above their heads will
ever mat k to those hearts the grave of buried joys.
The authentic character which attached to these
proclamations, in the opinion of the people, was
very much heightened and their weight increased
by the action of the President in September last;
when, upon a memorable occasion, a general of
his own creation, and intrusted to the command
of a very important military department, in pur-
suance of a preconccived intention on his part to
do away " with the red tape of the Washington
people, ' and inflated with the sublime importance
of being " at the head of the people in the field,"
determined to step beyond the well-defined limits
ofthe law which had been enacted in these Halls
only afew weeks before,and give to his own fanat-
ical ideas the effect which is only produced by
being "prescribed by the supreme power ofthe
State," The President, in view of the dangerous
results likely to proceed from so flagrant a viola-
tion of law, on the 3d of September, in a letter
which lie deemed of sufficient importance to jus-
tify its transmission by a special messenger, very
delicately suggests to his exalted subordinate the
anxiety his proclamation had given him, and re-
quests that he will, " as of his own motion," so
modify part of his proclamation as to make it con-
form to the legislation of Congress upon that sub-
ject. The prompt action of the President, thus
repudiating the policy indicated by General Fre-
mont as the one which would govern in the de-
partment of the West, and which was directly
and entirely at variance with that promulged in all
the others I have cited, and, contrary to the one
adopted by Congress, gave the country reason to
believe, as it did believe, that those which had re-
ceived at least the silent approval of the Admin-
istration and remained unqualified or openly dis-
sented from, spoke its views and reflected its
opinions.
Not alone in this instance, Mr. Chairman, has
the President set aside or modified the action of
his subordinates when in violation of the princi-
ples as stated and set out in these documents.
Although not shown by the official records of
the country, yet the fact is well known to all, and
has been the subject of eulogy upon this floor by
gentlemen of distinguished position and occu-
pying the station of leaders of their party here,
that the late Secretary of War, whose instructions
to a general of the Army 1 have referred to, and
which met the sanction of the Executive, in his
annual report to the Chief Magistrate of the con-
dition of matters in his Department, feeling the
imperative necessity of retrieving his somewhat
impaired hold upon the confidence of the country
in his official purity by some bold stroke, in the
admiration of which past misdeeds would be ob-
scured by the new halo of glory, went so far in
that document as to suggest and enforce, with
much specious reasoning, a clear and wide depart-
ure from the recognized policy of the Administra-
tion in the treatment of a particular class of per-
sons, and to recommend their entire emancipation
from the authority of their masters; and further,
to urge that—
" If it shall be found that the men who have been held
by the rebels as slaves are capable of bearingarms and per-
forming efficient military service, it is the rigbt, and may
become the duty of this Government, to arm and equip them
and employ their services against the rebels, under proper
military regulation, discipline, and command."
No one who has read the suppressed portions of
this report, of which 1 have given an extract and
fair specimen, can fail to perceive the irreconcil-
able nature of the difference which exists between
it and the views announced on every page of the
history of this Administration; and its suppres-
sion by the Executive clearly indicates his repu-
diation, up to that time at least, of the sentiments
contained in it, as tending, beyond all question, to
degenerate this contest "into a violent and re-
morseless revolutionary struggle." This slight
admonition, when taken in connection with the
expressive testimonial recently tendered the dis-
tinguished exile by a vote of this House for some
operations of his, will shed a peculiar luster upon
one page at least of his history, and afford food
for reflection during the period of his transporta-
tion.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the record ofthe pledges
of the officers of the Government from the highest
official civil station, and the military chiefs of the
country; their purport is entirely harmonious, and
has met the cordial approbation of the people.
Looking to nothing but the suppression of armed
rebellion and the preservation of constitutional
rights, they have, with singular uniformity, dis-
claimed all interference with the local policy or
domestic institutions of any of the States. Even
the most violent and unrelenting of the foes of the
Union, reeking with the guilt of this rebellion in
its conception and execution, have been assured
that the great shield of the Constitution did and
should protect any citizen of the Republic in all
his rights of person or property, however great his
faithlessness, however extreme his guilt.
And to demonstrate fully and place beyond all
controversy or doubt the relation of the States of
the Union to the Federal Government, as affected
by the power of the latter and the intentions of
the people of the northern States towards those
of the southern, I need only call to your recol-
lection the expressed opinion of the House in
February of the last year to completely settle the
same. At that time, while the work of disinte-
gration of the Union, so far as State action could
do it, was steadily going forward, the House,
with full knowledge of the causes alleged in sup-
port of such suicidal action, and desirous of plac-
ing upon record their declaration of the falsity of
them, on motion of a leader of the present dom-
inant party, and who have since indorsed him,
[Mr. Sherman,] did resolve:
" That neither the Federal Government nor the people
or government of the lion-slavebolding States have a pur-
pose or constitutional right to legislate upon or interfere
with slavery in any of the States of the Union.
" That those persons in the North who do not subscribe
to the foregoing propositions are too insignificant in number
and influence to excite the serious attention or alarm of
any portion of the people of the Republic, and that tlie in-
crease of their number <ind influence does not keep pace
with the increase of the aggregate population ofthe Union."
This declaration of Congress unquestionably
strengthened the Union sentiment of the South,
and encouraged to renewed effort those who were
then sincerely endeavoring to stem the waves sf
fanaticism which were threatening to ingulf the
whole of the southern States; they pointed to it
with confident assurance as another pledge of
your political faith and intention, on your part,
to abstain from any interference with their social
and domestic institutions. And when later the
terrible issues of war had been presented on the one
hand and accepted on the other, when the arbitra-
tion of the sword and bayonet had been resorted
to as the only means of a final settlement of the
questions involved, what was your action under
such circumstances.
The country well recollects with unappeasable
sorrow and deep humiliation the disastrous 21st
of July, when a national army, broken, routed,
and disgraced, fled a mass of struggling, bleeding
fugitives from the first decisive engagement of the
