1804
THE COMxKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire not to em-
barrass the gentleman, and I could not if I at-
tempted. If an individual takes my property by
force, i have an action to receive damages from him
by the municipal law. If a body of individuals,
too numerous and too powerful to be subjected to
the municipal law, involves the country in a debt
of a $1,000,000,000, is there not a principle of pub-
lic Jaw, higher than municipal law, which will
authorize a reclamation ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not going into a
law suit. The gentleman begins with a law suit
and ends with the law of nations. I tell the gen-
tleman that he cannot find an instance in history
where it has been done. Viewing the matter upon
the small scale of a law suit, it would be right
enough to do so. It would be better to make peace
at once than to procrastinate the war for an en-
deavor to make the enemy pay the expenses of the
war. What nation in modern times has attempted
to make the enemy pay the expenses of a war ?
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say to the gentleman
that it may be within his recollection that England
and France both compelled the payment of the
cost of the war from China at a very recent pefiod.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not the whole cost of
the war. They compelled China to pay some-
thing.
Mr. STEVENS. They called it the cost of the
war.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It wasnotthecostoflhe
war. Thegentleman must revive his lecollcctions
of history. I say there is no such instance. But
if there were any such instance, I put it to the
judgmentof the House to decide whether they do
'not believe the sacrifice of life and property would
be greater if the war was attempted to be prose-
cuted to that end, than it would be if you were to
conclude it now, if it were in your power.
Mr. STEVENS. As I may be mistaken in the
facts, and as the gentleman thinks I am, thoifgh I
do not, let me call his attention to another case.
The gentleman tcmcmbers the rebellion of certain
Cantons in Switzerland a few years ago. Am I
right in believing that, m the settlement or sup-
pression of that rebellion the Government com-
pelled the rebellious Cantons to pay the expenses
of the war ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not remember, but
the gentleman may.
Mr. CrRIDKR. The Government came to that
resolution at first, but they afterwards retracted
and paid tin" whole expense themselves.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. la it policy to do so?
That is the question. Is it polie.y to insist upon
niiiking them pay rlie expenses of this war before
it comes to an end? Or is it policy to insist upon
their paying only their proper proportion after
they shall be reduced to the condition of abiding
by the Constitution and the laws ? They will then
have to pay their portion. Will we, not lose more
in blood and treasure, by driving the war to ex-
tremity, than we shall gam' I think so.
And, besides, this policy is a baruer to the res-
toiatUm of peace. Peace is the want of (he conn-
try. Our brave soldiers who have gone to the
wais, went with their bosoms swelling with the
idea that I hey weie to battle for the restoration of
the Union; but if you fight for a set of confisca-
tion laws, and because these people insist upon
holding slaves, you aie waging an anti-slavery
war. If the country had been told that, what
would you have had m the place of that Army
which now challenges the admnation of the woild
and excites tin; fears of all' Pan lots and the loveis
of their country? No, sir; but only those who
wanted slavery emancipation, and none others.
There would have been no question of country
then. It would have beiMi a mere question of the
abolition of slavery. I speak candidly and plain-
ly, bat with no son it of offense. That is tin1 way
the people look at it; and the people of the United
States will preserve Uieir institutions both against
secessionist and against those who would violate
the Constitution by interfering with a subject with
winch they have no business. All understand
th.it, and neither secessionists nor abolitionists
will be permitted to put down these institutions
and tins countiy.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to know if the gen-
tleman asserts that those who support the confis-
cation measure, do it for the purpose of ultimate
abolition; and not with reference to the subjuga-
tion of the rebellion—whether those gentlemen
who support the confiscation measure do it for
the purpose of producing the abolition of slavery ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 did notsoassert, and
you have no right to ask vne whether I would so
assert. But this I do assert; 1 believe that these
gentlemen have persuaded themselves that it is
for the good of the country and for the suppres-
sion of this rebellion; I believe they think that,
but I believe another object with them is the abo-
lition of slavery.
Mr. EDWARDS. Does the gentleman mean
to charge that upon all, or only a few?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Oh, no; not upon all.
But I believe that some gentlemen are so zealous,
and so honestly and sincerely zealous, in this mat-
ter, that they regard the abolition of slavery as a
prize next in value, at least, to the preservation
of the Union.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to say, if the gen-
tleman will allow me, that if any such version of
the matter was to proceed authoritatively from the
gentleman to the South, it would only be that kind
of misrepresentation which, on the part of south-
ern gentlemen, has produced the alienation be-
tween the North and the South. I undertake to
say that a large majority of the people of the
North 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You are disposed to be
offensive, sir, and I do not yield to you further.
Mr. EDWARDS. Only one word.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; not a word. I
will not yield one moment to a gentleman who is
offensive.
Mr. EDWARDS. I had no desire to offend
the gentleman, and I did not think the language
I used could do so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I beg the gentle-
man 5s pardon.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 certainly intended no
offense.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am incapable to tak-
ing offense were none is intended. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. EDWARDS. I meant merely to state
what I believe to be the fact. I believe that a very
large majority of the people of the North have no
desire to interfere with slavery at the South, and
that a very large majority of those who sit upon
this side of the House have no desire to interfere
with slavery at the South, unless it shall be neces-
sary to save the countiy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am very glad, very
glad, indeed, that the gentleman's interruption
has taken place. That is what I have believed
myself, and the gentleman but verifies me. I said
but an insMnt before the gentleman interrupted
me that the people of this country will preserve
their Constitution and defend it against the ex-
tremes of all parties, North and South. That is
what I mean to say, and the gentleman assures
me, so far as his testimony goes, that they have
the power to do it and the will to do it.
Mr. Speaker, it is very possible, such is my own
infnmity, that 1 may have been betrayed upon
this occasion into a departure from that calmness
and deliberation which should characterize our
proceedings here. I wish to see these questions
considered dispassionately and discussed tempe-
rately; and if in any instance I have been provoked
into a departure from proper calmness and tem-
perance in my remarks, 1 am sorry for it, and
beg pardon of the House. Questions of such
momentous import ought to be seriously and dis-
passionately considered.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have a few words more to say,
in conclusion, 121 reply to my eloqucntfriendfioin
Ohio, [Mr. Bincham.] lie says he is sure that
if I could thereby esrablssh peace and promote the
restoration of the Union, 1 would make any sac-
rifice upon the subject of slavery. Mr. Speaker,
I have only to say upon that point that if I knew
, and could see that any personal sacrifice of mine
would restore the Union and give peace to the
country for the present, with a hope of its perpe-
tuity, I trust I should be ready to make that sac-
rifice. But thoie is one sacrifice I cannot make,
because it is a sacrifice of duty; I cannot sacrifice
my understanding of the Constitution; I cannot
sacrifice my obligation, my sworn obligation, to
obey it, according to my understanding of it. We
have no constitutional power to enact thesemeas-
ures. We have no constitutional power to do
these things, and, therefore, I cannot, no matter
what may be the result—I cannot do this thing
that the gentleman wants me to do. And, sir,
perhaps I would not do it if it were in my power
to do it, because I do not believe that it would
accomplish the object which he has in view; I do
not believe that it would bring about the millen-
nium and give perpetuity to the Constitution of the
counti y.
Mr.'Speaker, suppose the President were to
declare all the slaves in the United States free,
according to the mandate of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Stevens,]
the leader of this House: four millions of slaves
would then be turned loose on the country. We
have now an Army of six hundred thousand men,
and the gentleman knows how difficult it is to
furnish means to support them. But the cost of
this Army would be a mere pittance compared to
that which the support of these four millions of
emancipated slaves would involve. And yet the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who might have been expected to take a practical
view of this subject, as it is his especial p'rovince
to look to the means by which money is to be ob-
tained for carrying on the war, is for turning loose
these slaves. They are to be turned loose by your
authority. You take from them the protection of
their masters, and release the' masters from all
obligation to provide for them. Penniless and
utterly destitute, you take these four millions of
people into your hands. LIow will the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means provide for
them ? The cheapest way would be to leave them
to starve, but thegentleman's humanity would not
consent to that. Where, then, would he get the
money necessary to defray the expenses of the
four millions of the " redeemed, "as he calls them ?
Would he redeem them from bondage merely for
the purpose of starvation ? Is that your motive ?
When we look at it practically, the proposition
seems to me to be utterly untenable. Now, at
any rate, we aie not in a condition to provide for
them. We complain of the $1,000,000,000 we are
now m debt, but what would that be in view of
the necessity of feeding and clot hing four millions
of people? How long would it be before thegen-
tleman, with all his ingenuity, could enable the
President of the United States to meet the ex-
penses involved by his newly imposed duty of
becommgthe overseer for four millions of negroes?
floweould he do it? Lookatthis question, 1 piay
you gentlemen, as a practical one, and not as a soi t
of romance, in which you are dissolving the bonds
of the slave, wiping away all tears, and making
a new creation according to your own fancy. The
things of this world are made up of right and
wrong. For what purpose it has been so ordained
we cannot tell. We must proceed practically in
this matter when we do undertake it. You are
not in a condition, I say, to do it now. You have
not the means of supporting them when you have
liberated them. This war is already sufficiently
expensive and costly to be endured by any peo-
ple. Let us then go calmly forward with the work
111 which we are engaged, using the practical
means in our hands to accomplish the first, the
great, or, what the President calls, the primary
end. When that is accomplished, if we shall find
in slavery anything that is likely to endanger our
future peace, anything that we can remedy and
ought to remedy, let us remedy it; but let us be
content to do one thing at a time, and that the
greatest of all things, to restore this Union and
preserve the integrity of the Constitution. That
is our duty, our great duty, and it is to the mode
m which we perform that high, that sublime duty
that history will look in what it shall hereafter
say of us. Discharge that duty and all will be
right. Trust to the wisdom of the people for the
future. Trust to the sacrifices that North and
South will be willing to make when brotherhood
shall be restored, in order to secure the perpetuity
of the Government. The people are interested in
its perpetuity, the South as well as the North, and
the Noith as well as the South. Why not trust
to oui common counsels hereafter, to the feeling
of a common brotherhood and a common patriot-
ism to accomplish it? This war was declared to
be a war for the Union, and no longer ago than
last session it was proclaimed that you did not in-
tend to assail the institutions of any State, but
that the rebellion put down and the war at an end,
each State would emeige from the ruin, with all its
pustine rights and dignity complete, untouched,
and undiminished.
