1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
Not only have we created alarm throughout the
whole country by proposing measures of this sort,
but we have also created the idea, whether so "in-
tended or not, that our whole aim is to make this
war an abolition measure, and now that we see
we are able to put down the enemies of the Union,
to throw in another object—the abolition of sla-
very. That is the way in which it is represented,
or, if you please, misrepresented. We can easily
avoid that. Let these unnecessary measures alone
for the present. You know, and must confess,
that they are not necessary. We all look forward
checrfully to the termination of this war before
the end of the year, at the longest, by the means
that we now have. Why, then, adopt a measure
which might divide us at a time when our united
strength is necessary to keep up the effort we are
now making? Let us look at it in that point of
view. Let no extreme purposes of any member
oi set of members divert us from the performance
of this one single duty.
Sir, it its not my duty, perhaps, to defend the
President of the United States. I have endeav-
ored fo show, however, that Mr. Lincoln could not
v have dune those things which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] says he is a cow-
ard for not doing. I voted against Mr. Lincoln,
and opposed him honestly and sincerely; but Mr.
Lincoln has won me to his side. There is a niche
in the temple of fame, a niche near to Washing-
ton, which should be occupied by the statue of
him who shall save this country. Mr. Lincoln
has a mighty destiny. It is for him, if he will,
to step into that niche. It is for him to be but a
President of the people of the United States, and
there will his statue be. Hut if he choose to be,
in these times, a mere sectarian and a party mail,
that niche will be reserved for some future and
better patriot. It is in his power to occupy a
place next to Washington—the founder and the
preserver side by side. Sir, Mr. Lincoln is no
coward. His not doing what the Constitution
forbade him to do, and what all our institutions
foibade him to do, is no pioof of his cowaidice.
The gentleman's [Mr, Hickman's] deductions
of the President's cowardice, are from false consti-
tutional doctrines ofhis own. Rethinks that the
President is wrong in opinion, and therefore the
President must be a coward for not acting in ac-
cordance with the gentleman's opinion. That is
the whole sum and substance of his cowardice.
Because he has not committed an outrage in vio-
latum of the Constitution ofhis country lie is a
coward, i have observed, sit, that some gentle-
men in and out of Congress think that a little un-
constitutionality ^Ives a sort of relish to a public
measure; that it lacks piquancy, efficacy, and en-
ergy, unless its author shows his danngness by
violating the Constitution or by pronouncing an
unconstitutional doctrine. Sir, I know no safety
for myself, or my country, or my countrymen ex-
cept in the preservation of the Constitution and the
Union inviolate. It is sacred to me m peece; it is
sacred to me m war. 1 go to war in confidence
with that on me as my shield, for, when 1 come
out of the wai, 1 know I <im entitled to ull my con-
stitutional rights and privileges. I take the Con-
stitution for my spear and shield and fear no evil.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVE JOY obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, who moved that the
H ">use do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 24, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland, j
The Journal ot yesteiday was read and approved. 1
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a icport of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law and in conformity
with the Senate's resolution ot Pehrnaiy 14, ISii'i,
stateim nts showing the contracts made under the
authority of the War Department during the year «
ld(Jl; winch, on motion of Mi. Powell, was ie- '
ferred to the Committee on Military Allans and 1
the Militio, and ordered to be primed. j
1-Jo also laid before tin"1 Senate a mc-<snev honi i
the President of the United Suites, eommunica- !
tins;, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the !
17th instant, the testimony and judgment of the i
naval court of inquiry in the case of Lieutenant
Charles E. Fleming, of the United States Navy,
and also the testimony and judgment of the naval
retiring board in the case of Lieutenant Charles
E. Fleming; which, on motion of Mr. Grimes,
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITION'S A\'T> MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES ptesented fifty-one memorials of
brewers of malt liquors, praying that the proposed
tax on malt liquors shall not exceed fifty cents
per barrel of thirty-one gallons; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PpMEIlOY presented a petition of citizens
of Kansas, of German birth, remonstiating against
the proposed tax on lager beer; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILMOT piesented twenty-right peti-
tions of citizens of Philadelphia, piaying the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of
slavery under the war power; which was ordered
to he on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 406) for the relief of Francis Huttmunn, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of W.
N. Wood, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. ^82) for the relief of Oliver Spencer
Wood. The bill was read and passed to asecond
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr/NESMITU, and Mr. WILSON of Mis-
souri, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, sub-
mitted additional amendments, intended to be
proposed by that committee to the Indian appro-
priation bill; and they were received infoimally,
and ordeied to be punted.
ARRESTS IX KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution I offered a few days ago, ticking
certain infounanon from the State Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
take up that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to postpone prior orders, and take up the icsolu-
tion indicated by lum for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I oppose that motion. I wish
to be heard upon it. I undeistand the motion is
to take up the resolution.
Mr. POWELL. After the resolution is taken
up, the Senator can be heard upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think it advisable to
take it up.
Mr. POWELL. Is the motion to take it up
debatable?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; I believe it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is debata-
ble to a limited extent.
Mr. POWELL. Ifitis debatable, let the Sen-
ator make his speech now. I am willing to hear
h i m.
Air. SUMNER. I merely wish to state that I
objected to tin; resolution when offered by the
Senator from Kentucky the other day. It was a
resolution which I thought, under the circum-
stances at the piesent moment, it was not ad\ isa-
ble tor us to consider. It proposed a call upon
the Department of State with regard to the num-
ber of ai rests made in Kentucky. It confined the
mqun y to a pai ticular State. It had an object,
doubtless, m which the Senator from Kentucky
was specially interested; but I doubted whether,
under the circumstances, the interest of the coun-
try at this moment would be promoted by any
such inquny, and,looking at the resolution since,
I have been confirmed in "the conclusion at which
I arrived at that moment. I hope, theiefore, the
Senate will not take the resolution up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
takf s occasion to repeat what he has before stated,
that if Senatoi.? would permit thc-ordinaty biwi- j
ness of the morning hour fust to be pres-'iued, be- j
for.- interposing motions to take up special busi- !
Hess out of its older, the bus5i<<j>>> ot the Senate 1
would be very much facilitated. The question is !
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to j
take up the resolution indicated by him. i
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has assigned no reason why this resolution
should not be taken up other than that in his opin-
ion it would not promote the public interest.
That, in my judgment, is no reason at all. This
resolution merely proposes that the Secretary of
State inform the Senate how many of the citizens
of Kentucky have been arrested by his order, and
have been imprisoned by his order without the
Commonwealth of Kentucky. It further directs
him to give to the Senate the names of those
persons, the names of those who have been dis-
charged, the names of those who are still in con-
finement,and the places whote they are confincd.
That is all it proposes; and why it is that tho
Senator from Massachusetts can interpose any
objection that is valid is most astonishing to me.
1 know, sir, and the country knows, that a large
number of the citizens of Kentucky have been
arrested by the order of the Secretary of State,
and have languished for months in the northern
bastiles. We know that some of them are now
confined there, and there is not a Senator here but
knows that each one of those arrests made by the
Secretary of State is without warrant of law, that
these arrests overthrow the laws and the Consti-
tution of yourcountry. There is no law author-
izing the Secretary of State to make arrests; and
whenever he attempts it, whenever he has done
it, he has been a usurper, and to that extent has
overthrown the constitutional rights of the citizen.
Many eminent citizens of Kentucky, who are the
peeis of the Secretary of State or any Senator
on this floor, have been arrested without warrant,
Without cause, without charge, and have been con-
fined in these prisons for months upon months.
A few of 1 hem have been released, not by law, but
by the dictum of the usurper who placed them there
without law, without authority, without right.
Many more of them still languish in prison, and
I but simply ask that the tyrant, that the usurper
who thus overthrows the "Constitution and laws
and violates the personal rights and takes away the
liberties of citizens without law, without wanant,
shall give us their names, tell us where they are,
and how long he has kept them. Sir, they aic
white men. If they had been negroes, the Senator
from Massachusetts, I dare say, would have him-
self had a resolution here on the subject, lfasin-
gle negro is taken and delivered to his master by
any ofneer of the Army, we find Senators on that
side quick and speedy to inquire into it; but when
free-born white men, when men who are the peers
of the Senator and of the Secretary, are thus ar-
rested, we cannot even have an inquiry.
I wish to know whether or not the Senate of
the United States will refuse to pass a resolution
risking one of the officials of this Government how
many citizens of aState he has caused to be d ragged
from their homes, to be taken without the limits
of the State, and confined m prison, without war-
rant, without charge—men who have protested
their innocence, who have demanded all the time
that they be taken before the civil tribunals and
tried, and if guilty they are ready to meet their
fate, and ought to be punished. Butno, sir; when
that is proposed the Senator from Massachusetts
objects—he who is forever and eternally prating
of liberty. Away with such liberty' The Sen-
ator, it seems, has no respect for the rights of any
man unless he wears a sable skin. 1 know the
Senator has been clamorous about the seizing of
the poor black man, but I believe white men have
some nahts as well as black men; and 1 want this
resolution to pass; I want to know from the Sec-
letury of State how many of the citizens of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky, by his order, have
been ihus unlawfully imprisoned and are now held
m confinement. Sir, 1 hope there will be no ob-
jection to the adoption of the resolution. 1 did
not expect an objection; I certainly did not expect
one fiom the Senator from Massachusetts, who
is eternally and forever prating of human liberty,
i will tell that Senator, I will announce to Sena-
tors on this fioor, that if they will get up m their
places and state that the pooiest and most de-
^taded of their citizen^ has been deprived of his
liberty by any power in the Government, I \ull
vote for any itsolution of inquiry they want in
regard to it. A wise man oi Greece once said
:hat that Was the best Gove-nment m whieh an
insult offered to the poorest citizen was an insult
to the whole State. Citizens of eveiy degree in
Kentucky have been arrested by the authority, it
