1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sent this bill to the committee with specific in-
structions, to stand by those instructions so far as
the action of this committee is concerned.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman that the merits of the bill are not under
consideration at this time.
Mr. COLFAX. For one, I do not intend to
hazard the passage of this bill by such a course.
It has been once defeated by attempting too much.
But the bill as agreed upon the other day is certain
to pass, and I wish to secure that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must again re-
mind the gentleman that it is not in order at this
time to discuss the merits of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I will change my re-
marks to the point of order, as I had concluded
what 1 wished to say on the other subject. Iam
glad that the Speaker has reminded me ofthatpoint.
This committee were discharged, by our rules,
when they made their former report. - There is
no question as to that fact. They were revived
by a specific order of the House for the purpose
of performing a specific act, and the moment that
specific act is performed, the functions of the com-
mittee again cease.
The committee cannot, therefore, report any
other amendment than that directed by the House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts may, upon
his own responsibility, I grant, submit another
amendment, after performing his duty as the chair-
man of the committee in reporting the bill and sub-
stitute back to the House, and before demanding
thepreviousquestidn. But there is nothing clearer
in the rules than that when a committee has once
been discharged and again revived for a specific
purpose, it can simply accomplish that purpose
and go no further. I think,therefore,that thegen-
tleman fiom Missouri is correct, beyond a doubt,
in saying that the gentleman from Massachusetts
cannot report back matter which was not included
in the instructions of the House; but must offer
amendments, if at all, on his own responsibility.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am very glad to hear
my position sustained so ably on bolh sides of Lhe
House. I am inclined to think I am right. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to think
the gentleman is right. [Laughter.] The Chair
will state that this being a case of recommitment
with specific instructions, the Chair does not think
it would revive the general powers of the commit-
tee. The Chair is satisfied, upon further consid-
eration, that the committee could not make any
report relative to the matter, except in strict con-
formity with their instructions.
Mr. ELIOT. Under the decision of the Chair,
as now made, I then report back the bill commit-
ted to the committee, with the substitute, as di-
rected by the House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit as an amendment
to the report of the committee what I send to the
Chair.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
question of order. 1. submit that the substitute
reported by the committee contains embodied in
it the amendments which the Chair has decided
could not be received; and that the gentleman has
not, therefore, reported as required by the instruc-
tions of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It is that
the gentleman from Massachusetts has not re-
ported the substitute of the gentleman from Indiana
as directed by the House, but has reported it with
amendments ofhis own incorporated in it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to
say that he reported back the bill with the substi-
tute as directed by the House, and that he then
submitted an amendment to the substitute.
Mr. ELIOT. I have withdrawn the substitute
which the Chair decided could not be reported,
and have reported the substitute of the gentleman
from Indiana in accordance with the order of the
House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a point
of order: that the select committee having ordered
a particular proposition to be reported, thatreport
cannot be changed by the chairman of the com-
mittee. It can only be changed by lhe committee
itself. The gentleman from Massachusetts is
therefore estopped from making the alteration of
his first report which he now proposes. I hold
that the report which he now submits is not the
report of tfie committee, because he has already
submitted what he declared to be the report of the
select committee.
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised by
the gentleman from Illinois involves a question of
fact.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The report of the
committee is in the possession of the House. It
has been reported to the House by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. It is not private property.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
first proposition could not be the report of the
committee, and it has been withdrawn. The Chair
decides that the gentleman from Massachusetts
could not change the report of the committee. To
that extent the Chair sustains the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Illinois. He does
not understand the fact to be as the gentleman from
Illinois has stated it, that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has submitted a report from the select
committee which he now proposes to change.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is a matter
of record.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Massachusetts first took the floor he said that he
reported back a substitute under the resolution of
the House instructing the committee to report.
By the direction of the committee, he proposed a
substitute for the bill which had been referred to
that committee. That is all the gentleman stated.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not so un-
derstand the statement of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. The gentleman said he reported
back a bill with amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts now proposes, as an individual, an
amendment to the substitute reported from the
committee. The Chair understands that to be the
state of the case.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Hlinois. The papers are
in the possession of the House, and I ask that
they be read. Their reading will determine my
point of order, and will show the House exactly
how the matter stands.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I am a com-
promise man, and the House must see that there
is no way of getting rid of the present difficulty
except by the recommittal of this whole subject
to the select committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. I have reported back the bill with
a substitute.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the Chair overrule the
point of oider raised by the gentleman from Illi-
nois?
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised by
the gentleman from Illinois turned upon a ques-
tion of fact, and the Chair has decided according
to the statement made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. HICKMAN. We can get the best under-
standing of what has occurred in this matter from
the official reporters.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Let my col-
league state whether the Speaker has given the fact
accurately as It occurred.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a point of order, and
it is that the decision of the Chair is final, unless
some gentleman takes an appeal from that decis-
ion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has made a statement, and on that state-
ment the Chair was, of couise, bound to overrule
the question of order raised by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. ELIOT. I have reported the bill precisely
as the committee instructed me to report it to the
House, and I have proposed amendments to the
report of the committee, which are now in the
hands of the Clerk.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr, MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts distinctly, as
| he admitted in reply to me from my place, re-
i ported a bill from a spccial committee on confis-
cation, with amendments. I inquired whether he
reported those amendments by authority of the
committee, or whether he reported them as an in-
dividual member of the House. His reply was
that he reported the amendments in his authority
as chairman of the committee. My point of order
is this: that, on that state of. fact, the bill and
amendments constitute the report of the chairman
of the special committee on confiscation, and that
having made the report in that way, he has no
right now to alter it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ifrora Mas*
sachusetts sent the bill to the table, with- these
amendments, in the nature of a substitute, and the
point of order being raised, the Chair ruled them,
out, because the report was not as the committee
were instructed to reportit. The committee report
the bill with a substitute, to which the gentleman
from Massachusetts, as an individual, moves cer-
tain amendments. The Chair, therefore, overrules
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. I take an appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
Mr. IIUTCHINS. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope my friend from
Kentucky will withdraw his appeal.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not withdraw my ap-
peal, but I withdraw the demand for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I renew the demand for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The report as made was
not in obedience to the order of the House. It
was made, however, by order of the committee.
Now, I ask whether it is in order for the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, without the consent of
the committee, to make another proposition which
the special committee has not ordered" to be re-
ported ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not un-
derstand the state of the case. The report made
from the special committee is the report which the
gentleman from Massachusetts was instructed to
make by that committee. He reports back the bill,
with a substitute.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the next business is the consideration ot
the special orders which have been set apart for
this day, one being the territorial business, and
the other the Treasury note bill.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to submit a minority
report from the special committee on the subject
of confiscation, that all the propositions may go
together and be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that there can be no minority report; that there
can he no report except that ordered by a major-
ity of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The point stated by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is certainly a good one;
but the gentleman from Missouri asks the consent
of the House to submit the views of the minority
of the committee.
Mr. NOELL. I know that the minorityofthe
committee has no right to make a report; but it
has been usual to extend the courtesy of the House
to the minorities of committees by permitting them
to submit their views, and to order the printing of
whatever propositions they may present.
Mr. MALLpRY. I object for the present. I
do not want this question to come up in any way.
Mr. ELIOT. Let the amendments be printed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the whole record be printed, so that it will show
exactly the report that was made by my col-
league.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say in ref-
erence to this matter a word or two 
The SPEAKER. The subject of confiscation
is not now before the House.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHLEY. What is the first business in
order ?
The SPEAKER. The territorial business.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to have ail under-
standing on this subject. If the Committee of
Ways and Means has pressing business, 1 will
not object to postponing the consideration of the
business of the Territories, provided it is made
the special order far Wednesday next.
