1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Policy and Object of the War—Mr. Knapp,
Ho. oj? Reps.
struggle. Hardly had thesoundofthecannon died
upon your ears, while the streets of the capital
were filled by the panic-stricken survivors of that
disgraceful defeat, which had been witnessed in
person by many who to-day sit in this Hall, with
almost entire unanimity on the next day, this
House declared:
" That this war is not waged on our part in any spirit of
oppression, norfor any purpose of conquest orsubjugation,
norpurposc of overthrowing or interfering with the rights
or established institutions ot those States, but to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and to pioseive
the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the
several States unimpaired ; and that as soon as these objccts
are accomplished, the war ought to cease."
The resolution was worthy of the distinguished
statesman whose name it bears, whose efforts for
the preservation of the Union will live so long as
the Union has a single devotee, and whose name
will be remembered and cherished when that of
others who seek to separate this fair inheritance
will only be mentioned to be execrated. It was
eminently worthy of a national Congress, which
sent it to the country as the expression of their
determination, and that, too, at a time when the
infirmities of human nature, actuated by an in-
tense love of country, might, if anything would,
almost excuse a departure from the strict line of
constitutional rightand justice towards those who
had inflicted this deep humiliation.
In all these authorities no single contradiction
can be perceived, nothing dim or oracular, nothing
variant from the high and holy duty incumbent
upon all of aiding by every means in his power to
suppress this rebellion, and to restore the Union
as it xvas, mid preserve the Constitution as it is—to
maintain the proud temple of our liberty in all its
perfect beauty—not to suffer" the life of the build-
ing to be stolen thence."
But, sir, over this policy there has cornea change,
and, during the session of this Congress, now ex-
tending over a period of six months, the country
has seen, with ineffable disgust, the amount of
time worse than wasted, and the careful attention
bestowed upon subjects which in no way can pos-
sibly aid the triumph of our cause. While the
country is struggling in the throes of a rebellion
which is enlisting all its energies, pouring forth
the blood of her sons like water, expending treas-
ure without stint, we have sat in these Halls
wrangling over questions which can only serve to
create division among the people and excite alarm
for the safety of our own liberties in the minds of
the most loyal.
When the history of this session of Congress is
fully written, and the calm judgment of the peo-
ple shall have passed upon our work, there can
be no doubt of the verdict it will receive.
With opportunities such as no American rep-
resentative ever before possessed of earning the
gratitude of all who really desiie the preservation
of the republic, by the adoption of measures not
alone calculated to aid and support the efforts of
our armies in the field, but to rekindle upon altars
now disused the almost extinctfires of patriotism
and loyalty; instead of all this, the madness of
fanaticism seems to reign triumphant where rea-
son alone should bear sway. In a very brief man-
ner I propose to examine part of the record of our
legislation and seehowfarit justifies me in making
the charge I have.
I will riot be accused of misrepresentation when
I assert that the larger part of the time of this
session, so far, has been occupied in discussing
measures or projects having in view the abolition
of slavery in some form or other, or racking in-
genuity itself to discover how in some manner the
negro can be benefited, and always at theexpense
of the white man; at his expense in procuring
freedom for the former, at his expense in main-
taining him after he is free, at his cost in the fu-
ture by bringing this newly freed labor into com-
petition with the white laborer of the North.
On the first day of the session, before the mes-
sage from the President had-been received, or the
condition of the country had received the least
consideration, and before you had expunged from
the roll the names of members then serving m the
armies of rebellion, this all-important subject was
brought before the House by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] in a series of resolu-
tions which assert the doctrine " that the safety
of the State is the highest law," and before it all
rights of property must give way, and then as-
suming that our present condition is so desperate
that resort must be had to thisdoctrine, concludes
with the following resolution:
" That therefore we do hereby declaie that, in our judg-
ment, the Piesident of the United States, as the Command-
er-in-Chief of our Aimy, and the officers in command under
him, have the right to emancipate all persons hold as slaves
in any military district in a state of indirection against the
national Government, atid that we respectfully advise that
such oider of emancipation be issued whenever the same
wii) avail to weaken the power of the icbels in arms, or to
strengthen the military power of the loyal foiees."
In order that the storms which, in this Hall, in
times past, have raged so fiercely about these ques-
tions, might still be heard vising above the dm of
the actual conflict their agitation has caused, the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] comes forward with his statements of
the causes of our present unparalleled difficulties
and the remedy which, in his judgment, would
alone give peace and quiet to our'agitated country.
The resolutions which he offers, together with
their preamble, are as follows:
" Whereas slavery has caused the present rebellion in the
United States; and whereas there can be no solid and per-
manent peace and union in this Kepublio so long as that in-
stitution exists within it; and whereas slaves are now used
by the rebels as an essential means of suppoi ting and pro-
tracting the: war ; and whereas by the law of nations it is
right to liberate the slaves of an enemy to weaken his
power: Therefore,
" Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled. That
the 1'resident be requested to declare Vree,and to direct all
of our generals and oliiceis in command to oider freedom to
all slaves who shall leave their masters, ot who shall aid
in quelling this rebellion.
"rfec. 2. Jlnd be it further resolved, That the United
States pledge the faith of the Union to make full and fan
compensation to all loyal citizens who aie ami shall leinnin
active in supporting tlie Union for all the loss they may sus-
tain by viitue of this act."
Thus early, Mr. Chairman, was this subject
introduced for our consideration, by those who
control the legislation of this body, and in such
a shape as, if ever adopted, will, in the judgment
of a large portion of the people, render inevitable
the total and lasting disruption of the confederacy.
Each of these propositions contains the substance
of what has hitherto divided and still divides
loyal sentiment in both Houses of Congress, as
well as that of the people, and has received most
elaborate examination, to the exclusion of mat-
teisof infinitely more impoitance. If the division
of opinion, sir, on these questions was confined
to the national Legislature, although that in a time
like this would be unfortunate, yet when its effect
upon the country, so plainly to be seen, is to di-
vide and distract the people at home, it is then
that the disastrous consequences can only be fully
realized.
With no feasible plan suggested for the dispo-
sition of this large class of our population, (u con-
sideration waiving for the moment the question of
power and right, which imperatively demands the
earnest attention of every man who has a voice to
he heard or vote to give upon the subject,) these
resolutions propose to change entirely the social
condition of this whole race—to bring about and
consummate the very condition of things, the fear
of which the gentleman from the St. Louis dis-
trict, [Mr. Blair,] in his recent speech, alleged
was the cause of this rebellion. The preamble to
the resolutions of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] in relation to the causes of
the rebellion, and the necessity of doing away
with the cause he alleges, before a permanent
.peace can be expected are both simply errors in
point of fact, and the clear judgment of the gen-
tleman and the many who have advocated these
propositions upon this floor have been warped by
their feelings, and prejudice has given a bias to
reason.
Slavery is not the cause, it is only the instru-
ment that has been seized hold of to give to this
rebellion a greater volume and range, by appeal-
ing to the interest of those whose wealth, to a
great extent, consisted in this species of property,
than it could otherwise have possibly attained.
This, from the nature of the case, was accom-
plished without serious trouble. While the pos-
session of property of any kind, the world over,
never fails to beget conservatism of ideas and ac-
tion, yet, whenever fears for i ts safety are aroused,
no length so great but it will be attained in defense
of its possession and rights. In regard to those
holding slaves is this especially true; the tenure
by which in this day they are held has its foun-
dation exclusively in the guarantees given bylaw,
and that, in its turn, is but the reflection of pop-
ular sentiment, always liable to change. By ap-
pealing to the platform of the party coming recently
into power, no one could fail to perceive in it a
decided hostility to the institution itself, and which
only professed to be restrained by want of consti-
tutional power from entirely annihilating the whole
system wherever it existed, and in regard to the
extent of which deficiency, and the measure of
restraint, they have never yet been able to agree.
While their party platform has spoken one lan-
guage, sufficientifadhered totoquietapprchension
as to any arbitrary act of authority affecting the
institution in the States, yet those who instigated
this rebellion had no lack of material with which
to excite the fear of those holding the property
interest in this subject. Many of your distin-
guished leaders, both in this House and the other
branch of Congress, have, time and again, denied
the existence of all claimed constitutional guaran-
tees, and openly repudiated any obligation rest-
ing upon them therefrom. A Senator who to-day
sits in the other end of this Capitol and prates
loudly of his loyalty to the Government, the coun-
try well remembers that when asked, a few years
ago, by his peer in that Chamber, whether he was
in favor of carrying into effect a certain provision
of the Constitution, replied, " is thy servant a dog
that ho should do this thing?" My colleague [Mr.
Lovejoy] lias asserted, during this session, in de-
bate, " that by persistence in false assertions and
declarations, spiead ail over the country, this gen-
eration has been educated into the belief that sla-
very had some sanction, some guarantee, some
protection, some defense in the Constitution of
the Government, while in fact it had none."
Distinguished members of the party, not in
official station, but by their talents exercising a
vast influence over popular sentiment in their State
and section, have also contributed by their action
in unsettling confidence in the ability of constitu-
tions to restrain the excited passions of a people
when roused by heated party animosity. Appeal-
ing with burning eloquence to the long-inflamed
and deep-seated prejudices of a section of the
Union against the social system of another, it was
not so easy to believe that the stoim that rancor
and hate had raised would pause ere invading the
rights of others, the object of their wrath, by mere
paper guarantees, guarantees the instrument in
which they were contained, in the same section,
had been denounced as " a covenant with death
and an agreement with hell." Only a few weeks
since the nation saw the appearance of one of the
most distinguished of these men, at this capital,
and in the healing of many officials of this Gov-
ernment, and a laige auditory of admiring and ap-
proving listeners, declare sentiments reeking with
the foulest treason; and applauded the declaration
that he, the speaker, u had been laboring for nine-
teen years to take nineteen States out of the Con-
federacy," and appealed to the friend who sat at
his side for proof of the statement " that he had
heard him curse the Constitution a hundred times."
When, a day or two after this exhibition of
treason, this miscreant visited these Halls, where
loyalty alone should havo place, in violation of
the rules ofboth the bodies who have assembled,
while the flag of the Union he had labored so as-
siduously to disgrace was waving over these Cham-
bers, the doors of either House, as if by some
magic talisman he possessed, (can it be that it
was the sentiments he had so recently expressed ?)
opened at his approach, and he stood and was re-
ceived as an honored guest upon these floors. I,
myself, saw the second officer in the nation de-
scendfrom hisofficial placcand greet with a warm
reception, as an apparent co-worker in a labor of
love, this base reviler of the work of the purest
patriots whose history enriches the annals of na-
tions.
Other courtesies, from almost equally high of-
cials in other departments, were lavished upon
this man; who, in contemplating the honoishe
was in this city the recipient of, may for a time
forget that he must ever remain the despised of
patriots. While I cordially approve the spirit that
would not listen to his treason in a city further
West, I cannot but deprecate the manner in which
