1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
great degree of power and of civilization, if it be
practicable. I would want our Government, like
a true mother does to her own natural offspring,
when it is crawling upon the floor, to take that
offspring by the hand and lift it upon its feet and
teach it to walk. I would want our Government ,
to tend and to nurse that republic in its infancy* '
and to give it all theassistanceandprotection that j
it possibly can,except upon the terms of equality. I
If that republic should be menaced by a foreign
Power or by foreign attack, or should desire "to
suppress the slave trade, I should want our ships
and our cruisers, and our arms, if need be, to be
sent there to give it all assistance to protect it
against such aggression. I do not believe that
the scheme will ever succeed to the extent of the
hopes ot the benevolent and gieat founders of the
enterprise. I trust that I may be disappointed,
and more than disappointed, m the opinion which
I have formed. The growth of that colony has
been slow, but neailyas rapid as that of Ply-
mouth, and that of the colony in Virginia when
it was planted at Wilhamsburgh first. It may
be that the slowness of (his growth willgiveita
more vigorous and a protracted existence when it
has reached somewhat to maturity. I hope so.
I wish as many colored people, to use the mild
term, as can be induced to go there, to go and to
cast their destinies in the land of their fathers. If
they and their fiiends can succeed in building up
a self-sustaining negro republic or empire, "that
will bear back to the benighted and pagan regions
of Africa the civilization and the Chustidtiuy of
their masters, be it so. It would be a noble ictri-
bution to that race. But any legitimate assist- i
anee which we can render to such an enterprise j
and such a philanthropic object, we can rendei '
without the passage of the measure under consid- '
eration to place these two republics on a perfect '
equality diplomatically with our own. I there- I
tore propose, with a view not to excite prejudice !
anywhere in the United States against these le- :
publics, that the measure shall pass in the form
of the amendment which I have offered. The in-
dependence of these republics can be recognized
as well in that fonn as in that proposed by the
original bill, and every friendship, every favor,
every protection tiiat they can properly receive
from our country can be given under the substi-
tute as well as under the original bill.
Mr President, I regie t to have felt myself forced 1
to speak the words upon this subject I have. I
do begin to nauseate the subject of slaves and sla-
very in debate in this Chamber; and it was only
because this measure has been perse\eringly and
uniformly opposed from the slave States hereto-
fore, and I know is distasteful, to a very consid-
erable extent, to the people of those States, and
because the measure, in the form in which it has
been reported, would have the effect, in my opin-
ion, to increase this feeling, that I have thought
it incumbent on mc to say a word. I have not
any idea that the measure which I have offeied
will in the present Senate receive such a vote as
will cause it to be adopted. Perhaps it will re-
ceive no vote at all of any consequence between
the two extremes. I have dischaiged what I have
felt I was required to do under the force of the
opposition which I gave to the measure when it
was under consideration in the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and my pledge then to oppose
it when it came into the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senate will
bear me witness that m presenting this important
question yesterday, I made no allusion to the
character of the population of those two repub-
lics. 1 made no appeal for ihem on account of
their coloi. 1 did not allude to the unhappy cir-
cumstance in their history, that they had once
been slaves. It is the Senator from Kentucky
who has introduced that topic into debate. And
not only this, sir. he has followed it by alluding
to some possible difficulties—1 hardly know how to
characterize them—which may occur hcie m so-
cial life, should the Congress of the United States
undertake at tins Lite day, simply m harmony
with the law of nations,'and following the policy
of civilized communities, to pe.ss the bill now un-
der discussion. I shall not follow the Senator un
those sensitive topics, t content myself with a ;
single remark. I have more th,«.n once had the
oppoituioty of meeting citizens of these lepub-
hes, and I say nothing more than truth when I
add that J have found them so refined and so full '
of self-respect that I am led to believe no one of
them charged with a mission from his Govern-
ment wilt seek any society where he will not be
entirely welcome. Sir, the Senator from Ken-
tucky may banish all anxiety on that account.
' No representative from Hayti or Liberia will
trouble him.
But the proposition which the Senator presents
makes a precise objection to the bill, which I am
ready to meet. He insists that we shall be rep-
resented at these two republics by consuls only,
and not by diplomatic agents. Yesterday, in the
remarks 1 had the honor of addressing to the Sen-
ate, I anticipated this very objection. I quoted
then the authoritative words of Mr. Wheaton in
his work on the law of nations, where he sets forth
the distinction between ministers and consuls, and
shows the greater advantage to be derived from a
representation by one rather than by the other. I
follow up that quotation now by reading a pas-
sage from another work. It is a treatise on inter-
national law and the laws of war, by General
Halleck; and as I quote this authority, which is
now little known, I venture to remark that I doubt
if theie is any recent contribution to the liteiature
of the law of nations which, upon the whole, is
of more practical value. In a few words he states
the character of consuls. I quote from him as
follows:
"Consuls have neither the representative nor diplomatic
diameter of public ministers. They have no right of ex-
temtoucUin \ and theiefoie cannot claim cither lor th\:in-
selves, their faun lie?, houses. oi propei ty, the privileges of
exemption which, by tin-, fiction of Jaw, aie accorded to
diplomatic nguit* who arc considered as repiesenunjr. in a
greatm or le.-,* decree, the sovereignty of tin* State which
appoint"! them. They, however, are officer* of a foieigu j
State, and when recognized as such l y the exequato? of the i
State in which they <:.\eiei^e their functions, they aie under
the special protection ot the I:uv of nation**. Consul*. are
sometime^ made al*«o ehaig<'* d'aJFaiies, in which cas-es
they are furnished with ciedentia!-, and enjoy diplomatic
puvilegos; but those remit only tiom their character as
cliartfsi?-. and not a*. con-uK."—International Law or Rules i
Reouhdina; the Inta courv: of Xtutes in Peace and War, bu
II. IV. HallecL, *d. M., p ' .
The committee who had the subject in charge, 1
taking it into most caieful consideration, as I !
believe the Senator from Kentucky will confess, j
deliberately reached the conclusion that it was j
advisable tor the United States at this moment 1
to be represented at each of those republics by a '<
person of diplomatic character. The committee
putaside the proposition that we should be repre-
sented merely by a consul. It was felt that such 1
an officer would not adequately do all that our j
country might justly expect to have done. Nor ;]
was this all. We were guided also by the pre- !
cedents o- our Government. Theie are twenty-
three different States lower down in the scale of
commerce and navigation with the United States,
where we are now represented by diplomatic !
agents. One of these, as I explained yesteiday, |
is the Sandwich Islands, with a population of only i
eighty thousand people, and with a commerce |
and navigation vastly inferior to that between the :
United States and Hayti. i
Mr. DAVIS. I think we have too many. |
Mr. SCJMNER, Possibly. I go into no in-
quny on that point. Suffice it to say we aheady
have these twenty-three diplomatic icpiescnta- 1
tives, and one of these is at the Sandwich Islands, j
with a population, a commerce, and navigation i
inferior to that of Hayti. Besides, at the Sand- ■]
wich Islands we have three consuls highly paid, ;
If we have too many, let us strike them off the ;
list, but do not commence and economize on Hayti
and Liberia.
Nor is this all, sir. The committee m their con-
clusion followed the usage of nations, and also the
example of the great Poweis at this moment, at
Hayti. In presenting this measure, I make no 'j
appeal on account of an oppressed lace. I urge :J
it simply as an act for our own good. We go ;l
about the world hunting up the smaller Powers, 11
where to enter into treaties- and to place diplo- ij
matic representatives, under the temptation ofV
petty commercial advantages. Thus far we have !j
stood aloof from two important oppoi tumties, as '
I would characterize them, of extending and !
sti engthening our 1'illuenee. It is time to change. 1
In Uayti we are represented now by what is !'
called a commercial a^ent, not enjoying even eon- !'
miliar powers or privileges, a gentleman of my j,
own State, an intelligent, active, instructed, care- !i
lul observer of men and of things. I have in my 'i
hand a dispatch very recently addressed by him !!
to the Department of State, and as it presents "an
idea of the actual condition of things in Hayti at
this moment, I shall send it to the desk and ask
that it be read. Let the Senate listen to this let-
ter, andtheywill see something of the embarrass-
ments to which our interests are now exposed
from the absence of a diplomatic representative
there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived the further considera-
tion of this bill is superseded 
Mr. SUMNER, i think we can dispose of this
bill in a short time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state the condition of the question. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the special order for
that hour comes up, which is the bill (S. No 151)
to confiscate the property and free the slaves of
rebels. The directquestion upon that bill isa mod-
ification of the original bill, moved as an amend-
ment by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that by general con-
sent we shall proceed with this question now, I
think we can come to a vote upon it very soon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator to consent
to it for fifteen minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust not.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Senate bill No.
153 is, of its own force, by order of the body, now
before the Senate for consideration. Itsupersedes
the previous question without motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow us a few minutes to dispose of this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I was merely asked to
allow a vote to be taken, 1 should not object; but
it is evident that will not be arrived at verysoon.
Other things have crowded the confiscation bill
out of place so often, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has had it postponed so many days that
I do not think it is proper for him to ask that it
should be postponed for any other business. I
insist on the order of the day.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Piesident 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts will allow the Chair to state
the proper question before the body. The object
of the Senator from Massachusetts can only be
reached now by a motion to postpone, for the
time being, Senate bill No. 151. That is the bill
of its own force, under the rule of the Senate,
before the body for consideration.
Mi. SUMNER. Should there be any discus-
sion occupying any time, 1 shall cheerfully allow
the bill which has been under debate this morn-
ing to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I am asked simply to
yield to allow a vote to be taken, I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to have the
letter read, and then L shall call for a vote; and
should there be a promise of discussion after that,
I will consent to a postponement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing, for one, to
allow the vote to be taken on this proposition;
but I am not willing to allow the discussion to be
continued. If the Senate is ready and willing to
vote, I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the letter sent to the Secretary's
dtsk by the Senator from Massachusetts will be
read, and the question put upon the amendment
offered by the Senator from Kentucky to Senate
bill No. 184.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is with the under-
standing that I may call up the confiscation bill in
case the vole cannot be taken, I suppose.
Mi. SAULSBURY. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this measure; but I propose to assign, very
briefly, some reasons why I shall vote against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I insist on the order
of the day.
* Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders, in order to proceed with
the consideration of Senate bill No. 184.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 151, to confiscate the property and free the
slaves of rebels, is the bill befoie the Senate, by
special order of the Senau, at this hour, and the
Senator from Massachusetts now moves to post-
pone that special order for the consideration of
the bill indicated by him which has been under
debate during the morning.
