THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, !). 6.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1862.
New Series No. 50.
ness. It is a very simple matter, and I trust the
House will take instant action upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stetens] moves that the answer
of the witness be reduced to writing. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] moves
to amend that motion by requiring the witness to
be brought to the bar of the House, and his an-
swer to be taken down by the Clerk and read to
him for his approval. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] to make a mo-
tion to postpone. Does the gentleman insist on
that motion?
Mr. COX. 1 withdraw that motion for the
present.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague. Ail I want is a record in
writing of what the witness said. I accept the
modification of my collcaguc, that the witness be
brought to the bar, and his answer reduced to
writing and read to him for his approval.
The motion of Mr. Stevens, as modified, was
agreed to.
The witness's answer, as above, was read to
him by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER, (to the witness.) Is that your
answer to the question propounded by the Chair?
The Witness. It is.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 move the resolution which
I have sent to the Clerk's desk, and call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a suggestion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have no hesitation, at all,
in hearing any suggestion which the gentleman
from Ohio has to communicate; but still I must
insist on the resolution which I have submitted,
and on the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
As this is all new to me, I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee whether the mat-
ter of a portion of the President's message, having
been communicated to the Herald, was referred
to that committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
is not a point of order.
Mr. COX. I do not want the House to entan-
gle itself in this matter in a way from which it
cannot disentangle itself. I think the Speaker
should ask the witness whether he has any fur-
ther or other answer to make; and if he has, and
wants to make it, I think he should have another
chance.
Mr. HICKMAN. I must object to that.
The SPEAKER. . The Chair inquired of the
witness whether that was the answer he had to
make.
Mr. COX. But the Chair did not ask whether
it was his only answer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania after that moved a preamble and resolu-
tion, which would be the business for action by
the House. At present there is nothing before
the House. The Clerk will report.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas Henry VVjkoflf, ;i witnpps suhpenaed to appear
and testily before the Committer1 on the Judteiaiym the
mattei ot the investigation hv said committee into alleged
telegraphic censorship of the press, and refusing to answer
ceitain questions propounded to hun on his examination,
on benn* brought befoie the bar of the House, has failed to
satisfy the lluu-su of the pioprioly of his refusal. Tlicreloic,
Resolved, That the said Hemy Wikoff, by reason of the
premises, is in contempt of tins Ilou^e, and thai the ?er-
geant-at-Anns he directed to hold &aid Henry Wikoff in close
custody until lie shall puige himself of said contempt, or
until disehaiged by ouler of the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. ! rise to a question of
privilege. I think that this man before the House
ought to have the privilege of being heard, and
that the previous question ought not to be called
upon him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
is not a question of privilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is a question of order,
however.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to de-
termine—whether it will order the main question.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee to -withdraw the demand for the
50
previous question, to allow me to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I cannot do so. This is a
plain question. It is all in writing, and there is
no necessity for delay.
Mr. DIVEN. And we are making a great fuss
about nothing.
Mr. COX. It is no contempt at all.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the adoption
of the preamble and resolution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only seven
members seconding the call.
The question was taken by division, and there
were—ayes eighty-two, noes not counted.
So the preamble and resolution were adopted.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Washington's birthday.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask to have taken from
the Speaker's table and passed, the concurrent
resolution from the Senate in regard to the cele-
bration of Washington's birthday.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
the virginia election.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to state that
on the vote yesterday on admitting Mr. Segar to
a seat in this House, Mr. Olin and myself were
paired off.
washington city railroad.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask leave to
introduce a bill authorizingarailway along Penn-
sylvania avenue, in Washington, District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I cull for the regular order
of business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 13, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in conformity with the fifth section
of the act of March 3, 1809, entitled " An act to
amend the several acts for the establishment and
regulation of the Treasury, War, and Navy De-
partments," a statement of the expenditures dur-
ing the year 1861, from the appropriation for the
contingent expenses of the military establishment;
which, on motion of Mr. Grimes, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a resolu-
tion of the Union Defense Committee of the city
of New York, praying for the immediate passage
of the bill now before the Senate authorizing the
issue of;>150,000,000 in Treasury notes to be made
a legal tender; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial of the
Legislative Council of the Territory of Nebraska,
praying Congress to establish a tri-weekly mail
loute from Marshalltown, in Marshall county,
Iowa, the present western terminus of the Chi-
cago, Iowa, and Nebraska railroad, to Decatur,
in Burt county, Nebraska, and representing the
advantage it will be to the people living along the
route, to the whole Territory of Nebraska, and to
the country at large; which was referred 'to tTie
Committee on the Post Office arid Post Rofcda.'5
Mr. POMEROYpresented the petition ofLydia
S. Hall, praying for compensation for her prop-
erty destroyed or used by the United States forces
in Kansas m 1855 and 1856; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a port of entry at La Crosse; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented the memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, prayingfor the establishment
of a mail route by steamboat from Detroit, Mich-
igan, to Superior City, Wisconsin; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition of mer-
chants and others of the District of Columbia,
praying that the bill now before Senate renewing
the District bank charters, and allowing the issue
of small notes, may be speedily passed; 'which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 115)
in relation to landlords and tenants in the District
of Columbia, reported it without amendment, and
that it ought not to pass, the present laws being
ample to secure the rights of both landlords and
tenants.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 197) for the appointment of a warden of
the jail in the District of Columbia, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 108) for the release of certain persons
held to service or labor in the District of Colum-
bia, reported it with amendments, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No. 128)
to change and regulate the terms of the circuit
and district courts of the United States in the
northern district of New York, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 130) to authorize the
district judges of the United States to act out of
their districts in certain cases, reported it with an
amendment.
BTLL INTRODUCED.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
198) for the relief of James Walker; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
civil APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
No. 154, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862,
and had agreed to other amendments, withamend-
ments; in which the concurrencc of the Senate
was requested.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and the amendments of the House
to other amendments of the Senate; and
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
RcsoU-cd, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
tlie said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
disagree to the amendments of the House to other amend-
ments of the Senate theieto, and ask a conference on the
disagreeing vote3 of tile two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President..
