1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
war of this kind can tako to itself and exercise ail
power, regardless of the prohibitions of the Con-
stitution,and further, can make itselfcommander-
in-chief of the Army and conduct the particulars
and details of the war in aU respects, I do not
know that there was any usurpation by the House
of Commons in the time of Cromwell. They said
they represented the people, and they took com-
mand of the generals of the army; tney overrode
the other departments of the Government and
broke down the Government itself. Suppose we
choose to take control of the Army and all its
command, and of its Commander-in-Chief, and
direct all its details as we please, and send our
committee on the conduct of the war out into the
camps to inspect the proceedings of the generals
and direct them in their duty, as was done under
Cromwell, I do not see that it would be anything
more or anything less than a usurpation and tyr-
anny; and its being m this body, or in these two
bodies constituting the Congress, does not relieve
it of the difficulty in the least.
It is said, however, that we are at war, and that
wo have become elevated to the privileges, and
are entitled to exercise the rights of a belligerent;
that this power of confiscation is a sort of war
power over our own citizens that we havea right
to exercise in the capacity of a belligerent. I
have given what little reflection my limited powers
would allow to this branch of the subject. I at first
thought it was tolerably plausible, that, to some
extent, such a power might be used; but the more
I reflcct on it, the more I perceivc that the whole
of that doctrine about the relative rights and priv-
ileges of belligerents to each other is utterly in-
applicable to the present condition of things be-
tween us and the seceded States and their people.
Undoubtedly, so far as regards the conducting of
the war, it should be conducted according to the
laws of nations, and, if you please,according to the
usages of nations in these times of civilization;
but when we come to the lights of belligerents,
can we apply them? When we conquer a coun-
try with which we are at war, we own the pub-
lic property there. Now, we have conquered
Tennessee, if you please. Do we own the capi-
tal, at Nashville, to-day? Do we own any of ihe
universities and colleges and public property of
the State of Tennessee to-day? If they are treated
ns beiligeients, then when you conquer the coun-
try, the property m the land remains in the indi-
viduals who owned it before, and the nation ac-
quires no title to it by conquest. llei<* is an
attempt to getpossession ofall that property of in-
dividuals who have been concerned in this rebel-
lion. And how? Asa belligerent. According
to the laws of nations, a belligerent does not get
it. I know that the Constitution provides that
Congress may issue letters of marque and repu-
sal, and make regulations in relation to captures
or seizures by sea and land. That looks to a state
of war, undoubtedly. What is a seizure or cap-
ture? What is the meaning of the term ? Some-
thing that you take, make prize of, carry away.
Can you carry away the farms of an enemy?
Are tney the subject of capture? Not at all.
But, Mr. President, when after a war with
another nation, you make peace with it, all mat-
ters are ended, depending on the form of your ar-
ticles of peace. It may be the status ante bellum,
it may be itti possidetis, depending on the terms
of your treaty; but all matters are then ended.
Now, when we have conquered these people,
taken military possession of the country, can we
not punish the men who have been m rebellion;
can we not render if, legitimate to hang them?
Cortainly. Could you do wo with enemies with
whom you have made war and peace ? No; but
in such cases when peace was declared, the past
would be wiped out.
Again, to treat with them and treat about them
as being belligerents, is to acknowledge them, so
far as this war is concerned, as a coequal power.
We have complained that any foietgn nation
acknowledged and recognized them as in a state
of belligerency. We thought it was pretty hard
usage to us. I do not see it in that light exactly;
but at any rate, especially after what has been
said to the other nations of the world by our func-
tionary and correspondent of the State Depart-
ment, it ill becomes ns to take measures founded
on the ground that they arc coequals and bellig- I
erents, and that we may make laws accordingly, j
This legislating for that people as bound by the I
laws that we here make, and at the same time le-
gislating for them as enemies and belligerents not
bound by the laws we make, is to my mind utterly
inconsistent, utterly irreconcilable, and I shall not
therefore make any further remarks in relation to
what might by possibility be done by us as bellig-
erents.
Mr. Piesident, 1 am fully aware that in a time
of war, or in a time of rebellion as this is, it was
clearly contemplated or implied in the Constitu-
tion that a pretty large amount of executive power
would have to be put in exercise. I have always
considered that that provision of the Constitution
which declares that " the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless when,
in cases of rebellion orinvasion, the public safety
may require it," implies that, in a state of re-
bellion and of invasion, even that sacred writ may
be suspended, would have to be suspended; and
the moment it is suspended, a large latitude of
executive power must necessarily be put in exer-
cise; it was contemplated that it would be. I do
not stop here now to consider whether that sus-
pension of the habeas corpus should be by legis-
lative or by executive act. All I have to say upon
that is, that if we were to pass a law authorizing
the Executive to suspend the habeas corpus, he
would have to exercise precisely the power which
he has exercised. When, how, for what class of
cases it should be suspended, would, of course, in
our statute be left to the Executive; we never
could anticipate allconditions of things thatmight
arise. The form of a statute that could have any
practical effect would bring you to precisely the
condition of things that now exists.
So, too, in the prosecution of the war, I am
aware that when the President calls out the mili-
tia to suppress insurrection, and uses the Army
according to law for thatpurpose, it implies force,
it implies that everything shall be done which is
necessary to secure the end as a military neces-
sity; but I insist that the Executive, his generals,
the military power, are the sole judges of what is
military n< cessity. It is not possible that wo can
by legislation provide for the prosecution of the
war in nil respects, and enact the laws by which
it shall in all cases be governed. War, even in
its most modified form, is in a great measure the
law of retaliation. You do what is necessary to
meet the enemy's acts; you retaliate on him, and
go sometimes to great extremity, layingwaste his
country, spieading over it utter desolation. It
may be a military necessity to do that; hut to un-
dertake to sit here and make laws directing the
Executive and the generals as to what thoy may,
and what they may not, consider, as military neces-
sities, is utterly idle, because they are constantly |
changing with the changing circumstances; and
as I have before said on another occasion, when
you undertake to make the laws to regulate what
they may do, you necessarily imply that they
must not do anything but what you have regu-
lated. It was said by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] yesterday,that the Execu-
tive, through his officei s, may take ships and burn
them Did we make any law for that? No. Do
we complain of its being done wrongfully? No.
It did not need any law then to do it. ltdoes not
need any law to stop it. It is said that this con-
fiscation is a military proceeding, a military ne-
cessity. If it is—i do not decide that point—we
know where to go, we know who is to decide
whether it is or is not; and if we do anything that
takes away from the Executive and his generals
the deciding upon what is military necessity, we
usurp their rights, usurp their powers.
Mr. President, the legislation which is called
for at the hands of legislative bodies depends in
a great measure upon the exigencies of circum-
stances, and ought to be addressed to them, fitted
to them. The old law of the mischief and the
remedy, lawyers well understand. We should
look to what is the present law, and see what is
needed, and what shape the law should take to
eiTect the desired end. When the Executive,
through its generals and its armies, shall have put
down the armed rebellion—and nothing of great
importance can be done here until that is effected—
what is wanted, whatis needed? Nothing can now
be offered by the President to these people butthat,
if they will return to their allegiance and be obe-
dient, they shall not be hanged. We all perfectly
well know that theidea ofhangmg a hundred thou-
sand men, or ten thousand men, or anything of
that kind, is idle. Nobody apprehends it; nobody
has any fears of it, and I trust nobody has any
hopes of it. Then that will not enable the Presi-
dent to hold out any inducement at all, because they
have no apprehensions on that subject. All rebel-
lions that are unsuccessful, that are suppressed,
among any civilized people, end in a bill of am-
nesty, from which some are reserved and excepted
for punishment. The great body of the people
are pardoned. I recollect among a civilized peo-
ple of but one rebellion that was ever attempted
to be treated in any other way, and that was the
Monmouth rebellion, under the Duke of Mon-
mouth, in England, in the time of JamesII—a very
foolish rebellion, and one which was readily sup-
pressed. King James sent Jeffreys, and he hung
two hundred and odd people, including females;
it was called "Jeffreys's western campaign,"
Though the people of England disliked the man
for his bigotry, they disliked that rebellion; but
when that experiment was tried on the British
people, when it shocked the humanity of the Brit-
ish nation, it produced the culmination of the pub-
lic disgust with that same James II, and within a
short time Jeffreys was in the Tower, and his
master was fleeing from the throne of England
That was an attempt to deal in another way with
a lebellion.
I look to no such result in this country. I know
our people are exceedingly exasperated, and I
participate in that feeling myself, as an individual.
But revenge, exasperation, feelings of vengeance
should notheente^ained bynations,norby bodies
representing nations. Rebels must be treated with
severity to extremity; a proper number of those
who are needed for example, for its wholesome
influence afterwards, should be brought to con-
dign punishment; but the great mass must have
an amnesty.
When we began with putting down this rebel-
lion we had but one law which related to the sub-
ject in any way—the law of 1795—which provided
that the President, m case of an insurrection,
should issue his proclamation directing the insur-
gents todispcrse by a certain day,and calling out
the militia to suppress that insurrection and to
enforce the laws. Probably that was as much as
was needed for the Pennsylvania whisky insur-
rection, for which the law was made. It was not
a severe affair any way. At any rate, the law
unsweied its purpose there. When we assembled
hero last summer, the President had ordered the
dispersion of the rebels, but they had not dis-
persed. He had called out the militia, and they
were here. The circumstances which had trans-
pired required more legislation. That already
provided had been so far executed; but it did not
answer the purpose. We then proceeded to pass
a law, which, among other things, contains asec-
tion declaring that whenever an insurrection shall
exist in any State, claiming to act under the au-
thority of the State, and those exercising author-
ity in the State do not disclaim it and do not sup-
press it, in such cases the President is authorized
to issue his proclamation declaring the people of
those States or parts of States which are in that
condition in a state of insurrection, and that theie-
upon all intercourse with them shall cease, and
prize be made of all who attempt intercourse to
and from them. That is the law under which we
have acted, and under which we are acting, and
underwhich prizes are made. Now, it seems that
does not entnely answer; it does not effect its
puipose. Our armies, too, increased as they are,
valiant and bold as they are, "armies with ban-
ners," splendid and brave, have not answered
the purpose yet. I venture to say, though it was
said before on an occasion when it was not very
acceptable to our people, that if five hundred thou-
sand men will not do, a million of men must. It
must be put down, because if we fail in suppress-
ing the armed rebellion, the Government is a fail-
ure; we cannot sustain the integiity of our nation.
That being done, I say we come to treat of the
subject of which we arc now talking. What next ?
Legislation is needed. I have said that what is
needed is, in the first place, some law to put into
the hands of the Executive the means of offering
some inducement to those people, after he shall
have taken possession of their country, to come
back to their allegiance, duty, and loyalty—some
interest, some motive, some purpose, some mode
of relieving them from some liability under which
they are and which they fear, something which
