tm-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•February IB,
fettd for the redemption or funding thereof and
for ftindirisj the floating debt of tho United States.
• Mr. COLLAMER. Have all the amendments
of the Committee on Finance been passed upon?
■ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
so advjsed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was informed by the
Chair yesterday, that when these amendments
were gone through with, the amendment which
I proposed to offer would be in order. I move to
strike out all after the words " United States,"in
the twenty-first line of the first section, down to
the word " aforesaid," in the thirtieth line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to offer a couple
of amendments from the committee first.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the chairman
desires to offer some further amendments from the
Committee on Finance, and I will withdraw my
amendment until he is through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On my motion yesterday
an amendment was made in the forty-second line
of the first section by inserting between the words
" after" and "twenty" the words "five years,
and payable." I wish to further amend that by
adding, after the word " payable" the words " at
the pleasure of the United States;" so that the
clause will read:
And redeemable at the pleasure of the United States after
five years, and payable at tho pleasuie of tho United States
twenty years from the date thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to move the same
amendment, in the seventh line of the second sec-
tion, page 4, in order to complete it. I wish the
language to be the same—" redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States after five years, and
payable at the pleasure of the United States twenty
years from the date thereof."
Mr. PEARCE. I really do not see the neces-
sity or tho use of that amendment in the language
in which it is couched. If the proposition were
that these bonds might be redeemable at the pleas-
ure of the United Stales after five years and pay-
able at the expiration of twenty years, I could see
some necessity for that distinction; but when you
say redeemable after five years, of course you
mean payable; and whet) you say " payable after
twenty years," you give the Government no fur-
ther authority, and the creditor no further guar-
antee of his bond than he has by the first branch
of the proposition. The first branch of the prop-
osition makes them redeemable or payable—the
terms are the same; they are convertible—any
time within the pleasure of the Government after
five years. Why is it necessary, then, to say they
are to bo payable at any time within the pleasure
of the United States after twenty years i If they
are redeemable at the pleasure of the Government
after five years, it is entirely unnecessary to say
that theyareredeemable,or payable, (which is the
same thing,) after twenty years. I supposed the
objcct of the Senator was to make them redeem-
able at tho pleasure of tho Government after five
years, and payable at the pleasure of the creditor
after twenty years,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The criticism of the Sen-
ator from Maryland strikes me as having a great
deal in it; and I will therefore let both these amend-
ments pass over for the present, so that I can look
at that question, and see what the phraseology
should be before the bill is taken out of commit-
tC The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Maine to desire to
to withdtaw the amendment which has just been
agreed to by the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will re-
quire a motion to reconsider.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I make that motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is now pending, but is withdrawn by tho
mover.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will now offer my amend-
ment. I do not wish to occupy time with it, but
merely to say a word upon it. The amendment
is to carry into effect the principles for which I
was contending yesterday, or, as the phrase is
liere, "on yesterday," that these notes shall not
be made tenderable and compulsorily receivable
for debts, either due by the Government or due
by individuals. They should be receivable upon
all debts due the Government; but they should not
be coercive and made payable upon debts due from
the Government. It should be optional with the
people to take them. I have no doubt they will
be taken if they are told they can get nothing else.
That is another affair. Very likely they will pass
under such cncumstances; but I do not wish it
made in such a form that the people shall be told,
" you shall take them, and whatever the discount
on them is, you shall suffer; we will not." My
motion therefore is to strike out all that portion
of the bill relating to that subject; and I will ask
the Secretary to read it, as perhaps his reading
would make it more intelligible than mine would.
I have to take this bill as it stands, with part of it
amended on the motion of the committee, and in
that condition I have to move to amend it. My
proposition, therefore, is to strike out the whole
bill after the words " United States "in the twenty-
first line of the first section, down to and includ-
ing the word " aforesaid," in the thirtieth line of
the same section. Part of the matter that I pro-
pose to strike out is in the original bill, and part
in the amendments reported by the committee. If
that is done it will effect the purpose which I have
avowed, and that is all it will do. If that is done
we shall have to go over and alter the backing on
the note.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been struck out
already.
Mr. COLLAMER. "Well,ifitwillnothaveany
backing on it, of course it will not be necessary
to alter that provision. If that clause is gone, it
it will not need to be amended. I ask the Secre-
tary to read that portion of the bill without my
amendment, and then with it, and in that way I
think we shall be able to see whether it will cffect
the purpose desired, or does any more than that.
The Secretary read the portion of the bill indi-
cated, without the proposed amendment, as fol-
lows:
Jlnd -provided farther, That the amount of the two kinds
of notes together shall at no time exceed the sum of
$150,000,000, and such notes herein authouzed shall be re-
ceivable in payment of all public dues and demands of every
do-eription, and of all claims and demands against the Uni-
ted States of eveiykind whatsoever, except for interest
upon bonds and notes, which shall lie paid in coin, and
shall also be lawful money and a legal tender m payment
of all debts, public and private, withm the United States,
except interest as aforesaid.
The Secretary then read the clause as it will
read if amended, as follows:
Jlnd provided further. Tint the amount of the two kinds
of notes shall at no time exceed the ium of §150,000,000,
and such notes herein authorized shall be receivable in
payment of all taxen, duties, impost*, excises, debts, and
demands of every kind due to the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to modify that,
and I will state my object. In the first place I
desire to have the sense of this body upon the
simple question of whether these notes shall be a
tender in private debts. I wish to have the ques-
tion taken on that by itself first. If the Senate
will sustain that, if they say they shall be a tender
for private debts, I can very well conceive that
the other should stand us a matter of course, and
they should be a tender for a public debt; but if
the Senate should reject that part of it, and say
they will not make them a tender for private debts,
then a motion might be made in relation to the
rest of the clause, that they should not be a tender
for public debts. I desire, therefore, first to con-
sider the question by itself and independently of
everything else, on striking out that part of the
bill which makes these notes a tender for private
debt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will again be read as modified by the mover.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is m line twenty-eight
of the first section, on the 2d page, in the clause,
" and shall also be lawful money and a legal
tendermpaymentofall debts,pubheandprivate."
I wish to strike out the words, " public and pri-
vate," and insert the word ts public" before the
word " debts" in the twenty-ninth line. On re-
flection I think I will leave the word " public" jn.
To strike out the words " and private" simply,
will effect the purpose, because the making of
that amendment with the word " public" inserted
before " debts'' would foreclose the next amend-
ment that might be proposed m relation to their
not being a tender for public debts.
Mr. COWAN. I would suggestanotheramend-
ment to the Senator, that he strike out the words
"tender in payment of all debts due to the United
States."
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not want to foreclose
myself on that upon this question. I want two
different votes.
Mr. COWAN. This proposition I understand
is to strike out the tender for private debts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves to strike out the words
"public and private, "so that if amended the clause
will read as follows:
And shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
ment of all debts within the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless the Senator puts
in the word " public" before the word " debts,M
he will not gain anything by that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, I will move to strike
out the words " and private." That will leave
the amendment in aproper form. That will simply
effect this: that these notes shall not be declared a
legal tender for private debts. I wish to try that
question by itself independently.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, Mr. Presi-
dent, this proposition is a very simple and plain
one, and certainly very easy of comprehension;
but, it seems to me, the fate of the measure itself
is involved in the decision. If the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont is adopted,
I shall vote against the whole bill under any and
all circumstances, for 1 conceive that it would be
unjust to issue a currency of $150,000,000 of Gov-
ernment paper, and impose it upon all persons
in the employ of the Government, upon our sol-
diers in the field and upon those who have made
contracts to supply the armies of the Republic,
and do nothing to protect the credit of that cur-
rency when m their hands, imposed upon them
by our necessities. I should consider such a meas-
ure as that un just, wickedly unjust; and I could
not, and I would not, under any circumstances, be
guilty of giving a vote of that character. If that
amendment should be adopted, I hope every Sen-
ator in favor of the legal tender clause will vote
against the bill, and defeat it, if possible. I think
we owe it to the character of the Senate and the
character of the country.
It is not my purpose to say anything in regard
to the constitutional question. Senators of emi-
nent ability differ upon that question; men emi-
nent in constitutional law, in and out of Congress,
differ upon that question; and when the mostemi-
nent constitutional lawyers of the country differ
in regard to a question of that importance and of
that character, it seems to me that those of us who
choose to do so may exercise our own judgments
in regard to the constitutionality of the measure.
Passing by the question of constitutional power,
and coming to it simply as a practical question,
it is a contest between brokers and jobbers and
money-changers on the one side, and the people
of the United States on the other. I venture to
express the opinion that ninety-nine of every hun-
dred of the loyal people of the United States are
for this legal tender clause. I do not believe that
there are one thousand persons in the State I rep-
resent who are not in favor it. The entire busi-
ness community, with hardly a solitary exception,
men who have trusted out in the country in com-
mercial transactions their tens and hundreds of
millions, are for the bill with this legal tender
clause. Yes, sir; the people in sentiment approach
unanimity upon this question. What is true of
Massachusetts is in my judgment true to a con-
siderable extent ofNew England, and true to some
considerable extent of the central States and the
West. I believe that no measure thatcan be passed
by the Congress of the United States, unless it be
a bill to raise revenue to support the credit of the
Government, will be received with so much joy
as the passage of this bill with the legal tender
clause. On that question I entertain no shadow
of doubt. If you pass this bill with the legal
tender, the legal tender cannot injuriously affect
the credit of this currency you propose to circu-
late. No harm can certainly come of it. It
seems to me, sir, the argument made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont and the Senator from Maine
is an argument against issuing these notes as a
currency at all. The legitimate inferences from
their arguments are against this proposition for
§150,000,000 of demand Treasury notes.
Now, sir, I believe that if this bill is to passat
all, if we are to issue these demand notes at all,
we should do all in our power to preserve their
credit and to protect the persons to whom we pay
out this $150,000,000. In my judgment, if the
