1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27.71
of this Congress, of the 9th of May last, in these
words:
" It is charged that the colonel, at the firstfire of the en-
emy, loft the field, and was not seen by his regiment during
the battle. Lieutenant Colonel Kyle, a brave and merito-
rious oiheer, was soon after shot dead in the presence of
his tioops. His death left the regiment without a com-
mander, and it fell into confusion. The regiment, however,
voluntarily re-fonned its lines in the rear of McClernand's
division, and was underarms during Sunday and Monday."
That statement was made upon what was sup-
posed at the time by some of the members from
Ohio to besufficientauthority,and was made with
laudable motives. It was made without any in-
tention to do injustice to the officer to whom ref-
erence is made, and has been since withdrawn by
the honorable and distinguished author. I send
to the Clerk's desk, for the purpose of being read,
the following statement.
Tiie Clerk read, as follows:
Dayton, Ohio. June 7, 1862.
Dear Sir: Through mutual friends I received from you
a request that I would furnish you a statement of the result
of inquities I was making as to the conductof the seventy-
first Ohio regiment, and especially of Colonel Mason, at the
battle of Shiloh. At my first leisure I do so, and the more
cheerfully because a simple statement of the truth is a com-
plete vindication of both the regiment and the colonel.
You know the leasons I have for feeling a deep interest
in the regiment, and particularly in Colonel Mason So
man> cxtiaordinary rumors vveie cuculated and published
in newspaper*, that without by afiy means believing them,
1 felt impelled to go to Tennessee and ascertain their truth
or falsity. I spent considerable time there, and was per-
icctly satisfied that every rumor discicditnble to the regi-
ment or the colonel is not only false, but without the slight-
est foundation.
The letter of Colonel Mason, of May 5, communicated to
tiie Cincinnati Gazette, winch you have seen, but to which
I aaam refer you, is a simple, plain, true statement of the
p ut taken by the regiment in the fight of Sunday. I think
it proper, however, to refer to the singular position in which
the bngade was placed. I have always supposed that the
extieines of the right and left wings of an aimy were vciy
impouant points, and should be carefully strengthened and
cuaided against attack. The position of this brigade was
upon the extreme left, guarding a most piobable line of ap-
proach by the enemy. It was certainly an important point.
Meaureg.ird's repott of the battle shows that ll was so ie-
gaided by the cnetnv, and that it was heavily attacked.
This po>ition was held by a single hitgade of about fifteen
hundred men, without cavaliy, and so without the means
of sending out cavahy pickets, without a single piece of ar-
tillery, and without any reserves in case of attack. It is
not to be s-o much wondered at that it held the position no
longet as that it held it so long.
When it was determined to hold Lick Crc^k Crossing,
the Imgade was moved down and formed. Colonel Mason
had been engaged in sending his sick and transportation to
the rear. Coming upon the ground, he at once lemarked
to Colonel Stu ait that, if attacked, they would be de.st toyed,
ard that his legiment particularly would be annihilated by
aitillery, without the power to return a fire, as it was m
double column, on a bold, open hill, exposed from every
side. Fie was allowed by Colonel Stuart to move hack
alone: the ravine near the road. He did so, and selected a
spletidtd position. Again he was ordered forward upon the
road, where thcie was no cover, and where tiie men would
b« exposed to the fiic of the enemy, then coming into posi-
tion with a very superior force of both infant!y and artillery,
lie again infoimed Colonel Stuait that he could not hold
that position, but received no oiders. The enemy opened
fire at ten o'clock and ten minutes. The position was found
wholly untenable against mfantrj and artilhny; and after
tit ing not more than two or three round-3, the regiment did
not uin oi flee from the field, but fell back about two bun-
dled and fittv vards to the position fiist selected by the col-
onel, wluelfit could hold, and did hold as longas there win
any lighting upon that pan of the field. The position is par-
ticulailv de.-enbed by Colonel Mason in the Gazette icttei.
It iuimshed splendid covet, and almo.st complete conceal-
ment tiom tiie enemy, while all his movements could be
observed The movement referred to by Colonel Ma*on
was made by two leguuenN of the enemy upon the right
flank of the fifty-fourth Ohio and fitty-fitth Illinois, while
encaged with the other forces ot the enemy in nont. But
foi the seventy-liist it would probably have pioved success-
ful m the captuie ot Colonel Stuaitand his two legiments.
It was piogie-smg finely until checked, and held in cheek,
hv the unexpected, sharp, and continuous fire of the sev-
enty fit^t Ji Colonel Stuart d:d not see the seventy-fh.st,
he probably did not know ot tins attempt, and that it was
in tia  iiiaimei fiustiated. The legimci.t held tin* position
until both the other legiments weie seen in full retreat,
i'tentiss-'s division on the right having given way, it was
left alone, and was the last icgiment anywhere m that part
of the field. Theoidei to ictieat was tbengiven by Colonel
M.wm, and pa-scd along the hue. In retreating the leiri- j
nienf bore to the light, and pa«sed between the other two
and the enemy. Fiom the filing of the first gu.i to the last,
Colonel Mason was with In- legunent. and in command.
It was after the letieat commenced that lie was separated
fiom the largei poition of the legiment. As to that 1 take
hj-> own statement.
He staited with the men. keeping to the left, however,
until he came to the fie id hospital, and saw that eve! \ thing
was removed. He men leturned to the lull, to ub-ei\e if
the enemy wa^ pursuing Cavaliy and arti'loiy could not
pursue over such ground,and the infautiy w^ not follow-
ing iti any foice. But skirmishers of the enemy were then
ju such positions on the hill as to pievtsnt him from roach-
niLMhe mam bodv of the legiment, which was moving to-
ward the river under Major Andrews. This was ot small
consequence, there being no pursuit. He went back to the 1
landing and saw that his wounded were properly cared for
and received upon the hospital boats. Later in the after-
noon the artillery, which had beep all brought to the rear,
was placed in position in a long line, extending more than
a halt mile, with only ppace enough between for the men
to work the guns. There were guns of all calibeis and de-
scription?. The seventy-first and fifty-fourth were in line
on the hill above the landing. Colonel Mason took com-
mand of his regiment,which formed a pair of the support to
the artillery.
About six o'clock the enemy came in sight, when all this
artillery,together with some detached batteries on the left,
and the two gunboats, opened a terrific fire, before which
no troops could stand. This continued till nearly dai k, when
the infantry, including the seventy-first, was ordered to the
front, and maiched steadily forward, firing as it went, a
steady sheet of fire playing along its ranks. For that night
the enemy disappeaied. Our infautiy returned to its original
lines, and there spent the night.
It has been alleged that, owing to the absence of the col-
onel, the btave and noble Lieutenant Colonel Kyle was
compelled to expose himself to unusual danger in tallying
the men,and was in consequence killed. Kyle,thoughsick,
was, like a biave man, in his proper position. The colonel
was not absent; Kyle was not in command. He was not
rallying the men. They were in position, steadily filing and
receiving the enemy's "fire, and needed no i allying. He was,
in fact, doing nothing, for there was nothing to do. The
manner of his death has been fully stated by Colonel Ma-
son. He foil about one o'clock. The regiment remained in
its position an hour after that.
I have been thus particular in regard to the operations of
the fust day, as the scandalous reports to the prejudice of
the regiment and colonel have mostly, if not altogether, had
refeience to these. The regiment lost one hundi ed and ten
men, out of about five hundred in the field. If this i3 a
smaller loss than that of either of the other two regiments,
it is owing alone to advantage of position. The fighting on
the second day win not done by the troops that had been
engaged the day before. It was done by Buell's splendid
corps and the division of Lew Wallace. Grant's forces, ex-
cept Wallace's division, did but little, and scaicely contrib-
uted to the result. Colonel Mason, however, from morning
until the retreat of the enemy, was in the field. At bieak-
fast he was told by Major Sanger, of Sherman's staff, to go
out alter hi cakfast with the brigade to a point designated,
about three fourths of a mile from the landing, where it
would remain in reserve. Sanger said the brigade would
take no part in the battle, unless the enemy drove our troops
back, when it would be expected to hold the point assigned
it. The brigade was marched far bevond that point, prob-
ably thiee miles from the landing, by whose orders! do not
know. It wa<-matched into a severe liie, dncctcd not at
it. but at one of our batteries, and then across that fire, by
which the seventy-fitst lost four men by one cannon shot.
Necessarily or unnecessarily, wisely or unwisely, the brig-
ade was led into another severe and terrible aitillery fire,
by which it was pretty well scattered. It was not again to-
gether m any considerable force. The object or purpose of
tlit se movements I do not know. Just after this, at Colonel
Stuart's request, Colonel M«i«on assisted him, reeling in his
saddle, and faint, as lie said, fiom his wound, to a shelteied
place a <-hoit distance tn the lear, and returned to collect
his regiment. Tne brigade was not, however, again en-
gaged. and did not fire anothershot. General Sherman must
be mistaken as to the " small fragment" of the seventy-first
which joined in the morning. The legiment was not a vety
small fragment" that joined the brigade, and it joined
no division at all. Probably he relets to the squad of
straggleis that the adjutant collected late m the fight and
btought to him The brigade was in the fight, independ-
ently, jammed tn on the leltof Wallace's division.
On neither of the two days did Colonel Mason exhibit
any frantic feats of dating, inspired by whisky or by any
undue excitement, but calmly, resolutely, and bravely did
ins duty a* colonel. The regiment behaved as well and
fought as bravely as any one of Giant's army, and has de-
served piaise instead of the abuse it has received. The Illi-
nois papers have shown that they will sufficiently puff
theii own legtments and decry ours, and that it is not ne-
cessary for Ohio papers to assist them in doing either.
Howaic these stiange rumors to bcaccountedfor? Sim-
ply, r think, in this way. I have not seen Stuart's lepoit,
and do not know that he hasmadeouc. It has been stated
that he says he did not see the seventy-first after the battle
began. This is not improbable. Ptobably after it fell back
fiom its fust position neither the officers nor men of Hie
other regiments saw it in its new position, and thought that
it ran at the fiist fiie. Tins report they circulated m camp
Before it came to the ears of the seventy-first, that regiment
was Gidercd away; thete was no one to contradict it, and
it came to be generally believed and taken for gianted
Then the bad conduct of the legiment must be accounted
tor and as it seems to be a prevailing opinion thatpuvates
cannot be cowards, and tlu\t to be a cowaid a man must
be an officer, the chaige of cowardice was fixed upon the
colonel. _ ,
Colonel Ma«on has asked for a eouitof inquiry. I do
not think it will be ordered, oi that an inquiry will be insti-
tuted m any case. Such inquuy would piobably lead to
investigations info the whole conduct ot that teuible afiair,
and perhaps involve ofheets m highereommands than Col-
onel Mason's:. From what I have heatd. i believe Geucial
Hailcck doe- not think such investigations would h« tor
the benefit oi the scivice.
Some papers have lefencd to Colonel Mason's command
of the second Ohio, m the tine o months* .service, and ac-
cused inm of bad conduct and cowardice in the battlfi of
Bull Run. I have better evderscc on that head than news-
papoi correspondence ot !h ing minors. I have the highest
amhoiiiy for the st.itcni"iit winch I now make, tfiat quite
11 eontii, in company with a number ot other officers, C ap-
tain Ajres, who commanded the celebiatedj^heimau jat-
teiy in that battle, and w ho is nowchici oi aitdleivma
division of McClelland aimy, and one of the be.-t ofiiceis
m the service, not knowing even who commanded lhat
legiment,used this language: •' The office* who commanded
the «econd Onto regiment at Bull Run, was the only officer
there that I saw that aetedMke a soldier. I was struck with
his coolness and gallantry, and would rather have had hfta 1
with me in the retreat than a brigade of the other rcguuents -
I saw around me. The last I saw ofhim lie was retiring
lrom the field as if he was on parade."
This letter is longer than I intended. You will excuse
its length and believe me, most respectfully, yours,
D.A. UAVNES.
Hon. S. Shellabarger.
P. S. I have forgotten to refer to the fact of the regiment
being ordered to Clarksville and DonelsOn. Any one who
has seen its condition as I have, has seen a sufficient rea-
son for that. One week ago It could not muster over three
hundred and fifty effective men, and immediately after the
battle not one hundred and eighty. It was and still is
utteily unfit for service in the field. D. A. H.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. RICHARDSON rose toaquestion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
question of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is that the reading of
such a document relative to the conduct of officers
in the field, tends naturally to produce insubor-
dination, and cannot but be detrimental to the
public service.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how the application of a paper to the Army can
make it out of order to be read in the House.
Mr, RICHARDSON. 1 apprehend it is the
Speaker's duty not to permit matter to go from
this Hall before the country, the effect of which
cannot but be prejudicial to the public service.
That is the point 1 make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know of
any rule by which he could interrupt a gentleman
proceeding by the consent of the House, unless he
indulges in personalities or in remarks winch are
in violation ofparliamentary courtesy. The Chair
cannot see how the statement the Clerk is reading
is in violation of any rule of the House.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
paper.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will remark that
the gentleman who is the author of the statement
just read is a gentleman of the highest order of
intelligence. He is judge of the superior court for
the city of Dayton of my own State, who, on ac-
count of the interest he felt in the officers and men
ofth is severely criticised regiment, went to the State
of Tennessee, and made the investigations which
he here leporis upon the ground. He received his
information from the officers and men of our Army,
and his statement may be regarded as perfectly and
fully reliable. Many of my colleagues will be able
to bear witness to the high character and entire
reliability of Judge Haynes, whose statement has
been read.
I present also, as a part of the record of this
proceeding, the following communication, dated
Clarksville, Tennessee, May 5:
Headquarters United States Forces,
Clarksville, Tennessee, May 5.
We see only now and then a stray paper from Ohio; and
I was only advised yesterday by out quaitermaster, who
has been on furlough, the extent to which charges have
been carried against the seventy-first Ohio m our own State.
I had supposed that at least our own trtends wou^d have
waited lor some offieiaf statement of such gross delinquen-
cy. On joining the regiment I leqnested the officers to dis-
courage writing for the paper*, lor I have hen disgusted,
with cettain regiments that might be named, for their con-
stant laudation of themselves. 1 saw the original telegram
trom Paducah in the Louir-viiJe Journal, repoiting that we
had been sent heie in dtsgtacc and ourcolots taken from
us. As f had the colors ni my possession, and had beard
nothing of the other part of the charge from the general by
whom I was sent here, and supposed that it was simply a
iniiiuiiy expediency that made it dutiable to rai^e two
healthy regiments stationed hereby one that had not fifty
well men in it, I paid little attention to the matter, suppos-
ing that the charges would be soon corrected. I now sus-
pect tiiat the seveiitv-fiijstis not onlythe victim of an error,
but ot a deliberate determination to do it injustice on the
patt of certain parties.
In justice to the seventy-firbt, it is the duty of its officers
to make a "statement of it* uansacnons on the memorable
i Sunday, Apul G, 1862, when it is said to have dtsgiaced
j Ohio.
The second brigade, SheurunV division, consisted of the
! fifty-fifth Illinois, and the fiftv-fourth (Zouave) andseven-
! tv-firstOhio,commanded by Colonel Stuart of the fifty-tilth
\ Illinois; according to the strange accident (?) thatdunnjr the
! whole war has assigned Ohio teguments to tne command of
! Indiana or Ilhnois'generals, although Ohio has nearly as
many regiments a- both thos>e States put together, and under
which imangeinout all the pood fi'btuur hay been done by
those States, and all misconduct is chargeable to Ohio—at
least so ir ap'poais irom the way they talk.
We had been station'd to Lruaru the eroding of L,ick
Ci eek, on the Hamburg j oad, the k-^t <-t the division being
about Shiloh church, a mile oi more tooui right. Prentiss's
division had afterward moved between us and the remainder
of the division.
We had timely notice m the morning of the presence or
