1.862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
they believe we can put into execution. They
have no belief in our putting into execution the
idea of hanging two, three, or four hundred thou-
sand of them. It must be something-which they
believe is piacticable, capable of being- executed,
and from which they have apprehension. That
is what is needed.
Again: the same law which provides for that,
should pi ovide a mode by which the guilty* an be
punished in an exemplary manner, in a way prac-
ticable of being carried into effect. That is what
is needed, as well as to deal with the guilty, stub-
born, disobedient, incorrigible, on the one side, as
to protect those who become obedient, or subserv-
ient, or submissive, on the other.
With these views I now proceed to examine
somewhat the projects before us. The bill of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
which has been reported 1 believe by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, though I think he first
presented it himself, substantially declares that the
property, real andpersonal, of all people who shall
be in rebellion shall be forfeited or confiscated—I
may not use the words, but that is the substance—
and that forfeiture shall take effect from the time
the act was committed. It says that so much
property as is seized in the manner thereinafter
provided for, shall be taken by commissioners ap-
pointed by the President, and the way thereinafter
provided is that the President may appoint offi-
cers, civil or military, to take possession of this
property, sell, and dispose of it, and account to
the Treasury. That implies, of course, that you
have got possession of the country so that it can
be done. If you have possession of the country,
and can do that, you can just as well have courts
regularly administered, and there is no necessity
for resorting to this extraordinary means. But in
my view, when a thing is declaied forfeited by an
available law, though you direct the mode of pro-
ceeding by the President, all that he does not take
it is the business of the prosecuting attorney in
that St Up, whenever your laws are in full opera-
tion, to proceed against. He is to take measures
for the confiscation of the rest. It is all forfeited,
all confiscated. The proceedings to be taken with
it may depend on the condition of the country.
If you have military possession merely, you may
take what your Army can lay hold of, and when
that is through with, and you have government
established, you may take the rest. This, then,
amounts to taking possession of the whole of the
property as far as practicable, by the President,
and disposing of it, selling it, and delivering pos-
session, land, and all.
The amendment presented bjr the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, qualifies that in tlys, it says that
the property of certain classes named m it shall be
forfeited. The honorable Senator from Illinois
has told us, and very correctly no doubt, that the
people engaged in this rebellion, in point of fact,
own almost the whole of the slaves and all the
other property generally. The Senator from Ohio
tells us that the officers own all the property. That
is probably so.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend misunderstood
what I said. I said there were probably no pri-
vates in the army of the confederate States own-
ing slaves. I have no doubt that the great body
of slaves in the southern States are owned by peo-
ple who are quietly on their farms, but whose sons
perhaps are engaged in the rebel army. That is
probable.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am notfamiliar with that;
hut i supposed they did not let anybody stay at
home on his farm, but required every one to con-
tribute in some way to aid or assist the rebellion.
They do not suffer such people to be there. There
may be old men who cannot perform military duty,
but they must make their contribution, they must
aid and assist, give their countenance to the re-
bellion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The proposition offered by
me does not embrace persons who simply give aid
.and comfort, but only officers who aie actually
engaged in armed rebellion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was not aware that the
amendment made that distinction. It certainly
includes civil officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certain civil officers.
Mr. COLLAMER. And includes those who
have owed allegiance to this country and after-
wards abandoned it. That proposition will in-
clude the people who own slaves mainly. I have
no doubt the gentleman intended to include them.
Those who own the slaves also own the land gen-
erally and all other species of property. I look
upon the practical effect ofthese two propositions
as amounting to the same thing. Now let us look
at the effect for a moment. The way to test a
thing of this kind is, in some measure, to " try
it on."
A short time since, Mr. Cave Johnson was at
Clarksville, and he informed Commodore Foote
that the rebel army had gone away from Clarks-
ville and he had better come there and take the
town and take care of it. These people had all
been engaged in the army pretty much, but Com-
modore Foote came and took possession. The
people were in great consternation, not knowing
what would happen; and he published a card in-
forming them that if they remained in their houses
and attended to their ordinary business, and be-
haved themselves, they should be protected. When
General "Rtiell got to Nashville, he published a
proclamation to the same effect. Now, suppose
you pass this bill in this shape, and another city
which has been possessed by the enemy is aban-
doned or their soldiers are driven out of* it. The
people of that city have been almost entirely con-
cerned with the rebels and they come to our gen-
eral and say, u we aie satisfied that we cannot
continue this rebellion any more; we are willing
to submit; we want to know whether you will
protect us from wrong and violence." "What
do yon want to be protected in ?" " In our prop-
erty, in our families, in our houses, our resi-
dences." " You have got no houses, you have
no homes, you want to be protected in your prop-
erty; you have not got any property; the whole
of it was confiscated by Congress last week; and
we are here to sell it, dispose of it, and put the
purchasers into possession; you are all of you in
that condition." " Is that all that is left to us if
we become obedient to the laws?" " Yes, all ex-
cept to be shot; I do not know that there is any-
thing else; if you resist and go on , 1 do not know
how you will come out; but if you submit to us,
subject yourselves to our laws, that will be your
fate; and your slaves will be set at libeity; and
your six or rich t millions of people unhoused have
nothingand have nothing to buy it with." [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, Mi. President, it is beyond my oompic-
hension how the road to peace lies in such a path.
I am unable to s<je how peace can he attained by
any means of that kind. Oh, hut it is said we
must have some money, our people arc burdened
with taxes and debts and expenses and wemust
have something to repay them. I should like to
ask a man who talks in that way, how much he
thinks can be got out of it. What would you
give for a farm down in Tennessee or Georgia,
with the people swarnungaround you unhoused,
people believing themselves to be owners who
were outlawed and deprived of their property by
you* Why, sir, it would require two regiments
to take care of every plantation [Laughter.]
No man would give a dollar lor such a title. The
idea of realizing money in that way is to me as
idle as the idea of realizing peace in that way.
I come now, Mr. President, to talk more par-
ticularly in relation to another branch of this bill,
which rs not so obvious perhaps. It seems to me
thattheie is another purpose that is covered up by
this pietense of forfeiture or confiscation and pro-
ceedings in which have really nothing to do
with it. When wo arc communing together, and
talking freely, we may as well tell the truth ns
not. If cannot exactly recommend my example
in that respect, as the old gentleman did who told
his sons that honesty was the best policy? " be-
cause,"says he,"! have tiled it both ways."
[Laughter.] Now, the truth is, that there is a
large provision m this bill for the liberation of
slaves, and I am stiongly apprehensive that the
more particular fnends of tins lull regard that as
the bill. Without that, they would care nothing
about if. Many of them, I have no doubt, are
exactly in that condition. Are you going to have
these slaves seized as pn/e of war? There is no
provision of that kind, because you know that
what you declare prize of war must be seized dur-
ing the war; and if it is not, when the peace comes
it escapes, and you cannot take itatalL No; this
provision is made to declare all slavcstiee wnhuut
ever taking them. There is no caption ot them
required. "They are notdeclared prize of war, or
required to be proceeded with as such. How is
it, then ? They are regarded as property. I do
not mean to fail into any objectionable point on
that. I do not believe in having property in man
any more than anybody else; but certain it is that
the master, as he is called, is acknowledged by
the Constitution to have an interest in the labor
and service of his slave. There is an acknowl-
edged pecuniary interest there recognized. It is
a pecuniary interest. You propose to get rid of
that interest, clear it out, discharge it. Can you
do that by a proceeding in rem? I know we made
a law at the last session declaring that where slaves
were made the instruments of wrong by using
them for military purposes in aid of the rebellion,
they should be free, and that falls within the doc-
trine, within the principle, I have stated. But
nothing of that kind is here. It was not put here
purposely, because a proceeding in rem implies
that you have possession of the thing, and brought
it into court to be adjudicated upon. It is not
provided that these slaves are to be taken or
brought into any court, or in anyway adjudicated
upon. '"There is not any proceeding in rem re-
quired upon them, nor any other proceeding. If
that is not depriving a man of his interest in a
slave without any conviction of himself, and with-
out any process of law, and operating as a pun-
ishmenton him,and yetleaving him to be hanged,
I do not understand it. It seems to me to be all
that, every particle of it.
Again, Mr. President, we have individually,
and the Republican party as a party, thrown our
creed and articlesof political faith before the world.
We have subscribed to them, most of us person-
ally, individually at different stages, and I believe
it is not necessary for me to make any personal
professions about that. I am still very much in-
clined to abide by a plighted public faith, and by
private faith too. I cannot but observe that those
gentlemen who certainly have been distinguished
as much or more for their activity in relation to
the subject of slavery as for anything else, are
commuted to the creed of the Republican party
on this point. Take, for instance, the honorable
Senator liom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I
will lead his words. On offeunga certain memo-
nal, on the 25th of Februaiy, 1861, he said:
<- i offer this nicmojial, sir, because I deem Jt my duty to
offer all nienionaN that are leepeetful in form, when sent
to ine; but m ofteiin" it, I take tins occasion to declare,
most explicitly, that I do not think tiiat Congress has any
right to mteifeie with cjavery in a State."
I do not know that the gentleman has ever
spoken in any other way.
Mr. SUMNER. Never.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have never heard him
speak otherwise, and I have generally heard what
he had to say. I have been glad to find that this
somewhat eaily and uniform doctrine of our party
had not become outlawed by war, and hence I was
pleased to hear some Senatois who sit near me,
and whom I always hear with very great pleasure
and respect, make use of the expressions which I
am about to read. I will use their language as bet-
ter expressing the idea than any language 1 could
employ. The honorable Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessendun,] in the course of the (Jcbate
upon the bill for the abolition of slavery in this
District, said:
'• Mr. President, that the Republican party would lejoiee
to see slaveiy abolished eveiy where, that they would ic-
joiee il it no longer evicted, that they fee! it to he a blot
upon our f.m institutions, and a curse to the country, there
I* no doubt. I can aiiMvei, tor one, that has been my opin-
ion ulv\a\v, and I have e.\piessed it h^re and elsewhere;
but, Mr, I have held, and i hold to-day. >iud 1 -ay to-day,
what i have s-.ud in my place befoic, that the Congiess ot'
the United States, oi the people of the- United States
tinouirh the Coii'^revs, under the Constitution as it exists
now.have no right whatever to touch, by legislation, the
institution of slavety m the States where it eiists bj law.
I have said that, and I say it again, boldlv ; toi m\ position
never lias been imsundei^tood on this subied.'"
The honoiable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man-,] on the same occasion, said:
We ou«!it now to abolish slavery in (Ins Ihstuct. We
have the light, and it is our duty to do it; and if we bad
wasted less tune m doing it, it would piobabK be juntas
well. We ought, then, reh^iou.-ly to adheietothe piumtee^
we made to the people oi tub eountn when Mr. Lincoln
was elected Pt evident. We ought religiously to abstain fiom
ail inteiieieuee with the dome-aie institutions ol'tue '•lave
or the free States. We <>u<*ht to stand by the Constitution
a- it i-5, by the Tnion a- it i-.. Whether rebels; are in aim*
or not, oni dutv is to «.tand by our pledges', to btand by our
manhood ; and 3, for one, will do it.'3
If we make a law, intending it to be operative,
by which we declare that the slaves ot all en-
