1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
legal tender clause is strickcn out of the bill, you
will have every curbstone Jew broker in the coun-
try, the bulls and the bears of the stock exchange,
and the class of men who fatten upon public ca-
lamity and the wants and necessities of the people,
using all their influence to depreciate the credit of
this Government and break down the value of
these demand notes. Under such circumstances
and such influences these demand notes will be
depreciated, and the persons to whom we pay
them out, our soldiers in the field, the sailors upon
the decks of our vessels, the persons who have
furnished millions and tens of millions unpaid
goods for the use of our Army and Navy, will be
compelled to go into the market and submit to be
shaved by the brokers and money-changers of the
country. If we are to issue these demand notes
at all, let us stamp upon them this legal tender;
let us support their credit by taxation and by re-
ducing the expenditures of the Government in
every form down to the lowest possible rates.
Let us sustain them by proclaiming that we are
ever ready to put burdens upon the wealth of the
country; that we mean to uphold and sustain the
credit of the Government, and thus carry the coun-
try financially triumphantly through the contest
in which we are engaged.
But, sir, if the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont prevails, I shall move to strike outthe prop-
osition for $150,000,000 of demand notes, and I
shall vote to strike it out. If the legal tender clause
is not retained in the bill I shall vote against it
under any and all circumstances. If the legal
clause is retained in the bill, I'sTiall vote for the
bill cheerfully, and I shall vote for every measure
to sustain these notes by sustaining the credit and
good faith of the nation.
We are told that it will not do to interfere in
these private transactions. Sir, my opinion is to-
day that no class in this country have more in-
terest in this legal tender clause than the creditor
class of the community. You will find that your
manufacturers, your merchants, your men who
have their hundreds of millions trusted out in all
parts of the country, are for this measure, for it
is their protection and their interest. You will
find that, the families of your soldiers, who are to
receive a small pittance from the men who are
fighung the battles of your counuy 111 the field,
are in favor of stamping upon these notes the
words " legal tender;" so that when that little
pittance comes from the field to them, to support
them at home, they can use it to pay their neces-
sary debts, and support themselves without hav-
ing to go through the process of broker shavings.
I look upon this contest as a contest between
the curbstone brokers, the Jew brokers, the
money-changers, and the men who speculate in
stocks, and the productive, toiling men of the
country. I believe the sentiment of the nation
approaches unanimity in favor of this legal tender
clause. I have received several letters from my
own State on the subject; one a day or two ago,
signed by several large commercial houses, rep-
resenting millions of capital, and from others, and
they say to me that they do not know a merchant
in the city of Boston engaged in active business
who is not for this legal tender. The intelligence
I obtain from all portions of the country is to the
same effect. 1 shall, therefore, vote against strik-
ing out that clause. If it is retained, I shall vote
for the bill. If it is stricken out, I shall give my
vote against putting on the people, upon the sol-
diers of the country, $150,000,000 of demand
notes, and doing nothing to protect those upon
whom we impose this Government paper.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to qualify my amend-
ment. The view I entertained in making my first
motion, was to provide that they should not be
made a legal tender, compelled to be received either
for public or private debts, but only for debts due
the Government, and I made my first motion on
thatsround. Some gentlemen desired that I should
havcTit tried upon the question of private debts; but
I think,on the whole, I prefer to have my amend-
ment stand as I first moved it—that these notes
shall not be tenderahle upon any debts due by_ the
Government or by individuals. I am not familiar
with the alterations that we made in the bill last
evening,but I desire to strike out all after the words
"United States," m the twenty-first line of the
first section of the bill as it is printed, down to the
word " aforesaid" in the thirtieth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as it is now modified by the
mover.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And such notes herein authorized and the notes author-
ized by the act of July 17, 1861, thrill be receivable in pay-
ment of all public dues and demands of every description,
and of all claims and demands against the United States of
every kind whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin, and shall also be lawful
money and a legal tender in payment of all debts, public or
private, within the United States, except interest as afore-
said.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the words which have been
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the general
views of the Committee on Finance have been so
ably stated by its chairman, that it will not be
necessary for 'me to discuss the features of this
bill, upon which we agree. As it came from the
House it was evidently imperfect; but the amend-
ments adopted, on the recommendation of the
Committee on Finale, have so improved it as
materially to chang^ts character.
The motion of the Senator from Vermont now
for the first time presents to the Senate the only
question upon which the members of the Com-
mittee on Finance had any material difference of
opinion, and that is, whether the notes provided
for in this bill shall bo made a legal tender in pay-
ment of public and private debts. Upon this point
I will commence the argument where the Senator
from Maine left it.
He says he is not satisfied that this provision
is necessary, and until so satisfied, he will not
support it. He does not present the constitutional
question, but doubts whether it is necessary to
give these notes the sanction of a legal tender. I
agree that this measure can only be justified on
the ground of necessity. I do believe there is a
pressing necessity that these demand notes should
be made a legal tender if we want to avoid the
evilsof a depreciated, dishonored paper currency.
I do believe we have the constitutional power to
pass such a provision, and that the public safety
now demands its exercise. Is there such a ne-
cessity ?
In the first place, I will say, every organ of
financial opinion—if that is a correct expression —
m this country agrees that there issuch anecessity
in case we authorize the issue of demand notes.
You commence with the Secretary of the Treasury
who has given this subject the most ample con-
sideration. He declares not only in his official
communications here, but in his private inter-
course with the members of the committee, that
this clause is indispensably necessary to the secu-
rity and negotiability of these demand notes. We
all know from his antecedents, from his peculiar
opinions, that he would be probably the last man
among the leading politicians of our country to
yield to the necessity of substituting paper money
for coin. He has examined this question in all its
length and breadth. He is m a position where he
feels the necessity. He is a statesman of admitted
ability, and distinguished in his high position. He
informs us that without this clause the attempt to
circulate as money the proposed amount of de-
mand notes of the United States will prove a fatal
experiment.
In addition to his opinion we have the concur-
ring opinion of the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of New York. With almost entire unanim-
ity they have passed a resolution on the subject
after full debate and consideration. That resolu- !
tion has been read by your Secretary. You have j
also the opinion of tin' Committee on PublicSafety
of the City of New York, composed of distin- ,
guished gentlemen, nearly all of whom are good j
financiers, who agree fully in the same opinion, j
I may say the same in regaid to the Chambers of
CoinHIi:IOC of the city of Boston, of the city of
Philadelphia, and of almost every recognized or- 1
gan of financial opinion m this country. They I
have said to us in the most solemn form that this
measure was indispensably necessary to maintain j
the credit of the Government, and to keep these
notes anywhere near par. In addition, we have
the deliberate judgment and vote of the House of
Representatives. After a full debate, in which the
constitutionality, expediency, and necessity of
this measure were discussed, 111 which all the ob-
jections that have been made here and many more,
were urged, the House of Representatives, by a
large vote, declared that it was necessary to issue
demand notes, and that this clause was indispens-
able to their negotiation and credit. . - . ;
Now, Mr. President, I know very well that the
Senate is not governed by authority; nor shouM
it be. As a high political body, our opinions
ought not to be affected,entirely by the opinions
of others; butallow me to repeat whatis admitted
by all, that very few members of this body are
familiar with financial subjects. Very few of us
have been called upon to study such questions;
and therefore it is that when a question of this
kind is before the Senate, the opinion of men who
have devoted their lives to this subject ought to
be fairly considered. Upon the question of the
constitutionality of this measure the opinion of the
Senator from Vermont and other Senators around
me is worth much more than that of commercial
men; but upon the question of the necessity of
this measure, to give your demand notes nego-
tiability, security, value, in the money market,
their opinion is worth more than that of any in-
dividual Senator.
But I do not intend to rest here. I desire to
show the necessity of it from reason. We have
to raise and pay out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States before the 1st day of July next, accord-
ing to the estimate of the Committee of Ways and
Means, the sum of $343,235,000. Of this sum,
$100,000,000 is now due and payable to your sol-
diers, to contractors, to the men who nave fur-
nished provisions and clothing for your Army; to
your officers, your judges, and your civil magis-
trates. Where will you get this money? A ques-
tion of hard necessity presses you. We know
very well that this money cannot be obtained
of the banks. The banks, with a patriotic feel-
ing not usually attributed to money corporations,
which are supposed to have neither souls nor
bodies, have already exhausted their means. The
aggregate capital of the banks of the three prin-
cipal cities of the United States is but $105,000,000,
and they have taken more than their capital in the
bonds of the United States. It is, therefore, idle
to look to them for relief. They can lend you no
more money. You must look to other sources.
They have already tied up their whole capital in
your bonds. The men who have thus loaned you
money, and enabled you to carry on the war thus
far, are the very men who now beg you for this
measure of financial aid. They ask this currency
to enable them to assist you further in carrying
on the Government. Among others, the cashier
of the Bank of Commerce, the largest bank cor-
poration in the United States, and one that has
done much to sustain the Government, appeared
before the Committee on Finance, and stated ex-
plicitly that the Bank of Commerce, as well as
other banks of New York, could not further aid
the Government unless your proposed currency
was stamped by and invested with the legal form
and authority of lawful money, which they could
pay to others as well as receive themselves.
Another thing must be considered. We cannot
get this money by taxation for six months at least.
We are to pay out over three hundred millions
before next July with but small revenue. The
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives have already been two months in
framing a tax bill, and it is not yet framed. It
has to go through the ordeal of the House of Rep-
resentatives; it has to come here, and pass through
all the forms of legislation. If it should assume
the form of law by the 1st day of ^une next, it
will be as much as we can expect, so that it is
impossible to look to taxation for any portion of
this money.
I ask you, then, Mr. President, where will you
get the money ? You must borrow it. How will
you do it? The most direct way would be to put
your bonds, based upon the credit of the United
States, m the money markets of the world, and
sell them "for what they will bring. This has been
done by the most powerful Government in Eu-
rope. In the struggle of Great Britain with Napo-
leon that Power" sold ;£420,000,000 of securities
for =£260,000,000. She contracted a debt of .£173
! for every =£100 received by her. It was only by
; such sacrifices that she was able to cope with and'.
i eventually overcome her adversary. But even.
such enoimous sacrifices would not have produced
\ the money needed had she riot adopted a national
| currency of paper money—practically, if
j gaily, made a legal tender—and had not used this
:i currency as a medium of exchange with which
