1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
317111 CoN(;}- • ■ • 2d Sess- Commercial Relations with the British Provinces^-Mr. Pike.
Ho. op Reps.
1854 the American tffmiage was 121,105, and the
provincial 358,460, giving since then an increase
of American tonnage in this trade of 62,957 tons,
and an increase of provincial 116,591 tons, or
nearly two to one.
And in this connection I majf say a word about
the trade with the lower provinces, as they are
called. The Committee on Commerce have con-
fined their investigations to the Canadian trade,
and say in their report that it is quite probable
there are compensations for the injuries to our
trade with that province to be found in a profita-
ble trade with the maritime provinces. But it is
not so. It is quite true that they have not made
the efforts to injure our trade which we witness
in Canada, because their situation will not allow
them to do so. But when New Brunswick had
un opportunity to defraud us of our lights under
the Ashburton treaty by means of an export duty,
she did so promptly. 1 know of no reason for
supposing she will change her course in the fu-
ture.
The effect of the treaty in our intercourse with
these provinces has been to diminish our exports
to them, and increase very largely their sales to
us. I have not been able to obtain a comparative
statement of the Nova Scotia trade, but I have a
statement of that with New Brunswick for a. se-
ries of years. Their commercial year coincides
with the natural. The reciprocity treaty went into
effect in New Brunswick, November 1Q, 1854, so
that 1855 was the first full year under the treaty.
Table showing the trade between, the United States and New
Brunswick, reckoned in sterling.
Exports. Imports.
1853  £o74,070 £L<2i.8o8
1&>4  /1V3UI 97;iWU
1835  7S2,'760 IQ3,1<}7
185 6  714.5!.") IYAA&5
185 7  0-28,510 158,697
185 8  0(34.24.3 I6«VU-
185 9  075,095 233,011
186 0  088,217 218,37S
I call attention to this table, but I cannot dwell
apon it. it explains itself* It exhibits a losing
trade on our part, and an increasing one for the
province. And one half the value of this import
of about thirteen hundred thousand dollars was m
various kinds of wood that came in competition
with similar productions of Maine.
The thud cause I spoke of as inducing the treaty
was the navigation of the St. Lawrence. How
valuable this has been we learn from a single fact.
It has been ascertained that for six yf.ars of the
operation of the treaty only forty American ves-
sels passed seaward through the St. Lawrencc,
and of these less than one half ever returned. A
portion of this number of vessels were steamboats
thrown out of employ on the lakes by the com-*
petition of railroads. The free navigation of the
St. Lawrence was valuable m theory as affording
an outlet for the States of the Northwest, but in
practice it is found that canals and uuiroads have
rendered it entirely worthless.
Of the political aspect of the treaty I wish to say
but a word. It is not worth while to waste time
upon thefree-trade theories ofwhichI have spoken,
but the failure of the treaty to fraternize our neigh-
bors is so marked that I cannot help adverting to
it. We have had during the year a full develop-
ment of " the era of good feeling" we were prom-
ised, and it comports well with the other expecta-
f tions formed from the workings of this treaty.
You are familiar with the tone of the Canadian
press; the New York papers have fully reported
it. But you may not be aware that the maritime
provinces tferc equally bitter.
In New Brunswick but one of the numerous
political papers stood out for fair play and no in-
terference in behalfof theSouth, and ihatone was
mobbed and us type thrown into the street. An
American eouldscarcely travel on theirsteamboats
or visit their hotels and mingle with their people,
and escape jeers and insults. I had prepared ex-
tracts from their leading press to veufy my state-
ment, but the limits of the hour exclude them.
Prominent among them was a newspaper edited
by a leading citizen of St. John, who was active
in initiating this treaty, and has since 1854 held
the profitable office of commissioner under it. The
last, newspapers I have seen were earnest for the
interference of France and England in favor of
the South, and cautioned their readers not to credit
the account of Union victories, because the tel-
egraph and press were under the control of the
Federal Government.
Nova Scotia was still more hostile. She com-
menced at once to trade with the confederacy,
and sent her vessels, loaded with fish, to run the
blockade. She is represented by Mr. Howe, who
for years has had preeminence in her councils.
As the province has been liberal, so Mr. Howe
has been liberal, and heretofore on our side of the
lines he has played the iole of a Democrat, be-
cause that style suited his Nova Scotia constitu-
ency. But Mr. Howe is prompt in snuffing the
popular breeze. The showman exhibiting the
pantomime of Rip Van Winkle, when he comes
to the period in the life of the celebrated sleeper
where he wakes from his slumber in the mount-
ains and comes back to his native village, and,
unaware of the changes that have occuncd dur-
ing his long absence, proposes to the ragamuffin
crowd around him three cheers for King George,
and in return is greeted with a shower of slonus—
when he comes to this point the showman naively
remarks that public speakers should be taught by
this " to ascertain the tenets of their auditory be-
fore expressing their own opinions." Mr. Howe
early learned the lesson, and makes no such
blunders. I lead an extract from a speech made
by him in December last at Manchester, England,
where he had gone on public business, because, in
Mr. Howe's opinion—and 1 know no better judge
—he was expressing the feelings of Nova Scotia:
" tn America England and her flan were m bad odor.
Evciy 4 th of July, ttie day on winch they declined their in-
dependence, tliey read the bill of indictment against the old
count i> , called the Bill of Independence, winch was- full «r
the grievances of the period, ;uid ihoiwimK weie excited to
believe that eveiything thai vva.s Uue of England a century
ago waa u ue now.
'• Now , thev—tin* inhabitants of British North America—
wished the South Miece^s will) all their bean-, and souls.'1
* * * "* k' From ttie bottom oi Ins-oul. supposing
ISngl.tnd hold her hand, ho did not believe the Norm could
oveirun and eoiniuei the Souih. buppoj-ingany uvuol them
wei('tosi;ouldei-theii muskets and march hom i lit; horTler*
of M.i me down to t,he cud of Texas, he believed ih'-y would
be dead men before they goi (here,even iflhere wasnoene-
mytofighl." * * * * " .SuppoMiig, however,
the southern States weie overrun, northerncr- would re-
quire vvhai Sain SlieU willed a phico a- big .is all out doois
to keep the southerners in. Like the boy's nose, ihat had
been wiped over and over again, but would not stay wiped,
they would have 10 thras.il the Mmilieineis over and over
a«am, but they would not -.lav Una-died." * * A *
u For the good, therefore, ol the northern States, that they
might heieatter be ptospcious and poweitul and u-eful to
the woild, the wisct-t thing they could have done when the
southern States deelajcd their independence, would have
been to have said, go and fiame institutions for yourselves.
" lie (Mr. Howe) was Hughs!) on both side* of the house,
and they might well imagine how thejrieception that night
atfueted him.
"They read in the northern papers that the southerners
wure a beggarly parcel ot rascals, with no pluck, no courage,
no patiiotibm; but, notwithstanding tin*, every time they
fought the South licked ihem." *■**•* "They
had nothing to do Irom year's end to year's end but to t ul<>
about and shoot, and that was what they were doing now.
[laughter.] the only difference being that, instead ol shoot-
ing squiiieh, deci, and raccoon-., ihej were hhuotmg Yan-
kees! [Laughter and eht;m-> ]*'
I will not take up the time of the Hou^e in
details of the opinions of the other maritime prov-
inces. They are smaller, and their hostility equally
strong. Descendants of the refugees of our rev-
olutionary times hold leading phues in all these
provinces, and for many long years have " nursed
their wrath" against our political institutions,
until now, when it was supposed opportunity fa-
vored our destruction, these men crawl out Irom
under the gloss of complacency, assumed in then-
long and profitable intercourse with us, and when-
ever and wherever the utterance of hatred can in-
jure us and help the enemy, there is to be found
us most infenso expression.
But they will wait some time longer before they
can realize their hopes of a great provincial mu-
rine which shall be consequent upon the destruc-
tion of our Government. Thank God, their ma-
lignant prophecies will not be fulfilled m the life-
time of this generation; we shall live yet to teach
them and the mother country that
" Power in all its pride is lea3 than justice."
Thus, sir, I have demonstrated that the treaty
has failed in everything it undertook to do. A
few words as to the future and I have done.
I concur with Mr. Hatch that the tricks of the
provinces relative to our intercourse with them
under the treaty, fully justify us in declaring it
void, "A broken treaty is no treaty." But what
then ?
The Committee on Commerce recommend the
appointment of a commission looking to the ar-
rangement of terms of unlimited intercourse with
them, and instance the German Zoll-Verein as a
model for our imitation.
But, sir, it is an absurdity to talk of a Zoli-
Verein with the provinces as provinces. Mr.
Gait, in his report, staters it nota whit too strongly
when he says it is " wholly inconsistent with
the maintenance of their connection with"Great
Britain." And as in general ftec trade with us,
and it with us, ot course with England and the
rest of the world, it is sufficient to say, that the
provinces need revenue, and while the men who
manage their ajlairs find it so much easier to raise
it through the custom-house than to assess direct
taxes, they will not hazard Iheir position and in-
fluence by countenancinga change. Canada gets
$4,500,000 annually by meang of a tariff, and New
Jir unswiek some $600,000, and these sums will not
be assessed upon those provinces as our States
assess their populations. We may look upon
this as an established fact.
And we too need revenue; we arc entering upon
an era ol taxation. The peoplcof the provinces,
ceasing to be customers, have come to be rivals.
Om own policy has created the rivalry. They are
increasing inpidly. Canada, in the last decade,
increased thirty-six pur cent.; New England but
fifteen; New Yoik fwonty-five; Ohioeighleen; and
Pennsylvania twenty-six. They number now
considerably mom than we did when we com-
menced our national career. We cannot afford to
lose the large revenue wo should derive from their
productions, nor can onr fnrmets and mechan-
ics afford to pay the large taxes which shall be
assessed upon ihein in the futuie, and contest
for maikets with people comparatively free of
taxation. Notwithstanding the d«>hts these prov-
inces have foolishly incurred, ihey are still lightly
taxed. Where they pay one dollar of direct and
indirect tax, we shall pay three; we run the lace
with them, carrying \v< ight. The western wheat-
grnwer can get no advantage of Canada West in
soil or climate, and he will pioduee under n bur-
den of taxation that the Canadian rsi apes. It is
but lair thatthe Canadian pioducer, who has the
benefit of our market, should pay the same as our
own producer does to sustain them. They should
not get all the advantages and bear none of the
burdens.
Upon these terms it will be easy to arrange a
true reciprocity. Let there be a free exchange of
products, bearing such light tax as will be equiv-
alent to the internal impost we assens upon our
own productions. It will be cheaper for both
countries to collect their revenues in this way than
by means of tin- machinery we are about to create.
As to the fisheries, I would fall back upon the
rights recognized in the treaty of 1783, and fool-
ishly yn-ld- d by the convention of 1818. These
fisheues w< re secured by the outlay of the com-
mon treasure of all the colonies prior to our Rev-
olution, and defended more than once by the hero-
ism of soldiers and sailors of colonies that after-
wards became States of this Union, i would
defend what our fathers fought forand bequeathed
to us. I know that it is said that at the time of
the formation of this treaty there was great dan-
ger of collision, and that two ships of war had
sailed for (he fishing grounds with conflicting in-
strucrionsfrom theirrespectiveGovernments. But
strcly no fears born of past threats need disturb
our equanimity. AVhen we have disposed of the
principals in this rebellion, we can then turn our
attention to the accessories. We shall demand
our rights with confidence,and they will be yielded
to us. Or, if otherwise,
" Shall we resign
Our hopes, renounce our rights, forget our wrongs,
Because an impotent hp beneath a crown
Criuij,' J3e it bo?' "
No, sir, no. With no disposition to play the
braggatt, or indulge in idle boastings, wc may yet
say with confidence, that the powers of this Gov-
ernment, now happily rescuing itself from the
efforts of the formidable conspiracy which threat-
ened its existence, are ample to protect the tights
of all its citizens, howeverhumble. We shall soon
have conquered our domestic foes, and in doing
