1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
gaged in this rebellion, or of all the officers and
classes mentioned in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio are free, and all right over them
abolished, do you believe, does any man of com-
mon sense believe, that you can make the world
understand that we have not interfered with sla-
very in the States, and not to a very limited ex-
tent either, but to about the whole extent to which
it exists? All remarks, however ingenious, and
all sophistry, however plausible, which can make
this look any otherwise, is but a delusion. It
cannot be seen in any other light. This is not
put on the ground that it is a military operation,
not on the ground of proceedings in rem, not that
it deprives a man of his property and yet leaves
him to be hung, not upon any conviction, not
upon any process of law whatever, except this
law which we now make.
It seems to me, obtuse as I am,perhaps,in my
perceptions, that that is directly interfering with
this plighted faith; and it seems to me, further,
that it is in direct violation of the provisions, pro-
hibitions, and securities which the Constitution
enacts. I, for one, will notdo it. I do not regard
myself as needing any apology for not doing it.
I do not think my people wish mc to contribute
to breaking any provision of the Constitution, and
they know 1 would not do it if they did wish it;
nor do they need any apologies from me for re-
garding the oath 1 have taken.
But, sir, if wc had this power, allow me to
make a single remark as to the policy of it m aid-
ing to put Sown the rebellion. You propose to
say to the officers," your property is confiscated,"
and to the soldiers,44 you may proceed with im-
punity; if you do not succeed you shall not be
punished. Is it not saying,now, you officers,
fight on to save yourselves; and soldiers, you may
follow your officers as far as you can; for, after
all, if you do not succeed, you are not going to
lose any thing," Really that does not seem to be
very good policy. The same treatment is pro-
posed in regard to slaves. The slaves are now in
the possession and control of their masters, ex-
cept so far as our Army goes. If they try to get
away, especially if they are at any considerable
distance from our armies, their masters will not
allow them do it. Of course, the masters? are not
going to let them get away to join us to shoot
them: they will stop them; perhaps kill them in
the attempt. If wo knew people were going from
us to join the enemy and light us, we should not
let them go. Neither do they. Now, by tins bill,
• we say to these slaves, if they arc ever to learn
what we do at alt—and if they do not, it can have
no effect—" you need not run any risk about of-
fending your master; peihaps your master will
succeed m the rebellion; and you will sutler pretty
hard if you undertake to run away and he catches
you; you may remain quietly with your master,
and not incur the hazard of his displeasure or
punishment; but if, after all, your master does
not succeed, you shall be free, whether you help
us or not." Is that good policy? That is the bill.
It does not seem to me to be a very wise means
to the end, if such an end is had in view, as I
suppose.
i will now call the attention of the Senate to the
bill which I have submitted as an amendment. It
is printed, but I have made some little alterations
in the copy left on the table. In the firstplace,in
order to enable the President to have in his hands
an opportunity to offer some objects and advan-
tages and purposes to that people, 1 have taken
this course: in the first section of my bill, I pro-
vide that the punishment for treason upon con-
viction may be death, or, in the disctetiun of the
court, it may be fine and impnsonment. That
fine is limited to be not less than $10,000, and the i
imprisonment to be not less than live years. The
maximum I have left to the discretion of the com t.
I intended that the fine in the power of the couit
to lay should be such as was adapted to the man's
means, and 1 would put the fine large enough to
strip any man who was incorrigible. °
I further provide that the effect of the convic-
tion shall be that he shall be incapable of holding ,
any office under the Government, rmd that his |
slaves shall be free, and that this fine shall be levied :
and collected out of any prop^ity lie possessed at i
the time the act was committed. I am free to ac- '
knowledge one purpose that 1 had in this provi- 1
sion. Much has been said about the subject of I
the forfeiture of a man's estate beyond his life. I '
do not choose to discuss that; I do not desire that
we should be involved m it. What is forfeiture?
It is the taking of some specific thing, as all the
visible property a man now possesses—his farm,
his horse, his ship. That is a visible, material
identity that is forfeited. A fine has no such qual-
ity. A fine is but the mulcting of the respondent
in a sum of money. If he pays it, well; if he does
not pay it, you may levy and collect it out of his
property. I have created no forfeiture by my bill.
The act creates none, but it enables the courts
to levy and collect the fine out of the convicted
traitor's property. I involve no question as to
whether you can create a forfeiture of anything
beyond his life or during his life. It is no- for-
feiture whatever. I avoid that question altogether.
It is next provided in my bill that, m order to
meet this, the President shall have power to take
possession of the property of a person thus en-
gaged, wherever situated in the United States,
real and personal, to sequester it to meet this fine,
to be holden until the man is tried, sooner or later.
Having done this, I propose in the next section
that the President shall be authorized to issue his
proclamation offering indemnity and pardon to
the people, with such exceptions and upon such
conditions and at such times as he shall point out.
Suppose wo take possession of a State, and the
people remain; the President issues a proclama-
tion to the people, saying to them,4'I have ap-
pointed officers; and now if you will within sixty
days, all of you, except Jefferson Davis, Robert
Toombs," or their generals—what exceptions he
thinks the public safety requires should be con-
dignly punished—44 with these exceptions, if you
will come in to the officers I have appointed, and
take your oath of allegiance, I give to you am-
nesty and pardon." He has something to offer
then.
Pass such a bill, and they see by it that they
are subject to be fined and stripped as well as
imprisoned, and to save themselves and families
from that they would do what they would not do
to escape hanging, which they know will never
be administered. You can hold out to them some
purpose, some object, some ad vantage, and in my
opinion the great body of the people not excepted
would at once avail themselves of the offer. If
you take off the piessure of their armies from
them, if you relieve them of those armies that are
riding over them, of the incubus that is resting
down on them,and give them the opportunity of
loyalty and allegiance, you will have it, I have
no doubt; but 1 piopose to have the punishment
lemail) in force, capable of being executed on all
those who are so bad as to be excepted out of the
proclamation of amnesty, or so obstinate that they
will not submit. That it seems to me will be Un-
practical effect. It will have to be carried into
execution after possession is had of the country,
after the proper discriminations can be made, after
our authorities have looked around amongst the
people and seen who it is that needs to be pun-
ished, and who are those whom the safety of the
public would permit to be admitted to their loy-
alty and allegiance. You cannot make that dis-
tinction by classes now and here before the thing
happens, as is attempted to be done by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio. Heeays by his amend-
ment that the President may extend an amnesty,
if he pleases, to any of the classes named. Why,
sir, that is not what is wanted. You cannot make
the discrimination now. There may be men as
good as Matthew Hale who have actually taken
and hold offices under that de facto government,
and who, the gentleman fiom Ohio would have
no more desire to hang or to strip than Charles
II had to hang Chief Justice Hale. These dis-
criminations can only 4)e made when the means
and opportunity for information exist.
I can conceive that there may be found some
parts of the United States, some sections perhaps
in South Carolina, where the people would never
submit. 1 have no idea that any very great suc-
cess, in the way of submission and restoration of
the Government, will take place successfully in
Tennessee, so long as there is a rebel army down
i there in the neighboihood to which the people
look either with hope or apprehension. If there
is an army of rebels m the vicinity, which partof
them behove is to come back to relieve them, or
part of them believe will setback to punish them,
you can easily see what will be the result. The
armed rebellion must be suppressed utterly, and
then means like these may be operative; but, sir,
suppose you come to a people that will not sub-
mit. That may happen, and hence I have in-
serted a section looking to such an extremity, au-
thorizing the President, if he finds it necessary in
order to bring the war to a close, that is, if it be-
comes a military necessity, to issue a proclama-
tion to the people, fixing a day, and saying to
them, " If any of youare engaged in this rebellion
after that day,your slavesshallallbefree." That
is to give fair notice, and that may produce an
effect. You have it in your hands as the means
of reconciliation.
I cannot but further remark, Mr. President,
that in all these bills declaring all the slaves of
these people free, no pardon or amnesty that the
Executive would have power to render could ever
restore them to bondage. If the law, as it declares,
makes them free when the owners are guilty of
being in arms against us, they are freo ipsofaclo,
and they are free from that moment. The par-
don or amnesty to those people mentioned in the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio could not
restore their slaves to bondage. That part of that
bill is framed with a view to the freedom of the
slaves absolutely, without process, without law,
without proceedings in personam or in rem, and
without the possibility of reenslavement; and yet
we are told this is not interfering with slavery.
I have but one other section in my bill which I
have copied from others, and that is one which 1
regard as nothing but an addition to the fugitive
slave law. It provides that when men undertake
to pursue then* slaves, they shall, in order to give
them status in court, show that they have been
loyal in this rebellion. I have no objection to that
as a part, an addition, an amendment, of the fugi-
tive slave law. That ends my bill, sir, and I have
no more to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment, by way of perfecting the
original bill, moved by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to make a single
remark in explanation of the course that I shall
pursue. The original bill, and every amendment
to that bill, proposes in some shape or form to set
slaves free. I do not intend to vote for any bill
with any such provision in it. Although I might
prefer some of the amendments offered to the
original bill, yet, inasmuch as they contain that
same principle—the principle of abolition—I shall
neither vote for the original bill, nor any amend-
ment that may be offered to it.
Mr. HOWARD. Permitmeto inquire of the
Senator from Ohio whether the amendment upon
which we are now to vote is the same one which
he offered yesterday morningto the original bill—
I think the first section of the original bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the same amendment
which the Senator read before it was offered.
Mr. HOWARD. And it applies to the original
bill, and not to the substitute offered by my friend
from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
stated on stating the question that the question
now pending, on which the Senator called a vote,
is the amendmentmoved by the Senator from Ohio
by wav of perfecting the original bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I beg to say, that as
tlnsansweis the same purpose as the proposed
amendment to which 1 referred in the remarks
which I had the honor to address to the Senate a
few days ago, I shall not offer any amendment
myself, but accept that of my friend from Ohio as
entirely satisfactory to me.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask a question for inform-
ation. If the Senate should adopt a substitute
for the original bill, would it be afterwards in order
to offer another substitute to that substitute?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not
then be in order. While the substitute of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the original bill is pending, it
will be in order to move an amendment to that
amendment in the form of a substitute for a sub-
stitute. The question now is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Ohio to the original
bill, by way of perfecting it.
Mr. COLLAMEIi. Then if the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw his substitute I will offer
mine. However, he may do just as he pleases
about that.
