790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
she facilitated thepayment of taxes and the ne-
gotiation of loans. You are compelled by your
necessities to pursue the same course. It is not
claimed by any one that these demand notes will
satisfy your wants. You here provide only for
$100,600,000, and have yet large sums to provide
for. ^ After these notes are exhausted we must sell
the bonds of the United States.
But suppose you put the bonds now on the mar-
ket, what will they bring? It is said to us by the
leading financiers of this country, whose opinions
are entitled to respect, whose patriotism cannot
be questioned, that these bonds, if now forced upon
the market in large quantities, would be depre-
ciated to something like sixty cents on the dollar;
and why ? Hot because financiers do not consider
them good, not because any one doubts that they
will be paid eventually, but because there is no
money with which to buy them. By the laws of
the United States, the Secretary of the Treasury
can receive nothing inpayment for bonds but gold
and silver coin. Where will the pui chaser of your
bonds get the gold and silver coin? It is "now
driven out of circulation. There is no such thing
as gold and silver coin circulating in the country
to any large amount. It is stowed away. The
"very moment the banks suspended in the city of
Hew York, that moment gold and silver ceased to
be the circulating medium of this country. There
is not now in active circulation near enough gold
to pay your existing debt. It is therefore clear
you cannot sell your bonds for gold and silver
under existing circumstances. If any man, how-
ever patriotic, desired to purchase your bonds, he
couU not pay you in the only coin that you dare
take, because lie cannot get it. He must go to a
broker first and buy the gold before he can find a
medium of exchange with which he can legally
pay you for your bonds.
It may be said, and I know the Senator from
Khode island said he had a short remedy for this
difficulty. He would repeal the sub-Treasury
law, and receive the paper money of the banks.
In other words, you would at once install as your
national currency, as your standard of-values, the
inflated currency of all the local banks in the
United States; bunks over which you have no con-
trol, which you cannot regulate or govern in the
slightest degree. You would have, then, the cir-
culation of these banks substitu tedin place of gold;
and what would be the effect? Suppose you re-
ceived paper money issued by banks in every
State, by banks that would have every induce-
ment to inflate, because they do not pretend to pay
specie; suppose you received such paper money
for your bonds, and paid out such money to your
soldiers, how long would it bo before we should
have all the evils of an inflated currency, of an
irredeemable currency of the worst diameter, and
in the most dangerous form ?
It is easy to criticise this bill. I dislike to vole
for it. 1 prefer gold to paper money; buttheieis
no other resort. We must have money or a frac-
tured Government. If Senators ran show me how
they can raise money except in the way proposed
I will join them in denouncing paper money. I
listened with great attention to the remarks made
by the Senator from Vermont; but when he got
through, I should have been «lad to have him in-
form me, if we cannot issue these demand notes,
what shall we do? Shall we surrender the Gov-
ernment; shfi.ll we refuse to pay our soldiers; shall
we refuse to pay our contractors ? No, Mr. Pres-
ident, youhaveagrecd to pay yourdebts in money.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance gave
us a very handsome lecture; a very able discoui se
upon the importance of preset ving the publicfaiih;
and he desired to impress upon us—and did im-
press upon me—the necessity of not affecting the
obligation of contracts. We must^ot in any
emergency, under any stress of circumstances,
affect the obligation of contracts between private
individuals. Did that Senator overlook the first
contract, the contract between the Government
and the soldier, the Government and the men who
feed and clothe your armies? We must pay the
soldier in money; we must pay the contractor in
money. There isa contract, an obligation between
the contractor and the soldier and the Govern-
ment that must be observed. The same obliga-
tion of good faith rests upon us to pay every dol-
lar that is due from us to our own creditors, as
well as not to impair the obligation of contracts
between others. How can you do it? I have
shown thatyou cannotdoit in gold; I haveshown
that you ought not to do it in the inflated paper
money of the country; how else can you do it?
There is no other way, except to issue to your
creditor the note of the United States, in such
form, with such sanctions, as will enable him to
use it as money. If we can believe the testimony
of others and the light of reason, the only way we
can do this is by stamping them with the same
national sanction with which you stamp yourgold
and silver com.
Having thus stated the necessity of this meas-
ure, 1 must consider our constitutional power to
pass it The Senator from Vermont, whose opin-
ion is certainly entitled to the highest considera-
tion, and who supports it with an able argument,
contends that this measure is unconstitutional. I
confess if I did not feel its necessity 1 would shield
myself behind his conviction and vote against it.
But, sir, the more I reflect upon the subject the
more I am convinced that Congress can authoiize
the issue of paper money stamped as a national
currency as a medium of exchange. Such a cur-
lency is a necessary and proper means to enable
the national Government to exercise its expressly
delegated power to borrow money, to regulate
commerce, to support armies and navies. It may
be a power subject to abuse; it may be a danger-
ous power, only to be resorted to in extieme cases;
but when I am convinced its exercise is necessary
and proper to enable Congress to exccute its high
powers, I cannot shrink from assuming my share
of the responsibility.
The Senator from Vermont has read extracts
from the debates in the national convention and
from Story's Commentaiies, tending to show that
Connies* cannot authorize the issue of bills of
credit. But 1 submit to him that this question has
been settled by the practice of the Government.
We issued such bills during the war of 1812, dur-
ing the war with Mexico, and at the recent session
of Congress. We receive them now for our ser-
vices; we pay them to our soldiers and our cred-
itors. These notes arc payable to bearer; they
pasy from hand to hand as curiency; they bear no
interest. If the argument of that Senator is true,
then all these notes are unauthorized. The Sen-
ator admits that when we owe a debt and cannot
pay it wo can issue a note. I3ut where does he
find the power to issue a note in the Constitution?
Where does he find the power to prescribe the terms
of the note, to make it transferable, receivable for
public dues ? lie draws all these powets a« inci-
dents to the power to borrow money. According
to his argument, when we pay a soldier a ten dol-
lar demand bill wo borrow ten dollars from the
soldier; when 1 apply to the Secretary of the Sen-
ate for a month's pay, 1 loan the United States
$050. This certainly is not the view we take of it
when we loceivc the money. On the other hand,
we iceognize the fact that the Government cannot
pay us 111 gold. We receive notes as money. The
Uo'vemment ought to gi\e and has the power to
give to that money all the {sanction, authority,
value, neces^ai y and proper to enable it to borrow
money. The power to fix the standard of money,
to regulate the medium of exchange's, must neces-
sarily go with, and be incident to, the power to reg-
ulate commerce, to borrow money, to coin money,
to maintain armies and navies. All these high
poweis arc expressly prohibited to the States, and
also the incidental power to emit bills of credit
and to make anything but gold and silver a legal
tender.
But Congress is expressly invested with all
these high powers, and, to lenrnvc all doubt, is
expiessly authorized to use all necessary and
proper means to cany these powers into effect.
Congress is not piohibited from emitting bills of
credit or from making a standard of value, nor arc
these powers expressly conferied. Congress has
repeatedly issued bills of credit; it has fixed gold
and silver as the standard of value, and made them
a legal tender. Certainly gold and silver com is
the best standard of value, for it has inherent value
in nil commercial countries; but if, in the course
of events, gold and silver cannot be had in quan-
tities sufficient to form a medium of exchange for
the increased wants of the country, then Congress
may establish another medium of exchange—
another standard of value. This was twice done
by establishing a Bank of the United States. I
much prefer the credit of the United States, based,
as it is, upon all the productions and property of
the United States, to the issues of any corpora-
tion, however well guarded and managed.
The Senator from Vermont says that we may
issue our notes, and of course our creditor must
take them; but we mustnotmake his creditor take
them—the loss must fall entiiely upon our cred-
itor. 1 have shown that by yielding the power
to issue a note at all, and especially to issue a note
payable to bearer without interest, he has yielded
his constitutional argument. But, I ask, is not
his proposition manifestly unjust? He will com-
pel our immediate creditor to take the note or get
nothing. It is amoral compulsion, it is true, but
it is effectual. It is that or nothing. If we can
compel one citizen to take this paper money, why
not another and another? Is it any less the vio-
lation of contract in the one case than in another?
Do not all citizens hold their property subject to
our unlimited power of taxation ? Do not all share
in the blessings of Government, and should notall
share in its burdens ? Shall wo inflict a loss only
on those who trust—labor for the Government;
and relieve the selfish, avaricious, idle, unpatriotic
citizen, who will neither fight for, lend to, or aid
the Government? Sir, to make all these share in
the burden of the war, and to relieve those who
risk life and property in its defense, I would waive
a constitutional doubt.
But, sir, the Senator from Maine, as well as the
Senator from Vermont, alleges that it is unjust to
insert the legal tender clause, because it will im-
pair the obligation of contracts. He says, if a
man holds my ftote for £1,000, it is unjust for
Congress to pass a law that will enable him to
pay it with less. I confess that it would be unjust
and unconstitutional for Congress to compel him
to take a less sum of money. But Congress every
day passes laws that affect the value of property,
and of money, and therefore incidentally the value
of contracts. The other day the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] introduced a bill to establish
a street railroad in the city of Washington. We
were all m favor of it; but did any Senator dream
that by doing that, he was impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts, and yet we affected the value of
the omnibuses that now run on the streets of
Washington? Every act that you pass, almost
every event in our political history now, impairs
the value of property. Although it may not
change the terms of a contract, Congiess every
day changes the value of money, the value of
propei ty.
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]
has been distinguished for urging forward the
homestead bill; and yet everybody knows that
the effect of the passage of that bill would be to
change largely the value of one class of property,
j The Senator from Iowa owns a large amount of
! wild land in the West. If that bill should pass,
j this land will be worth fifty per cent, less than it
' is now. He may have sold some of that land to
; another at high prices, but we know very well
that if the homestead bill passes, it might prevent
j! the purchaser of that land from paying for it. It
ij might almost destiny the value of his purchase,
■i and yet we never stop for considerations of this
Ij kind. I submit, therefore, that the argument of
injustice to creditors should not defeat tins meas-
uie.
On the other hand, Mr. President, I believe that
if we fail to pass this bill, in the present critical
condition of public affairs, we do gross injustice
to our public creditors. Lotus look for a moment
I at the practical elfect of it. If you now issue-to
[ your creditors paper money which has no sanc-
i tion, which every man may refuse to take, what
| will be the result? In every bank in the United
; States it will at once be rejected, not because the
: banks are not patriotic, but because they cannot
afford to take it. 1 have here a letter from a banker
\\ in New Yoik,addiessed to the honorable Senator
j| from Maine, in which the writer states:
II "Myacquaintance with that cla'-s of men [banker]here
l! b quite extensive, ond the view of all, almost without ex-
ception, is that it will be fatal to pass the bill without iuak-
i; ing the notes a legal tender. Views differ vudely as to the
'' expediency of this mode of meeting the present wants of
the Tieasairy. Though J think a laree m.ijonty aie opposed
in theory to the use by the Government of a huge amount
of demand notes, they aie nevmhele?s paiBfied that this is
the lea&t of scveial evils which threaten ; but alL however
ditieung upon the oiigiiml question, unite upon this, that it
we have the notes, we must have the benetit of a provision
that they shall be a legal tender m payment of debts. This,
I know, is the opinion of a number of persons."
He proceeds to name them; but I will not name
