2772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
the enemy, and. In the absence of orders, took position near
the ford; about a half mile east of our camps; after several
changes to our position, the seventy-first was finally lo-
cated on the road io the leltof the camps of the fifty-filth
Illinois, and the other regiments about a third of a mile to
our left. In our front was an open field three or four hun-
dred yards wide, running to the creek. Presently we could
see the enemy coming into position on the other side, regi-
ment after regiment filing by, and then a battery planted
directly in front of us om the south bank of the creek. Col-
onel Stuart passing just then, I said to him that we were
going to be attacked in superior force, and that we were on
ground that could not be held, for we had no cover what-
ever, and no artillery to reply to theirs. Alter a moment's
conversation, in which no expi ess order was given, he rode
off to join theother regiments. Presently the enemy's artil-
lery opened, their first shell bursting lugh over our heads.
At every fire they depressed their pieces, and were obtain-
ing our range* when the men fell back below the hill, first
delivering two or three volleys at the regiments of mtantry
approaching in front. Behind us was a comparatively gen-
tie descent to a little spring branch, and on the other side
a'steep bankerowned with large timber, with but littleun-
derbrush, and again falling into a ravwie behind, having a
sharp-ridge along its summit, with several large logs.
This was about two hundred and fifty yards, r should
judge, from and parallel to our position on the road, and
struck me as au unusually strong natural position. I had
been often over the ground, and was familiar with its ca-
pacity for defense, and could have scarcely contrived any-
thing more entirely satisfactory. Here the men formed
steadily and quietly in position, and awaited the piogress
of events. Three companies, B, E, and K, had been before
detached as skirmishers. Our sick, over two hundred in
number, had been sent to the rear before leaving camp—
nearly all of the lcmainder of the regiment were now in line;
not more, I think, than a fair average having disappeared on
general principles. Presentlv, on our old position on the
road, appeared one or more regiments, and a couple of reg-
iments came marching, splendidly, in line from the right,
and took up their position at right angles to the force in the
road, their left flank directly towards us, and only about a
hundred yards from us. I do not think they knew of our
whereabouts. Their flag I could not at first make out, but
presently saw that it was veritable secesh. Colonel Mc-
Arthur rode down from his brigade, and stood with me some
time; we were puzzled about the whole affair, i'oi they
seemed to be in blue uniforms,
Some ten minutes after he left me, an orderly rode up
with Colonel McArthur's compliments, and a caution not
to fire at the regiments in front; that two of hHofheera had
visited them, and that they were our own regiments, who
had captured a rebel flag, and were raising it as a decoy.
So we laid quietly in position until an officer reported to me
a force coming up the tavine on our left, going to the point
of the rid^e. is.uv that it was the fif'rv-fif'fh and fifty-fourth.
They took up their position in theuvme to our lei t, arid be-
low u-*, where they were terribly expo?>ed to a moat funous
fire which was immediately Qpcned upon them, and which
it seemed to me they could not effectually return, for I ob-
served that the enemy fell back behind the crest of the hill
to load, and advanced an<^ delivered their fire, exposing but
the upper part of their bodies. Seeing that the regiments in
our front had commenced firing, apparently on the fifty-
fourth and fifty-fifth, X gave the ordei to commence firing.
This unexpected fire tlnew the enemy into confusion fora
moment, but they rallied with great steadiness and opened
onus. After this firing had continued fot n while, remem-
bering the message of Colonel McAuhur,and knowing the
frequentfatal mistakesthat had been made duiingthis war,
I was apprehensive that some mistake might probably exij-t.
X gave the command to cease tiring, and passed along our
Hue to «i point where 1 could see our friends below, and
watching the movements,/ saw that the forces immediately
in our front were undoubtedly firing at our friends. I gave
the command again to commence filing, and it was imme-
diately reopened.
Taking into consideration the fact that no regiment in
the seivice contained more expert marksmen than the sev-
enty-first, which was raided principally in Meieor, Au-
glaize, and adjoining counties, and that thev were armed
with rifles of a fair degree of accuracy, and firing, a  most
of them d'd, with deliberation, and at point blank lange, at
an enemy entuely exposed, it would have been strange if
the result had not been veiy lata! to the enemy. They could
be seen tailing like tenpins, on their most exposed flank.
One of their ofiiceis left a prisoner in the hospital told one
of mine that they could not have been held it heavy lein-
forcements had not come up. Cnptam McConnell, of com-
pany tf, visited the ground on Monday or Tuesday, arid re-
ported to me that between fifty mid sixty men were lying
dead upon the ground where then lines were formed, and
a large number were piled in the ravine, m the rear. These
regiments were/exposed to no otner fiie than that of the
seventy-first, and no part of the fight ot Monday occuried
on that ground.
It was after the fire reopened that Lieutenant Colonel
Kyle was killed. It was about noon when he fell. He was
sitting in conversation with Lieutenant Mason, of com-
pany C, leaning torwaid on a log, when a bullet shuck
him in the center of the right brea&t, pacing, a  I was af-
terward informed, nearly through tiie body, diagonally,
nearly to the left lnp. He called to me immediately, as' I
was only a few feet fiom him—told me that he was
wounded—pointed out the place, and fell back upon the
grass, as 1 supposed, dying. It was a terrible blow to all
of us. He was one of those men with whom intimate as-
sociation draws closer the bonds of affection. I put lam
in charge of one of the officers, to see that he was properly
cared for. I now took position on the extreme right, for
there was danger of their turning our lines liom that direc-
tion, and the battle went tot ward, the men firing steadily
fioin their position, and no movement being necessary un-
til some change was made in the disposition of the enemy.
After a while—one has lUUe idea ot time on &uch occa-
sions—J saw the other regiments passing to the rear,acioss
a ravine opening behind us; the enemy were in force on
the left, and were moving al«o on our right, and 1 gave the
order to retreat. The lines were thin, as I had endeavored
to cover as much ground as possible, and the countiy being
broken, the regiment did not keep together. 1 led pait of
them back to wheie our suigeons were stationed to see if
arrangements were made for the care of Colonel Kyle, and
to see that the wounded were attended to. A few fell in
with the fifty-foutth and fifty-fifth; most, however, went
with Major Andrews to the river bank, near the mouth of
Lick creek, where he informed the captain of the gunboats
of the progress of affairs, who immediately commenced
shelling the woods, undet cover of which they marched
back to the landing, about two miles below. The enemy
did not follow in force, a few skirmishers only following a
short distance. Their retreat was undistuibed. Arriving
near the landing, they fanned in line, and took part in the
final fight of the day, which resulted in checking the ad-
vance of the rebels.
Such is a plain and full statement of every event of the
day; and now I ask, when was it that the seventy-first dis-
graced Ohio? We inaiehed out in the morning with less
than five hundred men in line, many having fallen in who
were too sick to remain, and the total count being a little
over five hundied when the line was first formed. Out of
this number we lost one hundred and ten men, about one
fourth ot the men ensaged—lost them in a fair fight in their
companies. We held m check two regiments who, m
moicthan an hour and a half's hard fighting did not advance
a foot, and who, except for us, would have pies&ed upon
the nght and rear of the rest of the biigade and inevitably
oveiwiielmed them, for they were pressed already in front,
and threatened, if not actually attacked, on the left. I have
no doubt that both the fifty-fifth and fifty-fourth fought well
on that day, though we did not see much of them as they
could only be seen fiom the extreme end of the ridge. They
suffered terribly, moie than we did, for they were more ex-
posed, stationed as they were m a ravine, and then formed
in squares—a disposition in which troops are most exposed
to the effects of fire, and least able to return it effectually.
1 understand that Colonel Stuart's repoitto General Sher-
man was that he did not see the seventy-first after the first
fire. That is true, he did not see us after he left us just be-
fore the first fire; and so the seventy-first might report that
they did not see Colonel Stuart; and then the question
would be whether it was the duty of the xegirnent to look
aftri the brigadier, or the brigadier's duty to look after the
regiment. But so far as either statement would cast any
imputation upon the other paity,it would be an unfair im-
pression. I do not intimate that Colonel Stuait personally
intends to do injustice to the seventy-fiist; but I know that
both he and Genei al Sherman are surrounded by men whose
misbion in life it is to gloiify the fifty-fifth IMinois, and
sneer and laugh at the seventy-first and fifty-fourth Ohio
particularly,and other Ohio regiments genet ally.
I have demanded of General Ilalleck a court of inquiry.
If the seventy-first Ohio misbehaved, it may be shown ; if
the fault is mine, as has been intimated, I will bear it. The
K'giment, at lea>t, t-hall not s-ulfcr. I a*k only of the people
ol Ohio that they shall append judgment, :uid e.-peeialiy
that they be not at pains to find iea>ons to account toi what
has not happened. No one pretends to know where it was,
but we understand most of the accounts locate ud in Pren-
tiss-'s diviMon. Nobody pietends to have seen us. (and as
a matter of fact nobody did.) and yet everybody takes it for
granted that, somewhere or other, we did misbehave on
that terrible Sunday. Ttwas the misfortune of the bugade
to be stationed apait ftoai the division, andot the seventy-
fust to he stationed apart from the brigade, but for this I
was not responsible. R. MASON,
Colonel Sccenty-First Ohio Volunteers.
The above letter was submitted to all the officers of the
seventy-first Ohio stationed at this post, and to Major An-
drews while on a visit here fiom Fort Donclshn, and the,
statements therein were by them severally verified and con-
firmed as a full, true, and faithful account of the battle
of Shiloh, Sunday, Apul 6, so far as the matters therein
stated occurred in such paits of the field as they vvete sev-
erally stationed, and could come within their pctsonal
knowledge, and each and every occurrence mentioned took
place in the piesenoe of the whole or pait of such officets.
Attested at their request.
JAMES Ii. HAHT,
Jbljutant Seventy-First Regiment O. V. I.
clarksville.
Mr. Speaker, I should not have been tempted
into the slightest allusion to those charges which
have been made upon Ohio troops by any news-
paper leports which have gone forth touching
them; their vindication is to be found not in con-
gressional discussions or newspaper debate, but
m that care which the American people, jealous
of the rights and character of our soldiery, will
have over their reputation, a reputation which
will be vindicated by the truth of history. I have
been led into the observations I have presented on
this occasion, as 1 have said, by the allusions
which have been made in Congress to the subject,
and which are such as would render it unpardon-
able in me not to present a plain statement of the
facts as they occurred.
I will add nothing further, except to remark,
in justice to the officer who commands the seven-
ty-first Ohio regiment, and who is one of my own
constituents, that this statement is totally un-
known to him, unsolicited by him, and will be a
surprise to him when he learns that it has been
made.
ADDITIONAL MEDICAL OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr, DUNN, by unanimous con-
sent, the following message from the Senate was
taken from the Speaker's table:
In Senate of the United States,
June 17, 1862.
Resolved, That the Senate concur in the first amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill of the Senate
(No. 343) to provide additional medical officers for the vol-
unteer service, and also agree to the second amendment of
the House to the said bill, with the following amendment:
Strike out the pioviso to the second amendment, in the
following words : " Piowled, That surgeons under this, act
shall be under foity years of age,"
Mr. DUNN. I move that the House concur in
the amendment of the Senate. This proviso was
evidently inserted under a misapprehension, and
cannot accomplish any good object.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
And then, on motion of Mr. RICHARDSON,
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 18, 1862.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally ruad by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 280) to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy—
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 365) to amend an act entitled "An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts"—
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
NAVY DEPARTMENT ORGANIZATION.
The VICE PRESlDENTlaid before theSenate
the amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 173) to reorganize the Navy
Department of the United States.
Mr. HALE. The House amendments to that
bill are twenty or thirty in number, and many of
them are merely verbal. The Senate Committee
on Naval Affairs have had them under considera-
tion, and have agreed to recommend that the Senate
concur in all the amendments, except the third,
fourth, and fourteenth. We propose that the Sen-
ate non-concui in the third and fourth amendments,
and agree to the fourteenth, with an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will put the question upon the
amendments to which the committee agree. Is
there any objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have them
read.
Mr. HALE. They are mostly verbal; they
are very trifling.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concuning in all the amendments of the House
of Representatives, except the third, fourth, and
fourteenth.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other amend-
ments will now be read.
The Secretary read the third amendment of the
House of Representatives, .which was in lines
twenty-four and twenty-five of page 1 of the bill
to strike out the words, " and be selected from
the list of chief engineers of the Navy."
Mr. HALE. I will state the elfeet of that
amendment. The bill as it passed the Senate re-
quited the chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing to be selected from the list of chief engineers
of the Navy. The House of Representatives has
stricken that out, opening the appointment to
civil engineers. The Senate committee advise a
non-concurrence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the fourth amendment of
the House of Representatives, which was in lines
twenty-seven and twenty-eight of section one, to
strike out the words, " who shall be selected from
the list of the surgeons of the Navy."
Mr. HALE. The House of Rep rescn tatives
made the same amendmentas in the pieviouscuse,
in regai d to the appointment of the chief of the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, opening it to
civil surgeons. The committee advise that the
Senato non-concur m that.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Secretary read the fourteenth amendment,
