1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
them. He says that this is the opinion of " the
leading1 bank men, and also of the most earnest
financiers connected with the banks. The reason
is that without such provision, the banks in New
York, Boston, and Philadelphia cannot take them,
and they cannot take them simjjly because they
cannot use them if they.do. It is not a question
of willingness or of desire to sustain the Govern-
ment. They cannot pay out these notes to those
who are not obliged to receive them, however
they might wish to do so."
If you strike out this tender clause, you do it
with the knowledge that these notes will fall dead
\ipon the money market of the world; that they
will be refused, as they are now refused by the
banks; that they will be a subordinate, disgraced
currency, that will not pass from hand to hand;
that they will have no legal sanction; that any
man, whether a Jew broker or any other of the
numerous kinds of brokers described by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, may decline to receive
them, and thus discredit the obligations of the
Government. I ask again, if that is just to the
men to whom you have contracted to pay debts?
When you issue yourdemand notes, and announce
your purpose notto pay any more gold and silver
coin, you then tender to those who have furnished
you provisions and services, this paper money.
W hat can they do ? They cannot pay their debts
with it; they cannot support their families with
it, without a depreciation. The whole, then, de-
pends upon the promise of the Government to pay
at some time not fixed on the face of the note. It
is, then, an era of ii redeemable, depreciated paper
money.
Not only justice to our creditors demands this
measure, but I anticipate from it very beneficial
effects in regulating our currency. If you issue
^150,000,000 of Treasury notes, you then, for the
first time, at least, since the Bank of the United
States, have a national currency stamped with all
the credit, with all the power of the Government
of the United States. It is a national currency
that cannot be abused. It is not controlled by a
corporation; it is not controlled by interested par-
ties; it is not controlled by men who desire to
make money out of the circulation; but it is a
national circulation for the redemption of every
dollar of which the national credit and all the
property of all the people of the United States is
pledged. When you issue these $150,000,000 of
currency, it will permeate all over tlus country;
it will be the blood of the whole system, unless
you at once depreciate it by marking it with the
brand of Cain, and refusing to give it national
authority. It will enable men to carry on their
business and make their exchanges all over the
country.
But that is not all. The circulation of this large
amount of demand notes will enable capitalists to
buy your bonds. If it were not for this reason,
I would not vote for this bill myself. I know the
great danger of the inflation of paper money. I
would not vote to furnish these demand notes as
a circulating medium, unless 1 supposed there
would be some limit to them, and unless I knew
that the effect would be to enable capitalists to
buy our bonds. Now they cannot do it, because
there is no currency in which they can pay for
the bonds. You refuse to take the circulation of
the banks, and they cannot get you gold, and so
they cannot buy your bonds. If you give them
a circulating medium, ample and not too great,
well secured, sanctioned by all the power of the j
Government, you may then be able to reach the
"purse of the capitalist, you may be able to reach
the stocking of the poor but patriotic citizens,
you may be able to gather in from all this broad
extent of country the savings of your people.
But you cannot do it otherwise. As long as you
have your present system, without any medium
of exchange except gold and silver, you cannot
reach the real capital of this country, because the
people cannot pay you in that.which circulates
among them, and they cannot get gold and silver.
This will be the basis of currency, a medium of
circulation in convenient form, by which a man
can pay his debts.
The only objection to the issue of this paper
money is, that too much may be issued. I know
very well that if you continue to follow this issue
of demand notes by others, you will depreciate
and break down the whole system. There is the
only danger in it. I do not believe the issue of
$150,000,000 will do any harm; but if you con-
tinue to issue other sums, you will at once depre-
ciate the credit of these demand notes and destroy
their value. If you confine it to the amount lim-
ited by this bill, I believe the effect will be healthy
in all the business relations of the country.
After all, Mr. President, this is a mere tem-
porary expedient. It is manifest that we must
rely upon some other source of obtaining money.
We dare not repeat this experiment a second
time. If we do, we enter on the same course that
was followed in the French revolution, and also
by our American ancestors. But if in our rev-
olutionary war the amount of revolutionary scrip,
and if in the French revolution the amount of as-
signats, had been confined to a small sum in pro-
portion to the wealth of the country, if for in-
stance it had been limited to less than one tenth
of the annual production of the country, there
would have been no danger. It is idle to attempt
to alarm me by saying that this will expand the
currency of the country too much. The annual
productions of this countiy are over nineteen hun
dred millions of dollars. I have on my desk a
carefully prepared table made by the Superintend-
ent of the Census, showing the aggregate produc-
tion of all the States of the Union, and it amounts
to over nineteen hundred millions of dollars. By
th*s bill you propose to furnish a currency to the
extent of less than one tenth of your annual pro-
duction. Do you tell me that this will create an
inflation of prices? I do not think so. If you
should follow this issue by another, you nu^ht
crcatc a disturbance in your financial operations;
but I think this will not.
The only true way, it seems to me, to establish
a financial system in this country—and I do not
believe we ever shall establish one until the ne-
cessity of the hour drives us to it—is, first, to as-
certain how much money we can afford to expend
in the prosecution of this war, and then collect at
least one half of that by taxation, and the other
half by loans. It seems to me that while your
expenditure amounts to §000,000,000 a year, you
will be driven to all sorts of expedients. If gen-
tlemen want to get at the true measure of reform,
if they do not want simply to have expedients
that are forced on us, they must reduce the public
expenditures to the standaid at which the Gov-
ernment can maintain itself. If they would fix
that standard at $400,000,000, and collect one half
of that by taxation, a thing easily done, and an-
ticipate that taxation by an issue of demand notes,
never to be exceeded under any circumstances,
and then collect the other half by the sale of bonds,
ii could he readily accomplished. Many financiers
have told me that the capital of the large cities
could easily absorb $200,000,000 of Government
bonds from the annual interest now paid there. I
have no doubt the Government could readily col-
lect $200,000,000 more by taxation. By domg_
this, and anticipating taxation by the issue of
demand notes, we should have no difficulty in
getting money. As it is now, we have no fixed
system, we go along without any fixed lights or
guides.
1 have thus, Mr. President, endeavored to reply
to the constitutional argument of the Senator from
Vermont. Our aiguments must be submitted
finally to the arbitration of the courts of the United
States. When I fuel so strongly the necessity of
this measiue, 1 am constrained to assume the
power, and refer our authority to exercise it to
the courts. I have shown, in reply to the aigu-
ment of the Senator from Maine, that we must no
longer hesitate as to the, necessity of tins measure.
That necessity does exist, and now presses upon
: us. I rest my vote upon the proposition that this
| is a necessary and proper nleisure to furnish a
currency—a medium of exchange—to enable the
Government to borrow money to maintain an
army and to support a navy. Believing this, I
find ample authority to authorize my vote. _ We
have been taught by recent fearful experience
that delay and doubt in this tune of levolutionary
activity are stagnation and death. I have sworn
to raise <ind support your armies; to provide for
and maintain your Navy; to borrow money; to
uphold your Government agninst all enemies, at
home and abroad. That oath is sacred. As a
member of this bod}', I am armed with high
powersfora holy purpose, and I am authorized—
nay, required—to vote for all laws necessary and
proper for executing these high powers and to
accomplish that purpose. This is not the time
when I would limit these powers. Rather than
yield to revolutionary force, I would use revolu-
tionary force. Here it is not necessary, for the,
framers of the Constitution did notassume to fore-
see all the means that might be necessary to main-
tain the delegated powers of the national Gov-
ernment. Regarding this great measure as a
necessary and proper one, and within our power
to enact, I see jdain before me the path of duty,
and one that it is easy to tread.
Mr. COWAN. I desire to say a word upon
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont, to
strike from the bill that portion of it which would
make the notes issued by the United States alegal
tender in satisfaction of private debts between
man and man, and in so doing 1 will endeavor to
be brief.
1 will say too at the outset, that it is not matter
of choice with me as to the course 1 am obliged
to take in this matter, because from the clauses
which I propose to read from the Constitution
bearing upon the question, I have no doubt what-
ever that my duty requires me to vote for the
amendment.
The ninth amendment declares:
iC The powers not delegated to the United States by this
Constitution, nor piohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to ilie Status le^pectively or to the people."
Here then are three classes of powers enumer-
ated. 1. Those powers delegated to the United
States. 2. Those forbidden .to the States; and 3.
Those reserved to the States. The first and third
include all powers which are or may be legiti-
mately invoked by the General and State Govern-
ments, but it is perfectly plain that if a particular
power is not delegated to the United States, and
is at the same time denied to the States, that such
power exists nowhere; and such is the character of
some of the third class to which I now refer. Sec-
tion ten, of article one, is as follows:
"No States-half enter into any treaty, alliance, or confed-
ciation ; grant Jrtteis of marque and icpnsal; coin money;
emit hills of crciht; make anything hut gold and silver coin a
tender in payment of debts*" * * * * iC or pass
an?/ law impairing the obligation of contracts."
The last three are those which cannot be found
within the delegated powers of the instrument,and
which, therefore, cannot properly be exercised by
us here: nor have ihev any equivalents in the
grant. They could have none in reason, because
they are precise m their signification, and most fit
and apt as wfill-kiiown expressions to convey the
ideas they respectively embody. They are, be-
sides, exactly descriptive of the powers claimed
here—a thousand times more so, indeed, than any .
one of the many phrases where they are supposed
to lurk; and I think no one, without willfully de-
luding himself, can for a moment believe that if
the framers of the Constitution had intended to
confer upon Congress the rightto make anything
but gold and silver a tender in payment of debts,
they would not have said so in this very phrase.
But their Journals inform us that an attempt was
made to do it, made in this form, and that it was
refused, not for matter of form or that it was already
elsewhere or otherwise granted, but that it was not
wise or safe to do so. Nay, more, believing, as
they unquestionably did, that the powers in ques-
tion were in their nature useless for any good pur-
pose and dangerous in the extreme, and fearing
that if not prohibited to the States they would be
taken to be reserved to them, the clause I have read
was made to embrace them and settle the difficulty
forever. They are powers which.belong neither
to the United "States nor to the States, and they
ought to belong to no Government anywhere.
I had supposed, sir, that this question could
never enter the American Senate; that the day had
Etone by when it was open to discussion, if it
ever was open since the Constitution was formed.
Suicly, if anything in the world is settled—settled
by the fethers, by cotemporary history, painful
experience, and the total absence of all precedent
for the exercise of these powers—it is that they
were not delegated nor intended to be delegated.
1 have never till now heard it doubted; and after
the argument of the learned and venerable Senator
from Vermont yesterday, I think no one of us,
looking at it in the Sight of the oath he has taken,
could doubt it. If this is not settled, then is noth-
ing settled, and we are all at sea.
It may be superfluous, Mr. President, but still
I think proper to recur a moment tofirst principles
upon this question—whether the United States
