1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181B
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly I will withdraw
it. In order to give the Senate a fair opportunity
to choose between them, I will withdraw my sub-
stitute so as to enable the Senator from Vermont
to offer his.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now pending is on the amendment to the original
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose no one will ob-
ject to my offering the substitute, as the Senator
from Ohio has withdrawn his.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
understood, but the question cannot now be put
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to state, that in
withdrawing the substitute, I have not changed
my opinions in the slightest, but I desire the Sen-
ator to have an opportunity to have a vote on his
substitute whenever he desires it.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Then the ques-
tion stands in this wises the Senator from Ohio
has withdrawn his amendment in the form of a
substitute for the original bill. The Senator from
Vermont moves an amendment in the form of a
.substitute for the original bill. That amendment
is then open to amendment by way of perfection.
The question now, however, pending, and before
it can be taken upon any other, is upon the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Ohio byway of
perfecting the original bill, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. JECING. The Chair has just stated it, but
I do not yet understand what the question is. I
will ask that it be read by the Secretary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Ohio to the
original bill will again be read.
The Secretary read it; to strike out all after the
words " United States, "in line six of the fit st sec-
tion,down to and including theword " rebellion,"
in the thirteenth line, in the following words:
Belonging to any person 01 por-ons beyond the juusdic-
tio'i of the same, or to anv p"r-on or persons in any State
or dic-1 ict withm the United States, now 111 of ui-
MincfMi'"! and rebellion a<ni;n--t the authonty tin i-'of, to
that in ujthei ca-*p the culinary pioce^s oi taw cannot he
m"v<M upon them. who -"h:\il (fining the pie-ent lebrll.oo
be iound in aims asain^t the United Stales, or giving aid
and comfort to said rebellion.
Arid to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Fust. Tei^oiis hereafter acting a* officer.-* of the auuy 01
navy of the lehels now or Iieieafter jn aims agiiinst the
United States. Second. Peisoti* hereafter acting ^ pres-
ident, vice prer-idenr, member of congie.-s, judge, foteigu
mini ter. eonMil. oi eommisMonin of the  o-r-alJ« <1 conled-
«n?Ue Slate-. Third Persons heieaftei aeiingas an ofiieer,
wliethet civil, mihtaty. or naval, of any State 01 Territoiy
who by llie eon-Ututiou of the so-called eonfedeiate states
is requited to take an oath to snppoit >;ud constitution.
Fourth. Peisons who having held an office of honor, tiusf,
or profit undei the United States, shall iicreairei take up
amis (ljamst the United States. Fifth Per.-ons who, own -
ing piopcrty in the loyal States or Territories, or the loyal
pouions of di^ojai State-, shall heiealter a^ist or give aid
and comfort to the present icbellion.
Mr. KING. I will inquire whether an amend-
ment to that amendment by way of addition is
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order.
The amendment to the original bill is open to
am^ndm^nt.
Mr. KING. Then I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
Sixth. Peisons m the piesent nssinrection levying war
against the United States oi adheung to their enemies, giv-
ing them aid and comfoit.
it will be peiceived that the amendment which
I propose makes the principle of confiscation ap-
plicable to traitors, and to traitois only, in my
opinion, the principle should be applied to them
indiscriminately. The argument that a gieat
many persons were under the influence of others;
that the wealthy and leading membeis of the com-
munity enticed others to join this rebellion, and
that they are the only persons to whom this doc-
trine of confiscation is to be applied, is, in my
judgment, erroneous. Those persons who have
exeicised an influence over the great mass of the
community will have their influence inci eased by
being-able to represent that they ore made the mar-
tyrs, who are to suffer sacrifices, and are pointed
out as persons to be punished, while those, who,
under their influence, have been drawn into this
rebellion may be told that they are to In- exempted
from the penalties of their treason. It is said as
a reason why these persons should be exempted
from the penalties that many of them aie peisous
without piopeity If so, a law of confiscation
will have no effect upon them. The law can only
take effect upon those who have property. In
my opinion, the penalties of the law against trea-
son should be frankly and distinctly declared
against all traitors. If at any time there should
be a disposition on their part to consider whether
they will desist and refrain from the continuance
of their resistance to the Government, this would
give an'opportunity to the President to extend to
them an inducement to do so. At any time those
who will desist might, on a proclamation of the
President, have extended to them clemency. They
might be informed that all those who would re-
turn to their allegiance might have the penalties
of confiscation remitted. "They certainly have
forfeited all their legal and constitutional rights.
When a man commits treason against his Gov-
ernment, he has forfeited his claim to its protec-
tion; and I would make the law apply to all trai-
tors, and to traitors only.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from New
York will not press his amendment, because it is
equivalent to the original bill; and if the amend-
ment I offered be voted down, as a matter of
course, the words he now offers will be embodied
in the original bill.
Mr. CARLILE. I should like very much that
the sense of the Senate should be tested upon the
principle of the proposition submitted by the Sen-
ator from Vermont. I have listened not only with
pleasure, but my hopes for a speedy restoration
of the Union have been revived since I heard the
speech of the Senator from Vermont. It was the
speech, not alone of the statesman, but of the
patriot. Its manner, its temper, and its spirit,
must commend it to every just man everywhere
throughout the broad limits of our country, and
the justice of the sentiments which he uttered
must be acknowledged in their calmer and cooler
moments, even by those who are engaged in an
effort to overthrow the Government. Now, sir,
if it bo the intention of the Senate to adopt such
a proposition as that of the Senator from Vermont,
we may save time, if I am right as to the mles
governing this body, by testing the sense of the
Senate on a motion to postpone the subjects now
immediately under consideration; and if they shall
be postponed, then 1 imagine tt will be competent
for the Senator l'rym Veunont to offer, as an in-
dependent proposition, his proposed amendment.
Tlio PRESIDENT pro tempore The Ohair
will suggest to the Senator from Virginia that his
proposition is impracticable. An amendment
pending to a bill cannot be postponed without car-
rying with it the whole subject.
Mi1. CARLILE. But I* understand that the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont not being
in order to be moved as an amendment or sub-
stitute to the pending proposition, is not now be-
fuie the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is before
the Senate; but it stands aside for propositions of
amendment, it being m the foim of a substitute
for the original bill. The question upon the sub-
stitution cannot be taken while propositions of
amendment or modification shall be made either
to the original bjII or to the substitute.
Mr. CARLILE. The objection that I have is
not only to the consumption of time, which, pet-
haps, is not a very serious matter, but in voting
upon these amendments some of us may he placed
in a false position. Now, sir, entertaining the
views that I do as to the constitutional power of
this body, 1 see no way to vote for any of these
propositions: and thus it may m the end putupon
i the statute-book that which would be the most
; objectionable. I should therefore have to follow
i the Senator from Delaware, and vote against the
; whole of them.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
■ question is on the amendment to the amendment
1 to the original bill. The Senator from New \ ork
I moves an amendment to the amendment of the
5 Senator from Ohio.
i Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
, on these amendments, I wish to state what 1 un-
I demand to be the puiportof the amendment pro-
I posed by the Senator from Ohio. In one respect
I that amendment isa limitation of the bill as it was
! reported by the committee; in another inspect, it
1 is a veiy great eiilaigenient of U. So fai as that
amendment defines the classes of persons upon
whom th" bill ls to operat", if w n limitation, lr
i confines it io officeis in the ciwl. nuhtaiy, and
naval service of the so-called confederate States.
It divides them into classes, but they would all
be embraced in the designation of officers in the
civil, military, or naval service of the so-called
confederacy, who took up arms against the Gen-
eral Government. But in this respect, it is an en-
largement of the original bill; the original bill
is based on the principle that the property of no
rebel is to be forfeited whose person is within
reach of judicial process. The Senator from Ohio
proposes to strike out that proposition, which is
the basis of the bill, and he will confiscate the
property of the man who can be tried for treason;
and that brings us rightback to the constitutional
question argued by the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] last evening. He insisted that
under the Constitution, which prescribes the pun-
ishment for treason, you cannot confiscate the
real estate except for the life of the traitor. Well,
sir, I agree to that; at least I am inclined to agree
to the proposition that the clause in the Constitu-
tion limiting the power of Congress to define the
punishment for treason does prevent the confisca-
tion of property beyond the life of the traitor
where the treason is tried. But a perfect answer to
the Senator from Wisconsin is, that it has no ap-
plication to a man who cannot be tried for treason,
it would be absurd to say that a clause in the
Constitution applied to a person who could not
be affected by it. To make that perfectly clear, I
will, by way of illustration, ask a question. Sup-
pose an unnaturalized foreigner is fighting in tlie
rebel army against us, and there are hundreds and
thousands of such cases; the Senator from Wis-
consin knows we could not try that unnaturalized
foreigner for treason, because he owes no allegi-
ance to this Government; ho has never been nat-
uralized; but he is fighting us. Then that clause
of the. Constitution that inhibits you from punish-
ing a traitor by forfeiture of life has no applica-
tion to the unnatuialized foreigner, because the
unnaturalized foreigner cannot be tried for treason.
Then 1 ask the question, is it not competent by
way of punishment, or by way of confiscation, if
you please, to be dealt out to that unnaturalized for-
eigner to take his property, and to take his prop-
erty absolutely ? What clause in the Constitution
inhibits it? Certainly not the clause fixing the
punishment for treason, because the unnaturalized
foreigner cannot be tried for treason: that is an
impossibility; he owes no allegiance to the Gov-
ernment.
The original bill goes upon that idea, that the
propel ty of the men in arms against the Govern-
ment who are beyond the reach of judicial proccss
and cannot be tiled for treason is to be forfeited.
For instance, Slidell's property, who is abroad,
and the property of unnaturalized foreigners, and
the property of every man being a citizen of the
United States who flees beyond the jurisdiction of
the process of our courts; for wheie the process
of the court could reach him, and he could be made
to answer in his person for his crime, and where
he himself can be brought to the scaffold for his
wicked deeds, I would not propose to take from
his posterity his property.
If the amendment to the original bill prevails,
it will provide for confiscating the property of
the particular classes of rebels designated in his
amendment, whether they are within the reach of
judicial process or not. I will not say that can-
not be done. I will not say that the power does
not exist; because I hold that this Government, in
putting down rebellion, has the power to do what-
ever is necessary to accomplish it, taking real es-
tate and everything else. 1 hold thatifitbe neces-
sary, this Government may not only slay every
white man in South Carolina but every negro, and,
if it had the power, sink it and make it like the
Dead sea, ingulf the whole State in the ocean,
lands, negroes, whites, women, children, and ail.
As a question of power, if it wore necessary to
put down this rebellion, we could do it.
But, sir, I did not rise to argue the question, but
merely to state what the effect of the amendment
of the Senator from Oli io would be, 1 shall notvote
for the amendment, although I think that so far as
it designates the classes of persons, it will reach
most of the cases. I think that the persons des-
ignated m his amendment own most of the prop-
periy, ,°nd if it is adopted 1 shall have no fault to
find with it, so fai i-s it is a limitation upon the
peixons to be affected by the !,ljr 1 objcct to
it moit on the £iound that it departs liom a priu-
