THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
February IB,
^cfvern$tt£tat can make its notes a legal tender in
t&ymeriiof debts—and in so doing, Ithink it will
gjfou'nd, if answered in the affirmative, that the
■p&wer would be subversive of all our notions of
gpyernmcnt and the ends for which it is estab-
lished, which are the protection and preservation
of society.
- What, then, is the life and soul of society?
What is the bond or cement which binds the in-
dividuals composing it into a community ? is.it
riot the faith man has in his fellow-man; that he
will speak truth, deal justly, and perform his en-
gagements? In short, sir, is it not credit— from
credo, I belieye ?
This becomes obvious when you reflcct that
men may mingle together without this belief in
one another, where no one has faith in any way
in,the rest. Sometimes when gamblers sit down
to play—even professed gamblers recognize the
—the question is asked, " Shall this be on
the square?" and the answer is affirmative; then
there is faith and credit round the board, and the
play must be fair, even among them and there.
Something is appealed to and respected, which
relieves the mind from the fear and watching of a
state without faith and without belief. But if con-
sent is not given, and a single one says " no,"
then the players are at liberty to do any and all
things necessary to win. Trust and confidence
bceome folly, and there is no security except in
continual vigilance-and distrust of everything.
Now, we can conceive of such a state of things
existing in society, when all its individuals are
loosened from one another, and when they are free
to do anything and everything they please, irre-
spective of that which wo call good faith; credit is
^one, principle is gone, life is gone, and the social
fabric falls to pieces. That spiritual, immaterial
something which makes men just, true, grateful,
and as of prime importance to the fair working of
tiie world's machinery, makes them pay their
debts when due, has departed. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, surely no Government ever was intended
by its founders to bringabout this state of affairs
in the community over which it bore sway; surely
ours was not meant to work such a lesuU, but
"rather the reverse; so that if any member of the
body-politic abused the trust his fellows reposed
in him, or broke the faith he had plighted or the
word he had pledged, it was made to step in, to
interfere and compel him to do what he ought to
do to preserve credit and confidence.
What is to be the effect of this proposed plan
to make paper money a legal tender upon this
credit, which we have seen is the cement of so-
ciety? Will it strengthen it or not? It proposes
that in all money contracts notes shall be taken
as money, the same as gold or silver. Now, if
these notes were worth as much as gold and silver,
there would be nothing gained by making them
so by law; nobody would think of it. IJut it is
cxnected that because they are not so, this law
will make them operate as though they were—at
least so far as all present creditors are concerned;
ail men who have money due them will be obliged
to receive these notes as money, at par; they are
made a legal tender in all debts.
What is a legal tender ? It is simply the offer
which a man makes to fulfill his contract; and if
he has contracted to pay money, this bill will en-
able him to discharge his contract by paying Uni-
ted States notes instead of money; but it will affect
no other kind of contract If my friend, the hon-
orable Senator from New York, has loaned me
$1,000, and 1 have promised to pay it to him on
Friday, as the law now stands, I must get him
gold or silver money on that day to release myself
from my obligation. If this bill passes, however,
I may get$lj000of the notes itauthorizesand give
him them, and he will be bound to take them and
discharge me, although they are not w.orth $500
or $100 in money, or, indeed, worth anything.
Whyis this, and why this interference between
my friend and me, merely because the subject of
our contract was money?
If I had agreed to sell and convey him one hun-
dred acres of land by deed containing covenants
of warranty, study no Government has ever yet
claimed the right to make a law by which I could
satisfy my contract by making and delivering him
a deed for fifty acres, or, if you please, a deed
without the stipulated covenants.
Again, suppose I had engaged to deliver him a
horse on Friday, what would oe thought of a Gov-
ernment which would undertake to enact that I
might on that day tender to him, in full satisfac-
tion of my agreement, an ass ? And yet the result
may be as absurd and as wicked in the first case
I put as in the last two, and I would like to hear
somebody show to the Senate why the interfer-
ence might not as well be made in that case as in
the others. If the Government can affect my
money contracts, they might with the same jus-
tice affect my real contracts or chattel contracts—
all are the same. And if debtors can pay their
money debts by law with something else than
money, of less value than money, what becomes
of that faith, trust, confidence, credit, which is the
bond of society ? What becomes of society itself?
Mr. President, the power claimed for the Gov-
ernment by this bill subverts the Government
itself, and makes it destroy that which it was in-
stituted to protect and preserve. What has been
its functions heretofore in their proper and har-
monious play? And why ore we so anxious to
perpetuate and save it ? Is it because it destroys
credit and good faith among men, or is it because
it has been almost wholly employed to assert and
enforce them ? Surely the latter; for at least four
fifths of its labors aie performed in achieving what
this bill proposes not to do. The Government
struggles to make men stand upon their contracts;
this bill proposes to discharge a certain class of
men from their contracts, upon part performance
only.
Proceedings in courts are of two kinds: 1.
Criminal proceedings, for the punishmentof crime.
2. Civil proceedings, to indemnify against wrongs
and enforce contracts. I think the latter occupy
four fifths of the time of the: courts, occupy them
to compel the performance of contracts, and pre-
serve the credit of society inviolate in all cases
where the honesty of the contracting party is
wanting to that end. This bill, however, would
set them all to work, not to compel men to keep
their faith, but to aid them in breaking it.
I have said I was opposed to the plan in the
bill, because it was without warrant under the
Constitution. I now say I would oppose it if it
was free from that objection, because it is abhor-
rent to l eoson, justice, and all my notions of right.
Nor have J any fear of the consequences which
are expected to result from striking out the tender
clause, and I have no fears of the evils so elo-
quently portrayed by the honorable Senator from
Ohio. I am never afraid of being just. If God is
not over all, administering this world's affairs, so
as to make the just and good and true in the end
triumphant, then all security is gone. " Be just
and fear not."
I piopose now to look a moment at the effect
claimcd for this clause upon the notes themselves.
It is said it will give them credit. I think the
contrary effect will follow. U is a blow aimed at
them in the most vital part, and one better calcu-
lated than any other, since it comes from a friendly
hand, to do them in this regard most injury. If
one of them asserts on us fare that it is live dollars,
and that were really true, 1 should like to know
how much truer it is atieryou have said to every-
body, " you shall believe it whether you will or
not?" Not much, I think; buton theotherhand,
the fair inference is m the mind of every man,
however stupid, that you yourselves first doubted
the validity of it, and that therefore you attempted
to give it this quality of paying debts perforce, to
compensate it for the lack of essential value. If
it were good and valid, all people would be glad
to get it, as ail are ever glad to get money, and the
moment you attach to it this character of compul-
sion )rou alarm and irritate theiu, till like the fat
knight in the drama, who was anxious to give rea-
sons for his timidity and cowardice, they refuse
because of the compulsion. He said if reasons
were as plenty as blackberries he would not give
one on compulsion. So will beggars, even, doubt
and scan your issues if they find they are to pass
on compulsion. In pleading a tender it is usual
to follow it with the word " satisfaction," but it
would seem that if the creditor is compelled to
release a good security for a bad one, as by the
bill he may be, it would be well to say here the
tender was in "dissatisfaction of the debt," for
such it assuredly will be. Something else will :
also follow its enactment. You will enjoy the
" satisfaction" not of debts, but of reflecting that
you have disturbed the relations heretofore exist-
ing between debtor and creditor all over the coun-
try. The very figures expressing these relations
would have to be changed to enable them to under-
stand each other truly. Where, then, are their con-
tracts? Changed and impaired,and you findyour-
selves again upon the forbidden ground, ground
forbidden to the States and the United States, be-
cause the sovereignty of neither extends to the
making of a law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts; so that if you had deliberately conspired
to break down all the safeguards of the tenth sec-
tion of the Constitution, no measure could have
been more effective than this one, which emits
$150,000,000 of bills of credit, makes them a legal
tender, and impairs all the contracts of the people,
more or less, everywhere.
But it may be said, this provision will keep the
notes at par, and therefore no disturbance can take
place; and this latter would be true, if the first
were. How is it? Most people have a notion that
a note is good just in proportion as it is readily
convertible into gold or silver; and I think this
cannot be supplied by any form of legislation hith-
erto discovered, and without this capacity in them
the law will not help. Cut that no doubt can
remain, the experiment has been tried, and with
much more vigor than is contemplated here, with
none but the most disastrous results. During the
French revolution, the assignats issued by the
Government were backed in every possible shape
and form, by every conceivable legal sanction, to
compel their circulation, still they sunk as rapidly
as though they had been left to the operation of
the natural law. Even the penalty of death im-
posed upon all who refused them did not help.
God be praised, we have not come to that here
yet. This bill does not provide that those who
refuse their commodities in exchange for these
notes shall incur penalties. How soon it may
come,none can tell,as it seems to follow in regu-
lar sequence.
One thing is certain, if it is not resorted to, the
people will protect themselves by abolishing all
trust, and requiring cash down. They may de-
cide that their property is better to keep than to
sell for Treasury notes, unless they can, at the
time of sale, be allowed to fix the true value of
them. When that takes place, the value of credit
itself as well as Treasury notes will begin to be
better understood; and that which is now consid-
ered so potent by many will be found of little avail
in a contest with the natural laws of trade and the
true laws of money.
I rejoice, however, Mr. President, that we are
not the judges here of the lost resort; another and
a coordinate branch of this Government must pass
upon the question before this obnoxious provision
can be enforced. The judiciary may intervene,
and if it does, I have no fears for the result; there
is not a judge in the land that I know of, who, I
think, would dare to decide that one of his suit-
ors should be compelled to accept anything but
gold and silver as money, np matter how many
acts of Congress there were to the contrary not-
withstanding. If there is such judge, I think he
should, as soon as possible, grt down from his
high position, before the number of those is much
increased who resort to him, and we are relieved
after that fashion. They would likely be impla-
cable enemies, and if suffered to multiply much,
might render his judicial seat hotter than it ought
to be to keep him impartial.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] has told us that a large number of people
from his State—indeed everybody—are very anx-
ious to have these notes made a legal tender. We
are told, too, that these people are creditors and
not debtors: that they want to be compelled to
take these notes in payment of their outstanding
claims, &c
Now apartfrom the obvious inquiry, as to what
prevents them from taking these noteswithout this
character, I will venture to say that the first per-
sons in the country most likely to invoke the ac-
tion of the courts upon the validity of a tender
made in these notes would be the princely mer-
chants ofBoston themselves. I would like to see
a western man from Wisconsin, Minnesota, or
Iowa, go down and offer to pay them on com-
pulsion " with these notes, because I do not doubt
at all, so much will they be found to resemble the
rest of mankind, that they would inform him that
if he had any fancy for the experiment, he might
go on and tender, &c., but as for them, they were
disposed to appeal to the proper tribunal to decide
