294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June A,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of JRebel Property—Mr. Porter.
Ho. of Reps.
seeds of discord, which have finally taken deep
root and culminated in this rebellion? The man
of mature years has lived to little purpose who
fails to see the tendency of this course so exten-
sively indulged in by the politteal leaders on either
side. As long, however,as practical conservative
men could have entire control of the affairs ofGov-
ernment the public had little to fear even from this
course; but it was constantly engendering sectional
hostility, and begetting a spirit of encroachment,
a desire on the one hand to ask and demand con-
gressional intervention to secure more enlarged
guarantees and greater protection to the institution
of slavery, and on the other hand to claim con-
gressional intervention to control and limit the
institution, and to exclude it from the Territories,
regardless of the wishes of the people thereof;
each party, of course, founding his claim upon his
own construction of the Federal Constitution.
1 assume, then, that this claim in favor of con-
gressional intervention on cither hand, to either
exclude or protect slavery in the newly acquired
Territories, regardless of the wishes of the inhab-
itants and people interested, has always, during
the history of this Government, engendered sec-
tional strife and discord; and wheneverit has been
attempted, has threatened the overthrow of the
Government; and whenever Congress has determ-
ined against such interference, and discouraged or
refused such agitation, harmony and fraternal feel-
ing have again been restored.
From the organization uf the Federal Govern-
ment under the Constitution until the year 1820,
when congressional intervention was first pro-
posed , there was peace and fraternal feeling among
ail the people of the Union, so far as the slavery
question was concerned; but m the organization
of all the Territories up to this time no attempt
was made at congressional interference. At that
time, on its first attempt, the Union was threat-
ened ,and was only saved by the compromise which
followed, known as the Missouri compromi«u . in
this memorable controversy, the majority of the
North in Congressdemandud that Congress should
forever prohibit slavery in all the territory acquired
from Fiance, extending from the State of Louis-
iana to the British possessions on the North, and
from the Mississippi river to the Rocky mount-
ains. The South, on the other hand, then stood
upon the ground of non-intervention, firmly de-
nying the right of Congress to interfere with the
subject. They did not then ask any protection
by Congress, as they have since. The issue was
matte up by one paity affirming itself for, and the
other affirming itself against congressional inter-
vention. That^ compromise was really what it
purports to be; it was accomplished by each party
yielding a portion of what was claimed by it, for
the sake of peace and the Union.
Again: after the acquisition of California and
New Mexico, an attempt to organize a territorial
government for this newly acquired Territory in
1849 and lo50 was made the occasion for a re-
newal of the same agitrttion, and was in almost
every respect similar to the Missouri controversy
of thirty years previous, and the Union was again
threatened as severely as ever before; but by the
interposition of the patriots of that day, led on by
the immortal Clay, of .Kentucky, the Union was
again arrested from danger by the adoption of the
compromise measures of that peiiod, by which it
was distinctly agreed that all questions pertaining
to slavery in the Territories and in the new States
to be formed therefrom were to be left to the de-
cision of the people residing therein, by their ap-
propt iate representatives, to be chosen by them
for timt purpose. Thus the doctrine of non-inter-
venhon by Congress was adopted as the true policy
of the Federal Government; and again, for a time,
peace and fratei nal feeling prevailed and continued
to prrvaiJ between the two sections until congres-
sional intervention was again proposed and de-
manded, persistently and resolutely, since when
there has been no peace, and can be none until
practical men, disposed to conduct the legislation
and the ad ministration of the affairs ofGovernment
upon the basis of the Constitution as iHs, shall take
the place of those, who, regardless of its obliga-
tions, seek now to warp it to meet their own views.
What is rematkable is, that congressional in-
tervention on this last occasion was demanded on
. both sides—-the one toexciude slavery from, and
the other to protect and secure slavery in, the
Territories—each urging its claims as a matter of.
right uncle* the Constitution, and each utterly re-
fusing to accept anything short of the accomplish-
ment of its ends. Thus a conflict was almost in-
evitable; itcould scarcely be avoided. True, there
was a conservative party in the North, composed
of the old National Whigs and Douglas Democ-
racy, who still adhered to the spirit of the compro-
mise measures of 1850, and firmly planted them-
selves upon the great doctrines ofnon-interf%ntion
by Congress upon the subject, and proposed to
leave the whole subject to be disposed of by the
people of the Territories, through their represent-
atives; but this conservative party was in a hope-
less minority, and alone could do nothing to con-
trol the public affairs of the country, or to save it
from what they saw and predicted would follow.
There was also a conservative party in the South
who planted themselves upon the Constitution,
but they, too, were in a hopeless minority. That
portion of the radical fanatics of the South who had
acted with the Democratic party demanded that a
new plank should be incorporated in the platform
of that party, pledging it to the principle of con-
gressional intervention in favor of such security
and protection to slavery as they demanded; and
on the refusal of the Democratic party to make
this change, they separated from and repudiated
their former political associates at the Charleston
convention, and openly declared that they pre-
ferred the success of their most bitter and radical
opponents, who advocated the new plank of po-
litical principleson theotherside, of congressional
action to exclude slavery from the Territories; not
because they preferred this to non-intervention,
but because it would tend to exasperate the peo-
ple of their section, and thus enable them the more
easily to break up the Government, and sever en-
tirely from all connection with the Union, determ-
ined to either sustain this new principle in the
construction of the Constitution or to dissolve the
Government. The radical politicians on the other
side, who had also determined to incorporate the
said new doctrine of exclusion by congressional
action, also firmly adhered to theirdetermination;
not because it would tend to ameliorate the con-
dition of the slave, nor because it would remove
the bonds of slavery from one single soul, for it
would do neither, but because it would tend to limit
the territorial jurisdiction of slavery, and thus, as
it was claimed, tend to limit its political power,
and nothing- more.
In conclusion, then, I affirm that slavery was
not the cause of the war. There was no real cause
for the rebellion. It had its origin in the illegit-
imate and heated agitation of the slavery question,
between the abolitionists of the North and fire-
eaters of the South. It was a wicked attempt by
ambitiousmen, dissatisfied with our present Gov-
ernment, to break it up, and establish another
upon its ruins more aristocratic in its nature, and
more suited to their laste; and the criminations
and recriminations thus indulged in on either side,
together with the threatened invasion of political
rights, all conspired to produce a sectional hatred
among the people of the South against those of
the North, and enabled these desperate leaders to
carry the masses with them in the rebellion. The
whole thing was thus carried forward upon a false-
hood; it could have been done in no other way,
for I say here that whatever ground of complaint
may have existed against individual States who
had, by legislative acts, attempted to obstruct the
execution of those laws of Congress in which the
slave States alone were interested, whatever com-
plaint might justly have been made against indi-
viduals and societies for advocating, proposing,
attempting,or threatening suchobstructionsvthere
never was a time when just complaint could be
made against the Federal Government itself. It
had at all times been faithful to its obligations
under the Constitution upon this subject, regard-
less of all the higher law and kindred teachings
of some of us citizens. When it failed to do this,
and not before, complaint might have been made.
To restore the Constitution permanently, and
to renew the harmony and fraternal feeling which
is necessary to the peace and prosperity of the
country, it is absolutely necessary to crush out all
rebellion against the Government, and place in
power those who will in future conduct all the
affairs of Government upon the basis of the Con-
stitution as it is in all its parts, without any ex-
ception. No one of its provisions is of more bind-
ing force than any other; discard one, and we may
as well discard the whole. Our only safety is in
a full and complete restoration. This done, then
to insure our future safety and prosperity, it will
only be necessary to observe and faithfully keep, in
spirit and in truth, the anxious injunctions of the
Father o.f his Country in his Farewell Address to
the people of the United States, as set forth in the
following extiact:
"The unity of government, which constitutes you one
people, is also now dear to you. It is justly >o, for it is a
mam pillar in the edifice of youi real independence; the
suppoit of your tranquillity at home, your peace broad; of
your safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty which
you so highly prize. But "as it is eas-y to fotesee that from
different causes and different qumters much pains will be
taken, many artifices'employed to weaken in >our ininds
the conviction of this truth—as this is the point in your
political fortress againstwhich the batteries of internal and
external enemies will be most constantly and actively
(though often coveitly and insidiously) directed, it is of in-
finite moment that you should properly estimate the im-
mense value of your national Union to your collective and
individual happiness. That you should cherish a cordial,
habitual, and immovable attachment to it, accustoming
yourselves to think and speak of it as of the palladium ot
your political safety and prosperity, watching lor its pres-
ervation with jealous anxiety, discountenancing whatever
may suggest even a suspicion that it can in any event be
abandoned, and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning
of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from
the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred tics which now link together
the various parts."
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G. PORTER,
0.6' INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
. June 4, 1862.
Mr. PORTER having moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bil-l of the House Wo. 472, to
free from servitude the slaves of rebels engaged in
abetting the existing rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States, was rejected, addiessed
the House,as follows:
Mr. Speaker: My purpose in moving to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill reported from the
special committee by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] was rejected, was, as I have
heretofore explained, to enable me to offer an
amendment limiting the slaves to be emancipated
by virtue of the provisions of the bill to those held
by the conspirators who originated this rebellion
and those conspicuous classes who have chiefly
fostered and encouraged it and been its main pil-
lars and supports. The previous question having
been sustained before I had an opportunity to offer
an amendment, there was no way left but a resort
to this circuitous and awkward method to reach
the object which I desired to attain.
The bill reported by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts provided for an indiscriminate and
sweeping liberation of the slavesof all persons who
have been implicated, however remotely or indi-
rectly, in this rebellion. Itseemed to me to inflict
a severe and excessive chastisement upon many
who have been drawn into the rebellion by mon-
strous misrepresentation, misapprehension and
delusion, and who,if the pressure which hasover-
borne them were for a day removed, would in-
stantly and gladly return to their allegiance. But
this was by no means the gravest objection. I
feared that it would render insecure the right to
persons held to service by loyal men, under the
solemn protection of the Federal Constitution in
the rebellious States, .who have under every cir-
cumstance of insult, oppression, and humiliation,
been faithful to their allegiance. Nor was I less
apprehensive that it would tend to create a not ill-
founded uneasiness and alarm in the minds of
loyal men in the border slaveholding States, who,
however much their conduct may have been
lightly criticised, have exhibited their devotion to
the Union by sending into the field many thou-
sand brave men to vindicate the insulted honor of
our flag and restore the supremacy of the Consti-
tution.
The kind of a bill, which, in my judgment,
ought to be passed, is one which will deprive of
their slaves all those conspicuous criminals who,
by their official and social positions, are the chief
