1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
its validity. They, too, would confide in a judge
whose intellect had been dwaifed by the law,
whose reason had been long cramped and fettered
by rules most maturely considered, who could not
get out of the judicial grooves in which all reason,
all authority, and all pieeedent lie, and who*reads
the Constitution not to pervert it, but to make it
avail. And I would ask now, what chance, be-
fore such" a man, with the actual case before him,
with his conscience alive (o his duty in the prom-
ises, would this plea of legnl tender and satisfac-
tion have? Not much, I should think. All the
arguments of Government necessity, &e., would
melt away like frost-work in the sun before the
actual injustice of the individual case, and your
tender would be declared worthless as the raw ma-
terial composing it; the delusion has vanished.
But in what position will that leave us? We
have violated our Constitution; we have ignored
the teachings of our ancestors and the wisdom
they achieved for us at such cost; in short, we
have disgraced ourselves tonopurpose, despite the
teachings of our history. For I protest that if
there is one thing more than another which we
ought to know—one thing which three millions
of a past generation of our countrymen suffered
intensely for long years to learn, and which they
bequeathed to us as a legacy in a lesson—it is the
utter and miserable folly of attempting, by means
of legislation, to change lampblack and rags into
money.
Twenty-five millions of Frenchmen, too, in the
storm of revolution, adventured themselves upon
this dire experiment only to end in an imperial
despotism. It was welcome to them, because, de-
spotic as it was, it acknowledged the supremacy
of the natural laws of trade, and liberated them
from the blind folly of popular tyrants who had
ground the life out of them by crude and clumsy
attempts like this, to do what in the nature of
things was impossible, and not knowing that there
are numberless terrestrial mischiefs as much out
of the reach of legislation as the people in the
moon are outside of it. Lack of credit is one of
them; to attempt to cure it is to introduce a thou-
sand times greater mischief, because, although an
individual can well afford to be poor, they never
dare to be unjust and given to falsehood. Still,
I hear the question asked, "if we do not resort to
this measure what shall we do ?" as though it were
the only thing .left.
Mr. President, I do not think the end of the
world has yet come; and I by no means despair
of our condition. Every man, I suppose, has been
in like straits at some time or other, when he was
tempted to listen to some hollow sham and delu-
sion like this to extricate himself. My answer to
you is precisely what it would have been to him
had he sought my counsel: " Behonestand true;
look your difficulties full in the face; and having
once fairly grappled them, they are half overcome
by that alone." Let us do the same; we are in
want of money; must have it; and gentlemen, to
frighten us, say, if we desire to borrow it as other
people borrow, our credit is so low that our bonds
would only be worth sixty cents on the dollar. I
do not believe it, Mr. President—nota word of it;
but, for the sake of the argument, I will gladly
take it for granted. Let it be so, and I am will-
ing to stand the shave of forty per cent, to save
the Constitution from ourselves. Ay, sir, and
then to put in the other sixty in cash, to save it
from our enemies. It is cheap at all this to us,
our children, to mankind. Go out, then, and bor-
row 011 those terms, if need be; but let it be done
fairly and in open day, without fraud or conceal-
ment, and success is certain; because every good
man will square himself to the actual necessities
of the case. Resort, however, to this delusive
scheme, and you will be led away into that fatal
bog, where every stnp you make to extricate your-
selves, will only sink you deeper, till you and
your bonds sink together into the grave of the
assignat, or into that great national catacomb of
ours, in which lie buried §300,000,000 of Conti-
nental money, which even tender clau3es and dread
penalties could not make go as against the simplest
natural law of finance.
We are told, however, that it is too late to re-
sort to taxation now to give these notes credit.
Well, if you can give them credit by a tender
clause, I do not know why you should tax to do
it, inasmuch as the latter is really a very unpleas-
ant affair, and I should think people would not
willingly resort to it if there was an easier way.
Your tax-mill grinds money, but the paper-mill
only rags, and the history of both is always the
same—ever recurring.
But I would say as long as we delude ourselves
with this scheme, those who have to pay taxes
will delude themselves also; and when you have
issued your first batch of $100,000,000 you will
find yourselves perhaps just as far as ever from a
tax bill. Then we must resort to another and
another, until it will end m utter ruin. Why not?
Has any Government ever stopped with a single
issue of this kind? If so, when? Or has not the
first begat the second, the second begat the third,
and so 011 throughout the series?
This,too,seems to be the hidden mischief which
pervades all schemes of the kind. I suppose all
Governments resorted to them as temporary ex-
pedients at first, intending to stop on the thresh-
old, but could not.
There is another difficulty occurs to me here,
and not being a financier, I cannot solve it. Wiil
the $100,000,000 allowed by this bill displace a
like amount of money already in circulation, or
will it be added to it? If it is simply added to it,
then I do understand that, money being the meas-
ure of value, we will nominally increase values
materially by that addition, if we add one third
to the whole circulation, we will increase values
one third, other things (supply and demand) being
equal. And as the Government is to-day the
largest consumer and heaviest purchaser by far
in our market, it would seem to be exceeding folly
for her to raise prices. She might as well lose
twenty-five per cent, on the sale of her bonds as
to be obliged, in avoiding it, to pay twenty-five
per cent, more for everything she buys; much
better, too, for if in that process she disturbed her
own affairs, theie is no reason why she should
disturb those of the people also, especially when
she gained nothing by it. Nothing, indeed, can
be more ruinous to any community than those
inflations, because it is impossible to stop them
i till the bubble bursts—the issues creating them
being limited only by the supply of lampblack and
rags. Simple people, too, are in the habit of re-
joicing in them as evidence of prosperity; and if
\ve kept on raising prices higher and higher, even
by invoking moonshine, we would have plenty
of backers.
One thing more, Mr. President, and I am done.
It has been said that this bill wiil relieve the peo-
ple from the clutches of the bankers and brokers,
&.c.f and that any one who opposes it, is of course
friendly to and sustaining their interests. Sir, I do
not choose to be threatened with any such bugbear
as this. I am not most remotely connected with
banks or brokers; surely they have no money of
mine, and it is very seldom indeed I have any of
theirs. I do not li\ e within thirty miles of a bank,
and have not now and never had a dollar of their
stocks, and, of course, I care nothing about them,
furthei than is fair and right. Still, I do not un-
derstand it, when 1 am told by all the advocates
of this bill that all of these same people, almost
without exception, are m favor of it. I suppose
they arc the financiers—the gieat financiers of the
country—of whom we have heard so much, and
to whose opinions we must all yield. If so, they
ai e more patriotic and magnanimous than they arc
reckoned to be, 111 thus devoting themselves to
this scheme, which is to be the death of their in-
terests. It may bo true, but the Jews may believe
it for me.
Still I am free to confess I never could under-
stand financiers,ortheirschemes, and thisposition
attributed to them does not startle me, however
incicdible. I believe those schemes always con-
template paying money, without money, which
I nevercould do. If I owe money, I expecteither
to take my own to do it with, or borrow it from
somebody else fur that purpose, which latter oper-
ation has, to be sure, something of the financial
in if. hut it was painfully simple in all its detail,
and as a result, I never found I was much the
better for it. My own money had always to finish
tin1 job. I have only to say, then, that if I know
it, I am not in favor of bankers and brokers, and
! against the Government or Administration. On
the other hand, I am a true friend of both, al-
though I seldom boast of it. I give them all the
aid I can in my humble way, and I never charge
them publicly to the country of being guilty of all
the crimes on the calendar, from high treason
down to petty larceny. I have never complained
of their negligence or inactivity, and I have en-
deavored, as far as I could, to cover with the man-
tle of charity ail their errois, either of commis-
sion or omission, expecting many such in these
times us unavoidable. ^
I am also willing to.yield to their better judg-
ment in all matters of policy or of expediency;
but I am still my own conscience keeper, and in
all questions of power under the Constitution, I
must judge for myself and act accordingly. That
Constitution is the charted of ourlibertiea,andthe
covenant for the Union which we are all so anx-
ious to preserve and defend. I will stand upon
it to the last, despite every necessity, however
imperious; and if the time comes when we must
all go down together, 1 say let it come; but let us
go down as honest men with our faith unviolated;
and in that spirit, 1 hope the amendment to the
bill may prevail.
Mr.DOOLlTTLE addressed the Senate on the
same subject. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.j
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire,"Mr. President, to
say a very few words on this branch of the sub-
ject. 1 do not myself perceive the necessity of
the enactment now proposed to be stricken out,
and therefore I intend to vote for striking it out.
I think the constitutional objection is about as
difficult a matter to get over as any thing could well
be. 1 was a little surprised to hear the Senator
from Massachusetts say that the objections of the
Senator from Vermont to the bill with the legal
tender clause were just as applicable to the notes
issued under the bill without it. Without pro-
fessing to have a very nice discrimination in my
mind, I can see a great distinction between the
cases. If the legal tender clause is out these are
not bills of credit, according to my notion, but
mere evidences of debt, and the Government has
a right to pass them anywhere; and if it owes a
man ten dollars, it has a right to say on paper that
it promises to pay it when it gets ready. But in
the contemplation of the Constitution the old-fash-
ioned bills of credit were promises to pay, with a
State law enforcing their passage against the will
of those who were to take them. Those were the
national bills of credit, which were made a tender
by State laws under the old Confederation. It was
the precise description of paper that the framers
of the Constitution intended to prohibit; and it
seems to me that no man with his eyes open can
read the debates and look at the proceedings of the
convention without knowing that they intended
to prohibit this Government, as well as the State
governments, from issuing such paper. I never
could come to any other conclusion in my life. I
cannot agree with the Senator from'Wisconsin
that a bank note issued by a corporation, either
State or national, comes within that category at
all. It never did, and never was so regarded by
the framers of the Constitution. The Bank of
North America, a State institution in Pennsyl-
vania, was in existence when the Constitution was
adopted, and its framers never attempted to dis-
turb that institution 01* thought of doing it. It was
never complained of. It was the only financial
agent of any consequence we had during the Rev-
olution, and it did us a wonderful sight of good.
The Providence Bank, in Rhode Island, was es-
tablished while the FirstCongress was in session,
and nobody ever dreamed or said that it was un-
constitutional. Bank bills, as I said the other day,
contain a promise to pay, and the holder has it in
his power to enforce payment by legal pioces.s;
but there is nothing of the kind in one of the notes
we propose to issue. I agree that these notes are
not as good as bank notes with the legal tender
clause out; that is, they are subject to more objec-
tion; but then they are not subject to the consti-
tutional objection, and therefore 1 shall vote to
circulate them.
Then,further, I shall vote to make them as good
as a tender. I never saw any way to make paper
money circulate but to make it so that people
were tlesirous of getting it. That is the reason
bank notes circulate; and I intend to offer, at the
proper time, an amendment to insert a provision
in this bill, which, I think, will induce all the
moneyed institutions to take these bills over their
counters in payment of their debts.
I was a little surprised to hear the Senator/roni
Ohio sav, that theaddition of $100,000,000 by this
bill, or $110,000,000, including the little bill we
