1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr. Porter.
Ho. op Rkps.
support of the rebellion, and without whom it
could not continue for an hour.
At the proper time, therefore, if the motion to
reconsider shall prevail, I will move to recommit
the bill to the special committee on confiscation,
with instructions to report in its stead the substi-
tute which J send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That all right, title, interest, and claim whatever, of every
person comprehended within the following enumerated
classes, in and to the service or labo of any other person
or persons held to service or labor in any State under the
laws thereof, is hereby declared forfeited, and such persons
so held to service or labor, commonly called slaves, are
hereby declared forever discharged from such service or la-
bor, and to be freemen, to wit: First, of every person who
shall hereafter act as an officer of the army or navy of the
rebels in arms against theGovernment of the United States.
Secondly, of every person who shall hereafter net as pres-
ident, vice president, member of congress, judge of any
court, cabinet officer, foreign minister, commissioner, or
consul of the so-called confederate States of America.
Thirdly, of every pci&on who shall hereafter act as Governor
of a State, member of a convention or Legislature, or j udge
of any State court ot the so-called confederate States of
America. Fouithly, of every person who, having held an
office of honor, trust, or profit in the United States, shall
hereafter hold an office in the so-called confederate States
of America. Fifthly, of every person who shall hereafter
hold any office or agency under the government of the so-
called confederate Suites of America, or under any of the
several States of the said confederacy, or the laws thereof,
whether such office or agency be national, State, or munic-
ipal in its name or character: Provided, That the persons
thirdly and fifthly above described shall have accepted their
appointment or election since the date ot the ptetended or-
dinance of secession of the State, or shall have taken an oath
of allegiance to the so-called confederate States. Sixthly,
ofeveiy person not embraced in the foregoing classes who,
after the passage of this act, being actually, willfully, and
without coercion or compulsion engaged in armed rebellion
against the Government of the United States, shall not,
within sixty days after public warning and proclamation
duly given and made, at his discretion," by the President of
the United States, lay down his arms and icturn to his al-
legiance to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the President shall
appoint one or moie commissioners for each State by whose
laws persons are held to service or labor lor life, to make a
list of the names and residences of the per>onsin the States
respectively held to service and labor by any person or per-
sons described in the foregoing section, and in the fourth
section of an act entitled "An act to confiscate propcity
used for insurrectionary purposes," approved Augu^ 6,
1881, and of the names of the persons claiming to be enti-
tled to such service or labor, which list shall be returned as
speedily as may be to the distnctcourtofthe United States
for the district where the persons to held to service or labor
may reside; and immediately on such return the distuct
court shall publish the said list of names and an order re-
quiting all persons claiming the service or labor of any of
the persons named in the list to appearand show cause why
the person or persons owing labor or service should not be
discharged therefrom under this act at the next term of said
court; and on failure of any one to appear and claim the
servicc or labor of any of the persons reported to owe fhc
same, such person or persons shall be declared fiee by the
court; and on appearance the claimant shall file with his
application an affidavit that he has not belonged and does
not belong to any of the classes of persons specified in the
first section of this act, and that he will forever bear true
faith and allegiance to the United States; and it not being
comprehended in either of the classes specified in the fiist,
second, third, fourth, or fifth specifications of the first sec-
tion of this act, lie shall have been engaged in armed rebel-
lion against the Government of the United States after hav-
ing received sixty days' warning by proclamation of the
President, as above provided, and shall allege that he has
been so engaged under compulsion, he shall, in addition,
state in his affidavit the fact and the manner of compulsion,
and prove the same, prima facie, to the satisfaction of the
court j and upon such affidavit having been filed and proof
made, the attorney for the United States, or anyone on be-
half of the person held to service or labor, must prove to the
satisfaction of the court that the claimant did so engage in
armed rebellion witiiout the compulsion alleged, and on
failure of such proof the person whose service or labor is
claimed shall be restored to the claimant; but on the fail-
ure or refusal of any claimant to take any affidavit above
required, or to prove the compulsion when it is alleged as
an excuse, the court shall declare the person whose service
or labor is claimed free from such service or labor; and the
court shall give every person so declared free a certificate
of the fact under the seal of the court; and such certificate
shall be conclusive evidence of the freedom of such person
from all service or labor against all persons whatsoever,
and in all courts of the States or of the United States; and
any person so declared free, if thereafter seized or im-
prisoned or held m duress in any way by any person under
a claim to such peison's service or labor, shall be foithwith
discharged on habeas corptis by any court or judge of the
United States; and the couit or judge acting on said wut
shall commit for trial foi kidnapping the person so holding
the said freedman; and on conviction of seizing or holding
the said freedman, knowing him to have been declared free
by a court of the United States, the person so convicted
shall be scntenccd to be confined at hard labor in the peni-
tentiary for not less than one year nor more than five years;
and any person corruptly swearing falsely in any proceed-
ing under this act shall be guilty of perjury, and liable, on
conviction, to the penalties thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacteil> That any person or per-
sons held to service or labor by persons embraced in the
classes specified in the first section of this act, if omitted
from the commissioner's list, mav, on summary application
to the district court of the United States for tho district in
which he resides, be placed on the list, and shall be entitled
to the same proceedings and benefits, and subject and en-
titled to the same judgments, and,to 'be dealt with in the
same manner as if his name had been placed on the list by
the commissioners. And if the commissioners eanuytcom-
plcte their lists prior to the fiist term of the district court
of the United States for any distnet, they shall be allowed
to continue and pursue their investigations till they shall
be completed and ended; and the compensation ot each
shall b<*not more than $2,000.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no person dis-
charged under this act, or the act entitled " An act to con-
fiscate property used for insuriectionaly purpose," ap-
pioved August 6, 1861, nor the descendants of any such
person, shall ever be reduced to involuntary servitude by
any law or regulation of any State; and every such person
shall always be entitled to be discharged Ity any court or
judge of the United States,on habeas corpus, from any such
servitude.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That whenever any per-
son or persons claiming to be entitled to the service or labor
of any other person or persons, commonly called slaves,
shall seek to enforce such claim, he or they (as the case
may be) shall, in the first instance, and befoie any order
shall be made for the surrender of the person, establish, not
only a legal and valid claim to such scrvice or labor, but
also make and file an affidavit that he or they have not be-
longed, and do not belong, to any of the classes of persons
specified in the first section of this act; and it shall he a
sufficient defense to any such claim that the claimant has
belonged, or does belong, to either of said classes.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to negotiate tor the
acquisition, by treaty or otherwise, of lands or countries in
Mexico, Central America, or South America, or in the isl-
ands of the Gulf of Mexico, or for the right of settlement
upon the lands of said countiies; and whenever any lands
shall have been so acquired, or whenever the right of settle-
ment shall have been so secuicd in any of said lands, then
the President shall cause all the persons who shall have
been liberated under the provisions of this act to be ic-
moved, with their own consent, at such times and under
such regulations as he may deem expedient, to the coun-
tries so acquiied, oi in winch the right of settlement has
been so seemed, and shall cause n reasonable quantity of
land, not exceeding foity acres to any individual, or eighty
acres to the head ot a family, to be set apait tor the use of
such liberated persons, ;uid shall guaranty to all such pei-
sons so removed all the civil and political' rights sccured to
all other citizens in said countiies; and for the purpose of
paying the expense of the purchase of such lands oi coun-
tries as aforesaid, (if the same cannot be acquired by treaty,)
and the removal ot said persons, the Presidentshall use such
moneys as Congress may from tune to time direct, arising
out of the sales of the property formeily owned by rebels,
and which shall have been confiscated to the use of the
United States.
Skc. 7, And be it further enacted, That every person em-
braced in any or the classes specified in section one of this
act shall forever hereafter be incapable of holding oi exor-
cising any office of honor, tiust, or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to allow me to suggest an amendment for
the purpose of making clear the legal effect of the
second section of thesubstitute which he proposes.
Mr. PORTER. I shall be compelled to decline
the request of the gentleman from Ohio. If I open
the way for one I must admit all. I respectfully,
therefore, decline to yield.
Mr. BINGHAM. My only purpose was to
suggest an amendment for the purpose of carry-
ing out what evidently is his object in the second
section of the bill.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
This is not tho time to offer amendments. There
has been no reconsideration, and it is not compe-
tent, therefore, for any amendment to be offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion of order cannot be raised until some amend-
ment is proposed to be offered.
Mr. HICKMAN. Tho gentleman from Ohio
desired to offer an amendment, as I undeistood.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand him.
Mr. PORTER. While I cannot give way to the
gentleman from Ohio to offer an amendment, I am
willing to hear his suggestion.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
question of order. I do not understand that it is
in order for the gentleman to yield tlii floor, and
I must object to any proceeding that is not strictly
in order.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to make an in-
quiry of tho gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to the gentleman
from Indiana giving way for any purpose what-
ever, unless he does it unconditionally.
Mr. DAWES. I was merely going to make
the inquiry whether I understood the gentleman
from Indiana correctly to indicate his purpose not
to permit any amendment whatever to his propo-
sition.
Mr. BINGHAM. I mustobjectto any.inquiry.
If the gentleman from Indiana'cannotbe permitted
to yield to ono side,J object to his yielding to the
other.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I willmerely
say that I am willing that there shall be a free in-
quiry, if the question can be opened to all of us.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say, with the consent
of my friend from Ohio 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. PORTER. The question having been put
by the gentleman from Massachusetts,! have the
right, notwithstanding it may have been out ol
order, to answer it. I will, therefore, say that it
is not my purpose at this time to receive amend-
ments, nor do 1 suppose that any amendment is
in order. My purpose is, if the motion to recon-
sider shall prevail, to move to recommit tho bill
to the special committee, with instructions to re-
port the substitute which has been read at the
Clerk's desk, unless it shall be the desire of the
House to act finally upon it at this time. When
that substitute shall have been reported, it will be
within the discretion of the House to receive or
refuse amendments.
Mr. Speaker, I have said that the purpose of this
bill was to strike an effective blow at the leaders
of this rebellion, but not at the same time, like the
bill reported by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, to menace or disturb the constitutional rights
of the loyal citizens of the slaveholding States. I
have said that its purpose was to deprive the lead-
ers of this rebellion of their property in slaves,
but at the same time not to destroy the security of
the domestic institutions of any of the slavehold-
ing States.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will tho gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 object.
Mr. PORTER. The point of order having
been made, I must decline to yield to anybody.
I do not affect to disguise, sir, that if the sub-
stitute which I have indicated shall be enacted,
will operate to emancipate a very large number of
slaves. Nor, sir, do I doubt that it will quite nearly,
if not altogether, destroy the institution of slavery
as a mere political and governing power. Nor is
that to be lamented. But it will not destroy it as
adomcsticinstitution,nor impair,in any way,the
rights of the loyal people ofthe slavehoIdingStates.
I think there are few persons of sober judgment
who will not now admit that if the institution of
slavery had not been wielded, as it has been for
the last few years, as a political power, it would
have been far more secure, and that the interests
of those concerned in it will be best subserved by
forever withdrawing it from the fields of political
strife. The emancipation of the large number of
slaves who would be set free by the operation of
the substitute which has been read, would not tend,
if allowed to take place peacefully, to weaken or
imperil the rights of loyal men in the slaveholding
States to persons hold to'service, nor disturb their
industrial interests, nor loosen the foundations of
social order. A conspicuous proof of the truth of
this assertion is furnished by the State of Mary-
land. With the exception of a partial insecurity
in that part of the State next to an extensive bor-
der upon a free State, arising from facilities of es-
cape, there is no State in which slaves arc held more
securely than in the State of Maryland. Yet, ac-
cording to the census of 1860, with a slave pop-
ulation of eighty-seven thousand one hundred and
eighty-eight, she has a free colored population ot
eighty-three thousand seven hundred and eighteen.
One half, therefore, within a small fraction, of the
colored population of that State are free. Yet who
has ever heard that the presence of that free pop-
ulation has excited uneasiness or alarm among the
owneis of slaves, or has weakened the tenure by
which slaves are held to service, or has injured
the industrial interests of the State ?
In 1859, when the slavery agitation was at its
height, there was held in Baltimore what was dis-
tinctly known as the " slaveholders' convention
of the State of Maryland." It whs a large assem-
blage, and none but slaveholders were admitted as
members. A resolution that the Legislature of the
State should be requested,atitsnextsession there-
after, " to terminate free-negroism in Maryland a'
