1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2WI
It must be apparent that if the Government of
the United States would continue to pay the same
rate of interest that is allowed throughout the Uni-
ted States by the savings banks, the amount on
deposit would reach a vast sum. There are in
every State, in every city, large amounts of trust
funds, funds belonging to minors, heirs, funds tied
up in court, funds large and funds small, the sav-
ings of the poor and the vast accumulations of the
rich. Pay the same amount of interest that is paid
by the savings banks and your Treasury will be-
come plethoric with this money. It would be
considered patriotic by these individuals to pay
their little all or their large all into the Treasury
of the United States; and it would not only be
deemed so by them, but it would really be a pa-
triotic act on their part to place their money at the
disposal of the Government of the United States
in its time of trial.
During the winter of 1860-61, it will be recol-
lected that the then Secretary of the Treasury,
Howell Cobb, the traitor, threw upon the market
a quantity of bonds, and proclaimed that the Gov-
ernment of the United States was destroyed and
that the bonds were not worth the paper upon
which they were printed. At that time we were
compelled to go into the market and borrow money
at twelve per cent, per annum, or one per cent, per
month, to pay the ordinary civil expenses of this
Government. It will be likewise recollected thaton
the 4th of March, 1863, the traitor Secretary of the
Treasury, Howell Cobb, some time before having
left his office to promote rebellion, our twenty year
bonds were worth but eighty-four cents on the
dollar. The patriotic effort then made to sustain
this Government held them at that price for some
time, and in the course of a month or two they
began to appreciate. The banks and bankers of
our great moneyed cities came to the relief of the
Government and took $50,000,000, and then an-
other $50,000,000, and then another $50,000,000,
until they said, " we are full and can give you no
more money." What did we do then: The banks
had done nobly; they were full; they had taken
all that they could carry, and more than they
ought to be asked to carry. What was ouraction
then? We appealed to the people; we said to the
people everywhere: " here are Government securi-
ties in large or m small sums; you can have them in
fifty dollar Treasury notes or in §50,000; come one,
come all, and help to sustain the Government in
her hour of peril." The bank attempt had been a
failure; how was it when you appealed to the na-
tion? Why, sir, the nation came up as one man,
and yourTreasury became almostplethoricunder
an expenditure of $2,000,000 a day, for that was
the expenditure during a long period last sum-
mer, when we were purchasing such vast amounts
of materials of war, ships, and supplies for your
Army and Navy. Notwithstanding these vast
expenditures, when you appealed to the people
they came up as one man, and you were saved
financially when the whole world proclaimed that
you were and must continue to be bankrupt.
Early in this session of Congress we pledged
the nation—fori do consider it a pledge to the
world—to raise $150,000,000 by taxation. Our
pledges up to this date have not affected our credit
abroad; but they have carried your six per cent,
bonds from ninety cents on the dollar to one hun-
dred and seven. They were above coin,and there
they stood until this, in my estimation, unfortu-
nate recommendation was made to issue another
$150,000,000 of Treasury notes.
I hope this resolution will pass and pass unan-
imously. I consider it a duty we owe to the coun-
try, a duty we owe to ourselves, to proclaim that
underno circumstances shall a currency irredeema-
ble in coin beyond the present issue of $150,000,000
be thrust upon the money markets of the country.
1 hope it will be done, and, as I have shown, it is
ample, it is more than we can use. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury told me only yesterday he
had issued but $90,000,000 of the $150,000,000 up
to this date. Well, sir, $100,000,000, I believe,
is all we can ever use. What we want is to offer
every facility for receiving these notes back either
on deposit at five per cent., or in exchange for our
twenty year bonds, or in exchange for permanent
securities, or in receipt for taxes, or in receipt for
duties; that we should offer every facility for a
rapid circulation of these legal tender Treasury
notes; that we should make them do the work not
only of the $150,000,000 they represent, but the
entire work that the Treasury requires to be done.
I believe, as I have already shown, if they are
worked up to their capacity they will do the work
of $1,800,000,000 a year; and that is in exact ac~
coidance with the bank circulation of the country
for the last twenty-five years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have but a few words
to say on this subject, and only a few moments
in which to say them, so I cannotsay many. On
thegeneral principles which the Senator has enun-
ciated with reference to circulation, and the ex-
treme danger of issuing more than is needed of
currency of this kind, nobody will disagree with
him. We arc all of the same opinion in regard to
that; every person who has paid any attention
to the subject has no doubt about it. I agree
with him that perhaps for purposes of circulation
merely, to which he has addressed his argument,
the amount of notes now out might be amply
sufficient, and I do not know but that it is suffi-
cient for all purposes; but the Senator will re-
member that merely to supply a deficiency of
circulation for the Northwest, which was the pri-
mary ground upon which headvised, as he says,
the issue of $]00,000$p0, was not the only or the
leading reason for issuing or authorizing the issue
of $150,000,000 of United States notes which are
now out. Another, and the great reason upon
which it was carried, was the necessity of pro-
tecting the Government, furnishing the Govern-
ment in its need with something that could be
used in payment of its debts, that it might not he
at the mercy of others. I do not suppose that that
bill would have ever passed upon the mere ground
offurmshingcurrency or of supplying a deficiency
of currency.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will pardon
me, I merely gave that as one reason. 1 did not
give it as the primary reason.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That reason which was
given by him was the foundation of all his rea-
soning upon the subject which he has since given.
We did that as a matter of necessity to supply the
wants of the Government, and not even primarily
for the purpose of supplying the deficiency of
currency; and therefore, while I am disposed to
admit, because I do not deem it material, that for
that purpose everything has been accomplished
by the amount that has been authorized and
which is now out, it does not follow by any means
that it is sufficient for other purposes. I will not
even express the opinion that it is sufficient for all
purposes; for upon that I am not disposed to ex-
press an opinion at the present time. I regret
very much that the Secretary of the Treasury has
found it necessary in his judgment—without at
thisiimc saying whether 1 agree with him ornot—
to recommend an increase of the issue of notes of
that description; for to a certain extent, unques-
tionably, that recommendation has affected the
money market; but the rise in the price of gold,
I apprehend, is not solely owing to that. There
are other considerations which go to affect itvery
materially; and particularly the fact that at this
period and for a considerable time past, our ex-
ports have been so very sm%ll that we are becom-
ing in debt and have been runningin debt, and we
are obfcged to send forward larger quantities of
gold than usual to pay our debts abroad. That
always affects the market, and that the Senator
will see stated m the papers is one cause affecting
the iise in gold. He undeistands very well that
that is one very strong reason why gold has taken
its sudden start. How far it has been affected by
the cause to ^-hich the Senator attributes it, re-
mains to be seen; we are not exactly able to say.
While I am not prepared to say that I concur
with the Secretary, or that I disagree with the
Secretary either, but wish to leave that matter open
for consideration, 1 do not think it would be wise
fo r the Senate to-day, without an examination, and
a careful examination of the subject, to dccide. I
do not think it would be wise for us nor respect-
ful to the head of the Treasury Department, be-
fore the matter has been referred to a committee
and examined, and his reasons more maturely
weighed, for us at once to dccide that in no case
shall this amount be increased.^ I can see that it
is possible, though I do not believe it is probable,
that there may be such a state of things as will
require us to issue larger amounts merely for the
purpose of enabling the Government to get along.
I do not believe it will be necessary, but still it
may be; and an opinion to the contrary, contained
in a resolution passed" at the present time, would
be an opinion which'we might be obliged to take
back. It would exereise, perhaps, a wholesome
influenceuponthe money market to-day, butupon
all these things we should not proceed in so much
of a hurry; there is no necessity for haste." We
owe a wise deliberation and consideration to every
proposition that is made to us by the Secretary .
of the Treasury, for wc must concede that his op- 1
portunities to know what is necessary are better
than ours.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator will suspend his remarks;
it is incumbent on the Chair to announce that the
morning hour has passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate will excuse
me for five minutes longer, I shall be through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the Senator from Maine may procced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to interfere
with the special order, but I have a few words
more to say on this question.
Mr. LATHAM and others. Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the Senator from Maine will proceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Michi-
gan says the Secretary of the Treasury told lura
yesterday that he had only issued $90,000,000 of
the new issue of Treasury notes, so called, thus
far. He did not state the reason why. It was com-
pulsory on the Secretary, because the $60,000,000
that were already out were made a part of the
$150,000,000, and he could issue only $90,000,000
unless he could get some part of the $60,000,000
in. The $60,000,000 that were out at that time
had two advantages: in the first place they were
a legal tender; and in the next place they were
receivable for customs, which the new issue of
$150,000,000 was not. What has been the result?
The result has been that being receivable for cus-
toms, they have been hoarded and cannot be had;
thoy cannot be bought; and the consequence is that
in the process of time, those $60,000,000 have been
diminished only by the amount of four or five mil-
lions, and the balance is out. That being hoarded,
the Secretary is deprived of the advantage of is-
suing $150,000,000 of circulation. He could not
go beyond the $90,000,000; he would have been
very glad to go beyond the $90,000,000, but he
could not do it. It is not, therefore, that he has
not had occasion to use more money, but that he is
absolutely cramped to that extent by the fact that
the original $60,000,000 are receivable for customs
duties and are at a premium. That is a well-
known matter of fact.
My friend speaks further of the operation of the
deposit system. It is precisely true, as he states
it; it has operated admirably. But he will recol-
lect that though we were both very strongly in
favor of that system at the time it was introduced,
it went through the Senate only by a tight squeeze,
if we may so say; and why? Because certain gen-
tlemen here thought those deposits would operate
to prevent the funding of the notes. To a certain
extent that is true; but we argued that although
it might have that effect to some extent, it would,
if it was successful, really operate as a loan to the
Government at five per cent. It has operated bet-
ter than we cxpected. People having money were
very anxious to avail themselvesof that particular
condition of things; and why? For the simple
reason that by good management, and by the suc-
cesses of our arms, and the success of our cause,
and by reason of the patriotism of our people our
securities were all up—that is to say, our money
was good, and there was great faith in the ability
of the Government to pay. These deposits may be
withdrawn in ten days; and why were they not
withdrawn ? Simply because that faith in the
Government has continued—faith in its power to
redeem. Theie has been no pressure; and if we
could secure that, if wo could make it certain that
that was to continue, my friend's argument would
be perfectly sound to the extent that he goes; and
T can see that as matters have turned out, it might
have been well ifwe had made the limit §100,000,000
originally, as he recommended it; but it was an
experiment at that time, and it was not deemed
wise to go beyond $50,000,000. I should be will-
ing to increase it; but the Senate will observe that
the moment public faith begins to lessen, the mo-
ment fears are excited as to the ability ofour Gov-
ernment to pay and its promptness to meetitsen-
gagementy, this money will be withdrawn. Itcan
