296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3Tth Cong.... 2d Sess.
Confiscation of Rebel Property—Mr, Porter.
[June 4,
Ho. of Reps.
an early day, and on the most advantageous terms
to the white population," was defeated, and a res-
olution was adopted that the convention consid-
ered " any measure for the general removal of the
free blacks from the State of^Maryland as impoli-
tic, inexpedient, and uncalled for by any public
exigency which could justify it." The report,
which embraced this resolution, was prepared and
presented to the convention by a distinguished
Democratic statesman of the State of Maryland,
now honorably representing that State in the other
wing of this Capitol, [Mr. Pearce.] I quote
from the report the following significant passages:
" The existence of so large a number of free blacks in the
midst of a slaveliolding State, is believed to be of itself an
evtt, and this evil is readily perccived to be greater when
It is considered that a portion of them are idle, vicious,
and unproductive. This, however, is not the case -with the
majority of theni, and their removal would, as the commit-
tee belicvesbe far greater than all the evils the people of Ma-
ryland ever suffered from them. Ia the city ol Baltimore it
is estimated that there are more than twenty-five thousand
of them, employed chiefly as domestic servants or laborers
in various departments of industry. In many of the rural
districts of the State, where labor is by no means abundant,
they furnish a large supply of agricultural labor, and it is
unquestionable that quite a large portion of our soil could
not be tilled without their aid. In some districts they sup-
ply almost all the labor demanded by the iarmeis. Their
removal from the State would deduct nearly fifty per cent,
from the household and agricultural labor furnished by peo-
ple of this color, and indispensable to the people of the
State; would produce great discomfort and inconvenience
to the great body of householders; would break up the
business and destroy the property of large numbers of land
owner* and land renters—a class whose interests are enti-
tled to as muchconsideiation as those of any other portion
of our citizens; would be harsh and oppressive to those
people themselves; would violate public sentiment, which
is generally not only just, but kindij', and would probably
load to other evils which the committee forbear to mention.
We are satisfied thatsuch a measure could not receive the
legislative sanction, and would not be tolerated by the great
body of the people of Maryland, even with that sanction.
The committee, therefore, cannot recommend their expul-
sion from the State. Still more unwilling should they be
to favor any measure which looked to their being deprived
of the right to freedom which they have acquired by the
indulgence of our laws and the tenderness of their masters,
whether wise or unwise, or winch they have inherited as
a birthright."
  This, sir, is the tribute which the slaveholders
of Maryland have paid to the character of their
free colored population. It is the most authori-
tative expression which could possibly be uttered.
1 cite it to show that the emancipation proposed
by the substitute which I have offered would pro-
duce no rude shock of the social system of the
South, would not suddenly overthrow their do-
mesticinstitutions, nor be, in any way, calamitous
to their agricultural and other industrial interests.
The freedmen would remain, as in Maryland, to
fill up, peacefully and efficiently, the several de-
partments of industry. Traitors would, indeed,
e deprived of the rewards wrun^ from their labor,
of the wealth represented in their persons, and of
the influence which that wealth confers upon them;
but society would suffer no detriment.
The deductions from this example are so appo-
site, that I cannot forbear to allude further to the
State of Maryland. The reckless agitators who
desired to expel the free negroes from the State,
having failed to secure the approval of the slave-
holders' convention, nevertheless introduced a
kindred proposition into the next Legislature—
that Legislature so largely disloyal in its compo-
sition, that a majority, I believe, were placed un-
der arrest by the Government on accountof their
undisguised sympathy for the rebel cause. They
succeeded in procuring the passage of a law, lim-
ited in itsprovisionsto the great slaveholding coun-
ties of St. Mary's, Calvert, Howard, Kent, Bal-
timore, Worcester, Somerset, Talbot, Queen
Anne's, Prince George's,and Charles, providing
that all negroes, male and female, over twelve years
of age, should hire themselves out to" industrious
and respectable citizens," to labor and service by
the year,and,in the event thattheydid not,they
were to be exposed to sale to the highest bidder
for the term of one year. Children from four to
twelve years of age were to be bound out by the
boards of commissioners, the males to serve un-
til twenty-one years of age, the females to the age
of thirty. Any negro, hired or bound, whoshould
abscond, secrete himself, or run away from ser-
vice was to be sold into slavery for life, and the
proceeds of the sales were to be appropriated to
the school fund of the proper county for the edu-
cation of white children. This infamous enact-
E
ment could not make its way through the Legis-
lature, until a provision was inserted that it shoulu
not take effect in any of the counties to which it
was applicable, until approved by the people by
an expression at the polls. It was thought, how-
ever, that a sufficient oribe had been offered to the
cupidity of slaveholders to induce them to make
haste to put it into effect.
But, sir, what was the result? The expression
was taken at the presidential election of 1860, and
in but a single county did it secure the approval
of a majority of the voters. In the great county
of Baltimore, against a vote of 681 cast for it, 5,354
votes were cast against itf In Howard county,
55 votes were cast for it and 1,397 against it; in
Kent county, 74 votes were cast for it, and 1,502
against it; and these are little less than fair sam-
ples of the whole. The law, let it be said to the
honor of the people of Maryland, was repudiated
by them with utter scorn and disgust. Sir, I cite
this, in the face of timid and apprehensive spec-
ulation, as the result of the practical experience
of a slaveliolding people. It is worth a world of
theoretical arguments, in reference alike to the ef-
fect of emancipation, of the presence in large num-
bers among the servile class of a free population
of their own color, and of the results to the indus-
try and wealth of the State. It shows how entirely
groundless and visionary are the apprehensions,
invented by many mistaken though honest minds,
in others of the border slaveholding States, to alarm
themselves and us.
I am sure that the Representatives of the free
border States would not willfully do any thing tend-
ing to trench upon the rights of their neighbors in
the slaveholding States, or to inflict upon them
needless injury. There are no two States, perhaps,
that are more indissolubly attached to each other
by the ties of intimate commercial intercourse,
of kindred, and of cherished memories, than In-
diana and Kentucky. We in Indiana can never
forget that when in our infant territorial condition
our homes were invaded by a barbarous and sav-
age foe, and our helpless women and children were
exposed to the merciless cruelties of the toma-
hawk and the scalping knife, the brave young men
of Kentucky volunteered to flock to our aid, in
order to drive back the cruel invaders. We re-
member, sir, the gifted and gallant Daviess and
the brave and intrepid Owen, who both fell at Tip-
pecanoe, and whose remains repose within our
borders beneath the soil of the battle-field. In-
diana has erected a monument to their memory,
and their graves will be aperpetual remembrancer
of the debt of gratitude which we owe to the peo-
ple of Kentucky. Nor, I trust, will Kentuckians
ever fail gratefully to remember that when recently
their State was invaded by a foe which has imitated
many of the examples of savage barbarity, com-
ing to desolate their fields, to insult their house-
holds, and overthrow their civil institutions, the
gallant soldiers of Indiana, in almost countless
thousands, rushed to their soil to assist in render-
ing them protection. The graves of our gallant
young men who fell at Mill Spring, at Wildcat,
and at Rowlett's, are a touching memorial of the
hereditary friendship of the two States, and the
token of a brotherhood which I fervently trust in
God may be perpetual.
But while we will do nothing that will invade
the rights or impair the safety of the border slave-
holding States, nofalse delicacy shall induce us to
withhold the rough hand of jiunishmentfrom those
atrocious conspirators who have added to the or-
dinary guilt of treason the eternal ignominy of
havingconspired to overthrow a Govern ment from
which they have experienced nothing but bless-
ings, and under whose beneficent protection the
people have enjoyed a degree of liberty, equality,
and prosperity never before enjoyed by the?most
favored nations. To fail to punish them memora-
bly would be treason to posterity.
Nor is there any punishment which we could
inflict, next to the forfeiture of their lives, which
would strike them so vitally as the liberation of
their slaves. The ownership of slaves is, in the
South, the badge of social distinction. Itbrings
the possessor m sympathy with the governing
classes. It is the basis of permanent political in-
fluence. A connection with it has enabled the
conspirators—having failed with other agencies,
and aiming for their own ambitious purposes to
overthrow the Government—to make it the in-
strument for spreading alarm and discontent and
kindling the flames of civil war. Let them feel
that they have taught instructions which, being
taught, return to plague the inventor. If the de-
tested counterfeiter forfeits the instrument of his
crime; if the smuggler, engaged in unlawful trade,
forfeits the vessel and cargo employed in it; if
the slave-trader forfeits the ship used for the pur-
poses of his infernal traffic, and the law sanctions
and human nature applauds—with how much
more justice shoifld traitors forfeit their slaves who
have made slavery the instrument of rebellion,
and have brought on a war which has exhausted
the treasures of the nation, broken up its com-
merce and industry, desolated its choicest fields
and habitations, and filled it with sorrow, and
wailing, and unutterable woe! Sir, if we should
allow the red-handed conspirators, who have
brought on this war, to revel in the rewards
wrung from the labor of bondmen, the blood of
the murdered brave, fallen in battle, would cry to
us from theground. Familiar though I am, from
no short residence in a slaveholding State, with
the feelings and prejudices of the people, I stand
here amazed when 1 see the loyal Representa-
tives from the States of Kentucky and Missouri
and Tennessee controlled by timid apprehension,
pleading, as it were, for traitors, by begging that
they shall be spared from the loss of the slaves
who have not seldom been made to build the in-
trenchments and fortifications, and to man the
guns and help to fill the regiments before which
their own gallant and devoted brave have fallen
In the strife of battle.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to pro-
pound an interrogatory to the gentleman from In-
diana. He has appealed to the delegation of the
State of Missouri.
Mr. PORTER. I have no indisposition to yield
to the gentleman from Missouri, if it be in accord-
ance with the pleasure of the House. I know that
there is no more patriotic man in the House, and
none more disposed to do whatever he thinks is
best to overthrow this rebellion. I believe that
he gravely errs, however, when he seeks to shel-
ter the conspirators engaged in attempting to over-
throw theGovernmentfrom the forfeiture of their
slaves.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Indiana has correctly stated my position—
that it is my desire to do whatever I can to sup-
press this rebellion, and to restore the Union. But
my judgment does not agree with his oil tlie ques-
tion of the government of the African race in this
country. It is a question of subordination. I be-
lieve that the African race can better be kept in
order and in subordination by having masters,
than they can be by being suddenly turned loose
upon any community. So thought the people of
Indiana. And the gentleman from Indiana has
appealed to me to know why the 'delegation from
the State of Missouri object to the passage of such
a bill. Why, sir, did the people of Indiana ob-
ject to this very people migrating to their State?
If you emancipate the slaves in Missouri, under
existing laws of that State they are to be expelled
from it. Where are they to go? Not to Indiana,
because the citizens of thatState have said that they
do not want any more free negroes. Nor do we
want free negroes in Missouri.
This view of the question is entirely one of
expediency. I have expressed the opinion that
Congress has not the authority to confiscate prop-
erty of any description. I hope to have the oppor-
tunity at some future time to address the House on
this question. Because the gentleman from Indi-
ana has now appealed to the delegation from Mis-
souri, I desired to correct him on this point. The
gentleman is not willing to receive the manumit-
ted slave into his State. It is because they are a
subordinate people, and incapable of taking care of
themselves, as a class, that they are not wanted
in Indiana. You will not receive them in Indiana,
and we do not want them in Missouri.
Mr. PORTER. I propose, before I get through,
to allude to the policy of Indiana; but it is enough
to say here that in Indiana we have a sufficient
laboring population of white people for all the pur-
poses of agricultural and other industry. In the
organization of our State government, we elected
in favor of the white race by prohibiting the m-
