THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
be withdrawn at any time oil ten days' notice; and
if the credit of the Government, be shaken, if we
should have serious reverses to our arms, or if
any other things should happen, the money mar-
ket, which is always delicate, the money pulse,
which is the most delicate thing in the world,
would beat once affected,and these people would
begin to withdraw their deposits. Patriotism is
Well enough, and we have as much of it as any
people; but the moment it comes to be perceived
that patriotism is to lose its money instead of r<y
chiving four or five per cent, for it, the danger will
arise.
Now, what does the Secretary of the Treasury
propose ? I am not saying whether I am in favor
of his proposition or not; but what is his argu-
ment? Itis that the $60,000,000 of old demand
notes are, to a certain extent, useless to him; he
eannot touch them. Although Congress author-
ized him to issue $150,000,000 of notes, he is tied
down actually to $90,000,000; and therefore he
wants power to go up to the $150,000,000; to be
allowed to put into the market the amount which
we originally intended to authorize. Besides, the
Secretary says that he thinks it would be wise to
increase the limit of these temporary deposits to
$180,000,000, but it is subject to all these fluctua-
tions; and therefore, to render it secure, and to
prevent the Government from being run upon of
a ^ijdden, and being put into disgrace by its in-
ability to meet the calls made for these deposits
at ten days' notice, he ought to keep back in the
Treasury a certain amount to meet any sudden
cpll of that description, and not put into circu-
lation—say at least thirty-three and a third per
carv'. Add thirty-three and a third per cent, to
th« $60,000,000, and you come up nearly to the
§100,000,000. That is the foundation of the Sec-
retary's argument. He proposes to have author-
ity to issue |150,000,000 more; but it is very well
understood that he does not propose to use it un-
less it should become absolutely necessary. His
idea is, that if Congress is to adjourn, and he is
to be left here for live or six months without it,
the result may be that he may find himself in a
place where he will be obliged to use this discre-
tion,or have Congress called together again. That
ia an argument to be considered.
I have not, as yet, yielded to the proposition of
the Secretary, because I have not sufficiently ex-
amined it. I have not come to the conclusion either
to adopt or reject the whole or any part of it, be-
cause,as yet, it has notcome before me. I say that
these arguments are sufficiently worthy of con-
iideration, taken in connection with the circum-
stances of the case, to induce us notat once, on a
mere statement in the Senate, to say that we will not
allow this to be done under any possible circum-
stances, but to refer the resolution which my friend
kas proposed to the Committee on Finance, who
will have thesubjectunder consideration, where it
can be considered; and the committee will take up
this subject, as they take up all others, deliberately,
andexamineit. I amofopimon thatnothingisever
gained on any subject by hasty legislation,espe-
cially on subjects of this very great importance.
AH matters of this description should be deliber-
ately considered by those who are in the habit of
considering them, in the first place, and then de-
liberately studied and considered by the body to
which they are submitted. It is the final decision
of Congress upon a question of importance, the
well considered, deliberate decision, that affects
the public mind, and not its hasty action, for that,
ifit has any effect, always has an unfavorable one.
I move, therefore, that the resolution be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator says the ob-
ject should be to retain the confidence of the nation.
That was my object in offering this resolution. It
is utterly impossible that you can retain confidence
in regard to one class of securities and have it de-
preciate in regard to another. I admit the force
of the Senator's argument as to the export of gold,
but the effect, to a very considerable extent, of
the recent recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury has been to carry gold up from two and
three fourths to seven per cent. Carry that up
three percent.more,ana you create the very panic
that you are now trying to avoid. Pass this reso-
lution through both Houses of Congress, and, in
my estimation, you will see gold fall to its original
status within ten days. This question is under
the control of the Senate. Of course I submit most
cheerfully to their decision; but in my estimation
—and it is a subject to which I have given great
thought, a subject very familiar to me—it is im-
portant that some such resolution should be passed
at a very early day.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to;
and the joint'resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 17th instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 281) defining additional causes
of challenge, and prescribing an additional oath
for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts;
An act (S. No. 282) for the relief of Oliver
Spencer Wood; and
An act (S. No. 339) making provision for rais-
ing property of the United States sunk in the
waters thereof.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the Home of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 472) to free from
servitude the slaves of certain rebels engaged in
or abetting the existing rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 88) to encourage enlistments in the reg-
ular Army and volunteer forces.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (S. No. 299) for the relief of Rose M.
Harte, widow of Edward Harte; and it was signed
by the Vice President.
FREEDOM OF REBELS* SLAVES.
The bill (H. R.No. 472) to free from servitude
the slaves of certain rebels engaged in or abetting
the existing rebellion against the Government of
the United States was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not ask that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, as
the subject has been considered; but 1 give notice
that I shall, at the earliest moment when the busi-
ness of the Senate will permit, move to proceed
to its consideration, together with the bill to con-
fiscate property. I now move that the bill be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday, being the bill (H. R. No.
364) to aid in the construction of a railroad arid
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes, is now before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. «Is the Pacific railroad bill in
the Senate or in Committee of the Whole?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis before the
Senate. It has been considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and reported to the Senate with sun-
dry amendments, and the question now before the
Senateisuponconcurringin theamendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. The Chair will put
the question of concurrence upon all the amend-
ments in the aggregate, except si^ch as may be
indicated for a separate vote by Senators.
Mr. HARLAN. I have several amendments
that I have drawn up in pursuance of a decision
of the select committee, that I had not an oppor-
tunity of presenting yesterday, and which I de-
sire to present this morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
in order after the Senate shall have acted upon the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I desire that the
amendment in section thirteen shall be reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
served for a separate vote.
Mr. CLARK. I desire that a separate vote shall
be had upon the amendment on pages 22 and 23,
beginning at the bottom of the22d,and ending on
the 23d page.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
served for a separate vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire toexceptthe amend-
ment striking out the provision that made the bill
subject to future acts of Congress.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment to which the
Senator refers, I think, is on page 8.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that any amendment which was disagreed
to does not come before the Senate except upon a
separate and independent motion by a member.
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment was agreed
to. It was an amendment of the committee to
strike out some words on page 8, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire that the amend-
ment on page 3, lines fifty-one and fifty-two, be
reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. Also the amendmenton
page 13, lines four and five of section eight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will also
be reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that the amend-
ment to which the Senator from Rhode Island re-
ferred, instead of being upon page 8, as I said, is
at the bottom of page 23 and the top of page 24.
I mention this so that there may be no mistake
about it.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to except the amend-
ment on the bottom of page 10.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like a separate vote
on the amendment in line four of section ten, on
page 15.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
served.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to reserve for a
separate vote the amendment which inserts sec-
tion twenty at the end of the bill; and while I am
upon the floor I desire to make an inquiry of the
chairman of this committee. If I correctly un-
derstand this bill, it provides, that for the various
branches east of the one hundredth meridian, we
not only make a donation of lands, but the bonds
of the Government are also to be issued at so much
per mile.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know whether
it will be in order, but my purpose was to move
at some time a separate section to this effect, that
the bonds of the Government which are to be
issued upon any of these branches shall not be
issued to the railroad companies that are to build
these branches until the railroad is completed
through to the Pacific ocean. I wish to move
that as a separate section; and 1 desire to know
whether if I fail to move it before the vote is taken
on adopting the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, it will be in order to move it
afterwards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be m
order after the Senate shall have passed upon the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLARK. There are various amendments
that will be proposed on the subject after the
amendments of the committee are agreed to or dis-
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there are no
further amendments indicated for a separate and
distinct vote, the Chair will put the question in
the aggregate on all the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole, except such as have heen
indicated by different Senators for a separate vote.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will now read seriatim and in order the several
amendments which have been indicated for a sep-
arate vote.
The Secretary read the first excepted amend-
ment, which was in the third line of the thirteenth
section, to insert the words " via Atchison;" so
as to make the section read:
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Hannibal and
St. Joseph Railroad Company of Missouri may extend its
roads from St. Joseph, via Atchison, to connect and unite
with the road through Kansas, upon filing its assent to the
provisions of this act, upon the same terms and conditions,
in alt respects, for one hundred iniies ill length next to the
Missouri river, are provided in this act for the construc-
tion of the railroad and telegrapii line first mentioned, and
may, for this purpose, use any railroad ehaiter which has
been or may be granted by the Legislature of Kansas. And
the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company
