794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
passed the other day, making $1(10,000,000 of
Government paper in all, woull have no percep-
tible effect upon the value of products in this coun-
try. I recollcct that, not more than three or four
d^ys ago, that Senator, when he wanted to cut
down our wages, said the effect of it would be to
double the price of everything. I told him one
day, and he will remember it, that people of cer-
tain professions can make as good an argument
on one side of any question as the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that it would
have no appreciable effect. I said that we could
not negotiate our bonds without this medium of
exchange. 1 did not say what effect it would have
on the prices of property.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think I understand an argu-
ment when 1 hear it. When I hear a man com-
pare $150,000,000 of notes with $1,900,000,000 of
productions as a measure, I understand the mean-
ing of the argument. I am not much of a finan-
cier, but I think I can understand a man when I
hear him stating his points. 1 hope tins will have
some effect in appreciating values, whether we
issue the notes with the tender clause or without it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It will have
the same effcct in either case, in that respect.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope U will; I trust it will;
and I shall vote for it expecting that it will. I
never was afraid that the products of labor would
fet too high. I am not one of that sort of people.
calculate to do some more work myself, and the
more I can earn a day, the better 1 like it.
1 was very much struck and pleased with the
observations that fell from the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I believe, as 1 said the other day, that all
we want to strengthen the public confidence in our
securities, is to have confidence in thein ourselves.
The arguments that this paper will not circulate
without this sort of enactment, m my opinion
only tend to injure it. The Senator from Ohio
said that the entire press of the commercial cities
was against my view on this question; that they
regard it as indispensable to have the legal tender
clause. I have in my hand the New York Even-
ing Post, which I read occasionally, and 1 have
never seen any article in that paper on the subject
in which it did not denounce this whole scheme,
from first to last; and I call it a pretty consider-
able paper. 1 shall not, however, ask to have
anything read from it as to us opinions, because
I would not care a jackstrawif all the newspapers
in the country told me this legal tender clause was
constitutional. 1 would not believe a word of it.
It would have no more effect on my opinion than
if they said it was not. I do not mean to be gov-
erned by newspapers, though those who own them
and manage them are a very respectable class of
people. 1 mean to keep my conscience myself,
with the assistance of my Maker. There is, how-
ever, a little later trial of this legal tender business
than I have heard adveited to in the mguments
here. The first that I can ever remember reading
anything about was in Russia, at the time of Cal li-
en ne, and from that time down to 18Q0aII of them
fared alike. 1 do not know that 1 ever heard of
another attempt to make paper money go current
since this century commenced,until this one—an
account of which 1 am going to send to the table
to be read. The cxpeiiment has recently been
tried in Turkey, in consequence of the trouble
growing out of the Crimean war. I send to the
Chair, and ask to have road, a letter fiom Con-
stantinople, showing the result of the experiment
there within the past year.
The Secretary read, as follows:
[Coirespondenco of the Evening Post.]
CoNbTANTiMoi'Ln, Dcccmbct 1861.
We have been on the eve of a icvolutiou in Cnn^tanti-
nopte, owmgtoourpeeuluu financial condition. The coun-
try ha-? been flooded with kaijcnu's 01 Tiea-uny notes, and
tin; exchange Ikis been iisin^ tiom d.iy to day ; the pound
sterling going up fiom one bundled and thirty to two hun-
dred and tinny pta-.teis and no one knows what fabulous
cipher nu<Jtt liiu v. designated it in a lew days* more. 3 n ih i 
iineeitanity the people, who had nothmgin theirhands but
Government papo. weic on the aleit, and theii anxiety
ieaehcdji climax during the last week.
_On \\ eduCMlay iast, about noon, the moncy-ehanaci* at
KJuivzar-h haiu nt Calata, having icfuecd to exchange Lai/- i
em-Is at any puce, a gonoial panic was the consequence.
The n';u* *oon <picad all over the city hkc wiJdfiie, and
ail biitiue^s wa^ srii^peiided. In tlioircceitonusntthopeople
bepan to eio^e thou .-toies, and were bentupon exchan^o*
theu Ti' asuiy notes foi piuviMon atanypnce. Tiietians-
actions in edible-. ueip .'lvtoiiKhmt*. Piovisioua had no
maiket value, but depended upon the eapnec or option of
the vendor. Chickens sold atthiee or Jour dollars each;
meat at forty and fifty cents per pound; a loaf of bread
brought a dollar; rice, flour, butter, &c., in like proportion.
Evciything was bought up by persons who were able or
had the opportunity to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Senator if the article which he has had read at the
desk, is not an argument against issuing these
demand notes at all, without any reference to the
legal tender clause.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know what would
have been the cffect of the Turkish notes if they
were not legal tender notes; but they were legal
tender notes. All I can say is, that I give no opin-
ion against the experience of mankind. 1 say that,
so far as my knowledge extends, there never was
an effort made by legislation to make paper pass
as money, that it did not produce a disastrous
depreciation of it; and what has happened may
happen again; but I do not know that it will; I
am no prophet.
As I said before, if we have faith in this paper
ourselves and trust the people with it, giving it all
the substantial guarantees for payment that are in
our power, I have no doubt it will pass and an-
swer the purposes of society. Every one knows
why it is that some of the banks now refuse to t&ke
our demand notes. The Senator from Maine yes-
tei day stated the reason; but I will explain itmore
fully than he did. In the cities of New York, Bos-
ton, and Philadelphia, there is a system of bank
exchanges; they call it in New Yoik the clearing
house, where a certain process is gone through
with daily. Each bank carries its daily receipts
from every souice, except what it takes in of its
own notes, into this clearing house the next morn-
ing; and there the exchanges aic made. If one
bank becomes debtor to another bank, that is, if
one bank does not bling in as much as the other
hanks have against it, a balance is set down against
it. Then they have another arrangement. They
have a set of loan commissioners, and they loan
the credit of the creditor banks to the debtor banks
at a rate of eighty per cent, of the securities they
offer, on which cei tificate of loan they hare to pay
seven percent, interest. If the patriotic hanks,
as 1 call them, take any considetable amount of
our paper money that boars no interest, they can-
not cairy it into the clearing house; it does not go
there. The result is that the hard-hearted banks,
the hard-favored banks get balances against the
liberal banks, and the liberal banks have to give
them loan certificates at seven per cent. In order
to avoid that, I propose that whoever holds these
notes may fund them in bonds, redeemable at the
pleasme of the Government after two years, bear-
ing an interest of eight per cent. 1 know that the
banks which refuse to take these notes will not
lend their credit at seven per cent., when the lib-
eial banks can get eight per cent, for it. The effect
of Nueh a piovision will be, in my opinion, that
the hard-lavored banks will conclude to take the
eight per cent. themNrIves, and go on and take
these notes just as all the rest of the banks do,
and then? will be none of these balances to settle.
That is my lemodv.
As a mere measure of finance, I would rather
hire $100,000,000 to-day upon Treasury notes or
two years bonds, at eight per cent., than line the
money on twenty years bonds, at six per cent.;
because, with my hopeful disposition, looking at
the events that 1 sec m progress, I have the most
undoubtingconfidence that we shall be outof this
trouble in less than two years, and when we are
out of it we can get a premium for our live per-
cent, bonds, and 1 would consent to a temporary
loss of four per cent, to save eighteen per cent.
That is my deliberate judgment. In Mr. Adams's
administration, when we eame to redeem the six
pei cent, bonds issued during the war of 1812, we
issued bonds of the United States at four and a
half per cent., having either ten or fifteen years to
run, 1 forgetwluch, and they broughtapremium.
It will be just so again as soon as we get out of
this trouble; and therefore I think, as a matter of
ceonomy, it is a good plan to make loans now for
a short period; and in order to give these notes a
real value, put a provision in the bill allowing
them to be funded in this way. That will sustain
the notes. The difficulty as to the notes is not
with the people; the people are willing enough to
take them, and the banks would be willing enough
to take them if they would all agree to t&e them
alike; but a few of the banks think they are a
little smarter than their neighbors, and they want
to put the burden on the liberal banks. I have no
doubt that if you strike out the tender clause, and
do not depreciate your notes yourselves, and do
not let it go out to the world that you expect no-
body to take them unless you force them down
the people's throats, they will be taken. At any
rate, wo shall be here in the course of sixty days
if we try that experiment, and then if there is any
difficulty, and the real necessity comes upon us
that the Senator from Ohio thinks is so urgent
now, we can relieve ourselves.
Mr. President, it has been said that Congress
has left the Government without resources. The
Senatorfrom Massachusetts said that the country
was rich in resources, but that the Government
had none. Well, sir, I sometimes keep a little
run of whatwe do; and I recollect that at. the sum-
mer session, a short one to be sure, we passed a
law imposing direct taxes to the amount of about
twenty millions of dollars, which it was supposed
would collect about sixteen millions from the loyal
States; and we imposed an income tax that the
Secretary of the Treasury, as I perceive by his
report, expects will yield §30,000,000. I never
supposed that the income tax would yield so much;
but these two items, according to his estimate,
will yield $40,000,000. He has the unquestion-
able right to collcct these taxes. The income tax
was ordered to be assessed by the 1st of April,
and all the machinery for assessing it was pro-
vided in the bill, and it was ordered to be paid in
by the 1st of July, and so was the direct tax.
There are $46,000,000, according to the Secre-
tary's estimate; I put it at $40,000,000, and that
sum would just cover what the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was so furious about the other day
when he spoke of the present indebtedness of the
Trcasuiy, which the Government had not a cent
to pay. If I read the newspapers aright, pretty
nearly every State in the Union has agreed to ad-
vance its quota of the direct tax and pay it to the
Government.
I am not going to criticise anybody's conduct.
There is a great deal of business to be attended to,
and I do not blame any Government officer for not
working up to time, as we call it; but I say that
bcfoie we upbiaid ourselves, and take on sack-
cloth and ashes for not doing our duty, it is well
enough to think whether the means which we have
put in the hands of the proper officers are resorted
to to help the credit of the Government. I am
ready to work here as long as anybody, to get up
as early and labor as late; but I do not like to be
censured every day for not getting up tax bills,
when everybody knows that we cannot get them
up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator does not mean to intimate that I cast any
censure.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not mean to censure
anybody, or to criticise what gentlemen say. I
only say that when tax bills come up here, 1 shall
be ready to do what I can to perfect them and get
them through. We cannot originate them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not intend to criti-
cise the action of the Committee on Finance, but
ex pressed i egret that the House of Representatives
had not sent us in a tax bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have friends in the other
House, and I once in a while go over there and
ask them how they got along with the tax bill. I
am told to-day that they have a revenue bill pretty
nearly ready, and that they will launch it pretty
soon, and I suppose we shall have it to work upon
in the course of a week or ten days in all human
probability. I do not believe, however, that we
can give the country any better assurance than
we have already given it. We have passed a res-
olution tinough both Houses declaring that we
intend to raise an annual revenue of $150,000,000
from some source or other. What more can we
do ? I do not believe that anybody will know any
better when we. pass our tax measures, that they
will yield §150,000,000. We only put measures
afloat that we think will yield $150,000,000. That
is all we can do.
I am not going to detain the Senate, because
this is not the proper time to offer my amendment,
and I do not mean to say much about it when I
do offer it. 1 simply lose to say that I was satis-
lied in my own mind that a majority of the trading
people desire this legal tender clause in the bill. I
