1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2777
of Kansas may construct their road from Leavenworth to
unite with the road through Kansas, within fifty miles of
the Missouri river, upon the same terms and conditions, in
all respects, as are provided in this act for the construction
of tile railroad and telegraph line first mentioned
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I hope the amend-
ment will not be concurred in. The bill, as it was
passed by the House of Representatives, provided
that the Hannibal and St. Joseph road should ex-
tend its construction through the State of Kansas
for the purpose of connecting with the mam line.
This change, which has been made in the bill,
makes an elbow in the road, increases its length
considerably, and there can be no possible motive
for it, that I can see, except merely to pacify the
town of Atchison.
Again: as is well known, the Hannibal and St.
Joseph road terminates at the city of St. Joseph,
and it has no means of connecting itself with this
Pacific ?ailroad under this amendment, but by a
road leading from St. Joseph to Atchison, which
is under the control of another company, and it
will embarrass the Hannibal road if, in the con-
struction of their line of railroad, they are com-
pelled to go to Atchison. It will put the Hanni-
bal road in the power of the Platte County road,
because the Platte County company owns the right
of way, and has a road constructed from the city
of St. Joseph to the town of Atchison, and the
Hannibal company cannot reach thatpointon the
north side of the river except by the Platte County
road. It can be very well seen by Senators that
if the Hannibal road is compelled by law to pass
by the town of Atchison, it will be, so far as these
twenty-one miles of road are concerned, com-
pletely in the power of the Platte County road,
and will have to make such terms with that road
as the Platte County road shall dictate.
Now, my proposition is to leave this question
open. If the Hannibal road can negotiate with
the Platte County road to go to the town of Atch i-
son, I shall have no sort of objection; but if they
are compelled by law to pass by the town of At-
chison, it will evidently be in the power of the
Platte County road to embarrass them very much
in the construction of their line of road. Forthese
reasons, and for the reason, too, that it increases
the length of the line and makes an elbow in the
road unnecessarily, I hope the amendment of the
committee will be disagreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The reason that influenced the
committee in making the amendment was that
there is already a railroad from St. Joseph to
Atchison, which can be used if a proper agreement
can be made with the company, and there will
probably be no difficulty about it; but if there
cannot be an agreement made with that company,
an independent road can be made from St. Joseph
directly to the Kansas and Pawnee road; and I
propose, after the amendments of the committee
shall have been gone through with, to strike out
the words " one hundred,"and insert" fifty." in
the sixth line of this scction, so that this road from
St. Joseph shall be made to strike the Pawnee and
Leavenworth railroad much earlier, and not run
the branch out so far west, and thus save the money
of the Government. My object is to take advant-
age of twenty miles of road w hich have been built,
and strike ofr fifty miles from that which is to be
built, and save expense to the Government.
Mr. POMEROY. I trust the amendment will
be concurred m. The remarks of the Senator from
New Hampshire are very just and very appropri-
ate. The Senator from Missouri lives at St. Jo-
seph, and, perhaps, as a local matter to him per-
sonally, it might be inconvenient not to have the
road stop there; but, consulting the public inter-
est, I think there can be no question as to the pro-
priety of bringing the road into the Kaw valley by
the nearest possible route. A straight line from
St. Joseph to Topeka, the capital our State, in the
Kaw valley, passes directly through Atchison.
Instead of being a right angle, it does not take a
quarter of a section out of a straight line. Perhaps
1 ought to say that I live at Atchison; I do not
disguise that fact; but my friend from Missouri
lives at St. Joseph. *
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Kansas if he also favors the amend-
ment the Senator from New Hampshire suggests
to the sixth line.
Mr. CLARK. By striking out one hundred
and inserting fifty ?
Mr. POMEROY. It might operate against
some private interest; but I think the public in-
terest would be subserved by it.
Mr. CLARK. I am not looking to any private
interest. If there is to be any insuperable ob-
stacle to the passage of this bill,as it now stands,
it is the number and length of these branches.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. So far as I am con-
cerned, having the same object in view, I propose,
if the Senator from New Hampshire or some
other Senator does not, to move not only to shorten
the route from St. Joseph to the main branch to
fifty miles, but to shorten the branch from Leav-
enworth, so that it shall run into the main line at
Lawrence, thirty miles.
Mr. CLARK. Let me say to the Senator that
I propose to strike that out—not to shorten it,
but to knock it right in the head.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I shall be prepared
to meet the Senator, I hope, when he makes the
proposition.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator keeps up with
me in that regard, I shall be disappointed.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I hope the prop-
osition of the Senator from New Hampshire will
not be concurred in by the Senate, fqr the reason
that it would destroy the St. Joseph branch as a
competing road; it would give advantages to all
the other connecting roads over it, as he will very
readily see from the map. If we are compelled to
unite within fifty miles, that union will have to
take place in nearly a southerly direction from St.
J'oseph, when, in fact, the road, in order to be a
competing road, should go west.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Missouri
knows that the Hannibal and St. Joseph cars
run already at least twelve miles further west than
St. Joseph. When they are at Atchison they are
twelve miles further west than at St. Joseph.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will state that
the Hannibal cars, perhaps, do run on the Platte
County road by some arrangement; but if this
Grand Trunk railroad is compelled to pass by the
town of Atchison, the Senator very well knows
that the Hannibal road will be completely in the
power of the Platte County road. Now, I pro-
pose that it be left .open, and that they have leave
to make the best arrangements they can with the
Platte County road; and if they shall think it best,
and most conducive to (heir interests to pass by
the town of Atchison, I, as a matter of course,
can have no objection; but if they are compelled
to make Atchison a point, it is very evident that
the Hannibal road will be required to construct
tins branch to the Pacific railroad in a particular
direction, and will be completely in the power of
the Platte County road for a distance of twenty-
one miles.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see the force of the
remark of the Senator from Missouri that they
are in the power of the Platte County road. Can
they not build another road on the other side of
the river, or along side of that, if they cannot
agree ?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. If the Senator
will require them to build the road on the south
side, I shall have no objection.
Mr. CLARK. They may build it where they
find it for the public interest. It puts them in no-
body's power; it only says they shall go by way
of Atchison for the purposeof shortening the road.
If I have the road too short by the amendment I
indicated, striking out one hundred and inserting
fifty, the Senators from Kansas and the Senators
from Missouri can tell me so. I apprehend that
it does not make it too short; but I want to strike
the main branch at the earliest practicable point, so
that we shall not build so much length of branches.
That is my desire about it; and by going by the
way of Atchison we secure that point so far, and
then they can run in the same direction, or incline
a little further west if necessary, by the most prac-
ticable route, to strike the Pawnee and Leaven-
worth road as soon as possible/The Government
certainly has no interest in extending these roads
so far west to give away its money.
Mr POMEROY. Fifty miles will make the
connection in the Kaw valley, building from Atch-
ison to the Kaw valley; but it will not from St.
Joseph to the Kaw valley. Building a road from
where they now run the cars, fifty miles will reach
the valley. , T . ,
Mr. CLARK. That is what I intend; fifty
miles from Atchison to the Pawnee road.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. It will be seen by
an examination of the map that the St. Joseph
branch is the most direct of all the routes proposed
from the central portion of the United States to
the State of California, if we are allowed to build
the road in the direction the House bill permits;
but if we are compelled to connect within fifty
miles of St. Joseph it evidently gives an advantage
to all the other connecting branches over this.-
Mr. HENDERSON. I should not have thought
it necessary to say anything in regard to this sub-
ject, but for the remarks made by the Senator from
New Hampshire; and I desire to call the attention
of the Senate for one moment to the question sug-
gested by him, because, especially when we are
looking at a question of economy in the building
of a road, the question ought to be determined by
the length of line of the road. The Senator from
New Hampshire puts his advocacy of the amend-
ment requiring this branch to go via Atchison
upon the ground that the road will be shorter.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the Senator
himself, and of other Senators, to the fact that
under the amendment of the Senate committee, if
it is retained by the Senate, providing that the
main road shall commence between the waters of
the Republican river and the Platte, you cannot
run the road south of 4(P 30' north latitude, and in
fact it may go up to 41°. St. Joseph is in 39° 45',
and you are compelling this company to build a
road directly southwest, when, in order to reach
the main line of the Pacific road, they should go
one and a half or two degrees north. What is the
necessity for that? I undertake to say that it is
as near to the point of commencement of the main
trunk road from the city of St. Joseph as it iiffrom
the city of Atchison. There is, then, nothing gained
in distance.
I call the attention of Senators to that proposi-
tion, and 1 ask them to look at the map. It is a
plain proposition. If we go by the town of Atchi-
son, we travel directly off the main line of the
Hannibal and St. Joseph road, which is now in
operation, merely because another company has
constructed a road down the Missouri liver, and
a road that is entirely independent, as I under-
stand it, of the Hannibal and St. Joseph road,and
which does not reach any nearer to the point of
beginning of the main Pacific road. Nothing is
gained in distance, and everything is lost; and it
will require the road to make a perfect elbow in
order to go by the little town of Atchison, in the
StateofKansas. 1 understand that the Hannibal
and St. Joseph railroad, from Hannibal, two bun-
dled and ten miles to St. Joseph, is almost on a
direct line cast and west. Here is a divergence
from a direct east and west line, a distance of
twenty-one miles, directly southwest.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not a right angle.
Mr. HENDERSON. Itis not a right angle, to
be sure, but what is the use of running that dis-
tance southwest upon the angle required, an angle
of forty-five degrees, and then compel the road to
turn northwest again in order to reach the main
line? Why not let us construct the road directly
west ? I think, in all candor and all fairness, there
is no necessity whatever for bending this road in
order to go by the town of Atchison. There is
nothing gained, or if there is anything gained, it is
certainly notover a couple of miles in the distance
to be traversed,in ordertoreach the main Pacific
Even if we are to gain two or three miles of
railroad, assuming this road to be constructed ail
the way to Atchison, and it is not so, and assum-
ing it to be entirely under the control of the same
company so th&t w© could forco & comi6ction> I
ask if it is proper or expedient under the circum-
stances to compel this divergence off a main line
for all time to come, to make this elbow in the roa.d
and compel all the transportation from California
and all the passengers from California to lose that
distance going by the way of Atchison, when we
gain nothing more than two or thiee miles, and
really I do not see that we gain anything ? Under
these circumstances, 1 think that for the benefit of
trade and travel we Bhould have a straight road.
There can be no difficulty in the making of the road,
I grant you, either from St. Joseph or from Atchi-
son; there are no natural obstacles in the way; but
it would be improper to compel us to go by the
way of Atchison. If Atchison wants a road, it
will be the easiest matter in the world to connect
