1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
order that American citizens may have the enjoy-
ment of all of their rights. I desire the seceded
States to come back, but to come in such manner
that 1 can enjoy the privileges ofan American citi-
zen within their limits. I have been excluded long
enough. In other words, I want them to come
back free, and not slave; States. Long enough have
American citizens been subjected to the cord and
knife, and lastond worst of all, the terrible indig-
nity of the scourge, for no other cause than hold-
ing and uttering principles in favor of freedom,
impartial and universal.
It was the boast of the Roman citizen that no
one dare inflict upon him the indignity of sub-
jecting him to the scourge. Although fettered and
bound to the stake, yet if the smothered cry was
heard, "lama Roman citizen," it arrested the
falling rod as the voice of God arrested the sacri-
ficial knife of the patriarch. Yet slavery seizes
and binds and scourges American citizens like
very slaves, and exiles them for their religious
opinions like the very worst tyrannies that have
ever oppressed mankind. Sir, I am willing and
anxious to welcome back every State, but I never
will consent to reinstate this slaveholdmg power!
as God is my helper, never!
The Union shall be restored, the Constitution
preserved inviolate, but slavery must perish. It
is decreed in the councils of Heaven, it is decreed
m the hearts of the American people. American
citizens cannot and will not consent longer to creep
and cr<iwl over American soil with stealthy step
and bated breath. They must have the rights
and immunities of American citizens in all the
States. They cannot have these rights while sla-
very lives. Slavery must, therefore, die. It has
been trampling on the Constitution and constitu-
tional rights for years; it has done it systemati-
cally; it has done it constantly, remorselessly, and i
nowat lastit has culminated in rebellion, and laid |
its murderous hands upon the life of the Republic, i
Its slaughtered victims are scattered from York- j
town to Pea Ridge, and they lie thick and ghastly ]
over broad acres on the field of Shiloh. 1 do not
care ever to utter another anti-slavery sentiment.
The gaping wounds of these brave heroes slain in
battle speak with a power and eloquence beyond
those of a dead Caesar as they are borne home to
heart-stricken wives and mothers, weeping sisters
and fathers bowed with grief. Every ghastly
corpse finds a tongue, and cries from its open cof-
fin, "Let Slavery Peius>h !"
I come now to the consideration of some of the
points made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden.] lie asks what will the slaves
do if they should be emancipated—four millions
of slaves turned loose. Mark this language—
" turned loose." Do not you see, sir, how it car-
ries the very idea that they have been chained;
that they have been the subjects of despotic power
and rule? The same language is employed as if
speaking about wild beasts that had been caged.
Turned loose! " What do you piopose to do with
them?" asks the gentleman. "What can they do
with themselves turned loose? There is a great
deal to say upon that point. I propose to let them
alone; to let them take care of themselves, which
they are abundantly able to do, if they have the
opportunity. Slaveholders had better turn their
attention towards this point: what will the slave-
holders do when the slaves do not support them;
when they do not live upon the unrequited tod
and sweat of slaves; when their fields are nut
reaped down by those whose wages are withheld
from them? That is the great inquiry foi slave-
holders to make, and not what the slaves will do.
The slaves will take care of themselves quite as
well as their masters, I venture to affirm.
And here I want to refer to the subject of eman-
cipation, and to state some facts m relation to
emancipation in the West Indies. The general
apprehension is that emancipation would be fol-
lowed by violence, rapine, and muuler. Thefol-
lowing is a well-authenticated account of how the
slaves in the West Indies received their freedom.
It is generally conceded that the slaves of these
islands were not at this time equal to the slaves
in this country:
The Wes!eyan-= kept 'wateb-nighf in all then ehapcK
One of the miSMonaue;, «ave us an aceo.int ol the wateh-
nnvtiiig at the chape! in Sr. John's. The spacious hou-o
\v.i-, tilled Willi the candidate- loi hheuy. .\!J was anima-
tion ami ongei  <•- . A might} chm u ol % ,-u 'died the
song ot expectation and joj ; ami. a-> tho> united in p;ayei,
the voice of the leadei was diouticd in the u'iu-mm! v:
clumatjons of thanksgiving, and praise, and blessing, and
ltonoi, and glory to God, who had come down for their de-
liverance. In such exercise4- the evening was spent, until
the hour of twelve appi cached. The mnsionaiy then pro-
posed that when the cathedial clock should begin to stake,
the whole eongiegation should fall on their knee<3 and le-
cejve tiie boon'of needom in Liience. Aceoidingly as the
loud bell tolled its fiist note, the crowded assembly pros-
trated themselves. AH was silence! save the quivenng,
half stifled bieath of the. struggling spirit. Slowly the tones
ol the clock fell upon the waiung multitude. Peal on peal,
peal on peal, rolled over the prostrate throng, like angels'
voices, thulling their weary heart stungs. Scarcely had the
last tone sounded, when lightning flashed vividly, and a
loud peal ot thunder lolled through the sky. It was God's
pillar of fire! II is trump of jubilee! It was followed by a
moment of profound silence Then came the outbuilt!
They shouted 'Giorv! Hallelujah!' They clapped their
hand?, they leaped up, they tell down, they clapped each
other m their free arms, they ciied, they laughed, they
went to and fto, thi owing upward then unfetteicd hands.
High above all, a mighty sound over and anon swelled up.
It was the utterance ot giatitude to God, in biokcn negro
dialect.
" After this gush of excitement had spent itself, the con-
gregation became cairn, and religious exercises were re-
tained. The lemamder of the night was spent in singing
and piayer, in reading the Bible, and in addresses from the
missionaries, explaining the nature ot the freedom just re-
ceived, and exhorting the people to be industnous, steady,
and obedient to the Jaws, and to show themselves m all
things worthy of the high boon God had conferred upon
them."
The effect of emancipation on the commercial
interests is briefly stated m the subjoined ex-
tracts. A writer in the Edinburgh Review says:
" These specific accounts of the several islands are home
out by the statistics and reports that relate to ourWe^tln-
dies cij masse. Lest it should be thought that these extracts
are carefully culled, to pioduce a particular impression, and
that it the leader had the whole lepoits before him,he would
find complaints and lamentations, we may at once say that
they appear to us to be fair samples of the views entertained
by the Governois, and also by other gentlemen acquainted
with ihe Wost Indies. The language of complaint i- no
longer heaid. Thioughout these"colonies, hope and con-
gratulation seem to have taken the place of irutation and
despan. In all cases, the later the report, the moie grati-
fying it is lound to be.
"To men of business, one fact will seem almost enough
by itself to show the sound commercial state of these col-
onies, namely, that in the yc.u I8f>7, the Colonial Bank
received bills fioin the We^f Indies to the amount of
moie than £1,300,000, ($6,-298,500;) and less than £b;000
were letnrneiir Xoi was tlieie a single faihuein
the West India tiade during the soveie commcicial crisis
of that yeat. Fuithermoie. coffee, cotton, wool, sugar,
rum. and cocoa are all expotted in increasing quantities.
The total cxpoits from Great Kiitam to the West Indies in
1P57 wete valm-d at halt a million moie ($2,422,500) than
the average of the piecedmg ten j'eais."
Mr. C. Buxton made a speech in the British
House of Commons, March, 1859, in which he
said:
u Because Jabot is fiee, and tiade i< free, the West Indies
are now li-ing to a pitch of wealth and happinc*- unknown
bcfoie Jt would be impossible tor me to lay befoie the
House the immense mass of evidence, which demon-tiates
that fact. I a,ii a-smed of it by meicannle men, I rind it
stionglv pet fmtb in the icports from the Gowrnois of the
islands, and in the stati-tics funnelled by the hoard of
trade. In the foui years between ltf.3-3 and 1S57. there lias
been an iueiea*e in the expoits and impoits of the West
Indies and Guiana of £-U!)0,000 (.^21,802..">00.) Consid-
eung what mere specks these i-dands look on the map of
Ameriea, it i< a-torii-hmg that their trade to and fro, in
the je.ii id.">7, should actually amount to £10,71]."),000
(^")0'ullJ)7.") ) It h altogethei absurd to suppo-e this pros-
pemy i- owing to the immigration of a lew thousand la-
hoiers; and in fact the inlands which have received no
innnig'ants aie quite, as flourishing as tho-e that haCv.
Inteie-ted parties deseiibe the negroes a* baibarous and
idle; but I find ample evidence that thev are living in a
lngu degiee oi mduMiy and comlott ; though I admit that
they -somewhat p'efei woikmg on freeholds they have pur-
chased, to InboiMg for hue.*'
The Edinburgh Rcuew concludes its array of
evidence, by saying:
k- A long and thoiough investigation of the case has borne
us itieM-tibly to the eonehision'that, mciely as a diy ques-
tion of emanripation ha- va\'1; that it was an act
ol pi udenee. tor which vt e a- a nation of shopkeepeis nerd
not blu-h heioie that golden a« d whom we are thought f>
wot -inn -o eageilv. t?Invet y and monopoly w ere beaung the
West hake- to mm. Undei m-e iahoi and Aee tiade they
j ate ii.-ing to wealth. Tiiey are yeailv enriching us moie
| and more with the wealth of then teitile soil, instead of
l being the plague ot state-mui and tin disgrace ot England,
I they arc Ix-cming invaluable po^^r-ions ot" the UrilMi
crown. Nevet did any deed of any nation show moie sig-
nal!} that to do right is the tiuest jnu-lcnce, than the gieut
deal (>t emancipation."
•• An mtelii<T(nt gentleman in St. Thoma3 said to Mr.
Thome, - the planter have set their heaits upon the ruin of
the island, and thevwdl be soirh di-appomtcd it it «hould
not come -1 l ur iliisdisappointment was m reserve foi them,
and ii(> uigertiutv oi'thens could pn-v'-nt it. As mdi\ idu.ils,
tlie\ -urtered hu'tlieii blind and nnnow policy; hut public
ptOsp''nt\ began to move -tea.lih oriwaid *'
j The social position of the emancipated slave is
1 til us desc. ihed. Sir t.'liable?. G  roy, who was Gov-
] ernor of Jamaica m 185U, sjvs:
I -Tin:" ,u>Mew taie- ui ni. n who will woik liaider. oi
jnore pcrsevcringly, than the negroes, when they arc &ure
of getting the produce of their labor
"The free villages which have sprung up since emanci-
pation, are described by all travelers as a new and most
pleasing featuie in the scenery of the West Indies. In the
day-5 of shiveiy, laborers geneially lived in thatched hovels,
with mud walls, thrown together without any order or ar-
langcment. A few calabashes, a water jar, and a mortar
for pounding corn, mainly constituted their furniture. As
the women were dnven into the fields to toil early and late,
they had no time foi household cleanliness. These negro
dwellings looked pictuiesque in thedistancc,nestling among
palm tiees and tamarind groves: but, like slavery itself,
they would not bear a close inspection. As you came near
them, the senses were offended by decaying vegetables and
nauseous effluvia. Now the laboiers Jive in free villages,
regularly laid out. The houses are small, many of them
built of stone or wood, with shingled loofs, green blinds,
and veiandahs to shield them from the sun. Most of them
aie neatly thatched, and generally plastered and white-
washed outside and in. They now have looking-glasses,
chaus, and sideboards decorated with pretty aiticles of
glass and crockery Each dwelling has its little plot of
vegetables, geneially neatly kept, and many of them have
fiowei gaulens m iiont, glowing with all the bright hues of
the tiopics. In 18W, Mr. I'hiiiippo said that, by a rough
estimate j the number of these villages in Jamaica was about
two hundred, arid the number of acres of land puichased
was not less than one hundred thousand. It was estimated
that in the eoui^e of foui years the emancipated appren-
tices had paid £170,000 ($8'23,630) for land and buildings.
And that was done when wages were from eighteen to
twenty-four ccnts a day, out of which they hoarded them-
selves ! And thr««5o were the people who the slaveholders
were so sure would1 skulk in the woods, and live on yams,'
rathei than work, after they ceased to be flogged!"
Lord Stanley, now Earl of Derby, in a dispatch
dated February, 1842, says:
Experience has shown, what reason would anticipate,
that the indushy of the negio, like that of all mankind, in
dtawn out just in pioportion to the interest lie has in his
labor.5'
Lord John Russell declared in one of his pub-
lic speeches:
"None of the most inveteiate opponents of our recent
measures of emancipation allege that the negroes have
turned lobbers, oi plunderei.-, or bloodthnsty insurgents.
What appears from their statements is that they have be-
come shopkeepers and petty traders, hucksters, and small
fieeholdeis. A blessed change this, which Providence has
enabled u-> to accomplish
<• in Guadaloupe. wheie liberty was pioclaimed at the
same time as in St. Domingo, the sudden tiansition took
place with potest safety. The leports ftom the Governors,
lor -ueeessne jeai5*, bear testimony th.it the emancipated
laboieis weie universally mdustiious and submissive to the
laws.
c- Uencial La Favettc, the consistent fnend of human fiee-
dom, made a piacticai expeument ot emancipation as early
as 1783. In the Fieneh colony ot Cayenne most of the soil
belonged to the (,'iown, and lie was itbk- to obtain it on
easy tenrH. He expended .^30.000 in puu'hasing land and
<da\ e-. He einploj ed an amiable and judicious gentleman
to take the management. The lijst thing the agent did when
he ailived in Cayenne was to call the -laves together, and
in theii presence burn all the whips and other instruments
o! punishment, lie informed them that their owner, Gen-
eial-La Fayette, had bought them tor the pui pose of enabling
them to obtain their freedom. lie then stated to them the
laws and regulations by which the estate would he gov-
erned. and the pecuniaiy advantages that would be granted
according to degrees of industry. Tins munuhis opeiated
like a chaim. The eneigy of the laborers ledoubled, and
they weie obedient to the wishes ot their managers. lie
died Irom the effects of the climate. But when the slaves
! in all the Fi°nch colonies weie emancipated in 1793, the
laboieis on this estate m Cayenne waited upon the new
agent, and said if the land still belonged to Genet at La Fay-
ette thev wished to resume their labor for him on the old
terms, giving as a ica^on that they wese ' desirous to pro-
mote the interests of one who had tieated them like men,
and cheered thoil toil by making it a cej tain means of free-
dom. '
it What will the slaves do when they are set free
I' or turned loose? There is a woman in this city
jl under forty years of age—and you may learn frorr
ji one the wlnde—who was kidnapped when she
;j was a babe, or, m the language of slavery, wa?
11 born a slave. She was claimed to belong to Mr
f, Garland, formerly Clerk of this House. The fam-
!' ily fell into decay, and removed to St. Louis, and
j this woman, a seamstress, in eighteen months
i, earned $1,000, and that was all the support that
;j family had during that pciiod. This is only one
, case out of many similar ones. And I am told
| that the family, although they were not too proud
' to take the earnings of this woman's needle, were
ashamed that it should be known. Nov/ what do
| you suppose that woman, if she were "turned
loose," would do with hers&lfr She has since be-
come free, having paid ^1,200 for her fieedom.
Do the worshipeis of Baal think this woman can
take care of herselP it might be added that the
only son of this woman was killed in the batile
of Springfield, whoie the lamented Lyon fell,
j The genileioan from Kentucky says wo want
to make ihis an anti-slavery war. I deny it. ]No
- man ever wanted to make it an anti-shuery war.
: We did not make the war at all. It was preesp-
