2778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
either with the southern branch or with the north-
ern branch, but I can see no necessity for compel-
ling this divergence.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the question of concurring in this
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
-Mr. CLARIC. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] inquires, why not let the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph company have the road, and
"not compel them to go by way of Atchison ? The
firtswer is a very direct one, that if you go by way
of Atchison, you have the advantage of the Platte
County road, and you save twenty miles of rail-
road, for which you give $16,000 of bonds per
mile, making a saving of $3§0,000 to the Govern-
ment, because you are not going to give the Platte
County §16,000 a mile.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Senator,
ifthkt advantage is gained to the Government in
consequence of saving twenty miles, as he says,
how much nearer he is to a point between the
waters of the Platte river and the waters of the
Republican Fork at the one hundredth meridian
of west longitude, when he is at Atchison, than
he is when at St. Joseph. That is the question.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the Senator's
argument now very distinctly, and I think I can
illustrate it by a little rough diagram which I have
made. There being St. Joseph, here is Atchison,
[pointing to the diagram.] If they go out and
strike the Kansas branch, of course they would be
much nearer to it at Atchison than at St. Joseph;
but if they do not run by Atchison and strike the
main*road at the point suggested by the Senator,
the branch is much longer. I propose that you get
the benefit of the Platte County road.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not in the direction.
Is it not southwest from St. Joseph to Atchison ?
Mr. CLARK. It is very nearly southwest.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now another question.
Is it not west of north from St. Joseph to the point
where the main Pacific stem commences?
Mr. CLARK. Undoubtedly; but we cannot
build these two long branches, and the question
comes between sacrificing one, or getting a con-
nection between St. Joseph and the Kaw valley.
I propose to strike out the St. Joseph branch en-
tirely; and to secure something for the St. Joseph
road, I propose to go by way of Atchison and
strike the Kaw valley, because I am satisfied we
cannot carry the bill and ought not to carry it
unless some of these branches are cut out.
Mr. HENDERSON. You save not more than
two miles.
Mr. CLARK. We save a great many things.
It is a matter of absolute necessity, it seems to the
committee, to deflectfrom the mam line. We can-
not incur the expense of building all these long
branches. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
inquires of me how far the Atchison road is built.
I do not know. Can the Senator from Kansas tell
mc?
Mr. POMEROY. It is built to the bank of the
river opposite Atchison.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from New
Hampshire can, perhaps, have the Senate more
fully understand the question when he states that
his proposition is to compel the St. Joseph road
to unite with the main branch at the scat of gov-
ernment of Kansas.
Mr. CLARK. Or near that. I have not any
particular place in my mind. I want them to strike
somewhere where they can practically, whether
it is the seat of government or not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The theory of the bill
is to have the St. Joseph branch a hundred miles
long to unite at Fort Riley or Manhattan. The
Senator proposes to shorten it to fifty miles, and
compel them to unite with the main branch at the
seatofgovernmentofKansas,Topeka. Of course
that is best for our State, and I think it will be
as well for the project, and therefore 1 shall vote
for it.
Mr. CLARK. Let me once for all disclaim
any favoritism for any particular place. I do not
know anything about Fort Riley; I do not know
that a road fifty miles long from St. Joseph would
strike Topeka or anywhere else. I desire to bring
it to the main trunk at the earliest practicable point
so as to connect the two roads,
Mr. LAINE, of Kansas. The practical result
of the Senator's proposition will be to compel the
St. Joseph road to meet the other at the scat of
government of Kansas.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall, Morrill, Pomcroy, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Carlile, Henderson, Ken-
nedy, King, Latham, Nesmith, Powell, Sauisbury, Sher-
man, Stark, Trumbull, Willey, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wright—15.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next reserved amend-
ment, which was, in pages 22 and 23, to strike
out of section seventeen the words, "that if a
road from the Missouri river to the city of Sacra-
mento is not completed on the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1876, the entire road or roads built under
the provisions of this act shall be forfeited to the
United States," and in lieu thereof to insert:
That if said roads are not completed, so as to form a
continuous line of railroad ready for use from the Missouri
river to the navigable waters of the Sacramento river, m
California, by the 1st day of July, 1876, the whole of all of
said railroads before mentioned and to be constructed under
the provisions of this act, together with all their furniture,
fixtures, rolling stock, machine shops, lands, tenements,
and hereditaments, and pioperty of every kind and char-
acter, shal I be forfeited to and be taken possession of by the
United States.
Mr. CLARK. I desired that amendment to be
excepted because I doubted whether it would be
practicable—whether the Government ever would
enforce so rigid a condition. I understand that
the Senator from Vermont has an amendment in
regard to the bonds which provides some secu-
rity, and perhaps we had better pass over this
amendment by unanimous consent, until the other
amendments are agreed to. I am for this amend-
ment, if we do not get something better, because
there must be something to secure the building of
the central portion of the road; but it has occurrcd
to me that we might pass it over until the Senator
from Vermont presents his amendment, and has
it disposed of.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I prefer action on it now.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps the Senator from Ver-
mont had better state what his proposition is, and
then the Senate can understand the question.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment I propose
does not qualify this amendment at all.
Mr. CLARK. Then I have no objection to its
being adopted.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next reserved amend-
ment, which was on page 23, after " lav/," in line
seventeen of section eighteen, to strike out the
following words:
And the better to accomplish the object of this act, name-
ly, to piomote the public inteiest and welfaie by the con-
struction of said lailroad and telegraph line, and keeping
the same m working oider, and to sccurc to the Govern-
ment at all times (but particularly in time of war) the use
and benefits of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses, Congress may, at any time, having due legard for the
ughts of said companion named herein, add to, altei, amend,
or repeal this act.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island, who asked for a separate vote on this
amendment, will consent that that portion of the
eighteenth section which it proposes to strike out
may be struck out, and I will state to him that I
design, before the Senate disposes of the bill, to
offer, as a distinct scction, a proposition which
covers, in substance, all that is contained in the
portions of the section proposed to be stricken out,
and I think accomplishes the purpose a great deal
better. During the last Congress, when this bill
was discussed freely, there was a section of this
kind adopted which I intend to offer now, and i
will read it for the information of Senators whose
attention may not have been called to it:
And be it fm Iker enacted, That the grant of lands and
bonds herein made shall be and is upon the expioss con-
dition that Congress shall have the power at any time herc-
aftei to amend the piovisions of this act for the purpose of
restraining abuses and piotectingthe public inteiests : Pro-
vided* however, That Congress shall not pass any taw dimin-
ishing the specified amount of contubutions herein im-
posed, and the provisions that may hereafter be made shall
be complied with.
I will state to the Senator from Rhode Island,
that if lie will allow the amend men t of the com in it-
tee to b<-' agreed to, 1 shaU offer this ps a distinct
section of the bill. That poitiun of the eighteen I!i
section which it is proposed to i>tnke out is very
badly worded, and it will necessaiily give rise to
litigation. IftheSenator will look at the latter por-
tion of it, he will see that its terms, particularly in
the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifrh lines, are such
as must necessarily give rise to a good deal of liti-
gation and trouble hereafter.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no preference as to
the form in which the provision is made, but I
desire to have the public protected from precisely
the same kind of management that the Senator
yesterday exposed on the part of the Pacific Tel-
egraph Company. I think that if we are to make
the enormous grants proposed to this road, Con-
gress ought to retain in some way the power to pro-
tect the public interests from exorbitant charges
and from imposition of any kind.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is a provision in
the bill now limiting the amount they piay dis-
tribute per cent.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there ought to be
some provision such as I have suggested. The
power ought to be retained by Congress to alter
and amend. I do not know but that the mode
proposed by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Latham,] will accomplish the object.
Mr. LATHAM. I shall offer what I have
read as a distinct section to the bill, if the Sen-
ator will consent that this portion of the section
may be stricken out.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see any objection to
the bill as it stands in this respect. I do not
see that it is very faultily worded; and I think
Congress ought to retain the power to add to, to
alter, to amend, or to repeal this act; and that it
is a proper control over these companies, in any
way Congress may deem proper and right. I think
they should be intrusted with the safeguard of the
money and of the land. These roads are for mil-
itary purposes; and let me say that these compa-
nies can trust us if we can trust them; let us keep
the control in our own hands.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There are two objections
to this clause which has been stricken out by the
committee. In the first place it commences with
a piece of buncombe, illegitimate talk in legisla-
tion; and then it concludes with reserving: author-
ity to repeal. Let me say to the Senator from
New Hampshire that his remark, that ifthe com-
panies will not trust Congress, Congress will not
trust them, does not cover the entire ground of
trusting. The companies will have to be trusted.
No enterprise of this kind can be carried on with-
out some credit; and no company will engage in
an enterprise ofthis kind, when byarepealingact
at any moment it may be swept out of existence.
There was a time when certain persons of certain
political notions put the repealing clause to the
end of every act of incorporation, but practical
cxpcrience proved that it destroyed the measure
sought to be established by law. If the thing is
to be created, it is to have some permanence and
definite duration, so that when it contracts with
parties they may know that it is a thing that is to
continue in esse, either for a definite time or con-
tinuously. If the Government retains the right at
any tune to abrogate this grant it is no grant at
all; but those who receive the aid of the Govern-
mentare mere tenantsat sufferanceof everything
of which they are placed in possession. And I
cannot understand, let me say to the Senator from
New Hampshire, how gentlemen who profess to
be in favor of this great enterprise can advance
positions that they know will destroy its entire
efficiency.
Mr. CLARK. I can well understand why a
man who declares himself in favor of an enter-
prise of this kind should desire to have this clause
in the bill. I understand the Senator from Cali-
fornia to say that it will destroy the enterprise. I
understand him to say, further, that enterprises
have been destroyed by such provisions. I should
like to have him tell me when.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They never had an ex-
istence, because after the law was passed they
could not £etfcapital to carry them on.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. My State has not granted an act of mcor-
potation for twenty yeais that has not had such a
clause in ;t; and 1 undertake to say one never failed
on that account. It is a very proper and useful
and salutary control. They know they are at the
eontiol of the men who cieated them, and there-
