1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2779
fore they keep within the line of their charters, and
we never have any difficulty with them. You wili
have no difficulty with these roads if they keep
within the line of their charters. Congress can
be trusted. Congress has this great enterprise at
heart. It never will molest those roads so long
as they pursue the proper line of their charters
and their duty. These companies may well trust
the Legislature of the country when the country
in fact builds the roads. When we give the money
and give the lands, we should be trusted. I hope
the clause will not be stricken out, and I do not
believe it will defeat the enterprise or delay it for
an hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. So faras the practical ques-
tion of investments is concerned the experience
in the State which I have the honor to represent
is precisely the same as in New Hampshire. We
have not granted a charter there for a great many
years which has not contained a provision that
" this act shall be subject to all future acts of the
General Assembly, either m amendment or in re-
peal thereof, or in any way affecting the same;"
and millions upon millions of dollars have been
invested in banking and manufacturing, and other
corporations under charters containingthatclause.
Mr. HOWARD. I think my friend from Cal-
ifornia overrates the danger which he thinks will
attend the enactment of such a clause as this. If
he will reflect, I think his reading will undoubt-
edly suggest to him that there has not been a man-
ufacturing company incorporated in the State of
Massachusetts, or perhaps in any of the other
New England States for many years past, the
charter of which has not contained a reservation
to the Legislature of the power of alteration or re-
peal. I certainly had never heard any complaint
growing out of what may be supposed to be the
abusive use of this reserved power. I confess that
I regard it as a very salutary power; one which
is not liable to be abused very easily, because we
all know that the rights of corporations are always
sufficiently guarded by those who are interested
in them, and the representatives of the districts
of country where they exist always have their
eyes directed towards them. I think there are
very few railroad charters in the western States
which do not contain this same reserved power of
repeal or alteration to the Legislatures of the States
where they are. So far has my State gone in this
regard that it is incorporated in its constitution,
declaring expressly that the Legislature shall at
any time have power to alter, amend, or repeal
any charter of a private company which it may
grant.
I think, sir, inasmuch as, in the present case,
Congress is to furnish the principal part of the
funds for the construction of this road, as it is a
great national work in which the people of the
whole United States are very deeply interested,
and one which they will be anxious to preserve
at all times, that the company will really run no
hazard if Congress retains this power of alteration
and repeal. I have no idea that it would unjustly,
wantonly, or injuriously repeal or alter this char-
ter; butstill we cannot tell what may emerge from
the womb of the future. The history of this Gov-
ernment is yet to be written, yet to be transacted.
We do not know what may happen; and, as a
matter of safety and security, I really think we
had better retain this clause. That is my opinion.
X am a friend to the bill, as the Senator from Cali-
fornia well knows; but I think we had better re-
tain this provision for safety sake, for the safety
even of the subscribers and members of the cor-
poration as well as the Government and the coun-
Iyv generally. No hazard is incuired by letam-
ing this power of amendment or repeal. These
are my views.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There is a very grave
objection to this clause further than I have
stated. Here is an enterprise which will involve
$100,000,000. There will be found plenty of men
who will get up in every Congress—for men of
that class do get in the Federal Legislature and
move a repeal, and thus alarm this large amount
of capital scattered over a large extent ot country,
not concentrated. It will be a subject of agitation,
disturbing the business of the company during
the enterprise, and disturbing the interests of the
company after it shall have been completed. Per-
sons will be threatening the. company with a dis-
solution—a very good way to levy black mail;
and black mail lias been levied here as well as on
the hills of Scotland. This is a clause that will
answer no other special or particular purpose ex-
cept that. Men who have a controversy and dis-
pute with the board of directors or the president
of the company will say, " we will have your
charter repealed; one of the directors of our road
is a member of Congress;" or a man who is a
Senator in this body may have a quarrel with
them, and say, "you are outraging my rights,
and I will have your charter repealed;" and that
will be a regular piece of business in the Federal
Senateand House of Representatives. This clause
will answer no good purpose. It will interfere
with the credit of the company, and interfere with
the business of this body.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask whether it is in
order to amend this clause which is now proposed
to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move to amend by
inserting after the word " act>" in the twcnty-fittli
line, these words: " by a vote of two thirds of the
members of each House."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified, ifthere be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will be put to the Senate. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the amendment to the amend-
ment, proposed by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me we had better
retain the proposition of the bill as it is. It is sim-
ply a proposition to keep this corpoiation created
by Congress within the contiolofCongress. That
is all it means. lean hardly conceive how cor-
porators who arc willing to take an act of incor-
poration from Congress, can distrust the-justice
of the nation in its future dealings with it. All in
the world that this proposition provides for is that
in the future 
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
me to say that 1 do not apprehend this law is going
to be repealed. My objection is to affecting the
credit of the road and again disturbing Congress
by attempts at repeal.
Mr. MORRILL. My belief about that is that
all enterprises in this country that rest on the
public judgment and the public faith, rest secure;
and the assaults upon it contemplated by the hon-
orable Senator from California, I think, are wholly
imaginary, speculative. As a piinciple of legis-
lation, both State and national, in regard to these
franchises, I hold that neither the State or nation
ever ought to part with its sovereignty over them;
they should be within their control, and I go one
step furthei, and believe that the legislatuie can-
not giant the right so that a subsequent futuie
legislature cannot amend it or alter it; but of
course I am not going to argue that question.
Now, sir, I am friendly to this enterprise as
one need be, and I am willing to make all liberal
grants in the direction of the final completion of
the measure through; and I believe that it Con-
gress will retain its direction and control over it,
it will contribute to that result. This provision
is the ordinary provision, such as is applicable
in the general legislation of the country to all
corporations of this kind. Why, then, should this
company claim an exemption, and particularly
allow me to ask the honorable chairman of the
committee, why this corporation should claim an
exemption from the ordinary principle when it is
to seek its endowment from the Government,
when, in addition to its charter, it looks to the
Government to build the road, and it must look
to the Government in all the future for its support
and maintenance? I therefore suggest to the hon-
orable chairman that he can, and I trust will have
a generous confidcnce in that public to which he
now appeals for the support of his measure, and
allow this principle, which is but the ordinary
principle in legislation, to be ingrafted upon the
bill. I appeal to the honorable Senator from
Michigan whether it is worth while to exempt
this fiom the ordinary principle of legislation.
It is but an ordinary principle in legislation, and
why, therefore, should this riot depend upon the
ordinary majority in Congress? Congress must
always be relied upon to act justly and fairly m
this matter.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, there
is no dooOt it oti£_"ht always to possess that cliai-
acter; but I fancy thchistory of Congress will not
show that it has always possessed that character
and has always been'en titled to that confidence.
There are cases of hasty, unfair, and unjust legis-
lation undoubtedly in the history of Congress.
My idea is this, that by requiring a vote of two
thirds of each branch of Congress, we run less
hazard of doing injustice to the corporation than
we should do by allowing an amendment to bo
made by a simple majority. There is less liability
to hasty and unjust legislation. There is less op-
portunity for lobbying and influencing the mem-
bers of Congress on the subject. If a schemer,
if an intriguer discovers any defect in this charter
which we are about to pass, I hope it will be im-
possible for him to reach his ends unless he can
persuade two thirds of each House to vote with
him, or for his measure, and there will be much
less chancc of his carrying through any iniquitous
project. I will say further upon this subject that
this is of the character of the charters of my own
State almost universally, and I believe it is the
provision which is incorporated in the constitution
of my State, that it requires two thirds of each
House to repeal or alter or modify a charter, and
it has worked very well thus far.
Mr. CLARK. 1 simply desire to suggest to the
Senator from Michigan the little likelihood that
anybody outside by a lobby influence can carry
anything against this great monopoly of a corpo-
ration, or these three corporations when once in-
corporated. You will not be troubled by anybody
lobbying on that side. It will be on the other that
youwill have the influenccand the money entirely.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; then thecountry
has the same protection of a two-thirds vote.
Mr. CLARK. But the Congress is the organ
of the country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to ask my
honorable friend from New Hampshire, is there
any limit as to the time during which this corpo-
ration is to run, or is it perpetual?
Mr. CLARK. It is perpetual, as I understand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Tl^en as a matter of course
I think we ought to reserve? the power of repealing
or altering the charter. It seems to me the idea
of creating this mammoth monopoly to run on for-
evei, and nobody to have any power over them,
would be monstrous.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan proposes to amend the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, by inserting
at the end of line twenty-five of section eighteen
the words "by an act passed by a vote of two
thirds of the members of each House," so that
the clausc will lead:
Conure^s mav at any tunc, bavins dec rcg.ml for the rights
of smd companies named herein, add to.after, or repeal tins
act by an act passed by a vote of two thuds ol the members
of each House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt the constitutional-
ity of such a provision. Congress by a majority,
according to the Constitution, may do certain acts
of legislation. There are one or two constitutional
restraints upon the power of a majority. It re-
quires a two-thirds vote to pass certain acts, by
the Constitution.
Mr. McDOUGALL". I will ask whether this
is not a mere contract between the Government and
the corporation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is no practical
difficulty m Congress repealing a charter; and it
would bo unconstitutional to attempt to require
here that a vote ot two thirds should^ be necessary
to a°ree to at) ordinary act of legislation. Itwould
be proper in the constitution ot the State of Michi-
gan, for instance, bccausc the constitution of a
State may prescribe the vote that shall be given
for any biil in the Legislature; but I do not think
the Thirty-Seventh Congress can prescribe how
many members of the Sixty-Sixth Congress shall
repeal an act. it strikes me there can be no ques-
tion on that point.
Mr. HOWARD. I confess I think they may.
I am so unfortunate as to differ with the Senator
from Ohio on that subject. A charter of incor-
poration, which 13 not a municipal corporation,
created merely for political and governmental pur-
poses, is well understood by the legal profession
to be a contract between the Government and the
corporators, and every provision of it is but part
and parcel of that contract. In this case, we are
entering into a bargain with certain individuals,
who, in the bill, are denominated stockholders,
