300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19,
3*7™ Cong....2d Sess.
Losses by the Rebellion—Mr. Webster.
Ho. of Reps.
indemnity ? I want to foliow it with another ques-
tion.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from New York foraskingmethatquestion.
I have to put an emphatic negative upon the theory
which the gentleman seems to have in his mind
upon that subject. 1 answer his question with an
emphatic no. I know of my own knowledge that
in a great number of instances property has been
taken by the command of officers of the Army in
my own State, in which no certificate has been
given and in which no redress can be had at the
proper department here. I have gone my self with
numerous claims, some of them from my own
neighborhood, to the Quartermaster General's de-
partment, claims proved on oath by disinterested
parties before magistrates,and with the certificates
of county clerks upon them to the official char-
acter of the magistrates, claims clearly and posi-
tively proved, but because it had been impossible
to get the proper vouchers from the accounting
officers in charge of the troops at the time, the de-
partment has referred the claimants, in every in-
stance, to Congress for redress.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say a word in answer to the gentleman
from New York ?
Mr. WEBSTER. In a moment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the gentle-
man allow me a moment ?
Mr. WEBSTER. I will give thegentleman the
floor for a short time, if he desires it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I asked the gen-
tleman one question, and he is answering another.
Mr. WEBSTER. No, sir; I am on that very
question. 1 say that there are a great many cases
where properly has been taken by the orders of
competent authorities, the officers in command of
troops, where no certificate of that fact has been
given, and in which no certificate can be obtained.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I asked no such
question  s that.
Mr. WEBSTER. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The abuse of
any law reflects very little light upon its scope or
validity. I did not ask the gentleman what offi-
cers have done, in point of fact, in the State of
Maryland. My inquiry was whether the law, as
it now stands, uoes not provide that in cases where
the commandant of a given district takes property
for the use of the Army, he shall give to the per-
son from whom it is taken a certificate of the fact.
Mr. WEBSTER. I admit that what the gen-
tleman states is the law, but it is a sad fact for
many people that because officers of the Army
cannot in some cases, and in other cases where
they can, do not, discharge their duty and obey
the law, they suffer thereby.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not differ
with thegentleman at all as to the proposition that
he now states, that nobody should suffer because
that law was disregarded; but I put my question
as a preliminary inquiry in order to ask him if he
proposes by this bill to amplify the scope or mul-
tiply the classes of claims which are to be paid,
or does he intend his bill to provide indemnity for
those who ought to receive certificates if the law
as it now stands were carried out?
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, I will say this to the
gentleman: that it is not intended to provide by
this bill that the proper accounting officers iri the
Quartermaster General's department shall have
any other class of claims brought before them than
that which now properly goes before them; but
the committee do intend to provide a tribunal be-
fore which honest loyal claimants may come with
those classes of claims which they cannot have
adjudicated before the department; not, however,
enlarging the principles upon the subject of com-
pensation to claimants which the Government has
always rccognized.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will state this fact: nei-
ther (he-quartermaster's department nor the sub-
sistence department will pay one dollar for sup-
plies or for the use of property unless there was
a contract made between the quartermaster and
the man who sets up the claim before the property
was taken or the services rendered. In cases where
there was not a contract before the property was
taken, the dejiartments will not pay the claims.
Mr. WEBSTER. I think, from the facts al-
ready stated, that the class of claimants provided
for in this bill cannot get their claims settled by
the proper accounting officers in this city. They
would infinitely prefer that the proper accounting
officers here should pay them. They would get
their money sooner, and have less trouble in prov-
ing their claims. In every case where a claim has
come to my knowledge, it has first gone to those
officers, because the parties interested preferred to
go there, and not being able to get the redress
there to which they were entitled, they came to
the Committee of Claims, the tribunal provided
by this House for such cases.
But, Mr. Speaker, as I before remarked, I did
not rise to discuss the main features of this bill.
When it was introduced by the chairman of the
Committee of Claims, I offered an amendment to
it. That amendment is to the tenth and last sec-
tion of the bill, which provides that the commis-
sioners shall not take cognizance of any claim
against the United States for the lo^g, value, or
services of any slave or person of color. My
amendment is to strike out that part of the section,
leaving in it, however,"the provision that no per-
son who has engaged or shall engage in the pres-
ent rebellion against the Government of the Uni-
ted States shall derive any benefit under this act.
I opposed that feature of the bill in regard to slaves
in committee, and endeavored to have it stricken
out, but the committee thought best to retain it.
At the same time the committee agreed that I
should have the opportunity of proposing my
amendment in the House, and of having a vote
of the House on it.
Mr. Speaker, this is an unjust discrimina-
tion, in my opinion, against loyal men who have
claims against the Government for services of
theirslaves. I am not speaking at present about
compensation for loss of slaves. I do not believe,
and never have believed, that this Government is
bound to pay for runaway negroes. If, in the
march of our Army through southern States,ne-
groes run away with it, or if individual officers or
privates in the Army see fit to steal negroes from
their masters, to whom they are individually re-
sponsible in the.courts,and as much as they would
be disgraced thereby, and should be punished by
the Government as for any other theft, yet I do
not believe that the Government is bound to pay
for said slaves. So, too, if a loyal master puts
his slave into the Army in any capacity, and that
slave is lost in battle or otherwise, I do not hold
to the opinion that the Governmentis bound to
pay for him. Iknowthat, in yearsgone by, when
reports from the Committee of Claims came from
southern men themselves, that committee and the
House declined to pay for slaves killed in battle,
whenthey weremservicewith the consentof their
masters. Ttie reason being that, when a master
makes his contract for the service of his slave, he
takes into consideration the risk of that service.
He has a valid claim against the Government for
wages for the service of his slave, but for nothing
else.
No w, it is afactknown to everybody who knows
anything about the Army, that in all the wars in
which this country has been engaged a great num-
ber of slaves have been employed; some of them
as servants to theirowners, officers in the Army,
and the Government has always paid the master
for their services. In many instances masters,
who were not themselves in the Army, have hired
their slaves as teamsters and in other capacities.
The Government has always recognized this class
of cases through its proper officers here. Sup-
pose a case of this character arises, as it may and
will arise, in which the proof may not be satisfac-
tory to the proper officers here, is it not fair to
provide that the owner, having a valid claim, may
go before a commission, as he mightgo before the
Committee of Claims, and ask compensation?
Now let me put a case as an illustration. Your
illustrious predecessor, Mr. Speaker, a distin-
guished general now in the field, (General Banks,)
recently found it necessary to fall back, in the face
ofthe enemy, through the Shenandoah valley, till
he reached the Maryland heights. Suppose that
lie had deemed it proper toerectfortifications there
in a short space of time, and had called on the
loyal slaveholders of Maryland to send their ser-
vants to aid in the work; and suppose that when
this work was accomplished a forward movement
of the Army took place, and the quartermaster or
other officer, whose duty it was to give certificates
for the work, had been ordered forward suddenly
and been killed id battle, by which the owners of
the slaves were prevented getting their vouchers,
would Congress refuse compensation under such
circumstances ? I ask, therefore, whether the com-
mission provided for in this bill should not have
the same class of cases before it for adjudication?
Let me put another case to you. It is necessary
to move the forces of our Army across a river. A
loyal slaveholder owns a ferry and boats, and uses
his slaves as ferrymen. The Government takes
possession of the ferry boats and the ferry men,
and have their troops carried across. The boats
are overloaded and are lost, and the negroes them-
selves are lost. Now, without going into the
question of compensation for the loss ofthe slaves,
would not the Government be bound to pay for
their services as well as for the loss of the prop-
erty itself—the boats destroyed? This is a hy-
pothetical case as I put it,but it is a reality. There
is an instance of it in the adjoining county of
Prince George. A loyal slaveholder, owning but
one slave, it is true, and him only for two years,
lie being a slave for a term of years, owned also
a ferry boat, of which the slave was ferry man. The
forces of the United States wanting to cross the
river—the Potomac—took possession of the ferry
boat. The ferry man protested that they were
overloading the boat, and that he could not reach
the other side of the river with it. He protested
against going over with the boat so overloaded,
declaring that his life and the lives of all of them
would be lost in the attempt. He was willing to
carry over as many men as the boat would hold,
but the officer in charge compelled him to endeavor
to take the boat across with all the men in it which
the officer had put in. The result was the boat
was sunk; the ferryman himself lost his life, to-
gether with the officer in charge and a number of
soldiers.
Now, I hold, that in a case of that kind, the
Government should not only pay for the service
ofthe slave, but I go further, and hold that when
an officer has thus impressed a slave against his
consent, and consequently against his owner's con-
sent, and has used him for the service of the Gov-
ernment, and that slave's life is destroyed, the
Government should give fair and reasonable com-
pensation to his own#rfor his loss, as well as for
his services. You cannot apply to such a case
the principle that applies to the other case that I
have mentioned, namely, that he was in the ser-
vice with the consent of his owner, and under a
contract made by his owner which included the
chances of his destruction. In this case he is im-
pressed into the service, taken against his mas-
ter's will, and I therefore hold that the Govern-
ment is responsible for his loss. But in order to
show, I think, the injustice of this section of the
bill, it is not necessary I should rely on cases of
this character. I am putting my objection now
to the section .upon this one simple question of
service. It does seem to me so clear, so fair, so
reasonable, that when I voluntarily hire my slave
to the Government, and permit him to go into the
Army in any capacity for the good of the country,
I should have compensation for his services, that
I think gentleman cannot hesitate to adopt my
amendment. I understand that there is some pro-
vision made by the War Department, some or-
der of the War Department, in reference to pay-
ing for the services of the contrabands, as they
are called; that a statement of labor and wages is
kept, of contrabands coming into particular posts,
and that to a certain extent, the War Department
has determined that in caseofloyal owners, they
shall have a claim against the Government for
the wages of their slaves employed by that De-
partment.
But I am not speaking of that class of cases at
all. I am speaking of slaves that are not contra-
band, or, in other words, are not fugitives; of
slaves that have gone into tile service ofthe coun-
try by the consent of their owners, or by the
compulsion of the Government without the con-
sent of their owners. *
Rut I have another objection to that portion of
the section, besides the' fact that in excluding
claims for the services of slaves you make an un-
just discrimination against the loyal men of the
