2780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
and a name is given to them in the bill which we
are enacting. We are entering into terms-with
those stockholders; and everything which we
agree to, which we enact on the part of the Gov-
ernment, becomes, when the act of incorporation
shall have been accepted by the subscribers, a
bargain—a contract. I take it, sir, that this prin-
ciple is just as well settled by adjudications as
any other principle about which lawyers are ac-
customed to talk. It is a contract, a bargain; and
we have a right to insert in it any terms that we
may see fit. As I hold, we have a right to insert
in it a clause to this effect: that it may be repealed
by a vote of two thirds of the members of each
House, ora majority of each House, or we have a
right to insert a clause requiring a unanimous vote
inone House or in both Houses; for, after aW, these
provisions would be nothing more nor less than
part and parcel of the contract we are making
with the corporation. I believe—I am quite sure
—'this is the first occasion on which I ever heard
the objection started in this form. The original
objection was, that it was incompetent for the
Legislature to reserve in the charter a power of
revocation, because it would be like a grant of
land, in which the grantor reserves to himself the
power of revocation, or the power to recall the
grant, which is always held to be void. But, sir,
at a very early day the supreme court of Massa-
chusetts, Judge Parsons, I believe, presiding, held,
upon the most mature consideration, that it was
competent for the Legislature of the State to le-
serve this power of repeal or alteration in a char-
ter; and since that time lam not aware that it has
ever been disputed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will be adopted; and I hope, also,
the Senator from California will give up this strug-
gle to make this a perpetual corporation, with no
power over it on the part of Congress which cre-
ates it. 1, for one, cannot vote for any bill creat-
ing any such monopoly as that.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes ten, noes not
counted.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to insert the word
"or" after " alter," and to strike out the words
" or repeal "after the word " amend;"so that the
clause will read, " Congress may at any time,
having due regaid for the rights of said company
named herein, add to, alter, oi amend this act/'
Mr. CLARK. I hope that amendment will not
be made. 1 think we had better take the amend-
ment entire.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clause in
the bill was stricken out in committee, and now
the question is on concurring in the amendment
of the committee striking out the whole clause.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I take it, we are now through
with the committee's amendments.
ThePRESlDINGOFFlCER. The Chair un-
derstands there are still further amendments made
in committee reserved for a separate vote not yet
acted upon.
The next reserved amendment was in line fifty-
one of the first section of the bill, to add tine letters
44 th" to the word 44 hundred," and to strike out
the words 44 and second;" so that, instead of the
"one hundred and sccond meridian" it will read,
" from a point on the one hundredth meridian of
longitude west from Greenwich."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was to insert,
after the word 44 Greenwich," in the fifty-second
line,the words,41 between the south margin of the
valley of the Republican river and the north mar-
gin of the valley of the Piatte river, in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to have the
yeas and nays on concurring in that amendment.
1 am opposed to fixing a particular point, north
and south, where this road shall start.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Unless this amendment shall
be concurred in, I shall move to reconsider the
vote on the amendment which has just been con-
curred in, fixing the point on the one hundredth
meridian, and go upon some other meridian; be-
cause I understood that to be a sort of compro-
mise between the friends of the bill on the one side
and the other, that we should begin on the one
hundredth meridian between those two points. If
they are now to reject a part, let us have the ques-
tion on the whole.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I was not present
when the committee made this arrangement. Do
I understand the Senator from New Hampshire
to state that it was a compromise?
Mr. CLARK. No; I do not say it was a com-
promise made in terms; but I made this motion
to amend in order to satisfy those on that side who
wanted the one hundred and second meridian, and
those on this who wanted Fort Kearny, and it
was passed almost sub silentio.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then, with the con-
sent of the Senate, I will withdraw my demand
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the call for the yeas and nays will be
withdrawn. The Chair hearing no objection, the
demand is withdrawn; and the question recurs on
concurring in the amendment made in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word 44 Repub-
lican," and inserting 44 Solomon." It will then
read:
Between the south margin of the valley of the Solomon
river and the north margin of the valley of the Platte river,
in the Territory of Nebiaska.
My object in moving that amendment is simply
this: as I understand, this route was surveyed by
General Fremont in 1843, and it has been ascer-
tained to be as good if not a better route, provided
this road shall run by way of Denver, than any
other route that has been surveyed across the
plains. It is known to us in the West thatalong
that river is presented one of the most practicable
routes for a railroad that can be adopted across
the plains. Senators will see it does not make
a difference of more than twenty-five or thirty
miles. There is buta very shortdistancc between
them. At the one hundredth meridian of west
longitude the distance, between the waters of the
Solomon, or rather the main stream of the Solo-
mon river and the Republican river, does not
exceed twenty-five or thirty miles.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit me
to remind him of one or two things, it may per-
haps shorten this debate. If he will turn to the
eighth section, he will find that the Senate have
alrcadyfixed the point of commencement; that it
must be at the one hundredth meridian between
these two rivers. That js fixed and concluded,
and this section should correspond with that.
Mr. HENDERSON. When was that fixed ?
Mr. CLARK. It was fixed in the Senate this
morning. That amendment was notexcepted; it
was concurred in. The point was fixed in Com-
mittee ofthe Whole yesterday,and wasconcurred
in this morning, and is past alteration now unless
there is a motion to reconsider.
Mr. HENDERSON. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I rose at the time and asked that that
amendment should be reserved, and I did not in-
tend that it should be concurred in without making
this proposition. I have reserved it. The Senator
may not have so understood me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
advised that that is noted as reserved for a sepa-
rate vote, and has not yet been reached.
Mr. CLARK. Then that obviates that objec-
tion. I will state my other objection after the
Senator gets through, and not interrupt him any
further.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, my rea-
son for offering this proposition is the same that I
gave to the Senate yesterday evening. I am op-
posed to fixing any point on a north and south
line for the commencement of this main trunk
road. I am opposed to it upon principle. I think
it is wrong. If we undertake to build a road of
this magnitude, and to expend the amount that is
essential to be expended, I think the best route,
the most practicable route as ascertained by actual
survey, ought to be adopted. I do not believe we
are in a condition here at present to say that this
road shall commence at any given point whatever.
We ought not to say that it shall commence at any
particular point on a north and south line; or if
we do undertake to fix a point, we ought to take a
distance of two, three, or four degrees within which
to allow a selection, and then to leave the remain-
der of the route, and in fact the beginning of the
route, to be fixed by those who InulJ tlie road.
The route determines the proper starting point,
and that is to be determined by its practicability
and economy on the part of the Government in
its construction.
With these views I opposed the proposition
made yesterday to fix it at Fort Keai ny. I do not
want to fix it at any point, but the Senate mani-
fested in its vote yesterday a very strong dispo-
sition, I think, to adopt some point on a north and
south line for the commencement of this road. I
differ with them in regard to this matter; but if
they are determined to adopt a point, I thmk this
short distance between the waters of the Repub-
lican and Platte rivers is too narrow a space in
;which to locate the terminus of this road. If my
proposition be adopted, if you adopt the waters
of tlie Solomon river on the south and the waters
of the Platte river on the north, you have a dis-
tance, not exceeding one degree, within which you
confine the terminus of the road. I object to its
being confined at all; and if I thought "there was
any disposition whatever on the part of the Sen-
ate to concur with my views, I should move to
strike out the provision entirely, and leave it as the
House of Representatives has left it; that is, to be
determined by survey, asl understand. TheSen-
ate committee thought otherwise; but I think the
space they have adopted within which this ter-
minus is to commence is too narrow a one. 4
Senators will see by examining the map, that if
this roadgoas up the Republican Fork of the Kan-
sas river,going upon the low lands ofthe river, you
will have to go as far north as 40O 30' of north lati-
tude, and then if you continue to follow the stream,
you will have to go down again to the fortieth de-
gree. I am assuming that.the road is to go by Den-
ver, and I have satisfied my mind that if economy
to the Government in the adoption of a straight line,
and the practicability of the route shall be con-
sidered, that is the route over which this road
will go, and then from Denver City west thiough
the pass which has been recently discovered, and
which route, I understand,is about to be adopted
by the Overland Mail Company. I have been
informed that last winter, at a period of time
when upon the extreme northern route near the
South Pass the snows were over the top of the
telegraph poles, this route south of the Wind
mountains was almost entirely free from snow.
It is a direct line, and if this route is to go by the
way of Denver, I think it altogether proper that
this amendment should be adopted. It does not
make it go there; but if it be ascertained upon
survey to be the most practicable route, the one
best adapted for the building of the road, Sena-
tors ought at least to be willing to give some
twenty-five or thirty miles in distance there for
the commencement of the road. They will see
by an examination of the map that it expands the
distance but very little. It is a more directroute,
it is a shorter route along the Solomon Fork than
it is upon the other, and I therefore move the
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. The committee, in fixing these
points, had in regard the two routes, the Denver
route and the more northerly route. If you go
by the Denver route, you naturally take the Re-
publican Fork.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not necessarily.
Mr. CLARK. Not necessarily, but naturally;
because that falls around and comes almost di-
rectly in the line to Denver. If you go by the
other route, you take the Platte valley. Now, the
great reason for confining it thus was this: there
are certain Senators who object to starting in a
State. They say that Congress has no power to
charter a corporation commencing in a State; that
it belongs to the State Legislature entirely. We
therefore adopted this amendnent, and added to
it the words 44 in the Territory of Nebraska," no
that you should not go into the State of Kansas.
Now, if you go down to the valley of the Solomon
river, you go into the State of Kansas, and you
encounter at once the objection that you start in a
State by a corporation created by Congress. Other
Senators think we can authorise a corporation al-
ready created in a State to go on and do ct.itain
things, but they object to creating a corporation
in a State,and giving it power. Such is the opin-
ion of my friend from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,]
