1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Every member
has the right of objection, and is the exclusive
judge of the propriety of its exercise. T*his is an
unquestionable privilege; and in the enjoymentof
a privilege equally undeniable I shall, whenever I
choose,express my opinion of the weight and force
of reasons submitted here,as well by the irritable
gentleman from Maryland as by others, the gen-
tleman from Maryland to the contrary notwith-
standing.
I was endeavoring to promote the convenience
of the House, and to that end submitted the prop-
osition in the hope that it might be agreeable all
around. The gentleman from Maryland, with-
out assigning, as it seems to me, any very good
reason, objects, and without expressing a willing-
ness to accept anything, persists in his objection.
After this experiment my judgment is that no
agreement can he readied, and to test the sense
of the House I will move the previous question,
unless my colleague may be allowed to take the
floor, with the understanding that at the end of
his remarks he will renew the demand.
Mr.' EDWARDS. I object to any such agree-
ment as that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot, of course,
recognize any such agreement.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I move the
previous question now.
Mr. DIVEN. I hope my colleague will not
insist on his demand.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. DIVEN. I hope the Chair will permit me
to say to my colleague and the House that, as a
member of the Judiciary Committee, it is butfair
and proper that I should have the opportunity of
expressing my views upon this subject. That
committee has reported adversely upon several
bills and resolutions which are now to bo referred
to a select committee. When that committee
makes its report, after expressing their own views
the previous question will in all probability be
called, and I shall have no opportunity of a hear-
ing before the House.
'Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My colleague
forgets that the gentleman from New Hampshire
but this moment-refused' to acquiesce in his re-
quest, which I think is a very reasonable one. I
have not the power, therefore, to yield the floor
except unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest this
debate. The gentleman from New Yoik will
either withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion or relinquish the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I must, then,in-
sist upon my demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope my col-
league will withdraw his call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw it.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island. I renew it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was token; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 47; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt, Bakei,
Hiixtrr, Beiiman, Fianci* P Blair,Samuel S. Blair, Bhsko,
Bufhiiton, Btnnham, Chanibciiin, Clements Colfax, l<Vd-
onek A. Conklmir, ito^coc Conkhng, Covodn, Cutler, I)<\-
vN, Edwaids, Eliot. Fouton, Fe^endi-iijFi anchor, Ftank,
Gooch, Goodwin, Gian^er, Ctirley, llanehelt, Hickman,
Hooper, Ilutehm-J, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kclloaj*,
Lan^ng, Lehman, Lootnis, Lovejoy, MeKmght, MePher-
son, Mitchell, Mooihead, Ju-?m fc5. Moirill, Nixon, Oiin,
P.irton, Timothy G. Phcip<, Pikf, Porter, John II. Ilico,
Kiddle, Ed'vaul II. UoIIjiij*, Jame-> S. Rollins Hargont,
SShank-, r?hellabaigor, Sloan. Suatton, Tumble, Tiow-
bridee, Van llotn. Van Valkenburgh, E P. Walton, Wha-
ley. Albeit rf. White, Wilson, Windoni, and Woieester
—*71.
NAYS—Meters. Allen. Jo-eph Bailv. Biddle, George II.
Riownp, William G Brown, Calvint, Ca««ey. Cox, Ci i-slicld,
Ctiucnden. I)iven, Danlap. Dunn, Fisher, Grider, Haight,
Uall. Harding, Harrison, Knapp, J,aw, Leary, Malloiy,
May, Maynai'd, Menzie^, Morris, Noell. Norton, Od<'li3
Pony, Price, Sheffield, Shiel. Smith. John B. Steele, Ben-
jamin F. Tboma«, fianeis Thomas Vallandigham. Vit>-
b;ml. Vuorhce-*, W«dl,"Waul. Webster, Chilton A. White,
"Woudiuti', and Wught—47.
So the main question was ordered.
During: the calling of the roll,
Mr. VAN VAL1CENBURGH stated that his
colleague, Mr. Pomfuoy, had been detained by
sickness; also, that Mr. Spaulding was absent
for the same icason.
Mr. LAZEAR stated that he had agreed to pair
off with his colleague, Mr. Wallace, who was
absent.
Mr. NUG-EN stated that he had paired with
his colleague, Mr. Edgerton.
Mr. DAVIS stated that Mr. Campbkli. being
compelled by business engagements to absent
himself from the city, had paired with the gentle-
man from New Jersey, Mr. Cobb.
The question recurred on the adoption of Mr.
Olin's resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
George Ii. Browne, William G. Blown, Buffinton, Burn-
ham, Casey, Chambeilin, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conkling, iloscoe Conkling, Covode. Cutler, Davis, Dawe«,
Diven, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Fessenden,Fisher,
Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley,
Ilaight, Ilanchett. Harrison, llickman, Holman, Hutchms,
Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Lehman,
Loomis,Lovejoy,McKni5ht, McPherson. Maynard, Mitch-
ell, Moot head, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noell, Odeil, Olin,
Patton, Pike, Price, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Saigent, Shanks, Sheffield, Shella-
baiger, Sloan, Smith,'John B. Steele, Stevens, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Tiowlnidge, Van Ilom,
Van Valkenburgh, WaJl,F,. P. Walton, Washburne, Wha-
ley, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and
Worcester—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Daily, Biddle,
Calvert, Cox, Cnsfield, Dmilap,Glider, IIaiding,Kerrigan,
Knapp, Law, Leary, Malloiv, Way, Menzies, Moiris,
Noble, Noiton, Peiry, Slue!, William G. Steele, Fiancis
Thomas, Vallandigham, Vibbard, Voorhees, Ward, Web-
ster, Chilton A. White, and Wright—31.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;andalso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. 1 move that all of the other bills
upon the Calendar upon the same subject shall be
referred to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
TREASON.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill relating to treason and
rebellion; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the select committee on the subject.
ENROLLED JUILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 248) for the
relief of the owners, officers, and crew of the Dan-
ish bark Jorgen Lorentzen; when the Speaker
signed the same.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Printing to report the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolied, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
beis ot this House, two bundled thousand extra copies ot
the Patent Office Rcpoit on Agricultuie for 1861, and fifteen
thousand extia copies for official distribution by the De-
paitnient ot the Interior.
The usual number of that report has already
been printed and distributed, and this extra num-
ber is found necessary at this time for the use of
the members of this House and of the Depart-
ment of the Interior. Of the agricultural portion
of the Patent Office report for 1859, three hundred
thousand extra copies were ordered to be printed;
and of the Agricultural Reportof 1860 two hundred
and fifteen thousand extra copies were ordered.
The committee are of the opinion that the same
number should be ordered to be printed for 1861.
The cost of two hundred and fifteen thousand ex-
tra copies of the Agricultural Report for 1860 was
$77,739 32, and I presume that it will cost the
same for the same number of the repot t for 1861.
Mr. DUNN. I move the following amend-
ment:
And that there be also printed and bound thirty-five thou-
sand copies of the second volume of the Mechanical Report
of the Patent Oliice for the jear I860, to supply thatnumbei
de^tioyed by fiie.
I wish to say, in explanation of that amend-
ment, that I was directed to report it to the House
by the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice. The House may not be aware of the facts
m this case. By a fiic which occurred m this
city, previous to the meeting of Congiess atthis
session, nearly all of the copies of that second
volume, intended for members of this House were
destroyed. In order to supply the number that
was destroyed, the passage of the amendment I
have offered is demanded.
Mr. STEVENS. The deficiency bill will soon
be brought to the attention of the House; and the
amendment, I think, would be more germane to
that bill than to the resolution reported from the
Committee on Printing. I therefore suggest that,
the amendment be withheld to that time.
Mr. DUNN. I think it may as well be adopted
at this time. The second volume of the Mechan-
ical Report for 1860 contained the diagrams of
inventors which were explained in the first vol-
ume. The first volume has been already printed
and distributed. Many of the members of the
House have received their share of the second
volume, and others have received none at all. The
first volume which they have distributed is as so
much waste paper unless this second volume is
furnished to them. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the Superin-
tendent of the Patent Office, there has been no
mechanical report furnished for 1861.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. The gentleman
is mistaken. A mechanical report has been com-
municated to Congress for 1861. I think the agri-
cultural report for 1861 is one of unusual interest
to the farmers of the country. I have examined it.
The second volume of the Mechanical Report
of the last year was destroyed by fire, or rather
nearly all the copies which were printed were de-
stroyed, leaving only the copies of the first vol-
ume to be distributed. The Mechanical Report
of 1861 is unlike the preceding ones for several
years. It does not contain any drawings of the
patents granted. It contains simply a list of the
patents expired and the patents granted. The
Committee on Printing have not been disposed to
report in favor of the printing of the second vol-
ume of the Mechanical Report for 1860, which
was destroyed by fire, because the Patent Office
seems to have abandoned the plan of furnishing
drawings of inventions.
Mr. STEVENS. I doubt very much the pro-
priety of printing these reports. Heretofore I have
gone for tho printing of the largest number, for
they have been distributed to the agricultural por-
tion ofour population,beside being printed at the
public expense. The franking privilege has been
abolished, and the people may not be now willing
to receive them through the post oliice. If they
be printed they will impose a heavy burden upon
mcmbeis for their distilbution.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. When was the
franking privilege abolished?
Mr. STEVENS. I will tell the gentleman.
The Senate have in former years passed bills for
the abolition of the franking privilege. This year
we have passed a bill for that purpose, and we
have good reason to infer that it is virtually abol-
ished. I do not suppose the Senate are going to
turn back upon their tracks because we have imi-
tated them in their folly. I think the disti lbution
of these documents will be a burden to the people
and to Congress.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move that the number
be reduced to one hundred and fifteen thousand
copies. That will give six or seven hundred
copies to each member.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not quite
germane to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. McPHERSON. I withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend by provid-
ing that fifty thousand copies of said report be
printed in the German language.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I want to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Printing
whether the plates from which the drawings for
these books are to be printed have been destroyed ?
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. They were not.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. What will be
the expense of printing thirty-five thousand copies?
Mr. WALTON, of Veimont. About seven-
teen thousand dollais.
Mr. ROSCOE COJNIvLING. How much will
the expense be reduced if the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania be adopted, and only
half the number of copies of the Agricultural Re-
port for 1861 be ordered to be printed ?
