1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2781
and such was the strenuous argument of the Sen-
ator from liiinois, [Mr. Browning,] that we could
not do it. To avoid, these difficulties, to start, if
we could, free from objection and free from ob-
struction, the Senate amended it in this way, to
start in the Territory of Nebraska between those
two points, and that will leave either the Denver
route or the other to be selected.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it was unfortunate,
at least it may have been unfortunate, for the in-
terest of the road to oblige it to go up into Ne-
braska. If it was for the interest of the road, I
certainly should not object to it. I think it would
be better to leave the engineers entire freedom to
go on either of those routes they think best. I
have been up the Republican; I have been up the
Solomon; I have been up the Platte; and I would
not express an opinion here as to which I thought
was best. I do not know which is best. I think
we can run a road up either of them; but which
of these streams would be the best, I am notable
to say; and if a man who has been up them all,
encamped there, slept there, spent weeks there,
cannot tell which is the best stream for this road,
I do not think Congress ought to confine it to a
particular stream. Let the engineers have the
sweep of the whole of them. That, I think, would
be better for the road.
Mr. HARLAN. I should have no objection to
the proposition made by the Senator from Kansas
if one corporation were to build the road and the
branches, so that there would not be rival in-
terests; but as the bill now stands, should the
amendment adopted in Committee of the Whole
be concurred in in the Senate, as I look at it the
Kansas organization will still have an advantage
over any interests that are not yet organized, it
amounts to this: that we defer to the money in-
terests that may enter into competition with each
other for the construction of these roads. As it
seems to me, the Senate cannot plead ignorance of
the character of that country. The Government
has expended more than a million of dollars on
these surveys, and the publication of the facts of
the surveyors and of the engineers who have been
on all those various routes now amount to more
than twelve quarto volumes, amounting to a
library in themselves. I do not doubt that every
Senator is familiar with the documents they have
published themselves with the use of the money
of the Treasury; and if so, they must know as
much, and I doubt not more, of the topography
of the country than any of those moneyed men
can know at the present time.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow me,
notwithstanding we have expended a great deal
of money and have got twelve quarto volumes,
we never had an engineer there that could even
discover gold in that country. They never made
so minute an examination of those routes as to
find out whether there was any gold or not; and
we have had to leave it to private individuals.
Their examinations have not been of that char-
acter.
Mr. HARLAN. I was not aware before that
it was the province of an engineer to discover gold.
If we had sent out mineralogists and "geologists
and they had failed to discover the mineral de-
posits of the country, it might be mentioned as a
censure, but I supposed topographical engineers
had a different work to perform.
As this bill is now framed, any company or or-
ganization that can raise $200,000 may secure the
organization of this Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany; and in this way they may make this cen-
tral road a mere shadow and carry off the Kansas
branch to the south, so as to make it the main trunk,
even though it might be to the prejudice of the
interests of the public at large.
I might remark further, in addition to what I
have said, that nobody has ever doubted the prac-
ticability of the Platte route. That has been con-
ceded from the beginning, and all the surveys that
have been made up to tins time have been for the
purpose, if possible, of finding some other route
equally good; and I am willing to venture the pre-
diction tli at that route has not yet been found. The
Senators from Kansas themselves will not say
that the route up the river in their own State is
equally practicable with the Platte route, consid-
ered in an economical point of view. Every one
who has ever traveled the Platte route or has had
conversations with any candid traveler who has ;
traveled the route, knows there is no difficulty in
that route; that it is one of the most practicable
routes for a railroad in the world; and that fact
has never been called in question by anybody.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow me,
we have never said that the Platte route was not
feasible so far as soil was concerned; but there is
neither timber nor stone on the Platte route, and
there are both on the other torn. -
Mr. HARLAN. I think we have no official
evidence of that fact. I know there is a general
scarcity of timber after you leave a margin of
about one hundred miles or two hundred miles at
furthest west of the Missouri river; timber and
grass and everything of a vegetable character be-
comes scarce in consequence of the scarcity of
rains; but then there is timber and large bodies
of timber in the vicinity of the Platte river. The
Smoky Hills are covered with pine timber, and
all the little valleys leading into the Platte river are
filled with cedar; so that, practically, there will be
no difficulty on that head.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Iowa how far it is from the
Smoky Hill branch of the Kansas river to the
Platte?
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot give the Senator the
exact number of miles it may be from any given
point; but as you ascend the river, the timber
comes in quite close.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is two hundred
miles from the Smoky Hill fork of the Kansas
river to the Platte river.
Mr. HARLAN. That would depend on what
point of country the Senator would indicate by
Smoky Hill. The heavy body of timber to which
I allude is not that far, and there is no practical
scarcity of stone on any of those routes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the point of de-
parture will stand as fixed in committee by the
Senate, between the Republican and the Platte riv-
ers, on the one hundredth meridian, and in a single
word I will state my reason. If these roads are
ever to be built, they are to be built by having the
great railroad routes come to their aid—the great
route which from Chicago leads off to the West
and Southwest, and the one which leads off from
St. Louis; and this point is just about equally dis-
tant from the Mississippi river at St. Louis and
the Mississippi where the Chicago routes reach
the river.
Another thing, sir. In latitude north and south
we have about twenty degrees—from about the
twenty-ninth degree up to the forty-ninth—and
this point is just about midway north and south.
It is much further south than the center of popu-
lation, and it is but just that these northern routes
may reach nnd the southern routes may reach this
road, and have an equal advantage over it, and
not let mere local considerations control it. There-
fore, I say, it is much wiser that Congress should
fix the point of departure within certain limits than
to leave it to any engineers, becausc these engineers,
in a country which is notmountainous, will be con-
trolled by the interests of theiremployers. Every-
body knows that this side of the Rocky mountains,
when you start west of Missouri, you can lay a
road anywhere, and the engineers will decide to
lay it just where the interests of their employers
ask them to do it. I prefer that Congress should
fix the starting point, and I hope we shall concur
in the amendment made m committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say one word
in reference to the point made by the Senator from
New Hampshire. I am aware that in this amend-
ment he has fixed the starting point in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska; but that whole amendment has
been reserved for future action,and that portion of
it is as much subject to amendmentas the portion
I am now proposing to amend; and if the Senate
adopt this amendment, it will be a very easy mat-
ter to make the other section harmonious with it.
But suppose he retains the word " Nebraska'5 in
the amendment just as he has it. The Senator
will see by examining the Solomon Fork on the
one hundredth meiidian of west longitude, that
there is not a distance of over five or six miles
between the Solumon river and the line of Ne-
braska and Kansas. It is but a very short dis-
tance; in fact immediately west of that line the
Solomon river touches Nebraska Territory within
a distance of twenty or twenty-five miies. There-
fore, even if the amendment should stand after the
word ♦'Solomon1' instead of " Republican," re-
taining the word "Nehraska,"jt would only re-
quire them, if upon actiral survey it should be
ascertained it were best, to start immediately upon
the line between Kansas and Nebraska, and then
to strike the waters of the Solomon river, because
they would be immediately on those waters where
it could be done, and to pass immediately' from
that, if you please, to the waters of the Repub-
lican river again. There would be no objection at
all, and it would confine the commencement of the
road, provided an actual survey demonstrated the
fact that it was best to commence at that point,
only about five miles north of the Solomon river.
I think, therefore, there can be no such objection
as presented by the Senator fromNewHampshire.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am unwilling to
allow the statement made by the Senator from
Iowa, that the Platte route has any advantages
over either the Smoky Hill route, the Solomon
river route, or the Republican river route, to go
to the country without correction. The advant-
age those three roads have over the Platte route
is this: the country is about the same; but the
three roads in Kansas have timber and stone. The
Platte route has neithertimbernorstone. Nature
has made the four routes, with the difference I
have stated, very favorable for the construction of
a road.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say a word in an-
swer to the Senator from Missouri, and it is this:
when you quit the valley of the Solomon river,
you naturally go over to the valley of the other
river; so thatif the valley of the Solomon is some
miies from the line of Kansas, on the one hun-
dredth meridian, you would not go into Kansas
to go through the valley; but you would go on to
the valley of the Republican, and that leads di-
rectly on the route of Denver and is not too far
north to accommodate the country lying north of
Missouri. It is a little north of the direct line of
Missouri, but there is a large section of country
north of that which is to be accommodated; and
I think that line is more central than any other
likely to be adopted. I think we had better ad-
here to the amendment as proposed in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the word ''Republican," and
inserting the word "Solomon,"in the amendment
adopted as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to theamendment'was rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was in line two
of section eight, to strike out the words " the one
hundred and second," and to insert:
On the one hmidiedth meridian of longitude west fiom
Greenwich, between the south margin of the valley of the
Republican river and the north margin of the valley of the
Platte river, in the Ten itory of Nebraska.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the amendment
I asked to have reserved, because it is the same
as the first; and as that has been concurred in, I
withdraw the objection to this.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tlwyiext reserved amendment was in lines nine-
teen arid twenty of section five, to strike out the
words " finished and completed according to the
provisions of this tict," and to insert the words,
" together with the rolling stock, fixtures, and
property of every kind and description."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Chair will pardon me,
I should like to inquire, in reference to the last
vote, whether it was upon keeping the clause in
or striking it out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was upon
concurring in the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, whatever that was. The Chair
has not the bill before him, but understands it to
have been on striking out and inserting,and that
amendment is concuired in.
Mr. CLARK, It retains what the Senator
desires to have retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment reserved for a separate vote will be
read.
The Secretary read it, in line nineteen of section
nine, to strike out the words " Kansas City," and
to insert" the mouth of the Kansas river, as afore-
said."
The amendment was concurred in. x
The next reserved amendment was to insert at
the end of the bill as a new section:
Set. —. Jind be if further enacted. That the several rail-
