1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
evei being depteciated in value, that is to say, that incon-
vertible five pound notes would not exchange lor five sov-
ereign5?? I do not know, as compared with sovereigns;
that, I ihmkj is of no consequence in the wotld. We want
it for our internal commerce, and we want it to pay Gov-
ernment their taxes."
Here are two other questions and answers:
i( You have been a«;ked about the French assignats; is
not the diffeience between the currency which you recom-
mend and. the a.-signats just this, that the Government are
bound to take back what they issue ? Precisely; and tiiat
makes all the difference.
"And, with the Fiench assignats, they refused to take
back what tiicy had issued ? Yes; a corrupt Government
may commit such an excess as they did in France, where
the amount ot their assignats was, if I remember right, about
£300,000,000-sterling. They could notieceivetbem back;
they could not get their taxation, on accountof the revolu-
tion which was going on; theiefoie the assignats fell to
nothing."
Another witness was Mr. Edward Capps, who
described himself as having been engaged in the
surveying and building trade for thirty years, and
whose attention had been directed to the influence
of credit on the manner in which buildings are
erected in London. He, too, testified in favor of
inconvertible paper. Here are some of his an-
swers:
Would you recommend the issue of an inconvertible
paper cunency with a view of remedying the evils which
you describe? I was present and heaid the examination of
Mr. Tvvclls, and he was mentioning a project by which he
thought that, instead ot the £J4,0U0,01K) ofpapot winch the
bank issues upon securities, you might go to the extent of
£•20,000,000 of inconvertible paper. I think I undcistood
the proposition rightly as being to that effect. Though it is
not exactly the pioposition which ishould make, jot f can-
not see any obiocnon to that proposition myself.
"Do you believe that the paper which you rccommcnd
would be on the aveiage of the same value a? the piesent
bank note, which iseonveitible into gold ? J tlnnk that very
shortly it would be of ahighei value than our pie*entstand-
ard. If any pjrson had to he paid £10,000 fifteen years
hence, and had the option whether it should be paid m that
way or m the standaid of gold, i think he would exorcise a
wise discicuon m choosing the paper.
"You ate not m favor of what is called inconvertible
paper, in the sense of woithless papei, an* you ? Not at all.
" Ilovv do youdistinguudi between youi papci and the lags
which have in other cases been issued? Unless I know
the principle, I cannot say.
" Takf- the French assignats. The French a^sigtiah, were
issued upon no principle at all, because no pioviaion was
made foi their ledemption.
But against these witnesses we have the testi-
mony of a person who is perhaps the highest liv-
ing authority on this question. I refer to Lord
Overstone, known before his elevation to the peer-
age as Mr. Jones Lloyd, the eminent banker,
whose life had made him practically acquainted
with this subject; while his liberal studies and
various experience have added to the solidity of
hisjudgment. Histestimonyon this occasion,ex-
tending over three different days, occupies nearly
one hundred folio pages of the'report. It has been
quoted ever since by writers on finance, and has
been referred to by practical men as a guide. In
reply to questions pioposed by the committee, he
declared himself strongly opposed to the issue of
Government notes not payable in specie on de-
mand. In his opinion tliey would "generate a
state of utter confusion which could not be toler-
ated for three months." Here are other words of
his:
"It is quite clear that there would be a discount upon
these notes in the lirst place ; they would not an^wet th-j
pnpose of a ciiculutmg medium; it would thiow cverv-
thmg into confusion at the very first stage of the process;
that would be the first difficulty.5'—Report, see. 3621.
Here is his answer to another question:
"'Your lordship was asked on the hut day, whether it
would not be po^ible, m a great dcgiec, to mitigate such
difficulties as I have endeavored to pomay, by havms two
sorts of notes, one of them payable m bullion, but the other,
if I may use the expression, a sou of 1 O U note between
the Government and the public; whethoi,inasmuch a-  the
Go\ eminent ows £6.00J,000 or £7,000.000 ovciy qu.it tei,
in the shape of dividends or expenses, and the countiv
owes £6,000,000 or £7,OOO.OJO of taxe^, it would not be
possible to atiangii thai thei'c >hou!d be two poits of cut-
lency afloat—one the common banking note, payable in
bullion, and applicable for ail geneial puiposos, and the |
other a note applicable in the more limited sense? Our (
affairs would then go on very much in the wa> that a man j
would walk with one of his leg* six inches shelter than the
other. One set of notes would cnculate at a depreciation
compared with the other set of uotc^; hence gioat incon-
venience and contusion would ari<=e."
**********
" Do you believe that if any peison had notes which in-
sured to hun the payment of all the Government demands
upon himvlf,though ho had no demand- upon hun dnectly,
he would not find numbers of person? who would exchange
these notes tor hun at a premium or a discount? Then you
would have a certain propoition of the monetary sy?tem of
the country cneuJating at a discount. I cannot conceive a
greater state of monetary disorganization than that."
But the testimony of Lord Overstone, strong as
it was, against an inconvertible currency, still
admitted a possible occasion for a departure from
it; and here his testimony bears directly on the
pending proposition. Alluding to the well-known
suspension of specie payments by the Bank of
England in 1797, he says:
" The pressure in 1797 was undoubtedly, to a considera-
ble extent, connected* with political alarm, with the fear of
foreign invasion, causing an internal demand for the ex-
change of notes into coin ; under such circumstances, there
is no measure founded iipon principle which can pretend to
afford an adequate protection. If, for instance, at this mo-
ment this country were suddenly exposed to the calamity of a
very large foreign force occupying its soil, or if it icere ex-
posed to the calamity of a very formidable and so ious civil
insurrection, no doubt a state of panic alarm, with rogaid
to the paper money, might arise against which no provis-
ions of the act of 1844, nor any provisions founded upon
principle, could possibly affoidan adequate piotection. But
from that view of the subject, again, there is an inference
to bediawn of a veiy instructive and warning character,
namely, to make this committee very cautious how they ex-
tend the issues upon securities. The only protection against
such contingencies is the existence of alaige amount of
com or of bullion in the countty; and therefore, when we
are looking to contingencies ot that nature, we may veiy
properly pause at the questionable recommendation incj eas-
ing our issues upon securities, which is, in othei words,
diminishing out issues upon bullion."
If this authoritative testimony be accepted in
favor of a constant specie currency, it is unques-
tionably importantasrecognizingcertain grounds
of exception; as, according to the language of the
witness, if the country were suddenly exposed to
the calamity of a very large foreign force occupy-
ing its soil, or if it were exposed to the calamity
of a very formidable and serious civil insurrec-
tion. In this exception there is unquestionably
matter for much reflection. Strong as we may be
against any questionable currency, we must not
be insensible Jo a possible limitation, even of
this just principle. In short, wc must be content
with the best we can command. And here history
affords valuable illustrations in conformity with
this testimony.
In 1745, the alarm occasioned by the advance of
the Highlanders, under the Pretender, as far as
Detby, led to a run upon the Bank of England;
and in order to gain time, the directors, while con-
tinuing to pay in specie, adopted the device of pay-
ing in shillings and sixpences. But next to the
retreat of the enemy their best relief was found
in a resolution by the merchants and traders of
thecity,declaring their willingness to receive bank
notes in payment of any &um that might be due
to them, and pledging their utmost endeavors to
make all their payments in these bank notes.
This proceeding, it will be perceived, came from
the pressure of civil disturbance. But the most
authentic case is that of 1797, when the bank,
under the pressure of political events, was pro-
hibited, by an order in council, issued on Sunday,
the 2Gth February, from paying their notes m cash
until the sense of Parliament should be taken on
the subject. At the meeting of Pailiament,after
much discussion, it was agreed to continue the
suspension till six monthsafter the signature of a
definitive treaty of peace, thus positively recogniz-
ing the existence of war at (treason for this departure
from principle. A recent English writer vindicates
tins act as follows:
" Much difference of opinion has existed with respect to
the policy of the lCstrictioniti 1797; hut considering the pe-
culiai eiicuiirjtanccs under winch it took plaoc, its ovpe-
diency seems abundantly obvious. The i uu did not origin-
ate m any over-issue of bank paper, but grew entirely out of
political causes. So Ion# us the alarms of invasion continued,
it wai dear that no bank paper immediately convPihblc into
gold would remain in circulation. And as the bank, though
pc-se^ed of ample funds, was without the means ot in-
stantly i erimig her uou^.>he might, but foi the inter!cronce
of Government, have been obhscd to stop payments—an
event winch, had it occuncd, might have produced conse-
quence.-. fatal to the public inteu'sts. The error of the Gov
emment did not con-i-t in comirm to the assistance of the
hank, but in continuing the restriction after the alarm of in-
vasion had ceased and there was nothing to hinder the bank
from sdfely reverting to specic payments."—Encyclopedia ,
Britannica, article <4 Money/' p. 150. |
Unhappily the definitive treaty of peace, on |
which the restoration of specie payments was de-
clared to depend, was not consummated till 1815, !
so that throughout this lone period there was an ;
inconvertible currency under the sanction of Par- -|
liament, which in 1814 was at a discount of twenty- j|
four per cent. But peace did not bring specie jj
at once. The routine of paper had become too ||
strongly fixed, and it was only through the re- jj
markable efforts of Sir Robert Peel, in 1819, that jj
an act of Parliament was passed requiring the pay- i!
ment of specie at the bank in 1823. Such is the
practical testimony of British experience.
But the experience of Prance is similar. I do
not now refer to the old assignats; but to a mod-
ern instance. Beyond question, the Bairkof France
has been conducted with caution and skill; but no
caution and skill are adequate to counteract the in-
fluence of a sudden revolution, especially like that
of 1848, when the republic was declared. The
bank was obliged to make large advances to the
provisional Government. This obligation, com-
bined with the distrust universally prevalent, oc-
casioned so severe a drain for gold, that, to pre-
vent the total exhaustion of its vaults, the bank
was authorized, by governmental decree of 16th
March, 1848—a little more than a fortnight sub-
sequent to the revolution—to suspend specie pay-
ment, while its notes were at the same time made
a legal tender. But to prevent the abuse possible
in such a condition of things, a maximum of issues
was fixed at three hundred and fifty million francs.
Such precautions were, of course, proper; but the
fact of the authorized suspension remains as an
example of history. The prompt return to the
true system js not without encouragement.
If these instances are entitled to consideration,
they seem to show that, according to the experi-
ence of other countries, Government may at times
be compelled to relax the rigor of its requirements
with regard to convertible paper. But they do not,
of course, fix the limitations to the exercise of
this extraordinary discretion. That the discre-
tion exists is important in the present debate.
It is a discretion kindred to that under which ^
the habeas corpus has been suspended, so that citi-
zens have been arrested without the forms of law,
kindred to thatunder which an extensive territory
has been declared to be in a condition of insurrec-
tion,«o that all business with its inhabitants is
suspended; kindred to that which unquestionably
exists, to obtain soldiers, if necessary, by draft or
conscription instead of the free offering of volun-
teers; kindred to that under which private prop-
erty may be taken for public uses; and kindred,
also, to that undoubted discretion which sanctions
the completcst exercise of the transcendent right
of self-defense.
But, while recognizing the existence of the dis-
cretion, in the last resort, undei the law of neces-
sity, the question still remains tf this necessity
now exists. And now, as I close, 1 shall not cease
to be frank. Is it necessary to incur all the un-
questionable evils of inconvertible paper, forced
into circulation by act of Congress—to suffer the
stain upon our national faith—to bear the stigma
of a seeming repudiation—to lose for the present
that credit which in itself is a treasury—and to
teach debtors everywhere that contracts may be
varied at the will of the stronger? Surely there
is much in these inquiries which may make us
pause. If our country were poor or feeble, with-
out population and without resources; if it were
already drained by a long war; if the enemy had
succeeded in depriving us of the means of liveli-
hood, then we should not even pause. But our
country is rich and powerful, with a numerous
population, busy, honest, and determined, and
with unparalleled resources of ail kinds, agricul-
tural, mineral, industrial, and commercial; it is yet
undrained by the war in which wc are engaged;
nor has the enemy succeeded in depriving us of
any of the means of livelihood. It is hard—very
hard—to think that such a country, so powerful,
so rich, and so beloved, should be compelled to
adopt a policy of even questionable propriety.
If I mention these things—if I make these in-
quiries—it is because of the unfeigned solicitude
which i feel with regard to this measure, and not
with the view of arguing against the exercise of
a constitutional power when m the opinion of the
Government in which I place trust the necessity
for its exercise has arrived. Surely we must all
be against paper money—we must all insist upon
maintaining the integrity of the Government—and
we must all set our faces against any proposition
like the present, except as a temporary expedient,
rendered imperative by the exigency of the hour.
If I vote for thus proposition itwill be only because
1 am unwilling to refuse to the Government, espe-
cially charged with this responsibility, that confi-
dence which is hardly less important to the public
interests than the money itself. Others may doubt
if the exigency is sufficiently imperative; but the
Secretary of the-Treasury, whose duty it is to
