1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Losses by the EebeUion—Mr. Webster,
Ho. of Reps.
slave Suites. I object to it for the further reason
^,wan^° see at least one bill pass this House
that shall not have this question of slavery mixed
up with it. My objection to tfcis section of the
bill springs not only from the fact that I think it
discriminates unjustly against loyal slaveholders,
but also from a general principle which has guided
my action not only in this Congress and the pre-
ceding one, but which has also governed my en-
tire political life, and that is, that all agitation or
legislation by Congress on the subject of slavery,
either for or against the interests of that institu-
tion, should be discountenanced by every lover of
his country, as leading to sectional excitements,
animosities and strife, and that as it was the right
of the people of each State to determine for them-
selves the question of slavery within their own
limits, so it was the wisest and Safest policy to
leave to them all discussion and agitation in ref-
erence to it, eitheras to its benefits or its evils, its
perpetuation or abolishment. And I desire now
to see this House progress with that legislation
which I regard proper and necessary for the in-
terests of the country, and not fritter away its
time upon questions which are uncalled for and
unnecessary, always irritating and frequently
mischievous.
Why, sir, as far as this bill itself is concerned,
I think it very doubtful whether, under the pro-
visions of the third scction—which determines the
classes of claims to be considered by the commis-
sioners—if the tenth section should be striken out,
any claim could be made for compensation for the
loss or service of a slave; and while I am not will-
ing to ascribe unworthy motives to my colleagues
on the committee, and say that they introduced
this subject into the bill for the purpose of keep-
ing up agitation, yet I will say that its chief effect
will be to produceexcitementand irritation, with-
out the possibility of any good resulting from it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will my friend from Mary-
land permit me to ask what the meaning of this
section is ? Is it the intention to provide that no
slave or free person of color shall be employed by
the Government. The language is, " no claim for
any slave or person of color." Now, I happen to
know, as a matter of fact, that there are many free
negroes employed by the Government. If they
have any property they are liable to lose it, and
if they have rendered services to the Government,
certainly they ought not to be excluded from com-
pensation.
I will also say that we have in the military ser-
vice of the United States, slaves,.quite a numbpr
of them, with theconsentand approbation of their
loyal owners, many of whom are serving with
them. Now, I ask if it is treating them justly to
take them from the service and" support of the
wives and families of these loyal men, and yet by
our legislation deprive them of all compensation ?
Mr. WEBSTER. I would be very glad to hear
my friend, but as I have not much lime left, J
must interrupt him and proceed with what I have
to say.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desired to know the
meaning of this clause of the bill. My friend,
who is a member of the committee, 1 presume can
explain it. I cannot understand it.
Mr. WEBSTER. My construction of this
clause of the tenth section agrees with that of the
gentleman from Tennessee. I believe that under
this portion of the section which I am seeking to
strike out, that no person of color, whether slave
orfree,can bringany claim before this commission
for losses or services. The language of the section
is plain and transparent. The section says that
" the said commissioners shall not take cogniz-
ance of any claim against the United States for the
loss, value, or services of any slave or person of
color," of any negro, bond or free. I know this
will appeal to the sympathy of some gentlemen on
the other side of the House. 1 know they will be
disposed to strike out, at least, the words " or per-
son of color," so that the free negro or " person of
color," may have no injustice dune him. In my
judgment, however, the best way is to get rid of
the whole subject; to strike out the whole clause,
so that injustice may be done to no man, whether
he be the highest or the lowest in the land.
But, sir, to return to the subject I was discus-
sing when interrupted by my friend fiomTennes-
see, I have been always and am especially now,
against all discussion and agitation by Congress,
on the subject of slavery; and I did hope that
when Congress assembledatthe presentsession, it
would, eschewing allsubjects of irritation among
the friends of the Union, devote itself to that le-
gislation which was most conducivc to the sup-
pression of rebellion; to the crushing out of trea-
son most foul and disgraceful; to the protection of
Union men in each and every State; to the resto-
ration of the Union, with the rights of States un-
impaired ; to the vindication of the Constitution as
the supreme law of the land; and to the reestab-
lishment of the Republic, in the midst of the na-
tions and against the hopes and machinations of
nobles and kings, upon its ancient foundations,
never more to be assailed by traitors at home, ever
more to be feared by enemies abroad. It was in
this spirit, I feel convinced, we met in the extra
session in July last. The President had declared
this to be his purpose in calling out the military
forces of thjj country. His Secretary of State, by
his authority, had instructed our ministers so to
declare to all the Governments to which they were
accredited, and we ourselves, shortly after we met
together, in the following resolution offered by my
friend, the venerable statesman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] and adopted with an almost
unanimous vote, solemnly enunciated the princi-
ples which would control our action and the pur-
poses we sought to accomplish:
" Resolved by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That the present deplorable eivjl war
has been forced upon the country bv the disunionistijof the
southern State?, now in arms against the constitutional
Government, and in arms around the capital; that in this
national emergency, Congress, banishing all feelings oi'mere
passion or resentment, will recollect only its duty to the
whole country; that this war is not waged on their part
in any spirit of oppression, or for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or interfering
with the rights or established institutions of those States,
but to defend and maintain the siqiremacy of the Con&titu-
tion,and to preserve the Union wit hall the dignity, oquniuy,
and rights of the several State* unimpaired ; and that aa
boon as these objects are accomplished the war ought to
cease."
Armed, sir, with Ml these facts—and more ef-
fective arms could not have been furnished to the
loyal men of the border States for their fierce con-
test with disunion—I wont home to my people,
after the adjournment of the extra session, and in
public meetings everywhere proclaimed to them
that this Congress was imbued with a patriotic
and catholic spirit, that no inclination existed to
interfere with any of their rights, but that the one,
all-absorbing, all-controlling purpose was the res-
toration of the Union and the preservation of the
Constitution. And when we returned to our places
in this Hall in December last, I expected and be-
lieved that Congress would ardently and uninter-
ruptedly devote itself to this, and to no other work.
But I must confess I have been disappointed.
Day after day, week after week, and month after
month, has this pernicious question of slavery
been dragged into our deliberations, to irritate and
divide the honest friends of the Union. 1 make
this confession with great reluctance and with
great regret. I speak not as a party man, nor in
the interest of any party. Sir, the Union men of
my State have cast to the winds all old party feel-
ings. The bonds which formerly bound them to
party organizations have been snapped asunder
like the green withes upon the limbs of the sleep-
ing Samson. Two parties only are found there
now—the friends of the Union and the enemies
of the Union; the men who stand for the protec-
tion of the Government, for the upholding of its
flag, and for the enforcement of its laws, and the
men who desire to see those laws set at defiance,
that flag trampled in the dust, and that Govern-
ment broken in pieces. I repeat, sir, these are the
only parties in rny State to-day, as they are the
only paiiies in the other border States.
Why, sir, look utthe delegation from my State
on this floor, and see how old party lines have
ceased to exist. At the last presidential election
my friend who sits in fiont of mo [Mr. Crisfield]
voted for Breckinridge. My colleagues, the one
who sits immediately in front of me [Mr. Cal-
vert] and the onu who sits behind me, [Mr.
Leahy,] and myself, voted for Beil. My other
colleagues [Mr. Thomas and Mr. MayJ voted for
Douglas. Thepeopleof theState, when they came
to send a delegation to Congress, selected men fiorn
all the old parties, and sent them here to deliberate
and determine, not for party, but for that which
is higher and holier than party, their country.
Neither were we sent here as sectional men to
labor and appeal only for the good of our own
section, and our peculiar institutions. Sir, as you
are aware, Maryland is a slaveholding State; but
our people did not elect us to perpetuate slavery,
as, I doubt not, your constituents did not elect
you to destroy it. We were elected to labor and
legislate for the good of the entire country, and
to-day, if the Union men of Maryland believed
that the institution of slavery stood between them
and their country's good, between them and the
preservation of the Union, without any inter-
meddling on your part, or the part of others, they
would lay their own hands upon it and destroy it.
They are willing to make any and all sacrifices
that could be demanded of a patriotic people for
so holy an object.
But, sir, my people in their heart of hearts be-
lieve, as I believe, that this constant agitation of
the question of slavery, this almost uninterrupted
discussion of emancipation and abolition, is not
at all conducive to the putting down of the rebel-
lion and the preservation of the Union. They
believe that so far from being beneficial to the
cause of the Union, it is, at this particular junc-
ture of our affairs, positively mischievous and de-
structive.
What good has been done to the country by all
this agitation? Has it strengthened the bonds be-
tween men of the several sections of the Union?
Has it united more closely the loyal men of the
free States and the slave States? Has it added to
our forces in the field ? Has it weakened or de-
stroyed the forces of our enemy? lias it, in fine,
aided your soldiers in achieving success for their
country, and honor for themselves? No,sir, no;
it has done none of this. The victories which have
crowned the armies of the Republic, presaging, as
they do, the final triumph of the Government, have
been won not by your legislation, but in spite of
it, by the courage of your brave soldiers, and the
skill and gallantry of their officers.
Now, let us look at some of these acts of legis-
lation with which we have been keeping up this
agitation during the presentsession, and see what
necessity there was for them. You saw fit to adopt
a new regulation for the United States Army, that
no officer should use the force under his command
to return runaway slaves to their masters. That
was entirely unnecessary. There was no officer
in the United States Army who was using the force
under him for any such purpose. There was no
man in any of the slave States who desired that
any officer should do it. Certainly, no loyal man
of the slave States desired that any portion of the
Army should be taken from its legitimate duties
for the purpose of hunting up fugitive slaves.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman from
Maryland will let me interrupt him just at that
point.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman from Ohio
must excuse me, as I have only ten minutes of
my hour left.
1 repeat, there was no publicnccessity forsuch an
Army regulation. Its only effect was to produce
some little excitemcnt here, and some little irrita-
tion in certain portions of the country at the time of
its passage. I care nothingaboutU; my peoplecare
nothing ahout it. It was a matter of no import-
ance. Afterwards a bill was intioduced into this
House and passed, and I believe is now a law,
prohibiting slavery in all the Territories of the
United States. Ry that law you only reenact tho
decree of the Almighty. You do no practical
good, either to the white man oi the negro, to the
freeman or the slave. No sensible slaveholder
ever would have taken his slaves to any of our
Territories. It is true, the prohibition in this bill
is made to apply to territory hereafter acquired.
But everybody knows that the tcims upon which
territory may hereafter be acquired will be determ-
ined at the time of its acquisition, and that the at-
tempt on our part to fix conditions now is sim-
ply ridiculous. As fai as I am concerned, I care
not what conditions you fix to future acquisitions
of territory, for I am againstall such acquisitions.
I hope the boundaries of the Republic never will
be further extended, either in the interest of sla-
very or freedom. The gentleman who introduced
this bill [Mr. Lqyejoy] knew such legislation was
