2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
road companies herein named are authorized to enter into
an arrangement with the Pacific Teiegrapli Company, the
Overland Telegraph Company, and the California State
Telegraph Company, so that the present line of telegraph
between the Missouri river and San Francisco may be
moved upon or along the line of said railroad and branches
as fast as said roads and branches are built; and if said ar-
rangement be entered into, and the transfer of said tele-
graph line be made In accordance therewith to the line of
said railroad and branches, such transfer shall, for all pur-
poses of this act, be held and considered a fulfillment on
the part of said railroad companies of the provisions of this
act-in regard to the construction of said line of telegraph.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend that
amendment by inserting what was stricken out in
committee, and I desire to say a word in relation
$o it. I deem it of a good deal of importance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment will first be read from the
Secretary's desk.
The Secretary read theamendment to the amend-
ment, to add to it the following:
And, in case of disagreement, said telegraph companies
are authorized to remove their line of telegraph along and
upon the line of railroad herein contemplated without pre-
judice to the rights of said railroad companies named herein.
And the railroad companies5 telegraph shall be confined to
the business of the railroad companies, and the transmission
of messages for the Government of the United States, and
shall not enter into competition for commercial business:
Pi ovided, Said telegraph companies shall furnish proper and
sufficient facilities for the transaction of their propci busi-
ness.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senate to restore
what was stricken out yesterday, that the whole
amendment as reported from the select committee
may be adopted together. This telegraph com-
pany has expended almost half a million dollars
in constructing this road across the continent. As
yet they have hardly received any returns. The
thing is all an experiment. It goes through a
country for hundreds of miles where the Indians
may break it up in an hour. Itgoes through the
Utah country, where we have had difficulties with
the people who inhabit the Territory, and where
any hostilities might break it up entirely and ut-
terly ruin and destroy the business. It is an ex-
periment. They entered upon it on the faith of
the Government, that they should have this busi-
ness to do if they completed the work upon cer-
tain conditions. It will be remembered by the
Senate that when the bill incorporating this com-
pany was before the Senate, I struggled to put
conditions on it as a monopoly, to prevent them
from oppressing the commercial community by
restricting the amount which they should charge
for theirdispatches to not over three dollars. Now,
as they have embarked in the enterprise and put
their money in it and built the telegraph across
the continent, it seems to me manifestly unjust
for us now to create a mammoth corporation and
arm them with the power of erecting a telegraph
line right upon their line of railroad to do com-
mercial business.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like.to ask the Sen-
ator how soon he supposes this company will be
able to compete with the other.
Mr. DOOiJTTLE. It implies that they will
build it some time or other, and I insist that the
amendment I propose is a fair and just one. It
provides that if the telegraph company will not
move its line on to the line of this road, and do
business for the road upon proper and just terms,
the road is to erect a telegraph of its own, to doits
own business; but it provides that the telegraph
which may be established by the railroad com-
pany shall be confined to the business of the rail-
road and of the Government, and shall not enter
into competition with this telegraph company for
the transaction of commercial business. It is but
just that this amendment should be adopted, as
reported by the committee, entirely. I hope my
friend from California [Mr. Latham] will not
make a struggle about it, and destroy this com-
pany.
Mr. LATHAM. I will never consent to it while
I have the honor to hold a seat on this floor; and
if the Senate should incorporate any such provis-
ion, I do not know but it would almost tempt me,
if anything could, to vote against the bill itself.
The Senator^now wants to do exactly what Con-
gress, in express terms, denied to this company
when it was organized. He wants to make a cor-
poration with a monopoly of all the commercial
telegraphic communication across the continent.
He wants to give the telegraph company the power
to say to the railroad company, " you must give
us exactly our terms, or you will be put to the ex-
pense of building atelegraph,and then be confined
to the transmission of your own business and the
Government dispatches, while we shall have the
exclusive right to all the commercial transactions
of this country, and I hope of the world, if we have
the telegraph to the Amoor river." If any Sen-
ator will turn to the grant made by Congress to
the present teleg^pii company, he will find that
we put an express limitation upon their grant. I
will read the proviso to the first section, which
gives them the $400,000.
" J3nd provided also, That such charges shall not exceed
thiee dollars for a single di&patch of ten woids, with the
usual proportionate deduction upon dispatches of greater
length: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall con-
fer upon the said paities any exclusive right to construct a
telegraph to the Pacific, or debar the Government of the
United States from granting from time to tune similar
fianclnses and privileges to other parties."
The great if not the only inducement they had
to build the line, was to get the $400,000 and the
§60,000 the State of California gave them—not
that they should have the exclusive privilege, be-
cause Congress said they should not have it. I
contend that when Congress adopts the amend-
ment of the committee down to the thirteenth
line, they have given a great benefit to this tele-
graph company. They have made it the inter-
est of the railroad company to buy the present
telegraph, and obviate the necessity of the road's
building one. They will then have every ad-
vantage they ought to expect. The railroad com-
pany saves expenses, and it is to its interest to
buy up this telegraph; but, mark you, not satis-
fied with this, the present telegraph company
wants to have the power to say to the lailroad
company, " buy us up on our terms, or we have
the exclusive right to transmit all intelligence ex-
cept what relates to your business and the Gov-
ernment dispatches." Tf yon give them this
power you will make it one of the most odious
monopolies that has ever been created by Con-
gress, or, I will venture to say, any other legisla-
tive body. I oppose earnestly this amendment,
for the good of the public alone, and for no other
reason. I appreciate the greatness of .their en-
teiprise, and will favor them as far as 1 can con-
sistent with my sense of public duty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If we were granting to a
corporation the privilege of building the railroad
and telegraph with their own money, I should not
have a word to say; but the Government of the
United States steps in with its own money and
its own lands, and puts in all that is going into it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You will find that what
goes into this road is what we put in as the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and very little else
will go into the road, as my fiiend will find, on
practical experience. I understand these railroad
men too well. It is not from public considerations
they act; it is for the money that they go info this
operation. If we do not put in all, we shall put
in at least three fourths of all thatgoes to build this
road. Shall we employ our money to build a rail-
road and a telegraph right beside one which hasjust
expended this amount of money in erecting it, and
destroy it; because no telegraph company can
maintain a line across this continent when a rail-
road company that has a track can put telegraph
poles on the line of its track ? It is a matter of
justice. A sense of justice will appeal to any sub-
sequent Congress, if anybody should propose to
repeal this railroad charter; and it is to that sense
of justice I appeal now, that we shall not, with our
own money, destroy this company which has just
got into existence, just made the experiment of
crossing the continent with the telegraph; an en-
terprising company which is aiming, as I am in-
formed, not only to run from San Francisco to
Oregon, but to the Russian possessions, and to
meet, at Behring's Straits, the telegraph wires
which are to encircle the world. Now, sir, I have
no idea of destroying this company by our own
act and with our own money. I do not think it
is right.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me that the bare
statement of this proposition, in its full extent,
will deter the Senate making the amendment to
the amendment which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin now proposes We have aided to establish
a telegraph line to the Pacific; we have aided by
giving it $400,000; and it is established and car-
rying on business now. We now piopose to build
a railroad across the continent. We propose to
aid the companies who build it for the very pur-
pose of aiding the business of the country; for car-
rying the munitions of war, and for conveying in-
formation; and you require that company to build
a telegraph along with its road, and to do ourbusi-
Mr. COLLAMER. They would do it any how
if we did not require them.
Mr. CLARK. It is said by the Senator from
Vermont that they would do it if we did not re-
quire them. Very likely they might; but we re-
quire it to be done; we require that there shall be
a telegraph line on this railroad. What does this
telegraph line already built ask ? They ask in the
first place to go on the line of the road. They say,
" we are in an Indian country; a wilderness where
it is not convenient for business; the line may be
destroyed and we wish to go on the line of your
road." We say, " very well; you may go to the
line of the road if you can agree with the lailroad
company about it." What furtherdo they want?
When they get on to the line of the road, then
they want to do the business. If they cannot agree
about it, the telegraph company wants to say to
the railroad company, " we shall have the business
and you shall not; we will do it and you shall be
confined to Government business and road busi-
ness exclusively, and shall not interfere with our
commercial business after we have moved on to
your road." That is the broad statement of it.
I would say to this telegraph company, " if you
cannot go on the road by an agreement with the
road keep in the wilderness and run your iine
through the Indian country; if you cannot go on
and compete with the road fairly and do this busi-
ness, let the road do its business and you may
do your business," as I would say to an indi-
vidual. Wc give them every oppoitunity a rea-
sonable person can desire to go on the line of the
road, and if they do the business reasonably that
the railroad company need not build another line,
and they may do it; but if they will not do it rea-
sonably, we do not piopose to put this road in
the power of this line. I said to the agent of the
telegraph line when he came to me about it that
I would not agree to any such proposition. It
was manifestly harsh on the face of it. I would
not put this line on the railroad in the power of
any other telegraph line.
1 have nothing to say about the pointalluded to
by the Senator from California in regard to their
exorbitant rates for doing business. That is a
matter between him and the company, and be-
tween the company and the country, so far as he
makes his statement in regard to it. But aside en-
tirely from that, I would, keep this road entirely
distinct in the operations of the road and the tele-
graph line, and if the other company would not
make a contract with them on fair terms, or if
they could not agree, I would let the two lines go
on and compete.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend from
New Hampshire, I think—indeed I know—does
not look upon this as I do.
Mr. CLARK. That is very clear.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is very certain. He
does not wish to put this railroad company into
the power of the telegraph company. Mr. Presi-
dent, when you look at the thing it is perfectly
preposterous that a telegraph company, lunning
its line through a wilderness country, among In-
dians and Mormons, for hundreds of miles, could
have in its power a railroad company whick is
running its trains and which has no difficulty
whatever in watching its line, taking care of its
line easily three or four times a day. The truth
is, that the telegraph company, standing by itself,
is completely in the power of a railroad company,
unless this Government chooses to step in between
them. Every railroad company thatis doingany
business has a telegraph line of its own, and it
needs a telegraph line to be in constant operation
for itself to do its own business, and they do not
do much of any commercial business with the line
which they keep for themselves. Itis true that on
the same poles that run along on a railroad line,
there will not only be a wire which does business
for the railroad company,but a wire which is op-
erated by these telegraph men to do the commer-
cial business of the country, and having no con-
nection with the railroad telegraph. That is the
practical experience, I believe, of the railroads
and telegraphs of the country.
Now, all 1 ask is that this telegraph company
