1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
37th Cong....2d Sess.
The Confiscation Bill—Mr. Hoivard.
Senate.
at our hands, that I shall feel it my dutv to vote
for it.
Mr. Speaker, than king my friend from Vermont
for his courtesy in giving me a portion of his time,
I yield him the floor.
THE CONFISCATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. HOWARD,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the Senate, June 24, 18G2.
The Senate, as in Committee ofthe Whole, having under
consideration the bill (H. R. No. 471) to confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels for the payment of the expenses ofthe present
rebellion and foi other purposes, the question being on the
amendment of Mr. Clauk to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause and insert as a substitute Senate bill No. 310—
Mr. HOWARD said:
Mr. President: Tho immediate question be
fore the Senate is whether the bill reported to this
body by a solect committee, on the 14th of May
last, entitled "An act (S. No. 310) to suppress
insurrection and to punish treason and rebellion,
and for other purposes," shall be substituted for
the bill from life House of Representatives which
was called up the other day, entitled 44 An act to
confiscate the property of rebels for the payment
of the expenses of the present rebellion, and for
other purposes." On the 27th of May the House
ofRepresentatives with unusual unanimity passed
the bill, the title of which I have last read. It is a
bill for which I should be glad to vote. Holding
it to be entirely constitutional and valid in its pro-
visions, and eminently necessary for putting down
and subduing the rebellion, it seems to me that
that of all other bills which have been presented
to the Senate is deserving of its consideration and
of its approval. That bill purports upon its face
to be a war measure. It declares in its first sec-
tion "that all the estate, property, money, stocks,
credits, and effects,"of six several classes of per-
sons, which are afterwards enumerated, " shall be
declared lawful subjects of seizure and prize and
capture wherever found;" and for this purpose,
and of course no other purpose, namely, " for the
indemnity of the United States against the ex-
penses of suppressing the present rebellion."
It is unnecessary to speak particularly of the
several classes of persons whose property is thus
struck at by the bill. It is sufficient to say that
those classes constitute the ringleaders in the pres-
ent rebellion; persons who are high in authority
in the rebel government, and who undoubtedly
have been the principal promoters and abetters of
the present civil war. It makes, in short, proper
and reasonable discriminations between the ring-
leaders of the rebellion and the mass of their fol-
lowers; a discrimination which, in my judgment,
we are bound to make upon every principle of
justice, of good morals, and good sense. In short,
it embodies in itself all the essentials of the bill
whjjgh was heretofore reported to the Senate by
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
and as to which I had occasion heretofore to make
some observations.
The question now before^ie Senate arises upon
the motion of the chairman of the select committee,
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,]
and is, whether the bill reported by the select com-
mittee of which he was chairman shall be substi-
tuted for the bill which has just received the sanc-
tion of the House of Representatives, or not. I
am earnestly in favor of the passage of the bill
from the House, and I am earnestly opposed to
the passage of the bill reported by the select com-
mittee. When I say " earnestly," I do not intend
that it shall be understood that this earnestness
arises from any personal feeling towards that com-
mittee, or any of its members, or any of their
opinions; but I use the term earnest, because my
convictions are earnest that the leading provisions
ofthe bill offered as a substitute are in themselves
unwarranted by the Constitution of the United
States. And it is upon this view that I now pro-
pose to say a word to the Senate. 1 hold the bill
of the select committee in all its main provisions
relating to the seizure, capture, and condemnation
of rebel property, to be totally without support
from the Constitution, and in open violation of
some of the most important and most precious
provisions of that sacred instrument.
What, sir, is this bill? What are tho main feat-
ures of it? In its first section it simply mitigates
and reduces the penalty imposed by existing stat-
utes upon the crime of treason, from death by the
halter to mere fine and imprisonment. In order
that it may be well understood, 1 will trouble the
Senate by reading portions of it. The first sec-
tion provides—
That every person who shall hereafter commit the crime
of treason against the United States, and shall be adjudged
guilty thereof, shall suffer death, and all his slaves, if any,
shall be declared and made free; or he shall be imprisoned
forJnot less than live yrats and lined not less than $10,000,
and all his slaves, if any, shall be declared and m.ide free ;
sai l fine shall be levied and collected on any or all of the
propei tv, leal .mjl personal, excluding slaves, of which the
said person so convicted was the owner at the tune of com-
muting the said crime, any sale or conveyance to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
I object preliminarily to the passage of this bill
because it mitigates and reduces the penalty of
treason. At this moment, when treason is rife
and flagrant in this country; at a time when, of
all others, a severe penalty ought to be inflicted
upon it; when our very liberties are at stake, and
when the genius of free government is at a deadly
grapple with her most deadly foe, I cannot per-
ceive the propriety of mitigating the punishment
of treason against the United States. For seventy-
two years past the penalty of death for treason
has existed upon our statute-books, and I am not
aware that any memorial or petition has been pre-
sented to either branch of Congress from any por-
tion of the people of the United States, asking for
the mitigation of this penalty. Even that class of
our fellow-citizens who have been most loud and
earnest in their demand for the mitigation of what
is called the death penalty for homicide or other
crimes, have entirely omitted to memorialize Con-
gress upon the subject of the penalty of treason.
They seem to have acquiesced in the penalty
affixed to this high crime by our fathers. They
seem to have thought that if theie be any crime
known to the calendar which is deserving of death
it is the crime of levying war against the United
States, or adhering to their enemies, giving them
aid and comfort. Sir, it is the most heyious of
crimes. It is a crime for which the polished
Athenians denied to the offender even the rite of
sepulture. They would not allow him even the
honor of being decently buried, but his body was
treated like that of a dead dog, and thrown into
the streets and shunned by the passers by. Even
the rite of burial, tlje rite which, as Tacifus tells
us, is due to us as one of the incidents of human
nature, and pertains to the very condition of our
being, was denied to the convicted traitor by the
mostpolished and mosthumaneof ancientnations.
I do not think this is the time for the reduction
and mitigation of the penalty, and I think, there-
fore, this section of the bill is objectionable upon
that account. It reduces the penalty of treason
from the punishment of death to that of simple
imprisonmentand simple fine. It places the crime
of treason, the crime of attacking the very palla-
dium which is the protection of our social and
political rights, upon the same ground with lar-
ceny, and simply commits the offender to impris-
onment for a few years, and to a fine of a few
thousand dollars; and if he does not happen to
possess the property necessary to pay the fine,
then he passes without any punishment, except
the imprisonment. It is no reply to this to say
that it is left to the discretion of the judge who trios
him to impose the penalty of death if he pleases.
If you leave to the judge upon the bench the op-
tion between the penalty of death in any case and
a milder penalty, you make an appeal to his hu-
manity, and you are always sure in such cases to
find the mercy and good feeling of the judge dom-
inating in his heart; he will always impose the
milder sentence in preference to the mote severe;
so that we arc called upon practically to say that
treason shall no longer be punished by death. To
those who are now making war upon our Govern-
ment, who are pursuing with fire and sword the
Union people all along the frontiers between the
two belligerents, you are saying, in effect, "you
may do ail this, you may murder, you may burn,
you may commit any atrocity which is practica-
ble for you, and still you shall not answer for it
in a court of justice with your lives." Sir, I am
not prepared at this time to degrade the punish-
ment of treason in this way. I am not inclined
to depart from the legislation of our fathers upon
this most important subject. To my mind it shows
a weakness, a timidity, a disposition to avoid per-
forming towards these rebels what they justly de-
serve. So much, sir, for the first section of the
amendment oflered by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Thedistinctive features of his bill, so faras they
relate to the seizure of rebel property, are the
following; and I desire to call the particular atten-
tion of the Senate to those plain provisions, and to
their undoubted, plain effects in law. The fifth
section declares:
That to insure the more speedy teimination of the pres-
ent lebelhon, and the apprehension, conviction, and pun-
ishment of the persons engaged therein—
Mark the two things to be insured: the first is
the termination of the present rebellion; and the
second is the apprehension, conviction, and pun-
ishment of the persons engaged m it. To secure
these things—
The President is hereby authorized, and it shall ho liis
duty, by tho marshals of the respective district-, or such
commissioners or othei officeis as he lyay appoint for that
purpose, to seize and sequester the piopertv, real and per
sonal, of cvo.ij kind, including chosrs in action, ot such
persons as shall have been actively and noiouou-lv engaged
in said lebeliion.
Observe, one distinct object of the seizme of
this property is to insure the apprehension, con-
viction, and punishment of the persons engaged
in the rebellion. It is to be done, not by the mil-
itary arm, for the military authorities have nothing
to do with it under this bill. There is here con-
tained no instruction whatever, no authority to
any military man connected with tlu; Union Auny
to seize the property as an act of war; but the
power is given solely to the President of the Uni-
ted States, to his marshals, his judicial officers,
and to such commissioners as he may see fit to
appoint, to seize the property, real and personal,
and all choses in action, belonging to " persons no-
toriously engaged in the present rebellion,"
Now, sir, this section contains a direct author-
ity, a direct command to the President of the
United States and to his marshals, to seize the
property not only of the ringleaders of the rebel-
lion, but of all persons whomsoever who have
been engaged in the rebellion, wherever it can be
found, without making the slightest discrimina-
tion or distinction between the various classes of
rebels; making no distinction between the man
who has been carried and impelled into the rebel
army by the superior pressure of his neighbors
and the authorities about him,and those who have
of their own accord, for base and malignant pur-
poses, embarked in the same wicked scheme. It
sweeps completely and withoutdistinction ail the
property of every rebel throughout the land and
places it in the handsof thePresidentof theUnited
States; for, if the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire will look at his bill, he will see that all
rebels, without distinction or discrimination, are
subjected to the operation of thf seizure claus<\
To show that I am correct, I will lead on. lie
shall
Seize and sequester the propei tv, real and peisonal, of
wry kind, including choses m action, of tuch persons as
shall iiave been actively and notoriously engaged in said
lubeJIion—
And this, I take it, includes all persons with-
out distinction—
and especially of persons hcie.ift«ir acting as oilicers of the
army or navy ofthe rehefc, now or hereafter m arms against
the United States.
Here appears to be an attempt, entirely ineffect-
ual, to classify the rebels, and to apply the seizure
and forfeiture to certain classes; but in the draft-
ing of the bill the chairman will perceive that he
entirely failed in accomplishing his object, if sueh
was his object. Instead of cieating classes, in-
stead of striking at the ringleaders, and them only,
he will discover that he has included all rebels of
all classes. The high and the low, the rich and
the poor, the powerful and the weak, the strong
and the defenseless,all are placed in the same cat-
egory. To me this would be a sufficient reason
for voting against his bill, if there weie no others.
It makes no distinction between the greatly guilty
and^he slightly guilty; none between the power-
ful rebel and the weak, helpless rebel, who lias
