2?84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
Mr. HARLAN. But the Union Paeifie Rail-
road Compeifiy, which we now propose to char-
ter-, if this bill shall become a law, is required, in
the text of the bill, to build these branches on pre-
cisely the same terms on which it is required to
biiila the main trunk line.
Mr.CLARK. That is very true; anditiscom-
petentfor me to'move to amend the bill in that re-
spect; butafter we have adopted this amendment
I qannot move to amend the amendment, because
•we shall have voted it in. I am now at liberty to
move to amend the bill, and strike out that part of
it;- but when the amendment is voted in, I cannot
effect what I desire to accomplish.
Mr. POMEROY. You can, just as well.
Mr.CLARK. Idonotsounaerstand. I may
propose to add, but I cannot move to strike out
what has been inserted. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only be
reached by a reconsideration.
Mr. CLARK. So I understand, and therefore
weshallentangleourselves byadoptingthisamend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. If a majority of the Senate
shall conclude to recast the bill, and change the
conditions on which the main road shall be built,
there will be a majority that can carry a motion
to reconsider. So, there will be no practical incon-
venience.
Mr. CLARK. But the difficulty may be that
I shall not find somebody to move a reconsidera-
tion, and I do not want to be embarrassed by any
such technical rule.
Mr. HARLAN. To obviate that difficulty, I
shall vote for this amendment; and then, if the
conditions are imposed on the new corporation
which the Senator suggests, I will move a recon-
sideration, so as to place the other corporation on
the same basis.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hope the amendment will
be rejected until we try some other questions, and
then it will be competent to move it again.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move a similar amendment
on page 20, by striking out all of the fourteenth
section after the word " act" in line twenty-five,
in these words:
Aud whenever there shall be aline of railroad completed
through Minnesota or Iowa to Sioux City, or a point op-
posite the same on the Missouri liver, then said corporation
shall construct a branch road from Sioux City, to connect
with said Iowa branch or main line, to a point not further
west than the one hundredth meridian of longitude afore-
said, and it is hereby authorized to construct the same upon
the same terms and conditions as are provided in this act
for tiie construction of the main line aforesaid.
And in lieu thereof, inserting:
And whenever there shall bo a line of railroad completed
through Minnesota or I own to Sioux City, then the said
Union Pacific Itailroad Company is hereby authorized and
required to construct a raihoad and telegraph from said
SiouxCity upon the mo.:-t direct and practicable route, to a
point on and so as to connect with the branch railroad and
telegraph in this section hereinbefore mentioned, or with
the said Union Pacific railroad, said point of junction to be
fixed by ihe Piesident oi'theUuited States, not further west
than the one hundredth meridian of longitude aforesaid, and
on tile same terms and conditions as provided in tins act
for the construction of the Union Pacific railroad aforesaid,
and to complete the same at the rate of one hundred miles
per j car; and should said company fail to comply with the
requilements of this act in relation to the said bioux City
railroad and telegraph, the said company shall suffer the
same forfeitures prescribed in relation to the Iowa branch
railroad ami telegraph hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. CLARK. Upon that amendment I shall
content myself by calling for the yeas and nays,
and we shall then determine whether the Senate
will go for all these branches or not. We may as
well come to the point here as anywhere.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I will simply say that
these amendments, when presented by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, satisfied me entirely, and I am
fully convinced that they are a great improvement
to the bill, and are required to make it altogether
equal ami just. I trust that the Senate will con-
cur with the amendments he has proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not taken any part
in this discussion and did not intend to do so; but
perhaps I may as well now say a few words in
regard to my position on the Pacific railroad bill.
If I should frame a bill to suit myself, I would
only appropriate money for building a Pacific rail-
road from the western settlements, now reaching
nearly to the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude, to the eastern boundary of California. I have
no doubt that the local interests east and west of
these terminations of the main road will build con-
nections to it as speedily as the main line will be
constructed. However, as the committee have
agreed upon certain branches extending the road
from the one hundredth meridian of longitude to
the boundary of Iowa and Missouri, I have con-
cluded to vote for the bill as it now stands; but if
to these two branches are added two or three other
branches, I certainly will not vote for the bill.
That is the precise position in which I am placed.
I think the Government of the United States
ought to aid in the construction of a great Pacific
railroad from the western settlements across the
deserts to the settlements in California; and more
than that it ought not to do. All the other sec-
tions of this country have, without the aid of the
General Government, or with but the aid of grants
of land, constructed their railroads; and there is
no propriety in the Government doing anything
more than to leap over the desert, which proba-
bly will not be peopled for many years. That it
ought to do in order to construct a railroad. If I
understand this bill it provides for three different
branches east of the one hundredth degree of lon-
gitude.
Mr. CLARK. Five.
Mr. SHERMAN. Five? It has the St. Joseph
or the Atchison branch; it has the Kansas City
branch 
Mr. POMEROY. That is the main road.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call them all branches be-
cause they are local roads. It has one extending
from Omaha City or Council Bluffs, and this
amendment is in regard to the Sioux City branch.
It has three in the bill, if I understand.
Mr. CLARK. Four besides the main trunk in
the bill, making five in all.
Mr. SHERMAN. And we propose to give now
at this time of financial difficulty $16,000 a mile
for the construction of these various prongs of one
great railroad. I am not willing to do it. How-
ever liberal I desire to be to the western country,
living in the West myself, and however much I
would be willing to appropriate now to build a
great Pacific railroad, I think this is asking too
much. I am willing to vote for a Pacific railroad
bill that will give Iowa one road, and I think it
ought to lead from Council Bluffs.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say that Iowa desires
no road. We proposed to start at Fort Kearny,
which is on tfte exterior line of Nebraska, and
which would have interfered with no State lines
and would have given one road. I do not know
how the Senator voted on that subject; but if that
proposition had been carried, it would have been
the end of all these branches.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not speaking about
what Iowa desires; I have no doubt it is very rea-
sonable and modest as it always is; I am saying
what 1 desire. There ought to be one road con-
necting with the various roads leading through
the State of Iowa, a State with which I am some-
what familiar; there ought to be a road starting
from some point on the one hundredth degree of
west longitude where the Omaha road and the
SiouxCity road may meet; or, failing in that, there
ought to be one main branch from somewhere op-
posite Council Bluffs leading westward, and then
there ought to be another branch leading from the
mouth of Kansas river, or Leavenworth, or St.
Joseph, (it does not make much difference which
so far as the General Government is concerned;)
and these two branches are all that the General
Government ought to build. The various rail-
roads running through Iowa and Missouri will
very speedily make all their connections. There
is now no railroad in Iowa that has reached the cap-
ital of that State, none I believe that has reached
within a hundred miles ofDes Moines city, which
is itself more than one hundred miles from the
western boundary of the State. We are proposing
now to appropriate for five different roads $16,000
a mile, when there are but two railroads that reach
the Missouri river, and not one of them in the
State of Iowa. I think it is asking too much. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment which is pro-
posed by the Senator from New Hampshire will
be adopted, that we may confine the operations
of this bill to two branches on the east, one lead-
ing from some point in Iowa, and the other lead-
ing from some point ill Missouri.
Now, in regard to the proposition made yester-
day,! voted against the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] and I will state
the reason why. He proposed to fix as one of the
terminations of this road a point in the neighbor-
hood of Fort Kearny. I do not think we ought
to fix any point. The surveys of that country,
although they have been very, full, are not yet
ample and complete, and probably the best route
across the mountains was only discovered last
summer. From the information 1 have, I think
the best route is that lying by way of Denver City
and by the new pass discovered last summer; and
even the country so far east as Fort Kearny and
the country between Fort Riley and Fort Kearny
has not been so completely explored that an en-
gineer would pretend to lay down the line of a
road within even ten miles. There has not been
an instrumental survey on the route anywhere.
The most experienced and accurate eye even of
the engineer, on the vast plains of the West, is very
apt to be deceived as to altitudes and distances.
That is known very well. Where the country is
a vast plain, apparently level, there may be an
elevation that makes a railroad almost impracti-
cable. The only test of a railroad line, therefore,
is to apply the level, the instrument by which you
ascertain the precise gradation. -For this reason
I was opposed to fixing any point of commence-
ment like Fort Kearny, or any other point either
north or south, but preferred to leave that question
to be decided by the level, by the instrument
which alone can lay railroads.
I hope that this proposition, which will add
another prong to this many-pronged railroad, will
be voted down; and that the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire will be adopted,
and that we may agree upon the construction of
one main Pacific railroad, which may be promptly
constructed, and give such reasonable aid as we
can to diverging routes, all pointing to the main
line, and I think that all these diverging lines
ought to be under different corporations. There
is one part of this bill that I do not like. I do not
wish to criticise it, but I do not think the Pacific
Railroad Company ought to build any of these di-
verging lines. They ought to be built by different
companies so that all the diverging lines will com-
pete with each other, and compete with each other
fairly, while they all pour their streams of com-
merce into one great line, which is aided by the
Government. But under the operation of the bill
as you have it now framed, the Pacific Railroad
Company will own one of these branch lines, and
may to the sacrifice of other interests involved in
these roads divert the whole travel and transpor-
tation to one line, thus destroying the property
in which you yourself invest to the tune of $16,000
a mile. I think it would be much wiser to leave
these various branches to be built by the local
interests concerned. There is no doubt that the
parties interested now in the railroads leading
through Des Moines to Council Bluffs will eventu-
ally reach a connection with the Pacific railroad.
There is no doubt either that the railroad now
running from Dubuque to Sioux City will event-
ually reach its termination on the Pacific railroad;
that it will be done by local energy and local sub-
scription, by the interest of the capitalists who
have embarked their money in that enterprise.
There is no doubt but that the Pacific railroad of
Missouri, now terminating at Kansas City, will
extend its line by some means or other to reach
the main Pacific railroad wherever you commence
it, and the same remark is equally true of the
Hannibal and St. Joseph road, now terminating
at St. Joseph. It is better to leave these private
corporations which have embarked large sums of
money in their roads, to reach in some way the
main Pacific railroad, and I have no doubt they
will do it, and to enable them to do it I would be
willing to give them some slight gratuity, some
grants of land or something of that sort; but for
the Government of the United States at this time
to embark in extending five different railroad cor-
porations to reach the Pacific road, I think is nei-
ther wise nor expedient.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire only to say, in re-
ply to the Senator from Ohio, that beginning the
Pacific railroad out on the plains at some point,is
aboutassensible as to begin the Washington mon-
ument at the ton and try to build down. It occurs
lo me that to begin at a point where you have
no navigation, no commerce, where you can get
neither your iron nor your men, is the most sense-
less proposition that could be presented. 1 say I
would as soon think of commencing the Washing-
ton monument at the top, as to commence a rail-
