1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
37th CoisrG....2D Sess.
The Confiscation Bill—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
eral court the Constitution, in my judgment, re-
quires that the accused shall be present in court.
There can be no trial in a Federal court unless
the accused is present, because the Constitution
declares that it shall be the right of every person
accused of crime to be tried by an impartial jury.
_ Now, if this be his right, (and I call the atten-
tion of Senators to this,) if it be the right of the
accused to be in court when his trial takes place,
it follows "logically, it strikes me, that he cannot
be tried in his absence; he cannot be convicted in
his absence; norcan he be deprived of his life, his
liberty, or his property in his absence. If it be
liis right to*be tried by an impartial jury, then
Congress cannot repeal that right, they cannot
modify it in any way, it is his absolute right; and
in case the accused is not present in a Federal
court at the time his trial is to come oil', X insist
that the court itself has no jurisdiction, no power
to proceed in the trial. It is the duty of the Gov-
ernment—for it is armed with sufficient powers
and all necessary facilities—to seize upon and ap-
prehend the offender,and bring him into court, and
if he refuses to plead to the indictment, then the
powers of the Government are sufficient either to
hold him guilty as standing mute or to allow the
court to put in for him a plea of not guilty, as is
the usual and almost universal practice. But, sir,
it is an unheard-of proceeding,.I insist, that an
accused person in a Federal court may be tried in
his absence; and if he cannot be tried in his ab-
sence, then you cannot meddle with him in any
way; you cannot take from him his liberty or his
Eroperty. The Constitution says that it shall be
is right to be tried by an impartial jury. That
plainly implies the indispensable necessity of his
being present to exercise his right of challenge to
the jury in the mode pointed out by the common
law. Certainly a trial cannot be said to be im-
partial unless the accused has had an opportunity
to exercise his rightof challenge to the jury; and
for that purpose it is absolutely indispensable that
he should be in court.
These provisions plainly require an actual trial
by a jury before any punishment whatever can be
inflicted for the crime charged in the indictment.
And the trial is what the Constitution denomin-
ates " due process of law" in all criminal cases.
What is due process of law ?
The meaning of the phrase "due process of
law"has been over and overagain declared by the
highest judicial authorities of this country to be
the " law of the land." Here is one law of the land
which I presume Senators will not hesitate to in-
clude in the "due process of law, "and that is the
highest law of the land, it is a part of the Consti-
tution itself; itis irrepealable; itcannot be altered
by act of Congress. It is that " the trial of all
crimes shall be by jury." It is the most essen-
tial element embraced "in due process of law."
An accused person is not to be deprived of his
property without duo process of law. He can-
not then be deprived of it except by trial by jury,
in a criminal case. And yet tiie bill provides for
no such trial; no jury is called, no jury is sworn,
110 witness is called into court, not even a default
is formally entered upon the record against the of-
fender. And yet this bill provides that because
he has not appeared in court and pleaded in obe-
dience to an order of the court, which may have
been published in a gazette for one day or two
days, or four days, or forty days, because he has
not appeared and answered to the indictment vol-
untarily, he shall be stripped of his property and
his heirs of all right of inheritance.. Will gentle-
men call this "due process of lajvr" Where do
they find in the United States a single adjudication
that gives the slightest countenance to this new-
fangled and to me most absurd idea that what they
call process of outlawry is part of the " due pro-
cess of law" required by the Constitution of the
United States? But I will comment more fully
upon this favorite theory of outlawry before I
close.
The trial by jury, then, Air. President, is an
indispensable mode of ascertaining the guiltof the
accused. The language of the Constituticfn ex-
cludes all other modes: "the trial of all crimes
shall be by jury;" and we.must,in defining "due
process of law," in article six of the amendments,
in criminal cases, include at least what the Con-
stitution itself includes. A construction of that
New Series—No. 20.
clause which would leave out trial by jury in crim-
inal cases as a part of the " due process of law"
fails, becauseitdisregards the proceeding required
by the Constitution itself, and leaves the meaning
of the term " due process of law" to be established
in one of two ways: first, by the legislation of
Congress, or, second, by a reference to the com-
mon law without regard either to such legislation
or to the Constitution itself. And, first, if Con-
gress may define what is duo process of law, then
it is clear that their power over the trial of crimes
is perfectly boundless and illimitable. I repeat,
that if you give to this clause suchla construction
as may enable Congress by legislation to define
what is meant by " due process of law" you open
the door entirely; you throw down every barrier
which the fiamers of the Constitution supposed
they were erecting against this same power of
Congress over the prosecution of crimes. You
must, therefore, give up the idea that Congress
has any right to define what is " due process of
law." Congress has no power to define it. It
stands there m the Constitution to mean what the
framers intended by it; and we members of Con-
gress are just as much bound by that meaning,
whatever it is, as we are by the meaning of any
other clause. We have no power whatever to alter
it. It means what they intended it to mean, and
we cannot by legislation change its meaning.
There is but one other view that can be taken
of it; but one other construction which can be
placed upon it, or I should rather say there is
but one other imaginary use to which this phrase
" duo process of law" can be put. It will be in-
sisted, as it has been insisted, that under this "due
process of law" clause itis competent for Con-
gress to enact a statute by which a person may bo
outlawed, as lie may be outlawed in some cases
in England; in other words, that he can bo in-
dicted, tried, and convicted 111 his absence; in short,
that he may be outlawed and that he may be pun-
ished under the Constitution of the United States,
although he was never in the court which con-
victed him, although he never saw one of the ju-
rors who tried him, although he never listened to
a witness who went to testify against him. The
advocates of this bill are driven to that absurd
use, that absurd application of the phrase " due
process of law," in order to support this bill.
I might stop here without going into an inves-
tigation of the nature and office of the process of
outlawry, and say to my friends on the opposite
side, you are estopped by the very terms of the
Constitution from making'such a use of the phrase
" due processof law." By the Constitution itself
you are estopped from making such a use of it,
because the Constitution says that all crimes shall
be tried by a jury, and because trial by jury is by
the Constitution itself part ofthis "due process of
law." You are not at liberty to go beyond the
teuns of the instrument which you are construing.
You are not at liberty to disregard other piovis-
ions of the Constitution, and to ingraft upon tins'
indefinite phrase, " iluc process of law," a mean-
ing which is in direct conflict with other clauses
of the Constitution.
And, sir, I will say a word on the subject of
outlawry., and endeavor to show in what respects
that proceeding differs from the one requiied by
the bill. We have seen what the bill requires. It
simply icquires the court to enter an order, and
cause that order to be published a certain number
of days, it may be one day, it may be twenty or
one hundred days, requiring the person indicted
to come into court voluntarily, and answer to the
indictment; and in case of his non-appearance
thus voluntarily, the factof his non-appearance is
recorded by the court, and then the act itself, by
its terms, sweeps away all his property without
any reservation, no matter whether it had been
seized or not; and this, not because the accused
person was guilty of the crime charged in the in-
dictment at all; notbecause he is guilty of treason,
or any of the acts which are made criminal by the
second section of this bill, but because he does
not voluntarily appear in court to answer the in-
dictment. I ask my learned friend from New
Hampshire, where does he find in the Constitu-
tion a clause which allows Congress to declare as
a crime, and punish as a crime, a want of a vol-
untary appeaiance by the accused in a criminal
case ? Is that a crime ? Is it a crime according to
any code on earth? No,sir; itissimply nonsense
to talk about it being a crime. It is very true,
that where a court has the party within its juris-
diction, where it can serve upon him a notice to
obey a particular order within a given time, and
serves upon him a notice of the order, and the
party refuses to comply with the exigency of the
order, he may be punished, notforacrime against
the laws of the country, butsimply as acontempt
of the authority of the court. We are well ac-
quainted with that principle; but here the non-
appearance in court of the party accused of trea-
son, that is, his omission to come in and answer
the indictment voluntarily, is treated as if it were
a crime, and made the ground of stripping him of
all his property. This is grossly unconstitutional.
I undertake to say that such a proceeding was
never heard of in a court of justice in any civil-
ized land. Itis an anomaly. No such proceed-
ings ever took place in England. Even in the
bloodiest and most barbarous days of their mon-
archy, such a judicial proceeding was never heard
of there; and all along I am speaking of this pro-
ceeding simply and solely as a judicial proceeding,
not a military measure.' I wish the distinction to
bo kept up. I need not again tell the Senate or
the country that I am in favor of a bill to confis-
cate the property of the ringleaders of the rebel-
lion; but I put it solely upon the war-making
power of Congress, not the judicial power. I use
it as I would the sword, to cripple and subdue the
enemy in prosecuting the war against him. The
difference between the war-making power and the
power of the courts to hear and determine a case
pending in court is too broad to escape the atten-
tion of any one. Under the Constitution, the
Army may and must do what the court canifot.
The Army prosecutes by arms the supreme ap-
peal of the State against violence and wrongs
which it is impossible for a court of justice to
redress.
Now, sir, this proceeding is likened to that ati-
cient and severe proceeding known in England as
outlawry. Let us compaie it for a moment with
the proceedings in outlawry, and sec where the
analogies are, whether, afteralf,itis a proceeding
of outlawry, whether it falls short of it, and, in-
deed, whether it has any analogy to it. The an-
alogy will turn out to be so thin and flimsy as to
be almost imperceptible to a microscopic eye. In
England, according to ancient usage—a usage not
m uch employed, I take it, in modern days—a grand
jury of a county may find an indictment for felony
against an individual; he may not be within the
realm; but the process known as outlawry is re-
sorted to in such a case for the purpose of con-
victing and punishing him. What are the pro-
ceedings? They are very numerous and very
intricate, and you may say very liberal, giving the
accused all reasonable time to appear in courtand
make liisdefense. Here lire the proceedings: first,
an indictment by the grand jury; second, the issue
of the capias to arrest the offender; third, the sher-
iff's return upon the capias that the accused is not
found; fourth, the alias capias, returnable at the
next court, several months in the future; fifth, the
return of the last capias, not- found; sixth, the
pluries capias, returnable to the next court; sev-
enth, the return of Lhisp/uries capias, which is the
third process for his arrest, not found; eighth, the
writ of exigent, commanding the sheriff to cause
the accused to be culled ftom county couit to
county court until he is outlawed as prescribed by
law; ninth, the writof proclamation, requiring the
sheriff to make proclaims I ion for ihreedaysin open
court of the county at the quarter sessions, and
also at the door of the church of the parish where
the accused resides, to give himself up to the sher-
iff; tenth, the return of these two writs, the exe-
gent and proclamation. I ought to say here that
the writs of exegent and proclamation are con-
tained generally in the same paper, although they
are essentially different mandates. Eleventh, the
second writ of exegent and the second writ of proc-
lamation, issued to the sheriff to perform the same
ceremony; twelfth, the return of these two writs,
showing that the accused has been duly culled and
proclaimed by the sheriff, as commanded in the
writs; thirteenth, the judgment entered by the two
coroners of the county that, according to the laws
and customs of England, the person accused is
outlawed. The last, the fourteenth step, is the
