1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
vent. this fratricidal war. In the councils of the
nation and before the assemblies of the people she
plead with all the earnest enthusiasm of a warm-
hearted patriotism; she offeicd to the nation,
through her illustrious son,, terms of conciliation
and compromise, which ought to have been ac-
cepted. But her voice was unheeded. Neither
section would listen to her timely and generous
appeals. Strife and bitterness seemed to have
filled the hearts of men on every side.
Yet Kentucky did not falter; seeing the danger
of her own position, and knowing that her fair
fields would be the inevitable theater upon which
the heavy clash of arms would first be felt, and
realizing the natural sympathies of her own peo-
ple with the southern States, and the misrepre-
sentations by which bold leaders and crafty trai-
tors expected to mislead the honest masses, the
loyal men of Kentucky had a most difficult and
critical duty to discharge. With what fidelity and
good judgment she met the crisis, let the history
of passing events tell. No crimes or blunders
were committed by her true sons. Rejecting all
false theories springing out of the secession move-
ment, forgetting the sympathies which were ap-
pealed to m order to enlist her in the southern
cause, rising to a true national position, and
planting herself upon the bulwarks of the Federal
Constitution, she threw off her neutrality, un-
sheathed her sword, and by the side of the gal-
lant men who flocked to her rescue, from Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and other loyal States, she bid
defiance to traitors, and proclaimed, in the lan-
guage of the immortal Jackson: " The Federal
CJnion, it must be preserved." Upon the crimsoned
fields of Wildcat, of Somerset, of Fort Henry, of
Fort Donelson, and Pittsburg Landing, she illus-
trated anew her deep devotion to the cause of con-
stitutional liberty.
No, sir; Kentucky has not attempted or desired
to dictate the policy of the nation in this terrible
crisis. She lias done her whole duty under the
most trying and difficult circumstances that ever
surrounded a brave and chivalrous people; with
true and filial devotion she has bared her bosom,
and received the blow which was intended for the
' heart of the nation; poised upon her own great
centers of truth and loyalty, she has resisted
every appeal made to her by recreant sons, and
stood as a wall of fire to check the unci oachmcnts
of those whose purpose was to destroy the nation.
What I have said of Kentucky is equally true of
the other border slave Stales—Maryland;, West-
ern Virginia, Delaware, and Missouri. They re-
gard American nationality as the precious casket
in which is contained the priceless gifts of free in-
stitutions, and they would regard themselves as
alike recreant to their generation, to posterity, and
to struggling humanity throughout the world, if
they failed to do their part towards preserving
and transmitting unimpaired to future generations
this sacred and invaluable trust.
Sir, whatever others may have done, or may
yet do, to uphold and maintain the Government
and the Constitution, the loyal men of the border
slave States, as long as time shall last and free
institutions be prized among men, will be remem-
bered and honored for their heroic courage and
devoted patriotism. Like poor old Lear, they
have withstood the " peltingsofthe pitiless storm"
that raged around them; they have checked and
rolled back the mad waves of passion and of prej-
udice which were sweeping with desolating fury
over the land, and threatening to ingulf all that
was most precious on this continent. For the
sake of their country and its free institutions they
have sacrificed their material interests, broken the
tenderest ties of family and of social life, and de-
termined cither to perish or to save from dismem-
berment and ruin the Union and the Constitution,
threatened by the fierce assaults of ambitions
leaders, and their deluded and misguided follow-
ers. And, sir, as long as a love of liberty and
of free government shall find a lodgment in the
hearts of men, the names of Johnson, of Ether-
idge, of Prentice, of Guthrie, of Davis, of Gam-
ble, of Bates, of Phelps, and though last, yet first,
of my venerable friend who sits before me, [Mr.
Crittenden,] will be associated with the founders
of republican government on this continent.
Mr. Chaiiman, I fear the end is not yet. My
mind alternating betwixt hope and fear, I put my
faith upon the patriotism and good sense of the
great majority of the American people, and the
kindness of that good Providence that has thus
far watched over and guided our country through
all the dangers which have beset us:
"A thousand years scarce serve to form a State,
An hour may lay it in the dust; and when
Can man its shattered splendor renovate,
Recall its virtues back, and vanquish time and fate?"
What we most need in the present hour is calm
and prudent counsels in our legislative halls. I
am sincere in the belief that the Government is in
more danger from the indiscreet action of imprac-
ticable politicians and misguided theorists than
from any failure of our arms. What we want is
a great Union conservative party, made up from
all other parties, within whose folds may be gath-
ered the good men of the nation, North and South,
planted firmly on the Constitution, and determ-
ined to resist and to overthrow the aggressions
of extremists, and, by a liberal and beneficent
policy, win back the wandering children of the
Republic to their duty and their loyalty.
Sir, if my poor voice could reach our distant
brethren in the South, I would ask each and every
one of them, what has the South gained by seces-
sion ? What has any one southern State gained
by secession ? What has any one individual in
all the South gained by secession? Has it or is
it likely to give to them a better form of govern-
ment? Is their property more secure? Has it
brought peace and happiness to their firesides,
prosperity to their business? Have they profited
in any respect by this movement? On the con-
trary, have not the ambitious leaders who put on
foot this rebellion,contrary to the wishes and bet-
ter judgment of the masses, brought bankruptcy,
ruin, and desolation upon the entire South ? There
never was, so far as 1 know, a single solitary
meetingof the people asking a change of Govern-
ment. The movement did not originate with the
people themselves. They arc patriotic. It origi-
nated with Davis and his traitorous oiew in this
Capitol. And oh!
"Is there not sonic chosen curse,
Some hidden tliumler m the stores of Heaven,
Ilod wall uncommon wrath, to blast the man
Who owes his gieatness to his country's ruin ?"
The masses were happy and contented, satis-
fied with their Government as it was. Living
under the protection and benign influence of a free
Constitution and wholesome laws, they asked for
no change, they wanted none, and they are now
sighing for the old order of things. This mon-
strous ciime of involving the coun ti y in rebellion
and war lies at the door of uneasy and discon-
tented politicians, reckless and maddened leaders,
and was gotten up to promote their own reckless
and selfish ends. A day of terrible retribution
awaits them. Like Actason, in heathen mythol-
ogy, they will, in the end, be destroyed by their
own friends. The loyal citizens of the South, de-
ceived and betrayed, will in due season turn upon
them and punish them for their crimes; while the
great and beneficent Government, the glory and
admiration ofevery loyal American heart, planted
amidst all the perils and dangers of our revolu-
tionary conflict, will exert its authority through-
out the length and breadth of the nation, and our
hearts will be once more Sheered and animated at
the sight of thek< old flag, "baptized, as it will have
been, in fire and blood, planted securely upon
every mountain top and in every valley, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific coast.
Mr. Chairman, the effect of this revolution will
be to settle, and forever, certain dangerous theories
springing out of our foim of government, and
tending constantly to a collision between the State
and national authorities.
" Sweet are the use of adversity,
Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous,
Weais yet a precious jewel in its head."
The nation has been convulsed to its center;
thousands of true and brave men have been sac-
rificed in the contest; we have created a national
debt which will be a heavy burden to the present
and to several generations which will come after
us; but all these are as nothing compared with
the value of the life of the nation. The people
will not mnrmnr if the Constitution is preserved,
and our matchless foim of government not seri-
ously impaired. They will feel assured that no
such" revolution will be attempted again for " light
and transient causes." They wiil feci their faith
greatly strengthened in republican institutions.
The experiment will have been thoroughly
tested as to the ability of the people to govern
themselves. And "when wild war's deadly blast is
o'er,35 and the angel of peace shall once more spread
his bright wings across the continent, starting
afresh in the race of nations, and purified by the
severe ordeal through which we have been com-
pelled to pass, we will be a wiser, a better, and a
stronger people; and when men have returned to
the peaceful pursuits of private life, and society
shall have assumed again the steady forms of law
and order, the energies of the masses will be un-
chained in new fields of enterprise that will lure
them on to reinstate their fortunes, and despite
the terrors and calamities of the frightful and un-
natural revolution through which we are now
passing, our great nation, with the strength of a
young giant, will at one bound assume its lost
position, and go forward in themarch of improve-
ment in a manner that will eclipse even our former
unparalleled success; and before the close of the
present century, in all the elements of powerand
of national strength, and in our contributions to
science and literature, to art, to arms, to com-
merce, to manufactures, to agriculture, we will
assume a position second to no other civilized
nation in the world.
Mr. Chairman, in casting our eyes across the
beautiful valley westward, we behold a vast and
unfinished monument, intended by his affection-
ate countrymen to perpetuate a lively recollection
of the virtues and character of Washington. Each
State of the American Union has contributed a
part of the material of which this beautiful shaft
is built. From one a block of limestone, from
another a block of marble, from another a block
of granite, from anothera block of quartz sprinkled
with gold, &c. The motto of the great State that I
have the honor, in part, to representin this Hall,
is, " United ive stand; divided we/all," and in her
contiibution to the Washington monument she
has sent here a block of solid iron, carved from
her own great mountain, typical of her vast min-
eral resources, and of her strength and power
when these resources are fully developed, and in-
dicating further that, as iron is more durable than
marble or granite, so Missouri will be more stead-
fast in maintaining the Union of these States
and in preserving the Constitution and Govern-
ment which Washington gave to us.
Mr. NORTON. I had hoped, and the country
exported, that this pestiferous question of slavery
which for the last fifteen or twenty years has en-
grossed so much of the time of the representative
men of the Republic on this floor, would be ban-
ished from the council chambers of the nation. If,
heretofore, in times of profound peace and na-
tional tranquillity, its discussion had been attended
with results either practical or beneficial, its intro-
duction now, in these times of darkness, danger,
and peril to constitutional liberty, might be ex-
cused, if not justified. But, in times gone by, when
evil rather than good,mischiefrather than benefit,
embittered hate rather than fraternal feeling, dis-
cord rather than harmony, sectional division rather
than national union, have been its invariable prod-
ucts, its revival now manifests, to say the very
least of it, a disregard of the past foreboding noth-
ing good for the1 future. If, forty years ago, its
introduction into these Halls struck like a fire
bel! at night upon the ears of Thomas Jefferson,
and caused him to tremble because of the conse-
quences likely to flow from it, what can justify its
renewal now when one thud of the States stand
in revolt to the authority of the Government? Its
discussion, sir, has no charms for me, and noth-
ing but a stern sense of duty to those I represent
on this floor would drive me to a participation in
it. I propose to discuss the various propositions
involving the confiscation of property and the
emancipation of slaves.
' In the advocacy of these various propositions, it
has been said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] and repeated by others, thatsla-
very is the cause of this rebellion, and should there-
fore be exterminated on the principle, I suppose,
of removing the cause to get rid of the effect of that
cause, of curing the disease by taking away that
which produces it. If the premises taken by the
gentleman are correct, the conclusion at which he
j arrives is irresistibly true. But, sir, is this pos>-
j| tion well taken ? I think not, and shall endeavor
i; to demonstrate its mcorrectncss, and show the
l| fallacy and soph'stry of the argument built upon
M it. Jn what sense is it the cause of this rebel-
i iion? Can the country, or any gentleman on this
