804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
history, its repudiation, and its total loss to all
tBose who held it.
: We are told, and all admit, that such a system
destroys public confidence and private confidence;
that it affects the public faith and the public credit;
that it creates such distrust between man and man
as impairs the ordinary commercial operations of
the cotmtry; that it destroys the public and pri-
vate virtues; that it debauches a country; and yet
upon such an experiment we are now entering. I
vjenture to say that the inconvertible paper money
which we now are about to authorize to be made
a legal tender will not be the sole amount which
Congress will emit for this purpose; but before this
session closes you will have more than two hun-
dred millions of dollars added to the $150,000,000
which you now authorize to bo issued and to be
considered a legal tender.
I was somewhat struck with a remark which
fell from the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr, Doo-
uttle,] in the course of his spcech,and the jus-
tice of which I could not perceive. If I under-
stood him aright, he said that htj would be much
opposed to this measuie, if it were not that there
was now a paper money circulation in the country
of 0X50,000,000, issued by the banks, which the
people have accepted as if legal currency; that
theyareso accustomed to take it that it is in vain
to talk of it except as money in circulation; but
that if that could be put a stop to, he would then
be in favor of hard money altogether, and opposed
to the legal tender clause of this bill. It seems to
me that it is a singular fancy of his to correct that
evil by adding to the irredeemable bank paper cur-
rency of the country §150,000,000 more, as we are
now about to do. 1 suppose if this paper eii dila-
tion of ours he an inferior circulation to that of the
banks, it will displace it, according to a generally
received principle, that the worse circulation al-
ways displaces the better, and therefore that which
displacesuny other circulation will be worse than
the one displaced. Ifso, it will depend on ihe credit
given to these Treasury notes, whether these form
a circulating medium or not. If they be considered
worse by the holders than the notes of the banks,
they will displace the notes of the banks, and the
people will take our Govurnmentpaper money.
I think that this measure will not redound either
to the advantage of the country or to its honor and
reputation. How do you think, sir, it will be re-
ceived abroad? With scorn and ridicule, I ven-
ture to predict, by all the enemies of republican
government; with fear and dismay by its friends.
Your enemies across the river, at the Richmond
court, will, I think, as I heard the Senator from
Vermont sny to some one just now, have ajubilec
over the presage of this bill with this provision in
it, because ii brings this Government down to the
level of their penury; it is a proclamation of bank-
ruptcy in advance, quite as strong as anything
which we can declare of their condition, and it is
the promise of worse tilings in the future.
Mr. President, the exigencies of the country aic
very great; I admit my obligation to cooperate
with gentlemen here in furnishing the Government
with the means of carrying on all its operations;
but when a constitutional objection is presented to
me, the very allegiance which f owe to the Con-
stitution, and therefore to the Union, compels me
not to violate any one of its provisions, as 1 think
I shall do if! vote for this bill. I must, therefore,
cast my vote against it.
i repeat, sir, the exigencies of tho Government
are great; and they will boj rcaterbefore they can
be less. We huvu now a debt of over three hun-
dred millions I think; and we are told even by my
friend the chairman of the Committee on Finance
that by the expiration of this fiscal year we shall
have a debt of $750,000,000; and, if the war con-
tinues another year, a debt of $1,500,000,000.
Does not the magnitude of that strike eveiy one?
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. SimmojjsJ
said the other day that this country was as well
able to carry a load of debt as Great Britain was.
He spoke ot its abounding in all the elements of
wealth. That ia true if he speaks only of that
which Dr. Johnson calh-d "the potentiality of
wealth beyond the dream of avarice." With our
immense country, with all its resources of wood
andforestandmmeundevelopeduio one can doubt
that in the future there must be wealth in this
country far exceeding that of Great Britain, large
as it is, and though it be the treasure of centuries
which has been accumulated within that realm;
but we have not that wealth now, sir. Many of
the sources of our future wealth are sealed up to
us at present, and must remain so necessarily for
a long series of years; vast portions of our land
are uncultivated, and they must remain so. But
when toil shall have subdued the forest, restored
the fertility of lands now exhausted, digged deep
into the bowels of the land for the hidden treas-
ures of the mine, and given new forms and value
to the crude products of the land, no people will
rival us in the abundance, extent, and variety of
our products, and in all that belongs to material
prosperity.
But, sir, when we look at our present means to
pay our debts by taxation, we shall find that they
are by no means so abundant, comparing them
with the resources of England, as the Senator from
Rhode Island suggested. The valuation, as ascer-
tained by the census, of the assessable property
in the whole of the United States was but about
twelve thousand and eighty-four millions of dol-
lars. I know that at the census office it was thought
that the valuation of the States was too low, and
therefore, by conjecture, they raised this valua-
tion up to about sixteen thousand millions of
dollars, of which five thousand one hundred and
eleven millions are in the seceded States and be-
tween ten and eleven thousand millions in the
adhering States. Bat if you take the returns fur-
nished by the census, the valuation of all the as-
sessable property in the United States is but about
twelve thousand and eighty-four millions of dol-
lars, and can any one believe that the valuation
made two years ago are too low now? Has not
all property fallen in value? and would it be safe
to assume that any conjectural addition to the ac-
tual returns of the census should be made to cor-
rect a supposed under-estimate of these returns?
Then, sir, if we take that valuation as correct
or approximating correctness, or even taking the
other supposition, if we assume that there are.
$10,000,000,000 of assessable property in the ad-
hering States, that is less than one third of the
valuation of the assessable property of Great Brit-
ain. The assessable value of the property of Great
Uniain in 1858 was $30,000,000,000, and at the
rate of increase since their census of 1848, it must
now he $32,000,000,000. The assessable value of
the property in our adhering States, according to
the census returns, not raised, as I have stated, is
a little less than $8,000,000,000; so that the assess-
able property here is about one fourth of that of
Great Britain. Then, adobt of §1,000,000,000 here
is equivalent to, or in the same proportion as, a debt
of ^4,000,000,000 (which is the debt of England) is
to its assess,iblo propeity. Hence, if we have a
debt of $1,000,000,000, wc have an incumbrance
as great upon us as the present debt of Great Brit-
ain is upon her. But, then, we must recollect that
we pay double or more than double the interest
that she does, so that, as one Senator said to-day,
we were incurring not a little responsibility when
we entered upon this vast system of expenditure,
but a very great responsibility—a burden of debt
the interest of which is, m comparison with that
of England, as two to one.
And, beside all this, we must recollect that as a
great mercantile and manufacturing nation, she is
better able to pay taxes than we are; whose chief
population is agricultural. An agricultural people
arc, as is generally admitted, less able to pay taxes
than those among whom mercantile pursuits and
the manufacturing arts are predominant. We
must remember, too, how much wealth England
now draws from her vast colonial possessions—
Australia, Hindostan, and the numerous depend-
encies over which her flag floats in every quarter
of the world.
Sir, notwithstanding the magnitude of this re-
sponsibility, I think it is probable that the coun-
try will endeavor to bear all the impositions which
it mayrender necessary; butlet us not delude our-
selves, nor delude the people, by the supposition
that these evils aie to be but few or insignificant.
If we want to give credit to the Government se-
curities, we must not only provide, as this bill
does, for the payment of the inteiestdue on them i
m com, but we must provide, by large taxation,
for the raising of gri^at sums of money for the pur-
pose of paying the interest in coin, and of defray- j
ing in part Uio vast expenditures of the Govern- !
ment. This cannot be done altogether, or more j
largely than at present by direct taxes,using these I
words in the sense of the Constitution. We shall :
find it indispensable to resort to indirect or inter-
nal taxation to a great extent. This is much the
easiest and least burdensome mode of raising
revenue; but we cannot flatter ourselves that its
pressure will not be sensibly felt. It must load
down our industry, limit the comforts of life, es-
pecially to the poor, and using large contributions
from property and toil, I fear, for many long years
to come; even if the sinking fund of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] should accomplish the
wonders which are always promised for sinking
funds. These would probably be accomplished
if the stipulations at their creation were always ob-
served. But great exigencies and financial revul-
sions occur too frequently in the history of nations
to allow of this, and, therefore, I fear that before
the expiration of this war we shall have laid upon
ourselves the burden of a heavy perpetual debt.
We certainly have commenced the bad experi-
ment of irredeemable Government paper money.
No one will be more rejoiced than myself if these
apprehensions should prove to be vain. Having
made this brief statement of my opinions, I will
not longer detain the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It was my desire and in-
tention to vote for this bill, provided the provision
making these notesa legal tender had been stricken
out. That provision has been retained in the bill.
It is so clearly unconstitutional, in my opinion,
that I cannot conscientiously vote for it. I cannot
attempt at this late hour to assign the reasons for
my opinion. The speech of the Senator from Ver-
mont has not been answered, and it is not in the
power of man to answer it.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to make
a speech. It would afford me pleasure to vote for
any measure 1 thought constitutional to relieve the
country from its present embarrassment; but be-
lieving that this bill is unconstitutional, I cannot
vote for it. I had intended, if time permitted—
but the hour is too late now—to give briefly my
reasons for the vote I shall give; but after the very
exhaustive speech made by the Senator from Ver-
mont yesterday, it would be unnecessary, partic-
ularly after the excellent speech made by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to-day, and the brief but
very pointed speech of the Senator from Mary-
land, who has just taken his seat.
In my judgment, this bill is plainly and palpably
violative of the Constitution of the United States,
and I do not believe that issues of paper money,
unless they are convertible into coin at the. pleas-
ure of the holder, ever did or ever will relieve any
country permanently from any embarrassment. 1
think all such issues of irredeemable paper lead the
country into further and greater embarrassments,
instead of relieving it; and I very much fear that
those who expect great benefits to the country from
this bill will be very greatly disappointed. I shall
not detain the Senate by speaking.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. I merely desire to "say, in
order that I may appear right upon the record,
that I have entertained very grove doubts during
this discussion as to the constitutionality of the
legal tender issue, and entertaining those doubts,
I cast my vote against that clause when it was
under consideration. The majority of the body
having now, however, indicated their desire that
it should be in the bill, I cannot, consistently with
my sense of duty, withhold my vote from the bill.
I shall, therefore, vote for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I voted against the vital
clause of this biil making the paper issued by the
Government a legal tender, but having no project
of my own to present to the Senate, I shall not
take the responsibility of voting against the only
measure which is proposed by the Government
and which has passed the House of Representa-
tives and received the sanction of a majoiity of
this body.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
! resulted—yeas 30, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandle!, Chirk. Davis, Dixon,
Dooiittlo, Fessenden, Foo't, Fostci, Gt lines, Hale, Ilarlan,
Ilarns, Iie'ndotsoii, Howard. Howe, Lane of Indiana, La-
tham, MeDougall. Momll, Pomuuy, Rtcr, Sheunan, Sum-
ner, Ten Ejck, Tiurnbnil, Wadu, Wilkinson, Wilson of
Massachusetts and Wilson of Missouri—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Coilamei, Cowan, Kennedy, King,
Pcaice, Powell, and Saulebury—7.
So the bill was passed.
