1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOT
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. MoDougall.
Senate.
and take his trial, the law (according to the bill)
strips him and his heirs of all title to his property,
and declares it forfeited to the United States. Ob-
serve, sir, this forfeiture is not on account of the
owner Having committed the crime charged in the
indictment; not at all, for he has not been tried
for that crime; but it is solely and exclusively on
account of his non-appearance in court. He may
be innocent, and still, under this proceeding, his
property may be taken from him. He may be in
the most loyal of tfte loyal States, and yet his prop-
erty may be seized and forfeited, simply because
he does not see fit, if he knew the fact, to go from
Maine to Kentucky, or some other State, and put
in a voluntary appearance to the indictment. He
may be totally ignorant of the proceedings which
have been taken against him; he may be absent
and out of the country; he may be entirely igno-
rant and entirely innocent, and yet this bill seizes
his property without his knowledge, and, while
ho is without offense before God or man, forfeits
it to the United States.
And this summary, this reckless proceeding:,
which is without party, without trial, without evi-
dence of any guilt, without conviction, judgment,
or sentence, is dignified with the name of " out-
lawry," and is upheld by the Senator from Ver-
mont and the Senator from New Hampshire as
due process of law.
The bill punishes the crime of non-appearance
to answer voluntarily to the indictment by taking
away all the property of the accused without trial
or hearing of any kind; thus using the court to do
an act which Congress has not the manliness to do
as an act of war, and which the courtis foi bidden
to do by the Constitution.
And after all this, after the man's property has
been taken,forfeited to the United States, and the
avails of it have gone into the Treasury of the
United States and been used for the purpose of car-
rying on the Government, this same indictment
still remains undisposed of, no trial having taken
place, and the accused person liable at any mo-
ment, when he comes within reach of the process
of the court, to be arrested and tried. The owner,
as I have remarked, may be absent and innocent,
entirely ignorant of the proceeding; the owner may
be an infant withouta protector or guardian; may
be a feme covert; nay, sir, the owner may be dead
and in his grave at the moment thisjudgmentof out-
lawry, as it is absurdly called, is pronounced upon
his property, and in all these cases the bill pro-
vides no remedy whatever for the injustice the
courtis called upon to commit. Are wedoinghonor
to thejudicial departmentoftheGovernment when,
seeking to shun the exercise of the war-making
power, we ask them to lend themselves to such a
proceeding? . ,
This is but a mock confiscation. It is unworthy
of the Senate, unworthy of our Government. It is
a disgrace to the ermine. It is seeking to use as a
degraded instrument of violating the Constitution
the courts ofjustice, around whom we ought al-
ways to cling with our best affections, our pro-
foundest respect, and our most vigilant protection.
I will never consent to degrade a court by putting
it in such a position. On the contrary, sir, I would
on this, as on all occasions where theattempt shall
be made thus to dishonor the judiciary—1 would
shout, with an earnest voice, Procul hinc ! procul
este profani /
Why are wecalledupon to vote forso strange and
anomalous a measure? Where, sir, is the neces-
sity for it? Is it not more manly, more becoming
us as the friends of the Union, to walk up faiily
to the question of confiscation, and say,as we may
say with truth, that it is but an ordinary power
of waging war, and that we will resort to it as a
war power, not suffering the judiciary to have
anything to do with it except to try questions that
may arise as to the legality or illegality of the cap-
tures which we may make in pursuance of a regu-
lar"act of confiscation. No, sir; away with all this
shuffling and evasion of the main point in issue,
and let us come up and say war; war to the kmfe;
war to confiscation; war to any extent, tp put
down this rebellion and restore the reign and effi-
ciency of the Constitution. The rebels have held
out to us the glaved hand; they have thrown down
the gauntlet; they have said to us," we are at war
with you; we dare you to the fiSld; we are your
equals and your foes, if we are able we will sub-
vert your Government; wc will demolish your
capital; we will overthrow all your institutions,
and we will treat you as a conquered people if we
have it in our power." To do this, tliey do not
hesitate, and they have not hesitated, to confis-
cate all the property of loyal men that they can
lay their hands on. They have not hesitated to
confiscate the §800,000,000 of indebtedness now
due.from southern debtors to northern creditors.
Have they any qualms of conscience about it?
Do they hesitate about it? Not at all, sir. They
are bold; they act openly and above board. Al-
though their constitution is in precisely the same
language as our own on this subject, I fancy there
are no such debates in their fcohgress relative to
confiscation as are now amusing our public and
detaining us here. There is, sir, something even
admirable in their boldness, and though I most
cordially detest them and their principles, I should
not hesitate to be influenced in my conduct to-
wards them by the old maxim of war, fas est et ab
hoste doceri.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. McDOUGALL,
OS CALIFORNIA,
In the Senate, Jane 11, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration the bill to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, military, and
other puiposes—
Mr. McDOUGALL said:
Mr. President: I have sought to avoid argu-
mentand have asked action, and did hope that the
amendments from the Senate's committee might
be considered, with such objections as Senators
thought it to be their duty to present. I trusted
that the Senate was prepared to act upon it with-
outextended argument. Indeed,althoughaschair-
man of the committee it is my duty to both ex-
plain and maintain the provisions of the bill, I
feci at the present time altogether indisposed to
reason about it, either in gross or in detail. It is
now some ten years of time, during which time 1
have been persistently urging this great measure,
as well here as on the shores of the Pacific. I have
lost faith in talking; I seek action. The action
proposed is requested, I will not say solicited, by
the citizens of the Republic on the western slope
of our continent. I feel further justified in saying
a measure such as this has been for years de-
manded by the nation—East and West. North and
South—its importance,nay, its necessity,Ido not
at this time regard as a fit subject for argumoritin
this Senate.
The measure, as now presented to the Senate,
is substantially the measure of the last Congress
presented by General Curtis, as chairman of the
special committee of the House of Representatives
to that body, and which bill then met with the
approbation of that body, and with the approval
generally of the friends of the enterprise, to make
a railroad across the continent. Wherein the
measure has beer* changed, 1 think ithasbeen im-
proved. I believe I had the honor, in the Thirty-
Third Congress, to present, in the House of
Representatives, the first bill ever brought before
that body proposing and providing for this work.
I have examined all subsequent proposed legisla-
tion, and I think myself altogether qualified both
to assert and maintain that the bill, as now pre-
sented, is by far, the most sufficient, well-con-
sidered, and complete that has been presented for
the consideration of Congress; indeed I may say
that it was with an infinite satisfaction I saw so
complete and perfect a measure upon so complex
and difficult a subject sent from the House to the
Senate. In my judgment, the bill is sufficient for
the great work proposed.
The bill has been before the Senate for some
time, printed, and on the desks-of Senators. Sen-
ators will remember that, at an early day, 1 re-
quested attention to the provisions of the bill, and
stated that I did not propose argument. I desired
action; the action of the Senate forces upon me
more or less of a discussion; but, sir, I trust the
Senate will pardon me if I cannot engage in the
thousandth time made argument on the import-
ance of this groat work to this Republic and the
world; the thought of its magnitude in this as-
pect pains mo; I am not intellectually large enough
to contemplate it,
I will, however, undertake briefly to consider
some of the objections suggested to the bill, and
more especially to the objections as to the pres-
ent propriety of action by the Government. It is
said that we have now pending a stupendous and
exhaustive social war, and that therefore any great
charge upon our Treasury would be unwise. The
substance of this objection grows out of igno-
rance of the bill, that is, if substance can grow
out of ignorance; and I am inclined to think it can,
so far as objections are concerned. The bill does
not charge the Government. To assume that it
does, will be found to be an unconsidered mistake.
The road completed on the plan proposed, must
be a matter of governmental, as well as of general
and particular economy. I am not much in the
habit of dealing in the details of figures, and I
know that figures may be multiplied into the most
magnificent falsehoods, but there is a certain field
within the rules of progression where they may
be relied upon, and I shall undertake to rely upon
elementary and reliable figures.
The bill controls the general direction of the
main line, and it also controls the general direc-
tion and points of connection of the branches.
Maps indicating all the proposed routes within the
scope of the bill were long since printed by the
vote of the Senate. The possible distance of main
line and branches can be very closely approxi-
mated. There can be no estimate of distance and
Government liability which can involve the Gov-
ernment in anything more than the full issue of
bonds, when the road and branches shall have been
completed, of $63,000,000.
Mr. President, it has now to be observed that
no bond can issue until forty miles of the road is
completed and approved; it may be safely pre-
mised that no call for bonds can be made until
some time in the year 1863, and that no interest
can be charged against the Government until De-
cember 31, 38(33. Suppose at that time the enter-
prise has progressed lull up to the terms of the bill
—a supposition which is our hope—the Govern-
mentwill then have loaned her creditto the enter-
prise to the amountof $3,000,000,upou which the
sum of interest will be $216,000, a sum expended
every year for twenty several purposes of no great
or paramount interest. When the road shall have
been completed, assuming the figures and the
bonds issued to be $02,880,000, the maximum es-
timate, and the entire interest will be but $3,773,800
per annum.
I understand, sir, that fo some gentlemen these
figures may seem large; but peimit me to call the
attention of these gentlemen to some facts, prac-
tical business facts. In 1860, General Curtis, as
chairman of the House committee, estimated the
amount paid yearly by the Government for the
transportation provided for by this bill at some
$6,000,000. The present able chairman of the
House committee took occasion to inquire directly
of the Government the exact amountof cost to the
Government for this service, and found it to be(
$7,357,000 per annum, or about one hundred per
cent, more than the full charge of interest against
the Government when the road shall have been
completed. I now call the attention of Senators to
this consideration, or rather to this pregnant fact,
not to be ignored or avoided, that is, that the dif-
ference between interest ($3,773,800) and present
cost, ($7,357,000,) with the five per cent, reserved
to the Government by the bill, would necessarily
pay the Government bonds and interest years be-
fore the Government bonds would mature. I have
stated all I desire to state on the question of Gov-
ernment economy. 1 might say much more, but
think that for the occasion I have said enough;
much more I trust rests in direct suggestion.
I now propose to say something about the econ-
omy of this measure to the nation, the people of
the nation, what is saved to aid in their aggregate
prosperity and progress. I hold in my hand a
statement in round figures which I assure the Sen-
ate I have prepared with some care, and which I
am confident may be relied upon as not incorrect
except in so far as it fails to express the full dif-
ference I propose to state. I shall understate the
case I present by tens of millions.
