1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787
ute their labor with that of the rest of the com-
munity for a national object; but when it comes
to the actual making of the road, it is to be done
entirely by men who think they can make money
by it. It is simply nothing more nor less than
that we are letting out a road. As I said when
this bill was before the Senate at a previous ses-
sion, we provided that fifty per cent, should be
reserved on the whole road. That was the opinion
of the Senate at that time. I verily believe that
I am not speaking for myself alone when I say
that there is a very large number of Senators who
will desire to tell their people "we havesomesort
of security that this road is going to be built,"
and we cannot have it unless there is some reser-
vation of this kind.
Mr. MOIIR.ILL. I am in favor of the princi-
ple of the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, but I think he has got it a little severe on
the road. It seems to me that if thirty per cent,
is reserved on the ends, and twenty per cent, on
the center of the road, it will be sufficient secu-
rity to the public for the enterprise, and will fiot
unnecessarily or unreasonably cripple those who
are charged with the construction of the road.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that I meant to have it understood
that the persons who build this road are not to be
deprived of the interest on the reserved bonds.
The proposition is simply that the bonds shall re-
main until the work is done, but the interest runs
on, and when the whole road is complete, they
receive the bonds with the interest. 1 wish it to
be understood that the amendment does not de-
prive them of the credit to be obtained by that
money, because if they are really going to finish
the road they will have so many thousand dol-
lars on each of the parts they have been building
reserved in the Treasury for them when they
get done, and they will have just so much more
credit to enable them to go on.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is true. But
there is one additional reason why I think the
Government will be secure with a less sum. It
will be seen by a provision of the bill already
adopted that the Government is to preserve to
itself a first mortgage on the whole line of the road
and telegraph, together with the rolling stock, fix-
tures, and property of every kind and description,
so that as fast as the Government advances money
for the construction of this road it has alien upon
it, and it has security to that extent; and unless
there should be an apprehension that the contract-
ors will proceed part of the way and then aban-
don it, or unless there should be an apprehension
that they will squander the means, be unfaithful
about it, I do not see that the Government will be
insecure. Therefore I am inclined to go for a less
sum. it seems to me that to reserve fifty per cent,
of the funds contributed by the Government for
the construction of the road might embarrass the
enterprise. It seems to me that a less sum than
that", with the securities we have, would answer
the purpose. I therefore move to amend the
amendment by striking out " fifty" and inserting
•" thirty." I think twenty-five per cent, enough
on the ends of the road, and I was about to move
twenty per cent, instead of twenty-five, but it is
suggested to me that is an inconvenient percent-
age. Therefore I move to amend by strikingout
" fifty" and inserting " thirty."
Mr. COLLAMER. That is on the ends.
Mr. HALE. Put it at twenty-five the whole
way.
Mr. SHERMAN. If thirty per cent, is now
agreed upon, I suppose it cannot be amended. I
think thirty per cent, is too high. The argument
of the Senator from California is very strong 
Mr. CLARK. This is on the ends.
Mr. SHERMAN. But still, as the purpose
of the Government is to aid in constructing the
road itself, if you withhold thirty per cent, of this
money from the railroad company, you substan-
tially deprive them of the benefit of the use of that
money. The argument of the Senator from Ver-
mont, that this will help their credit, is not a very
good argument, because the loanerof the money,
the person from whom they have to borrow the
money to supply the deficiency, would know of
the doubts about completing the road, and might
infuse to lend just for the same reason that the
Government asks for security.
I look on it in this way: the Government of the
United States deems it its interest to build tliis
railroad, and has made up its mind that it will in-
vest in aid of the road a certain sum of money,
provided it can get the road, and it believes that
under the terms of this bill it can be constructed.
X think it is well enough to reserve a certain per-
centage, partly for security and partly as an in-
ducement for them to complete the road; but you
reserve this money for twelve years, perhaps for
twenty yeais. Itis substantiallydenyingthem the
use of the money when they want it; and when
the road is completed, when their credit is good,
when they will have no more use for it, you will
give them what? An enormous sum of millions
on millions of money. It seems to me the per-
centage is too great.
I think ten per cent, or fifteen percent, is amueh
better security than fifty per cent. I' think some
sum ought to be reserved, and a percentage of ten
or twenty per cent, will be ample for all the pur-
poses; while if you reserve thirty per cent., and
certainly if you reserve fifty per cent., you take
away just that much from the aid you propose to
render the company. The proposition to give
them the balance of this money reserved fortheir
use in twelve or fifteen years is like proposing to
give a man another §100,000 after he shall have
earned §100,000. It would give this railroad com-
pany money when it no longer needs it, when the
road is built, when there is no further object to be
accomplished by the Government in advancing
money. Therefore I would much rather fix the
amount at ten per cent, than fifty.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is twenty-five percent,
on the great body of the road.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Senator to
propose to reserve fifty per cent, on all east of the
hundredth meridian, and twenty-five per cent, on
ail west of that.
Mr. COLLAMER. The twenty-five per cent,
reservation applies to the great body of the road.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think twenty-five per
cent, is too much. I think ten per cent, on one
part, and twenty per cent, on the other will be
about right.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The road which we au-
thorize a company to build is between the one
hundredth meridian and the east line of California.
That is the road we incorporate. All these prongs
and branches are only to enable other companies
to get on this road and connect with it; to make
them interested in the main stem. West of the
Missouri river to the one hundredth meridian the
land is very good. I believe my friend from Kan-
sas will not deny that, so far as it goes through
the State of Kansas and theTcrritory of Nebraska,
the land is very good. •
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to retain-
ing the land as security.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend does not an-
swer my question. Are the lands good for settle-
ment and cultivation ?
Mr. POMEROY. Very good.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the question I put
to the Senator, and upon that I desire to say a sin-
gle word. I undertake to say that where the lands
are good, as they are in Illinois, or Indiana, or
Missouri, wherever you can lay down the track
of a railroad running east and west, if it is not
nearer to another road than fifty miles, it will be
a good investment, and a man who has the money
can build the road for the accommodation of the
people and the carrying of their products, and it
will be a stock above par of itself, if you do not
build too many of them.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I want to
ask the Senator a question. lie has^ asserted a
general proposition: now will he point me to a
single road m the United States of the character
which he describes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend cannot point
me to a single road where there is not another
road running parallel to it either north or south
within fifty miles of it, where the stock is not
above par in any one of those States where the
land is good. The difficulty is that the roads come
within twenty miles of each other, arid there are
so many railroads that they are breaking each
other down. The d.tliculty is not 1 hat a railroad
enterprise is not a good enterprise, but !hey are
running parallel to each other and in competition
with each other, taking each other's business.
When the Chicago railroad first run without com-
petition the stock was one hundred and thirty-
six per cent., and hall" the capital was never paid
in to begin with. So it is with other railroads
where they do not run so near each other to come
in competition and destroy each other's business.
Now, what I desire to say in relation to these
ropds east of the one hundredth meridian, to
which point the lands are good, is that with the
grant of lands these roads ought to be built? and
we not only give them th&grant of lands, but the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont proposes
to give $8,000 per mile in addition. I undertake
to say that upon the good lands of these prairie
countries $10,000 a mile will do very much
towards building and completing the road ready
for the superstructure.
• Now whatis proposed' The proposition of the
Senator from Vermont as it "stood would give to
these branch railroads the grant of the land, which
I believe is ten sections a mile, five sections on
each side, amounting to six thousand four hun-
dred acres of land to each mile, and $8,000 in
money.
Mr. POMEROY. We do notgeta foot of land
except what we get under the treaties in our State
until we run over one hundred miles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The company get all that
is not divided among the Indians, and 1 think the
Leavenworth and Pawnee Railroad Company will
do best when they say the least about the bargain
they made with the Indians on that subject.
Mr. POMEROY. Did not the company pay
§1 25 an acre for the land, which the Government
would not pay to the Indians nor anybody else ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no doubt if my
honorable friend were called upon to appraise the
lands, he would appraise them at five or ten dol-
lars an acre.
Now, I desire the road to be built, and I desire
these branches to be built; but when I see justas
plainly as a man looks through a ladder, that these
outside moneyed men who are interested in get-
ting hold of these branches and buildiug this rail-
road are looking not only to get your lands butto
get your bonds, I want to hold some security over
(hem that will compel them when you come to
build the road where it requires money, when you
come to the pinch, when you come to the desert*
and across the mountains, to put their shoulder to
the wheel and help to carry it through; and unless
you keep a security on these brandies and the men
interested in them, this company will never build
a road to the Pacific. You have got to combine
the interests of these railroad companies and make
it their interest to finish the road. You can best
do it by holding a large security in the Treasury
and keeping a large amount of these bonds to be
given to them when the road is completed. Then
you will get the road through, but I doubt very
much whether you will get it through without. I
say this, not from any unfriendly feeling, to the
road, but if we undertake this thing I want to see
it go through. If we undertake it and pay over
to these companies all the money that is necessary
to build the roads,andgivethem the lands besides,
they will build until they come to the desert ancl
then give up the rest of the road and tell the Uni-
ted States to build it. I think the fifty per cent, is
not too much to reserve east of the one hundredth
meridian, but perhaps fifty percent, is too much
to reserve within the limits of thp State of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest that
I have modified my amendment in that respect so
as to say that the fifty per cent, shall be reserved
on all that part of the road which is west of the
west foot of the Sierra Nevada mountains. I think
that will settle that matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That I think should be
satisfactory to California; and then with a reser-
vation of twenty-five per cent, between the west
foot of the Sierra Nevada and the one hundredth
meridian, I think the proposition is entirely
reasonable.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order to move
an amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthonv
in the chair.) No, sir; an amendment to an
amendment is now pending. An amendment in
the thitd degr e is not admissible.
Mr. HALE. 1 suggest that where various sums
are proposed, the question is first to be taken on
the smallest.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The people I repre-
sent are of the same opinion astlieeonstituentsof
the distinguished Senator from Vermont. We do
