308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[June 30,
3Tth Oong....2d'Sess. Public Debt, Liability, and Expenditures—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Beps.
The present cost and loss of the transportation
of men and merchandise between Boston, New
York,Philadelphia,and Baltimoreon the one side,
and San Francisco on the other, from the best com-
piled statistics, may be stated thus:
Passenger transits both ways, including overland transits,
100,000, averaging $151) per capita ^15,000,OOu
Time of passenger transits, average forty days, _
and counting them as dead labor wbile intran-
sit, and otherwise their average labor worth
two dollars per diem   8,000,000
Freights both ways around the Horn, 215,000
tons, at an average of twenty dollais per ton. 4,200,000
Value of freights both ways, other than gold and
sliver, $110,000,000. On this, by the reason
of twice passing through the tropics, there is,
from leakage, sweating, and other causes, a
loss of not less than seven per cent, not cov-
ered by insurance       7,700,000
Insurance, and gross losses uninsured; that is,
where parties are their own msmers, thiee per
cent..f  3,300,000
Interest on the capital which may be considered
dead while 135 davs in transitu—say t'oui per
cent.      4,400,000
Government transposition, a? stated  7,357,000
fsthmus transportation (excluding passengers)
and insurance on the same  3,250,000
Freights to Nevada Territory, employing 2,000
teams 200 days each year, at a co&tof twenty-
five dollais per team    10,000,000
Passenger transits to and from Nevada  2,500,000
Passengers;md freights to and from Denver and
Salt Lake, estimated without data at...  10,000.000
$75,807,000
Mr. President, it will bo observed that the ag-
gregate of this sum is large, much larger per an-
num than the aggregate of credit we ask from the
Government. Sir, I am confident it is an under-
statement. I will now present another set of fig-
ures; the figures which I think will express the
national or popular difference, as you please, be-
tween the present and proposed cost of transits
and transportation.
The cost of the same business and service by a
continuous lino of railroad from San Francisco to
the point of delivery east, and the reverse, may be
stated thus:
Two hundred and fifteen thousand ton4*, at $30, $6,450,000
Interest on$110,000,000, for ten days, one tlurd
percent     366,666
One hundred thousand passenger transits, at $50
each    5,000,000
Ten days each passenger in transit, loss §2 per
diem  2,000,000
One hundred tonggnld and bi]ver,$300perton, 30,000
Isthmus mercliand isc   1,250,000
Nevada, Utah, and Colorado pashcngeis and
freights, estimated .  2.500,000
Damage and insumnce  l,'60u,000
Government freights and transportation, com-
puted as equal to interest  3,773,800
$33,970,466
The result of these figures presents what may
seem to some a startling result, but permit me to
assure Senators that it is not beyond the bounda-
ries of fact. I state the results, $75,807,000 as the
present charge-, $22,970,466 as the sum of the
charge against the country, its industry and enter-
prise, upon the present scalc of business, if this
proposed measure can be made a thing accom-
plished. The figures show a direct and certain
saving to the national wealth of over fifty million
dollars per annum. I think I might as justly say
$75,000,000, but I dislike to place figures on paper
which I cannot maintain with exactness.
I did not wish to speak, and I am now unwili-
ing to speak at length; but, as I have been forced
to speak, I will make a brief attempt to overcome
what I think an error of opinion on the part of
several Senators, otherwise expVessing a favor-
able opnjion of this measure. They say, or I
understand them to say, that this will not be a
self-supporting road. I am unable to think that
this opinion is chargeable to anything else than a
failure to inquire into the details of the business
before us. The road, its cost, its running cost,
its wear and tear, the business it must and will
command, and the amount of compensation it
may demand—ail these problems lie within the
range of careful approximation. Computing only
the present business as X have stated it, with the
charges i have named, and the gross receipts of
the road would be over $20,000,000; and if gen-
tlemen will examine the tables of the increase of
passenger business* alone, caused by the substi-
tution of railroads for other means of transit,
prepared for both this country and Europe, they
will find the increase to be from four hundred to
fourteen hundred percent. If we should assume
the minimum as the increase by this road, we
would have immediately added to the estimate of
the present business $20,000,000 per annum. In-
deed, sir, it is vain to talk about the business of
this line of transit. Let the line be established.
One road will not do the business; two roads will
not do it; the offered business will demand the
facilities of many lines of road.
Mr. President, if there is one thing mor$ *.han
any other in which this Government has failed in
its great office, it isjw so long delaying this great
work. The examples set us by Russia, France,
and England, even in her distant possessions in
Australia and India, furnish marked contrasts to
our national sluggishness—I think I may say, in a
certain sense—our national timidity. There ap-
pears to be an apprehension that this enterprise is
too gigantic to be undertaken, and particularly at
this time. If Senators will examine the figures and
see what the Government may be required to pay,
and when the payments may be demanded, gen-
tlemen voting appropriations' of $500,000,000 in
a day will, I think, surrender their apprehensions.
Increase of taxation is apprehended. Without
discussing this matter, I will content myself with
quoting a brief paragraph from an eminent Eng-
lish author. Eisdell, treating of the wealth of
nations, as related to taxation, remarks:
"There is one way in whieh taxation may be success-
fully employed as an instiunient for the accumulation of
property and the advancement of national opulence. That
is when its pioceeds, instead of being expended in osten-
tatious, useless, or unprofitable consumption, are applied
to roads, or to pay off a public debt, or construct works of
public utility, winch yield a profit or advantage to the na-
tion equivalent to their cost, or, in short, any other produc-
tive employment. In this way, we have already obscived,
the effect of taxation in enriching a countiy is direct and
powerful."
The soundness of this doctrine is understood
by the intelligent, enterprising, live Governments
of the Old World, and not only understood, but
practiced upon. Now, Mr. President, it can hardly
be required that I should attempt to discuss the
details of this bill; it has been some time before
the Senate and the country. Maps showing the
country and the several feasible lines for a road
were printed by order of the Senate early in the
session. The bill as it passed the House pro-
vided for the commencement of the main trunk
line at the one hundred and second meridian west
from Greenwich, thence west to the Pacific. The
committee of the Senate have reported an amend-
ment starting the main trunk at the one hundredth
meridian, between the Platte river and the Repub-
lican fork of the Kansas. By reference to the
map Senators will perceive that this limitation as
to the point of departure will be about just to the
three great systems centering at St. Louis, Chi-
cago, and running through the center of Illinois,
Indiana, and Ohio. It will also accommodate the
new North west—Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Ne-
braska. Besides, this limitation is perfectly con-
sistent with the engineering problem yet to be
solved, that is, with the extension of the line of
the main trunk either by the South Pass, Fort
Rridger, Denver, or the head of the Arkansas, as
either may be determined most economical or ex-
pedient.
The money and land provisions of the bill are,
I think, well understood. I will content myself
with the confident expression of an opinion, based
upon a careful consideration of the bill, a very
extensive knowledge of the particular difficulties
to be overcome, and some small knowledge of en-
gineering and railroad building, that the measure,
carricd out, is sufficient to secure the speedy con-
struction of the road. I say the speedy construc-
tion of the road, for while the 1st July, 1876, is
the time given, if Ilive so long, I expect to cross
over a continuous line of road from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, central through our States and Ter-
ritories, as early as the year 1870.
1 have not desired to speak on this subject; I
have trusted that Senators had examined the meas-
ure. If explanation is required, I am prepared to
make it. If objection exists in the opinion of any
Senator, of course, they should be presented.
Further than this," I trust the friends of the meas-
ure will be silent, except to vote, f did pot pro-
pose to speak at all, but as far as possible to avoid
all discourse; I have been forced thus far. The
bill and amendments have been carefully consid-
ered by a committee of ten Senators; the report
is fnade, no member of the committee objecting.
i trust the Senate will accept my suggestion,
and permit the amendments to be read through,
and if any Senator wishes to reserve any one of
them, let the reservation be made. When the bill
and amendments have been read through, we will
know where we are, and we shall have made some
progress.
PUBLIC DEBT, LIABILITY, AND EXPENDITURES.
speech
OF
HON. CLEMENT L. YALLANDIGHAM,
O* OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
June 30, 1862.
The House having under consideiation the bill to con-
struct a ship canai for the passage of armed and nayal ves-
sels from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
other pui poses—
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said:
Mr. Speaker: Desiring on Friday last to leave
for home at an early hour this morning, it would
very greatly have suited my convenience to have
addressed the House on that day; but inasmuch
as the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
[Mr. Dawes,] after due deliberation and upon
solemn advice, decreed that it was not in order,
pending a revenue measure, to discuss the general
subject of revenue and expenditures, butonly the
particular items of the bill, I was obliged to re-
main, in order that I might speak to-day.
Of this I will not now complain. It is but a part
of the sum of human disappointments to which
we are all subject.
The bill before us appropriates §200,000, and
pledges the faith of the United States to the ex-
tent of ^10,000,000 more. While, as a western
man, I should gladly support any measure really
and honestly for the interest of the West, I am
constrained to oppose this bill. I am against it,
first, because, in my deliberate judgment, it is
wholly without constitutional warrant. I oppose
it further, because the debt and expenditures of
the Government to-day are too great to justify any
such further assumption of liability as this meas-
ure contemplates. And it is upon this point alone
that I now propose to address the House.
My purpose is not to produce an electioneering
document. At the instance of others, if at all, and
not by any act of mine, shall my remarks of to-
day be published and distributed in pamphlet.
My object is to vindicate the truth of financial his-
tory; to ascertain, as nearly as may be possible,
the actual and full amount of the debt, liability,
and expenditures of the Government—a debt
every dollar of which, fairly and honestly incurred,
must be paid; for kepudution is but treason in
another form.
I desire also to vindicate gentlemen on this side
of the Chamber who have so gratuitously, wan-
tonly, and unjustly been censured and assailed
even to the extent of insinuations against their
loyalty, for but repeating the statements of others
as to theenormo.us expenditures and indebtedness
of the Government. I propose further to justify
by the proof those Republican members of the Sen-
ate and this House upon whose authority we of
the Demociatic party here and through the coun-
try have made the statements which have so
alarmed the Secretary of the Treasury and his re-
taineis. Official accuracy and veracity of any
kind are rare virtues in this day, and wherever
found, are worthy of special commemoration and
praise.
Sir, I see nothing to be gained, but much, very
much to be lost by the vain effort to conceal the
rjjal extent of the public debt and expenditures.
In private life nothing so much indicates and gen-
erally nothing so certainly precedes disastrous
bankruptcy as an attempt dishonestly to cover up
or withhold the true condition of a business man
in embarrassed circumstances. And the same
principle applied equally to a Government.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhefs]
