.806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
, thotitshali not be regarded asaprecedentin regard
to;these orany other roads.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of call-
ing the previous question upon this amendment.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I desire the gen-
tleman to yield to me lor a few moments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I desire to make
a few remarks upon the subjectof this amendment
and the joint resolution reported by the gentleman
from Indiana. I hope the amendment now under
consideration rcpoited by the committee will not
be stricken out*
Mr. Speaker, this is a subject of great interest
to the people of the State of Missouri, and espe-
cially to these two corporations, the Pacific Rail-
road Company and the Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company; and I trust, therefore, that
this House will not vote inconsiderately in regard
to it. The amendment that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] desire to be voted
down simply provides that these roads shall be
allowed payment, not to exceed the charges made
by rail way companies for the tian&portation of pri-
vate freights. All that matter is submitted to the
discretion of the Secretary of War. The limitation
is that these companies for the service of the Gov-
ernment are not to be allowed more than is paid
by private persons for carrying freight; and, as I
have said, the whole matter is to be under the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to offerU very few
considerations why this House should act with
the greatest liberality toward these two railroads,
and I think that I will be able to offer reasons that
will make these two corporations an exception to
the general rule, which the House might other-
wise be inclined to adopt,. The gentleman fiom
Illinois [Mt. Lovejoy] has intimated, as a reason
why this amendment should notbc adopted, that
the Government of the United States has made
large grants of land to these railroads, and there-
fore that the price to be paid to them for transport-
ation, I suppose, should not be as great as it
would be under other circumstances.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman misapprehends
me. My remarks were against the biil generally,
rather than against this amendment. What I ob-
ject to is the establishment of a precedent for pay-
ing these roads fur the transportation of Govern-
ment supplies, when, under their charters, they
agreed to transport them for the Government for
nothing. But, at the same time, I am willing to
vote a sum which will meet the damages suffered
by these roads, especially if they have suffered in
consequence of this war. If that be true, I prefer
to pay a specific sum, rather than to establish a
precedent which will lead to the release of other
roads from their charter obligations to tiunnpoit
the troops of the United States in a time of war,
without any charge. That is my objection, and
in the remarks made by the gentleman he misap-
prehended what I said at first.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I think, if I can
get the ear of the gentleman from Illinois, that I
shall be able, by the presentation of a few facts,
to convince him not only that the original bill is
right, but that the amendment is also right. I
understand the gentleman from Illinois to say that
he is opposed to the payment of these roads for
Government service in the transportation of troops
and Government supplies, but that he is in favor
of a specific appropriation where damage may
have occurred to these roads when in the Govern-
ment service. Now, the question I desire to dis-
cuss,and which I desire this Ilouse to understand,
is, that the Government ought to pay, and ought
especially to pay these two roads liberally, for all
of the service which they have rendered to the
Government. I think that I can present such facts
that will compel the conviction of every man wi thin
the hearing of my voice. There are two compa-
nies interested in this question, the Pacific Rail-
road Company and the Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company. The Pacific Railroad Com-
pany have paid thus far for the road which they
nave built, the main stem and the branches, some
$13,000,000. The Government of the United
States has not furnished any portion of that sum.
This road has been built by means of the corpora-
tion, and the means furnished to the corporation
by the State of Missouri.
Since the commcnecment of thisrebellion—and
the remarks which 1 make will apply to both of
these corporations—since the commencement of
this rebellion these two roads have constantly
been in the service of the Government. When-
ever the call has been made upon them they have
been ready to do the work. In consequence of
that fact, sir, they have lost nearly the whole of
their private business. To be sure the commerce
of that section has been pretty much broken up
by the disturbances in that region, but they have
not been able to do the work which was still left
of a private character in consequence of the urgent
demands of the Government upon them. The
proposition, to my mind, of the gentleman from
Illinois, and to some extent of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in voting down this amendment, is
not only to deprive the roads of the benefit of the
private commerce which would otherwise go over
them, but to refuse to pay them liberally for the
service which they have rendered to the Govern-
ment. That will be the efFcct of their action.
1 have stated that the cost of the Pacific Rail-
road Company was already §13,000,000. I desire
to call the attention of the House to a few facts
in regard to the business of that road during the
last year and during this year, to show how enorm-
ously it has suffered in consequence of the con-
dition of things which has recently existed in the
country. The expenses for operating the road
last year, that is for the year ending the 1st of Feb-
ruary, 1861, were $372,809. The receipts for the
same year were §759,101. The expenses for this
year, ending the 1st of February, 1862, amounted
to §494,000. The receipts amounted to $494,847.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. Docs this item of
expenses include the rebuilding of bridges and
stations ?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I presume not.
I will speak of that matter after a while. The
expenditures this year are $122,177 more, while
the receipts are $267,254 less than they were last
year, showing that, m consequence of the service
these roads have been compelled to do for the
Government, their expenses have been greatly in-
creased, while their profits have been greatly re-
duced. The floating debt of the Pacific Railroad
Company at this timeis about four hundred thou-
sand dollars. In consequence of the non-payment
for the service rendeied to the Government by that
company, they have been unable to pay the oper-
atives upon the road; and the fact exists that the
president of the company, a public-spirited gen-
tleman of ample means, together with the diiectors
associated with him, have extended their private
credit and borrowed large sums of money for the
purpose of keeping this road running, in order to
meet the demands ior service by the Government.
And while they have been thus cramped in their
means large bridges have been burned—bridges
ovei the Lugest nveis in the State of Missouri;
culverts have been destroyed, and the track at
tini'-s has been torn up; and these repairs have
been made, not by the Government in whose ser-
vice they have been for the last nine months, but
out of the scanty means and the boirowed capital
of the president and directois, to meet the exigen-
cies of the Government. 1 ask, then, under tins
state of things, so far as the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany is concerned, is it not right to allow it as
much for the tianspurtation of supplies and troops
as is generally allowed to it for the transportation
of freights for private parties?
The gentleman has referred to the fact that the
Government of the United States has made a mu-
nificent donation of land to these roads, and that
therefore they ought not to be paid for the service
they have rendered the Government. What are
the facts in regard to the donation of lands to the
Pacific Railroad Company ? I wish the House to
understand this proposition. I assert that that
company has never uenvcd any benefit whatever
from that donation of public lands. I state to the
House that the only party for whose benefit these
donations of land in Missouri have inured is the
Government of the United States itself.
To the Pacific Railroad Company, and to the
j Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company, do-
nations of land were made, m alternate sections,
for six miles on either side of these roads. It is
true that the Government raised the price of the
I alternate sections reserved by it to ^2 50 per acre,
j twice the sum at which the land was proposed to
j be sold at the time of the combination, ltis also
■ true that in consequence of these projected roads
the Government sold every foot of land which it
had reserved along the line of the Hannibal and
St. Joseph Railroad Company for $2 50 per acre,
thus receiving for one half of the land as much
as it would have received for the whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. The price fixed at $2 50 an acre,
was fixed in the same bill that made the grant to
this company, and existed at the time that the
condition was entered into by the company to
transport these troops. Now, I would like to
know for what the company sold their lands?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I will answer
that question with the greatest pleasure. I have
shown that the Government received for one half
of the amount of land just as much as it would
have received for the whole; and that it sold the
whole of its lands upon the Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph railroad in consequence of the fact that that
road was projected through those public lands.
The gentleman has asked me for how much the
railroad sold their lands. The Pacific Railroad
Company have sold $152,505 worth of lands—
about seventy-eight thousand acres—averaging
$1 G2 an acre. This is all the land that company
has sold.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentleman
another question. Plow much land do they still
hold?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I can also an-
swer that question. They have sold only §152,505
worth of land, while the expenses of surveying,
marking, locating, and selecting these lands have
actually amounted to about sixty thousand dol-
lars, leaving to the Pacific Railroad Company, out
of the large grant of land made to it, eighty or
ninety thousand dollars. That is all the company
has realized from the avails of these lands.
The gentleman asks me how much land is still
held by the Pacific Railroad Company. I thank
him for propounding that question. It is very
doubtful, Mr. Speaker, whether this company
owns any land at all. It is very probable that
this company will appeal to the liberality of this
House m relation to this very question, for by the
very act making this donation of public lands to
the State of Missouri, to aid in the construction o"f
these roads, there is found this provisions
"And lfhaid road be not completed within ten ycai-3, no
further sate shall be made, and the land unsold shall level t
to the United States."
This act was approved June 1, 1852, and the
ten years will expire on the 1st of June, 1862;
and the result will be that, as this Pacific road
cannot bo finished at that date, as a matter of
course, by the operation of this law, all the lands,
except the $152,505 worth already sold, will ne-
cessarily and by virtue of this law revert to the
Government of the United States. I do not pre-
sume, Mr. Speaker, that the Government will be
likely to enforce this provision of the law. I pre-
I snme, when that company calls upon the Congress
! of the United States, it will act in a liberal spirit
[ in relation to those lands which have reverted to
j the Government at that time. But the answer to
"file gentleman from Pennsylvania is, that as the
law now stands—both the law of the United States
j and the law of tile State of Missouri—this com-
pany is entitled to no lands at all, because the
government of Missouri—it being understood that
the land was granted to the State for a specific
object—passed also a law requiring this road to
be finished to the town of Springfield by the 1st
day of March, 18G1, and if not so finished by
that time, the law provided that the land should
revert to the State, and also that the road should
become the property of the State.
So the House will see that, in this instance there
is a doable reversion; a reveision to the State of
Missomi, which turned over the land to the Pa-
j eific Railroad Company, if not finished in a certain
! length of time—and it will not be—and a reversion
1 to the General Government, because the road can-
not be finished before the expiration of the term
laid down in the law.
So that the effect is, that a donation, intended
to be made by the General Government to this Pa-
cific Railroad Company, as the law now stands,
both of the General Government and of the Legis-
lature of Missouu, amounts hteialiy to nothing at
all. The land will revert oil the 10th of .Tune next
to the Government of the United States, and there-
fore it ought not to be taken into account, so far as
this corporation is concerned, in deciding whether
