1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
it should be paid a liberal compensation for ser-
vices rendered to the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I hope I will not be regarded as
wearying the House while a make a few remarks
in reference to the Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, I wish to say that when this
subject was before the House the other day, I
moved to amend by adding a proviso the effect of
which would be to include in the resolution the
Illinois Central railroad and its branches. I have
confened with gentlemen representing to some
extent the inteiests of that road, and I now am
prepared to ask the consent of the House to with-
draw that amendment from the consideration of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to withdraw it at any time before action upon it.
Mr. KELLQGG, of Illinois. Then I withdraw
the amendment.
M r. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I thank my friend
from Illinois for withdrawing the amendment,
because we desire no conflict whatever with our
friends upon this side of the river. "Wethinkour
claim has much higher merits than that of the Il-
linois Central, bccausc, in fact, that road has re-
ceived not only a much larger grant of land, but
have realized a large amoun t of money out of their
grant.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (EL R. No. 186) to
amend an act entitled " An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontier," approved June 30,
1834; when the Speaker signed the same.
MISSOURI RAILROADS—AGAIN.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I now desire to
make a remark or two in reference to the Hanni-
bal and St. Joseph railroad. A similar grant of
land was made to the State of Missouri to aid in
the construction of that road, running from the
Mississippi to the Missouri river. Those lands
were selected upon that road; and the same re-
marks I have made in reference to the Pacific rail-
road also apply to the Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad—that is to say that the Government sold
the lands reserved by if, at $'2 50 per acre, and
thus realized as much for one half, as it would
have realized for the whole amount of land if it
had been retained by the Government.
I do not know precisely what amount of land,
donated to the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad
Company, has been sold; but it does not exceed
one hundred or one bundled and fifty thousand
dollars worth, as I am informed. That road was
completed, and hence there was no reversion of
the land donated to it to the Government. In
other words, thnf corporation owns some five
hundred thousand acres or more of land donated
by the Government to aid in building that road.
But why have not the lands owned by that com-
pany been sold? I will give you the reason. In
1853 or 1854, the Congress of the United States
passed a graduation act, reducing the price of the
public lands from $1 25 an acie down to twelve
and a half ccnts an acic, the price depending upon
the time the lands had been in the market. The
lands along the line of the Hannibal and St. Jo-
seph road, which were not selected by the road,
had, most of them, been in the market twenty or
thirty years. The result was that the lands,
ranging along side of the lands of that road, were
reduced to puces ranging from twelve and a half
to seventy-live cents an acre, and, as they were
equally good lands, although a little fuither off
than the\\nds of the road, as a matter of course
they were taken up, and that prevented the com-
pany from selling their lands.
The result is, that this company have a large
amount of lands on their hands, if that can be
regarded as of any great advantage in these per-
ilous times. I think myself that the poorest man
in this Government to-day is that man who owns
the largest amount of western lands. I think the
poorest man m the Govcrement is that man who
is blessed with a large amount of real estate that
is wholly unproductive; because, while he receives
nothing from it, he must be enormously taxed for
the purpose of carrying on the operations of the
Government at this time. So that, in fact, it is a
curse, rather than a blessing to the company at
this time that it owns any land at all.
But I have another remark to make in reference
to the Hannibal and St. Joseph RailroadCompany.
If ever there Avas a railroad company upon earth
entitled to full compensation for services rendered
to the Government, this is that company. Why?
For the last eight months that company has been
constantly exposed to the depredations of the
enemy. Almost every week and month large
portions of their track have been torn up; bridges
over most of the streams have been burned, cul-
verts have been broken up, stations and depots
have been burned, and, in fact, I state upon the
authority of a gentleman connccted with the road,
that one man out of every kind of operators upon
that road has been murdered while in the cars dis-
charging his duties to the Government. Firemen
have been shot from the bushes. Engineers,
brakemen, newsboys, and a large number of pas-
sengers have been killed by persons secreted in
the wilderness through which the roads pass; and
will anyone tell me that a road can be run for
eight or nine months under such circumstances,
at as low a cost as can roads running through a
peaceful and quiet country, where all are friendly
to the company and those conducting it? I think
not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If I understand the gentle-
man's argument, it is, that these companies have
made rather a poor bargain. I would ask him
whether these companies are willing to give back
to the Government these lands, provided the Gov-
ernment will release them from the obligation to
carry its troops ?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I have not con-
sulted the companies on that subject, and, there-
fore, cannot answer the gentleman's question.
Upon the Pacific road the lands have already
reverted to the Government, or will do so in a
short time, because it is certain that the road can-
not be finished within the prescribed time. I am
not certain that the Hannibal and St. Joseph road
would not give up the lands, because 1 know they
regard themselves as having made a very poor
bargain.
Mr. Speaker, I would state here that the pres-
idents, directors, and all the employes upon these
two roads arc loyal and faithful citizens of the
Government, and have been from the very start.
The president of one of the companies, a vener-
able and patriotic citizen, residing on the north
side of the Missouri river, was seized, as I have
been informed,at hisown home,insulted, carried
off, and kept for some time as a prisoner of war by
the rebels in that State.
I have two or three other facts, Mr. Speaker,
to present to the House, and then I shall not de-
tain them further. The claim of these roads has
been, I believe, before three committees or com-
missions. First, it was before the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this House, and although that commit-
tee have reported that,under astrict interpretation
of the law, these companies might not be entitled
to compensation, in consequence of the grant of
land which they received, yet they report that it
would be a manifest injustice not to pay them for
the services which they have rendered under the
peculiar circumstances of the country at this time.
The committee on Government contracts have
also reported in favor of paying these roads in the
resolution now under consideration; and I have
the further evidence of the commission now sit-
ting in St. Louis, in regard to Government con-
tracts there, upon this identical subject. Thatcom-
mission,as it is known to the House, is composed
of three able and distinguished gentlemen—Mr.
Holt of Kentucky, Judge Davis of Illinois, and
Mr. Campbell of St. Louis. Their attention has
been especially directed to the equity of the claim
set up by these railroads for payment for Govern-
ment transportation; and 1 ask leave to have read
at the desk a communication addiessed to the War
Department by Judge Davis, the chairman of that
commission, in which it will be seen that, while
they reserve their opinion m reference to the legal
question, or as to the liability of the Government
to pay these roads under the law making grants
of lands to them, yet they say not only that the
Missouri roads should be paid, but that they
ought to be made an exception to any other roads
in the country; in other words, that they ought
to receive a larger sum for the services performed
than is paid to railroads east of the Mississippi
river. I ask for the reading of that communica-
tion.
The Clerk read the communication, as follows;
St. Louis, Missouri, January 31,1862.
My Dear Sir i The late Sccrctary of War airectcd the
commission, now in session in this city, to allow the Illi-
nois Central railroad two thirds of the compensation iixed
by us foi other railroads. The Illinois Centra! railroad, as
you are aware, has a land grant from Congress. The claim
presented before us by that road is a very small one. Their
mam claim for transportation of troops and munitions of
war has been, us we understand, certified by the State au-
thorities of Illinois, and will, I suppose, go to Washington
for adjudication. We supposed that the instructions given
in relation to the Illinois Central railroad were intended by
the Department to be applied by us to all railroads which
had obtained land grants from Congress. The Pacific and
Hannibal and St. Joseph railroads, in this State, are roads
that are in the same category, and we had intended apply-
ing the same rule to them. Vve observe that the Judiciary
Committee of the House reported that, in their opinion, the
land-giant railroads are not entitled to any compensation;
and we therefore concluded that it would be more proper
to await your instructions before finally passing on these
claims.
The commission would state that all railroads west of the
Mississippi are entitled to a higher rate of compensation
than the roads east of the river.
All of the loads in this State have suffered very mucli by
the war. Their budges have been repeatedly destroyed,
and tracks torn up. Besides, their ordinary business has
been wholly suspended. In fact, several of the roads, in
consequence of the inability of the Department to pay for
running service?, have been thinking seriou-ly of abandon-
ing their roads to the Government. We are persuaded that
if the Department refuse to allow the land-grant railroads
in this State reasonable compensation, tlicy will be witf>lly
unable to.do the business ol the Government.
Although we have a decided opinion on the legal ques-
tion, yet we do not foci called upon to express it. If the
Government decide that, according to the letter of the law,
these railroads are not entitled to compensation, then we
think an exception should bo made by legislative enactment
in favor of the roads in this State. Sound policy and the in-
terests of the Government require that this should be done.
We would respectfully ask whether, in this matter of rail-
roads and all other matters, we shall follow the instructions
heiotofore given us by the War Department.
Awaiting your reply, we arc your obedient servants,
DAVID DAVIS,
Chairman of Commissioners.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretaryof War.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, in
order to show to the House the promptness with
which the Pacific railroad has performed its duty
to the Government, I shall ask that a communica-
tion be read addressed to Hon. George R.Taylor,
president of that road, by Captain Lewis B. Par-
sons, who is assistant quartermaster at St. Louis.
The Clerk read the communication, as follows:
St. Louis, February 6,1862.
Sir: I am just in reeeiptofyournotc of this inoining. I
can with pleasure and entire truthfulness say, that during
the time I have had charge of the transportation of this inil-
U«uy dupaitmcnt, thr- Government business on your road,
which has been very large, has been performed with untir-
ing eneigy and extraordinary fidelity, considcitug the great
amount done, and thefrcquent, sudden demands made upon
it. Havinglmd considerable experience in the management
of railroads, I can speak advisedly on this subject.
Very lespectlully, LEWIS B. PARSONS,
Captain and Jl. Q. JUT. in charge of Transportation.
Hon. Ceoroe It. Taylor, President Pacific Railroad.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I reiterate, lest
some gentlemen may not have caught the terms of
thccommunication written by Judge Davis,chair-
man the commission at St. Louis, who are upon
the ground in Missouri and understand all the
facts and appreciate the diflicul ties attending trans-
portation upon these roads, that they recommend,
m view of all the facts, that if Congress should
dccide thatother roads east of the Mississippi who
have received land grants shall not receive pay for
transportation, an exception should be made in
favor of the Missouri roads in consequence of the
peculiar state of things existing there.
I think I have shown sufficiently clearly to the
House that even though they had received these
land grants, they would be entitled to this pay,
even in a state of peace or if the same difficulties
did not surround us. I ask to have read the con-
clusion of the report of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary upon this subject, as to the obligation of
the roads to the Government to transport troops
and munitions of war.
The Clerk read, as follows;
"But while, in the opinion of the committee, such is the
pioper intPipietation of the clauses leferred to, they tru?>t
that they mav he indulged in the suggestion that there arc
eonsideialioiis win* this right should not, in all case?, be
sternlv churned. In every instance where railroads have
been constructed under these land grants, the pnee of the
public lands in their neighborhoods has been suddenly en-
