2?90
■ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
to the fully organized volunteer regiments, I will
go with him; arid I ask him to modify it to that
extent. It will then accomplish the object he de-
sires and which I desire.
Mr. WiCKLIFFTS. I ask to have the privi-
lege of propounding some questions, with a view
of obtaining information in regard to the joint res-
olution' now pending. This is a resolution, I
understand, to advance a portion of pay to the vol-
unteers who may hereafter enter the service of the
United States. I believe twenty dollars to each,
A Member. Only one month's pay.
j Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to know how many
volunteers we have now in the field. According
to the pay rolls of the Army we are now paying
six hundred and ninety-two thousand volunteers,
under the law of 1861.
Mr. OL1N, I believe I have the floor.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. If the gentleman from
New York does not propose to call the previous
question I will not occupy the floor at this time.
1 am not in the habit of discussing public ques-
tions by courtesy, but in accordance with the
rules of the House.
I want to know whether this resolution does not
in fact enlarge the volunteer force of the United
States. We are now paying one hundred and
ninety-two thousand more than the law of the land
authoiizes to be employed. I do not say that we
have too many soldiers in the field; but I do say
that there are one hundred and ninety-two thou-
sand now in the Army and receiving pay when
there is no law for their employment. The Gov-
ernment asked for four hundred thousand men and
we gave it five hundred thousand; and in the law
we prescribed the mode and manner in which those
volunteers should be obtained from the different
States. According to my recollection, they were
apportioned among the several States. For fear
that some of the States might not respond promptly
to the call for volunteers, Congress afterwards
passed—July 31,1861—another law "authorizing
the Secretary of war to reimburse volunteers for
expenses incurred in employing regimental and
other bands, and for other purposes." The other
purposes were these: and 1 desire to call the at-
tention of the House to the phraseology of the
section:
"Sec. Q. Jladheib further enacted. That the President,
in accepting ami organizing volunteers under the act unti-
tled 1 An act to anthoii/.c the employment of volunteers to
aid in enfotcmg the laws and protecting public pioperty,5
approved Juty 22,1861, may accept the service ot wuch vol-
unteers without previous proclamation, and m such num-
bers from any State or States, as m his discretion the public
service may require.'5
' 1 understand the construction has been put on
that, that the Government has authority to accept
one million volunteers. It has already accepted one
hundred and ninety-two thousand more than the
law of 1861 authorized. This resolution, 1 under-
stand, isfor the enlistment of still more volunteers
by advancing to them a portion of their pay. I do
not say, nor do I believe, that the Government at
this time has more volunteers in the field than the
public service requires; but 1 do object to bringing
volunteers into the field in violation of law. To
preserve the rights of the House, at least in form
if not in substance, I had referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs a bill to ratify what
has been done by the Government, and to recog-
nize the volunteers now in the field not covered
by legislation. I do not know what has become
of that bill. If Congress has any right of legisla-
tion, it is to fix the number of the Army. There
is no right in the executive department or any
other department to enlarge the Army beyond
what is allowed by the legislation of Congress.
I do not see how it is possible any man could con-
ceive that under this law I have read, in connec-
tion with the law of 1861, the Government could
enlist any more soldiers; but they have actually
enlisted one hundred and ninety-two thousand
men more than they were authorized to enlist.
Now, 1 want to ratify the enlistment of those men,
and have them employed under congressional
legislation. I want to let the Government know
that when they want to enlarge the Army, or the
volunteer corps, that here is the body to which
they must apply for power, and that they must
not do it under a misconstruction of a law. I put
the question to every member who voted for that
bill, whether he intended by that law to grant the
power to enlist and receive a million volunteers,
or only five hundred thousand.
Mr. OLIN. 1 am not quite sure whether the al-
most necessary courtesy which must be extended
to every man who wishes to interrupt a member
upon the floor, to explain or talk about a measure
under discussion, is conducive very much to the
intelligent transaction of the business before the
House. The gentleman from Kentucky, who has
just taken his seat,and to whom I havejustyielded
the floor, as I always do whenever he desires to
say anything, has talked about everything but the
measure before the House. If the House would
listen a moment to an explanation of the resolu-
tion, I am persuaded they would see that there is
nothing which necessarily involves any contro-
versy whatever; and if the House could for a mo-
ment attend to the business of the House, instead
of doing everything else which can possibly en-
gage its attention, I am persuaded they would act
intelligently upon the subject.
Prior to the July session of 1861, there was a
law upon the statute-book which authorized the
payment of two dollars to any individual who
wouid procure the enlistment of a recruit to the
regular Army. That had been the existing regu-
lation for a long time. By the statute of August
last that law was repealed, and this resolution in
the first place repeals that repealing act; and if
this resolution is passed by the House, it will au-
thorize the payment, by the recruiting officer, to
every person who shall bring an able-bodied re-
cruit to cither the volunteer service or the regular
Army, of two dollars.
A further provision of this resolution, Mr.
Speaker, is that one month's pay in advance shall
be paid to every volunteer in the regular Army
or in the volunteer service. It does not involve
the expenditure of one cent of money over and
above existing provisions of law, but simply au-
thorizes a payment at the commencement of the
month's service instead of at the end of the month's
service. The object of the bill is to encourage
enlistments.
Now, if the joint resolution should pass this
House, the only liability which would be incurred
upon the partof the Government would be thataris-
ing out of that partof the resolution which au-
thorizes the payment of two dollars to every such
person as shall procure the enlistment of a soldier
for the regular Army or for the volunteer service.
This is a measure, as I understand, having the
concurrence of the Secretary of War, and by the
Government, in order to encourage the enlistment
of volunteers to fill up the skeleton regiments now
in service, which arc already, in many instances,
much reduced. It is an important measure.
Everything is important which will facilitate en-
listments at the present time. The question now
is, whether the House will concur in a measure
recommended by; the proper authorities, and to
test that proposition I move the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution, first asking
that the Clerk will again read the resolution, so
that the House shall hear it.
The joint resolution was read again.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. OLIN moved the previous question on the
passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays upon
the passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, ftom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 449) for
the relief of the sufferers by the burning of the
Washington Infirmary on the night of November
3, 1861; and an act (H. R. No. 374) to secure free-
dom to ail persons within the Territories of the
United States; when theSpeakersigned the same.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. HUTCHINS demanded the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the motion to
lay upon the table the appeal taken by the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Malloay] from the
decision of the Chair, upon the report of the com-
mittee on the confiscation of rebel property.
Mr. MALLORY. I would request the Chair
to explain to the House the matter which is before
them for consideration—the point of order, the
decision, and the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question as he understands it. When the select*
committees were called yesterday, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] reported, from
the select committee on the confiscation of rebel
property, a bill, with a substitute, and to that sub-
stitute, lie stated, the committee had instructed
him to report sundry amendments in the nature
of a substitute, satisfactory to the friends of the
bill, naming some of them. The gentleman from
Kentucky on the right of the Chair [Mr. Wick-
liffe] raised the question of order that the com-
mittee, acting under special instructions from the
House, and being a select committee, could not
report an amendment to a substitute which they
were instructed to report. The Chair sustained
the point of order, so that theamendments which
the gentleman from Massachusetts proposed to re-
port from the committee were ruled out of order.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory]
raised another point: that the chairman of the
committee being instructed to report a bill with
amendments, and those amendments ruled out of
order, the report itself should be rejected. The
Chair overruled that point. • From that decision
the gentleman took an appeal. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] moved to lay the ap-
peal on the table.
With the indulgence of the House, the Chair
asks to have read an extractfrom Jefferson's Man-
ual, page 86, not as applicable only to this point,
but for the information of the House in reference
to procedure in amending bills.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The committee may not eiase, Intei line, or blot the bill
iL-elf; lint must, in a paper by itself, set down the amend-
ments, stating the woids which ate to be inserted or omit-
ted, and where, by lefeienee to page, line, and word, of the
bill
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to have
read from the same Manual, page 88, an extiact
in reference to the powers of select committees,
and a construction of the same from Barclay's
Manual.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The repoit being made, the committee is dissolved,
andean act no more without a new power. But it may be
revived by a vote, and the same matter recommitted to
them. [This evidently refers to nselcct connnittco, and
under the practice of the House, a motion to recommit,
decided affirmatively, has the effect ot reviving the com-
mittee.—Barclay Manual, p. 33."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair had the last ex-
tract read, not as particularly applicable to the
Eoint raised by the gentleman from Kentucky,
ut as to the powers of a select committee, and
as the authority that it may be revived by a vote
of the House. The vote in this case, however,
restricted the committee to a particular act, which
the Chair in his first decision yesterday over-
looked. The only question now before the House
to decide is whether the decision of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the House upon
the point of order, that the committee having di-
rected one of its members to repoit a substitute
with amendments, and the amendments being
ruled out of ordei, the committee cannot make a
report, which I believe is a statement of the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallory.]
Mr. MALLORY. My point of order was
stated in writing, and I think the Chair has stated
it correctly, except that my point was that the
chairman of the committee had no right to make
a report without further consultation with or
authority from the committee itself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
point of order read as presented by the gentle-
man himself, and copied into the Journal.
The Clerk read from the Journal, as follows:
"Mr. Mallory made tiie point of order that the chairman
of the select conimitret; having reported the bill and amend-
ments by instruction of the committee, and the amend-
ments having been decided out of order by the Speaker, it
is not in t>rder for the chairman to withdraw the amend-
ments, the bill and amendments being the report of the
committee."
