1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make the point
that the resolution is not in order under the fol-
lowing rule:
" 62. If a member be called to order for words spoken in
debate, the person calling hiro to order shall repeat the
words excepted to, and they shall be taken down in writing
at the Clerk's table; and no member shall be held to an-
swer, or be subject to the censure of the House, for words
spoken m debate, if any other member has spoken, or other
business has intervened, after the words spoken, and befoie
exception to them shall have been taken."
And then, on motion of Mr. SHEFFIELD, (at
five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 25, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
REBEL PRISONERS AT CAMP CIIASE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Ohio, relative to the rebel
officers in Columbus and Camp Chase prison. I
ask that they may be read, and I shall then make
a statement m regard to them.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Joint Resolution relative to rebel officers in Columbus and
Camp Chase prison.
Whereas the feelings ot the loyal people of Ohio have
been outraged by the appearance in the stieets of their capi-
tal, of rebel officers in jebel uniforms, released on paioh:,
and by the fact that rebel prisoners in Camp Chase prison
have been peimitted to retain and use their former slaves
as servants, thus piaetically nullifying our State constitu-
tion by allowing slavery in Ohio ; and whereas said matters
ate not under the contioi of the Governor or State authoi-
ities; Theiefoie,
Rcsolred by the General Jlsscmbly of the State of Ohio,
That iti the name of the people of Ohio, who have finely
given their treasure and ftieir blood to sustain the Govern-
ment and the Union, we do most solemnly protest against
this mistaken clemency to the guilty, and this outiage upon
the feehng> of the loyal people of Ohio.
Resolved, That a copy hereof, together with a copy of the
report ot said selcet committee, be forwarded by the Gov-
ernor to the President of the United States, the (secretary
of War, and our Scnatois andRepiesentatives in Congress.
JAMES It. IIUBBELL,
Speaker of the House of RcpT csentativcs.
JAMES MONROE,
President pto tempoi e of the Senate.
Passed April 8,186-2.
Mr. SHERMAN. These resolutions are ac-
companied with a report, an extract of which I
read in the remarks i made the other day on the
bill to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia.
I would present them without any observations
but for a note that appears annexed to the resolu-
tions, signed by the Governor of Ohio. This
makes it necessaty for me to make an explana-
tion in regard to them. 1 will ask the Secretary
to lead the note signed by the Governor.
The Secretary read, as follows :
Executive Chamber.
In communicating the above resolutions, n is due to
Colonel Moodv, the commander of Camp Chase, that I
state that the Legislature Jaboied under a mistake m sup-
posing that the rebel prisoners were peimitted to retain and
use their former slaves as servants. It is also due that I add
that by a \ote of 41 to 26. the House of Representatives m
fown leeonsidered their action.
DAVID TOD,
Governoi of Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order that the matter
may stand correctly upon the record, and the pre-
cise facts be understood, I will state thatafter the
resolutions I have presented were adopted, and
after the time for reconsideration had passed, it
was believed that these resolutions reflected un-
justly upon Colonel Moody. A motion to ic-
consider was made in the House of Representa-
tives and was adopted by a majority of the House;
but as the time for reconsideration had passed,
the Presiding Officer of the House deemed it his
duty to annex his signature to the resolutions, and
they are therefore presented here in that form.
There is no doubt about the leading facts stated
in the report. No one questions the main facts
contained m the resolutions or report, except so
far as they affect Colonel Moody, who was, and
still is, the officer m command at Camp Chase.
The negroes referred to were sent with their mas-
ters to Columbus. They were placed in his charge
as prisoners. He had to take care of them. He
was not in fault, therefore, in anything that was
done. But as the resolutions declare that Colonel
Moody permitted these slaves to be held by their
masters in Columbus, it was believed that this
was a statement that was not correct; Colonel
Moody had no control over the matter except to
keep safely the prisoners intrusted to his custody.
I have a letter from the chairman of the committee
who framed the report, and who also framed the
resolutions. In justice to him, I will read the
greater part of the letter:
li Nobody pretended to deny the correctness of the report;
but, on the contrary, Colonel Moody and the other officers
at the camp, to different members of the House, admitted
its correctness in every particular.
" But a telegram from the War Department, at Washing-
ton frightened Colonel Moody, and he importuned his
friends to reconsider the vote by which the resolutions were
adopted, hut merely for the purpose of changing a single
word,'permitted,* which he thought reflected upon him."
**********
" In the discussion one or two members did call in ques-
tion the truth of the report, buteven then and there Colonel
Moody again admitted it tiue and correct m every particular.
During the week a Major Jones came from Washington,
and it was reported, examined the prisons, and etpresscd
himself as finding ' all ri^ht.* His visit was made nearly
ten day* after ours. He may have found things right, but
if he did they must have been much changed since our
visit. Or, we may differ as to what is ' all right,' for 1 hear
thattheyWt the slaves m the same prison" with their mas-
ters ; and it so, it follows, as a matter of course, that the
master will continue to assume the right to command, and
the slave, from torce of habit, continue to seive as befoie.
Why confine these negroes with their masters, unless to
permit a continuance of the evils of which we and the peo-
ple all over the State so much complain ? It must have been
designed; why else should it happen that in no case has a
slave been placed in a diffeient prison from his master? It
is the concunent testimony of both the officers and the ne-
groes, that none of these slaves were in arm5, nor even vol-
untarily in the rebel army. Ought they to be confined at
all? If necessary, why not confine them in a separate
prison, and so prevent the possibility of any such abuses?
" I would be giad to believe that all is now risjit; that
Major Jones found no such outrages as we did. It would
be strange if, af'tei the indignation expiessed by the press and
the people, some change h.id notbeen made. Rut wo ought
to have had tiie oppottuinty of accompanying the major.
We could have pointed out what we conceived to be wrong,
and directed him to oui souices of information on seveial
of the subjects. Rut this was not granted. Nor did we even
have an opportunity to sec him on the subject.-1'
"No matter has occurred for along time which has caused
such a piofound sensation all over the State. As to con-
duct of the rebel officers in Columbus, the facts stated in
the leport are known to everybody theie, and have nevei
been questioned.
As to slaves in prison, I examined the case as I would
have done in law piactice,and only came to my conciu-ion>
afiergetung all the tcMimonyfrom all thesourcc- possible.
My tellovv committeemen did the same, and our joint con-
clusions are true beyowl all qucstioa
There is no doubt about certain facts: that the
negroes were brought to Columbus as prisoners;
that they were put m the same prisons or the same
barracks with their masters; that they were sep-
arated from the privates and left with their mas-
ters, and by their custom and habit continued to
serve their masters. Tins was continued until
some time after this report was made to the Legis-
lature, and after the Legislature had taken the
matter in hand, and passed these resolutions. The
on I y controversy that ever occurred about it was as
to whetherColonel Moody, who is a colonel of one
of the regiments of Ohio volunteers, was at fault.
I believe the Legislature and public opinion in
Ohio exonerate Colonel Moody from all blame.
The negroes were brought there as prisoners and
he had to take care of them. And I believe no one
blames the Governor of Ohio. He was the exec-
utive officer of our State, having no control over
Camp Chase, having no authority in the matter.
No one should blame him, although he seems a
little sensitive on account of the passage of these
resolutions. The officer who took these negroes
as prisoners and sent them to Camp Chase at the
expense of the Government, whoever he may be,
is at fault in this matter.
Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts. Who washer
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know who he was.
Mr. GRUMES. I desire to ask the Senator
from Ohio whether any steps have been taken, to
his knowledge, to set these colored persons tree
; under the act of Congress passed in August last.
| l suppose under that act they become entitled to
1 theii freedom, having been captured in the service
1 anil rendering service to our enemies tn the field,
j Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot answer the Sen-
j ator's question. I have no information about it.
■J 1 know the Legislature was very indignantabout
:j it, but up to the last information 1 had on the sub-
,! ject, the negroes were still held there,
i | ' Mi. GRIMES. And this Major Jones, one of
;j theinspectorsoftheXJnited States Army, reported
ji everything right after having examined this state
|! of facts and found them to exist, as I understand
:! the Senator?
i! Mr. SHERMAN. And ten days after the re-
|; pert was made to the Legislature of Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These reso-
lutions will lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Before the
subject passes away, I hope the Senate will indi-
cate some action in the matter. It seems to me
these persons are entitled to their freedom, and all
the Government has to do is to execute the law
of Congress. If it is not done, I think we ought
to let the Government know that we expect to have
it done. I am not ready to make any motion in
regard to the matter this morning, but I shall call
it up early in the next week, unless these persons
are discharged.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts is doubtless aware that the
presentation of resolutions from a Legislature pre-
sents no question for the action or consideration
of the Senate except a motion to refer. A motion
to refer would open the whole question to debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I give no-
tice that on Monday morning I shall move the
reference of these resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will lie
on the table and be printed in the meanwhile.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that the republic of
Liberia may be recognized and treated with as
an independent nation by the Government of the
United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of Kiler K.Jones,
lieutenant colonel of the fifteenth regiment Wis-
consin volunteers, who was mustered out of ser-
vice by order of the Governor of Wisconsin with-
out a trial, praying thfft he may be restored to his
command; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of G.
W. H. Gilbert and others, citizens of Peoria
county, Illinois, praying for the construction of
a ship canal between Lake Michigan and the Mis-
sissippi river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Wil-
liam Kellison and others, citizens of Benton
county, m the State of Iosva, praying for the con-
struction of a ship canal between Lake Michigan
and the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affaiisand the Militia.
He also presented the petition of H. Green and
others, citizens of Chickasaw county, Iowa, pray-
ing for the construction of a ship canal between
Lake Michigan and" the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. KING. I present resolutions of the House
of Assembly of the State of New Yotk, which I
ask may be read and referred to the Committee on
Military Affaiis and the Alilitia.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Asscmbiy Chamber, Albany, Jipril 19,1869.
On motion of Mi. Dewey, the following preamble and
resolutions were unanimously adopted:
Whereas there aie on tile in the Comptroller's Office of
the State of New Yoik, sunihy claims ofsoldieis of the war
of 181:2-13-14, for clothing worn out in the service of the
United States, for aims used and lost, and for equipments
and unavoidable expenses in said war, a laige proportion
of which chums have been duly audited and revised by the
proper authorities of this State •. Now therefore,
Be it t esolved, That the Representatives of this State in
both Houses ot Congress be requested to obtain, at the
cailie-t pos-ible day, an acknowledgment by the General
! Government, of its obligations to refund to this Slate any
■ advances that it may make m payment of all just demands
:: made by the soidieis of this State whoserved in its defense
'1 dutm£ the l,i<-t war with Great Butam.
, Resolved, That the Clerk of this [louse transmit a copy
': of tins pieamble and resolution to each member of Congress
irom this State.
j: By order of the Assembly.
ji J. B. CUSIIMAN, Clerk.
li The resolutions were referred to the Commit-
jj tee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
!j REPORTS FllOJI COMMITTEES.
!| Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
!' Committee on Military Affaiis and the Militia, to
|j whom was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No.
; 63) authorizing the payment of certain moneys
; heretofore appropriated for the completion of the
\\ Washington aqueduct, reported it with an amend-
;j merit. . *
!■ He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 97) to provide for the
reorganization of the medical department of the
