810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
" A message was received from the Senate of the
United States, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
notifying the House that that body insisted on
the amendments of the Senate to the civil appro-
priation bill disagreed to by the House, and asked
' for a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses; and that it had
appointed Messrs. Pearce, Clark, and Doo-
little the managers at said conference on its
part.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI—AGAIN.
. . Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. All the Govern-
ment supplies,which have gone West since these
roads have been built, have been carried by them.
They have carried over these roads all the freight
for our forces in New Mcxico, and for our army
in Utah. Yet the Government never thought of
exacting this service from these companies. The
Government did not suppose that it had ever en-
tered into any such contract. The language of
the section is borrowed from bills which Congress
used to pass in reference to turnpikes and canals
which were public highways, and upon which
the Government was allowed, without toll, to
drive its own wagons, or run its own canal boats.
The Government is permuted to go through the
Illinois canal with its boats free of toll. The
"grant to that canal I have no doubt is in the very
same woids of this act. The Government can
carry its own supplies in its own boats. That is
the intention of the act, and it could, have intended
nothing else. What railroad company would
ever have undertaken to make such a contract as
this is construed to be? It could have not been
intended that the locomotives and cars of the com-
pany should bo used by the Government without
charge. It would swamp any corporation to com-
pel it, free of charge, to cairy the troops and sup-
plies of the Government at this time.
Mr. HOLM AN, Does the gentleman not re-
gard the rolling stock, and the cars,&c., as part of
the road?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not regard the
cars as any part of the public highway.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg to ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether it 1ms not been decided,
both by the State courts and by the United States
courts, that the rolling stock, and everything con-
nected with a railroad, make up the real estate of
the road
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am not as familiar
with the decisions of the courts as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. But I look at the common
sense of this thing. Did the Government by that
same language m turnpike and canal acts claim to
exact any such service at the hands of the turn-
pike or canal companies? Shall the construction
be allowed to prevail for which gentlemen contend
when it is churned that the Government made to
these roads a munificent grant of public lands ? ,11
would be an net of swindling to exact the^r condi-
tions from these roads, in my judgment. Nobody,
at the time the.se giants were passed, pietcnded
that they could carry any such meaning.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that it is a hai dship against
equity and contrary to the practice of this'Gov-
ernment; and it stakes me that the House of Rep-
resentatives will never be willing to exact from
these persons such hard conditions. For, sir, the
construction placed upon this act will not be borne
out by the language of the act itself, it is against
the practice of the Government and against the
terms upon which these grants were accepted. I
undertake to say that the practice of the Govern-
ment under similar acts is against the construc-
tion of this act which gentlemen have proposed.
The language of this act was borrowed from the
bills for turnpike and canal projects of former
times; similar language exists now in the acts
which granted lands to the Michigan and Illinois
canal. Yet the Government has never made any
such reclamation upon that canal. The Govern-
ment had the right to roll its wagons over those;
turnpike roads, and to earrv freights m its own
boats upon those canals. 1 say dint that practice
of the Government prior to the acceptance of the
land grants to these roads mustbe taken into con-
sideration. That in good law,and Idonotknow
whethet th<> district court of Pennsylvania has
ever decided otherwise. It is provided that such
roads shall be and lemain public highways for the
use of the Government. The Government can
use the roads if it chooses to buy its own cars and
to pay the men who run them. The Government
can use them as public highways, with its own
cars and its own operatives. That is the construc-
tion of the law. That is the construction which
was placed upon the language before these grants
of land were made. It is the construction ac-
cepted by the Government, and placed upon sim-
ilar acts made prior to the passage of this act,
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I would like to call
the attention of the gentleman to the language of
the act in a subsequent section. In section six it
is provided that the United States mails shall at
all times be transported upon said roads under the
direction of the Postmaster General, at such price
as Congress may by law direct. I understand the
gentleman to argue that the language that these
roads should be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government free of toll in the trans-
portation of troops of the United States is little
more than an accident, and that it has crept into
these acts from the old turnpike and canal grants.
I now call his attention to the distinction between
the provision for the transportation of troops and
the provision for the transportation of the mails.
In the one case it is provided that it shall be free
of toll, and in the other that it shall be at such
price as Congress may direct.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Well, sir, I simply
make this point upon the gentleman, that the sec-
tion he has lead proves conclusively the correct-
ness of the views I hold; because if it were in-
tended that the Government property should be
carried over the road free of toll, there would have
been no provision made for a payment, under an
act of Congress, for carrying the mails.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether it is not more likely that it was
the intention of the law-making power to discrim-
inate between the two kinds of transportation, for
the reason that the tiansportation of the munit ions
of war and troops of the United States was m itself
an occasional service simply, while the other was
a constant and continuous service; and that con-
sequently it was the intention of Congress in mak-
ing that grant to reserve the right of the Govern-
ment to transport its property and troops free of
toll or other charge, while it was willing to pay
such price as might be fixed by Congress for the
transportation ot the mails.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not sec any-
thing m the language of the section which we
have been discussing, which bears out the gentle-
man's construction at all. That the road shall
remain a public highway for the transportation
of the troops and munitions of war of the Gov-
ernment, without toll or other charge for the use
of the highway, I admit; but, as I have already
argued to the House, the rolling stock, the en-
gines, and the cars of every kind and description,
cannot be converted, by any kind of ingenuity,
into <t public highway. They aie not the public
highway, or any pait thereof—and it is the pub-
lic highway that is spoken of here.
But I say further, that the construction I have
placed upon this clause, is the construction which
the Government has always placed upon it, and
never has it been claimed otherwise until very re-
cently, when it was found that the transportation
of the Government required the entire use of these
lailroads, and when it amounted to a sum in-
finitely mm e, in the few months that the Gov-
ernment has used the roads, than the roads ever
received from their land grants from the Govern-
ment. Now I want to know if the Government
im going to exact such a claim?
Mr. PORTER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he does not know that in all the debates
upon the railroad grants it never was once ques-
tioned; but, on the contrary, was constantly as-
sumed, that it would be incumbent upon these
companies to furnish the means of transportation,
and themselves to tiansport the troops and muni-
tions of war of the Government free of toll or other
chaige whatsoever.
The act of September *30, 1850, granting lands
to Illinois, which was the first act making a rail-
road grant that was passed by Congress, is under-
stood to have been framed by Mr. Douglas, who
introduced the measure into Congress. On the
29th of April, 1850, when the bill was under con-
sideration in the Senate, Mr. Biadbury moved an
amendment to limit the grant of lands to the alter-
nate sections within six miles of the road not al-
ready sold. Mr. Douglas, after remarking that
if the amendment should pass, he did not know
whether he should vote for the bill, and that he
should hardly regard it as worth contending for,
said:
" It [the land] is granted on condition that we make and
complete a raihoad the whole length of the route, and put it
in opeiation withm a period of ten years; and on the further
condition that we transport over it the Government troops
and Government pioperty of every kind fiee; and fuither,
that the mads shall be carried at such price as Congress shall
prescribe."
Mr. Moore, of Louisiana, who himself had in-
troduced a bill to grant lands to that State to con-
struct a railroad, in the debate on the Missouri bill,
said:
"Here we say to the State of Missouri, make this road
through your country, transport our troops and supplies, and
we will give you every alternate section of land,55 &.c.
I say it was never questioned, but that it was
always assumed that it was incumbent upon these
railroad companies themselves to furnish the cars
and means of transportation.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will say to the gen-
tleman that the extracts he has read are very far
from carrying: out what he claims in that debate.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman will per-
mit me to make a single suggestion. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Porter] has probably
quoted the debate correctly; but, as I understand,
the question which is now presented to the House
was not then under debate. That the Government
.had the right to claim a transportation of its troops
and munitions of war over these roads free of toll
or other charge there is no doubt; but it is a mon-
strous doctrine, as I think, to claim that when she
does so transport she is to make the roads them-
selves do it at their own expense, and furnish the
labor, cars, and everything of that kind.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 desire to say that
when gentlemen see how Judge Douglas makes
use of the expressions quoted by the gentleman
from Indiana, every gentleman will perceive on the
instant how loose the expression was upon which
the gentleman p red icates his views of this question.
Judge Douglas said:
"We will make the road, and transport over it the Gov-
ernment troops and Government pioperty of eveiy kind
flee.''
I leave it to any candid man in the House to say
whether thatexpiesMon mightnotapply to thefact
that the road would furnish the track upon which to
make the transportation of the Government, and
whether it would not be straining the languageto
place upon it the construction sought to be placed
upon it by thcgentlcman from Indiana? I ask him
why, from the very first time one of these railroad
bills was passed, theGovernment has never claimed
nor exacted any such condition from any railroad
company as that which is sought to be exacted
from these railroad companies?
Mr. POUTER. I will reply to the inquiry of the
gentleman by reading the answer to Mr. Dayton,
of New Jersey, to the remarks of Mr. Douglas,
which I have quoted:
" But what is this tiling? The compulsory conveyance of
troops and munitions ot war. What will that amount to ?
Compulsory to cairy the United States mail for a sum which
the Government of the United States Miall pio&oribe! The
United States will pay a fair price lor it. Every man knows
that the Government will not act meanly and niggardly, and
thr only good contained in the piovision is to prevent any
act of extortion from 1 he Government."
That is just what we are now claiming; not that
the Government shall act meanly and niggardly,
but that we shall maintain the right to enforce the
conditions when we choose, so as to prevent these
roads from practicing any extortion upon theGov-
ernment m the transpoitation of its troops and
stores.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am as much op-
posed to any extortion by any of these railroad
companies as the gentleman himself is; and it is
not pretended by anybody that they have intended
to practice extortion. The Government has never
claimed any such effect of the condition imposed
upon the railroads; and if they thought they had
it, they have never enforced it as against any rail-
road up to the present time, that I ever heard of;
and it is a remarkable thing that if the Govern-
ment had that right, theyshould never,upto this
time, have discovered it. And yet gentlemen go
back to the debates of the character to which the
gentleman from Indiana has referred, and extract
from it such loose expressions as were then used,
when this question was not specifically brought
