1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
Army, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, Congress havingacted on this sub-
ject; which was agreed to; and, on his motion,
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 66) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to discharge contractors with his Depart-
ment when they have furnished the amount esti-
mated in their contracts, and fifty per cent, addi-
tional, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Joseph
Knox Boyd, ©ne of the surviving captors of the
THpolitan frigate Philadelphia, praying remu-
neration for his services at the recapture of the
Philadelphia in the year 1804, reported it with a
motion that it* be indefinitely postponed; which
was agreed to.
PRESTON STARRITT.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the petition of Pres-
ton Starritt, a messenger of the Senate, claiming
pay which he asserts to have been illegally with-
held from him, have instructed me to report two
resolutions. Of course they can be taken up when-
ever it is the pleasure of the Senate to do so. I
think they ought to be disposed of, because they
involve simply a decision of a question of law.
The resolutions reported by the committee are
as follows:
Resolved, That Preston Starritt having been appointed a
messenger of the Senate by a resolution passed February
17, 18.57, *luntil otherwise ordered by the Senate," remains
an officer of tiie body until death, resignation, or removal
by its order.
Resolved, That the order of February 17,1857, be, and the
--nine i-, hereby rescinded, and the office created thereby
vacated.
The resolutions lie over, under the rule, for
consideration.
BILtS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2S3) to quiet land titles in the State of California;
which Wcis'read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
284) to incorporate a bank in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mi. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 285)
(•oncoming private actions against public officers;
winch was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2^0) supplementary to the act passed the 30th day
of April, A. D. 1790, entitled " An act for the
iiiiiishment of curtain cumes against the United
Ssates;" which was read twice by its title.
Mr. COWAN. I move to refer this bill and
.ill other bills now before the Senate for the pun-
ishment of rebels and the forfeiture of fbeirprop-
erty, to a select committee of five, to be appointed
by the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from Pennsylvania if
he includes in his motion the confiscation bills, so
denominated, now before the Senate?
Air. COWAN. I will read the motion as 1
have drawn it. That all the bills, substitutes, and
ampndments relating to the punishment of rebels
•tnd the forfeiture or confiscation of their prop-
erty he referred to a select committee of five to
examine and report upon the same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is not in order
to refer bills that are not under consideration.
The bills are not up at this hour; and a motion to
lefer a bill that stands oil the Calendar a special
._> der at one o'clock, cannot be made at this hour,
i Huppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
will more ptoperly come up when the bill is taken
up at the hour for which it is especially assigned
for consideration.
Mr. COWAN. I have no objection to defer-
ring the motion to a time which is proper.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO CHINA.
The hour of half past twelve o'clock having
arrived, the special order for that hour was called
up, and the Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 75) to establish a line of steam
mail ships between San Francisco, in California,
and Shanghae, m China, touching at the Sand-
wich Islands and Japan.
Mr. CGLLAMER. When this bill was up the
other day, I suggested that a vote should not then
be taken. I had heard other gentlemen say they
desired to speak upon it. I have no wish to speak
upon it. I will merely say that I doubt the pro-
priety of again establishing a policy of this kind
in the present condition of our country.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the second
section of the bill by striking out the words " they
shall each be commanded by a lieutenant of the
United States Navy."
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I feel constrained to say a word
or two on this subject, inasmuch as the bill was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
the committee reported against the bill at this time.
The committee did not go into an examination of
the matter in regard to its relation to commerce
and the postal facilities which this line will furnish
to the country; but taking that view of it which
made the reference of it to the Naval Committee
appropriate, they thought that it was not expe-
dientatthepresenttime to recommend the passage
of such a bill. The second section, it will be seen,
is the one that refers to that matter; and it pro-
vides—
"That these mail steam vessel* shall be appropi lately
armed and equipped as war steamers, in such manner as
the Secietary of the Navy may direct; they shall each be
commanded by a lieutenant of the United States Navy"—
which latter clausc has been stricken out—
"and while employed m eair> mg the mailt*, as herein pro-
vided, they fhall he required to protect commerce in their
route between Shanghae and San Franei?>co, in the same
manner a& if the taui vessels were wholly devoted To that
service.5'
I need not say that since this bill was first in-
troduced, events which are familiar to all the Sen-
ate have produced as total a revolution in regard
to the subject of naval warfare by steam vessels
as ever has been known in any department of gov-
ernment from the foundation of the world, and
what might have been considered appropriate and
requisite and pioper three months ago, would be
considered, perhaps, as absurd at the present time.
The committee did not, as I said at the outset, deem
it their duty to inquire paiticularly in reference
to the commercial or the postal relations which
this line, of steamers was to have to the interests
of the country, but simply in regard to this latter
subject; and the committee believed that in that
connection it was not worthy the support of Con-
gress. They came to that conclusion before the
revolution ot which I have spoken in public senti-
ment had occurred. Since that has occurred, it
seems to me that all the reasons which influenced
the committee m their decision are infinitely
stronger than they were before, and that the at-
tention of the Navy Department in this hour of
the country's emergency and in this crisis of na-
val warfare, its energies and resources, should
not be directed in any manner to the construction
of vessels of this character. It was for these rea-
sons that the committee were opposed to the adop-
tion of this system then, and are opposed to it as
such now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordeiing the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 97, nays 13; as follows:
YFiAS—Anthony, Biowning, Carhle, Cowan,
Davit, DoohttU, Ilrndeison, Howard," Lane of Indiana.
Lane ot Kans-a-, Latham, MeDougall, A'esmith, Pomeioy,
Powell, Rice, Piiul-buiv, Simmon-, rit.uk, Smnnei,Thom-
son, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiiley, Wilson of Massachusetts,
Wil-on of Mi-.-ouu. and Wright—c27.
NAV'd— Me—r-. Chandler, Collamer. Dixon, Fessenden,
Foot, Fosfci. Giiiue-, Hale, Howe, King, Morrill, Shei-
inan, and Wilmot—J< .
The bill was read a third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass r''
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill. It may be
considered a very impertinent remark, but I must
say that I can hardly suppose the Senate under-
stood, especially the members of the Finance
Committee, what they were voting for. This bill,
in the present stage of our finances, makes a pos-
itive requisition upon the Government, not only
authorizes, but directs, the Government to pay
$500,000 a year to establish a line of steamships
under the Post Office regulations, at a period when
we need all the money we can get by any possi-
bility to carry on the war, and when it is not to
be supposed that any income whatever can come
from it under the Post Office regulations. There
is no Post Office business for this line to do; but
it is to be established under the pretense of postal
regulation, when we have abandoned that whole
system on the Atlantic coast, where commerce,
to a great extent, is carried, and where, if any-
where, we suffer from the competition of English
steamers. The system has been tried and aban-
doned, and we have come to the plan of giving
nothing whatever in the shape of subsidies except
the postages. We abandoned the system which
is now proposed to be again inaugurated after a
deliberate trial, when our Treasury was full, when
we had ample ability to sustain it; and yet, in this
stage, where no postages and no income of any
consequence at all can be expected under the
Post Office regulations, it is proposed to establish
this new line of steamships. 1 have said before
that at a proper time, and when our Treasury
could afford it, I might be in favor of the system;
but at present I conceive it to be a matter that is
fraught with very great danger.
I made all the remarks that I had to make upon
it the other day, by way of argument and sug-
gestion. If the Senate differ from me, I submit
with all the grace that I can. I must do so; but 1
want it distinctly understood by everybody what
the measure is. I cannot say that I am surprised
atanybody's vote, because everybody else knows
just as well as I do how to vote. 1 do not pretend
to dispute that; but I am surprised at the mem-
bers of my committee, who know what difficulty
we have to get money, even for the current ex-
penses of the day, voting in favor of this bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to say one wordln
explanation of my vote. I know it has got to be
somewhat of a habit for gentlemen to question
the ability of the people to support the Govern-
ment of the country. I have never entertained
exactly the opinion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance about the deplorable condition
of the finances of the country. I vote for this
bill because I think its object a laudable one, that
1 would vote for at any time, that I have been in
favor of for the last twenty years.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As the chairman of the
Committee on Finance has stated his conclusions,
and the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs has stated his, allow me to say that I have
not discussed this question on the floor for the
reason that I sought action and did not want to
delay it; but I wish to say here that this is a meas-
ure not to take money out of, but to put money
into the Federal Treasury; this is a measure not
to weaken the strength of the Government, it is
to give it strength. If there is any field of enter-
prise that demands the attention of the Federal
Government, so that we may be strengthened in
commercial relations, by finding a market for our
manufactures, it is China at this present moment,
and the time when we can seize an advantage
should not be lost.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I voted in the minority and there-
fore cannot make a motion to reconsider; but if
some gentleman who voted in the majority would
move a reconsideration of the engrossment of the
bill, 1 should like to submit another amendmentto
be acted upon.
Mr. WILKINSON. To accommodate the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, I move to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed for a
third reading,
Mr. HALE. I will state to the Senate that my
only object is to move an amendment, to the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator state
the amendment he desires to offer?
Mr. HALE. I will state it so that the Senate
can vote understanding^ on the motion to recon-
sider. I want to move an amendment to strike
out the second section. That is a naval matter
entirely, and the views of the Naval Committee
die that it is not worthy of the suppoit of the
{Senate as a naval measure. If that is the opinion
