am.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
, Mr. DAWES. I understand my colleague to
yield (Unconditionally.
t.JJr, ELIOT. I do not Want to yield the floor
unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
it any other way.-
. Mr. PAWES. I wish to understand what my
colleague meant.
. Mr. ELIOT. I am willing to do anything ex-
cept to give up my rights. That I am not willing
toJp.
Mr. DAWES. I would not deprive ray col-
league of any of his rights; but 1 appeal to the
gentleman: from Kentucky to withdraw his objec-
tion,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to that, and
demand thp regular order of discussion.
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair is
desiring to enforce.
Mr. 'RICHARDSON. I hope the Chair will
do it.
Mr. ELIOT. I am called upon by the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Porter] to accept, in lieu
of the substitute which 1 had the honor to offer
yesterday, an amendment which he has proposed,
and .which has been read at the Clerk's table.
Before giving an assent to that proposition I de-
sire to .say a word. I feel it right to do so, be-
cause the bill which the House instructed the com-
mittee to report was not the bill which, so far as I
have the opportunity of knowing, the majority of
the'House supposed ittobe,eitheras to the classes
of persons affected by it or in its details. The bill
which the House instructed the committee to re-
port, as was supposed on this side of the House,
was to be a. bill which was to contain a limitation
of the emancipation to the same classes of persons
that were embraced in the confiscation bill. It
was supposed that the emancipation bill, which
had been previously acted upon by the House, was
not to be altered except in thatlimitation, and in
the adding to it of the section which came from the
honorablegentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,]
in respect to colonization of free negroes, with
their own consent, from Stales where they cannot
remain after being made free. It was on that sup-
position that the House voted. But the bill, in
fact, does not embrace the sjjme classes. The
sixth class has been much and materially reduced.
I therefore, Mr. Speaker, felt desirous, if possi-
ble, to have the bill amended in this respect, and
to satisfy my friend from Indiana that the bill
ought to be amended and altered. I could not sat-
isfy him on that. Being desirous of having the
bill passed in some shape, it was reported under
the instructions of the House, and the committee
recommended amendments which do not enlarge
the classes affected, but which are important and
materially improve the bill as a practical measure.
These amendments were understood to be agreed
to by the gentleman from Indiana. But now we
understand that there are certain friends of the
measure who doubt whether, on the whole, it is
expedient to adopt these amendments; and it is
said that the passage of the bill will beendangered
if I insist on my substitute.
Now, sir, I have it in my power individually—
having offered the amendment, not from the com-
mittee, but from myself—to remove the difficulties
which seem to be m the way of some action, by
accepting the proposition which comes from the
gentleman from Indiana. I do not hesitate in
doing so, although I think the bill is not such a
one as we ought to have. I therefore accept the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Indi-
ana in lieu of the substitute which I myself offered;
and 1 move the previous question on the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my colleague to accept
also an amendment from me.
Mr. ASHLEY and Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
Mr. DAWES. I wish my colleague to state
that the objection came from the gentleman from
Ohio and the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. ELIOT. My colleague has stated it him-
self.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let us have the
substitute read.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the previous question
will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Before the ques-
tion is put on seconding the previous question, I
desire to have the amendment read.
Mr. PORTER. I propose to insert the amend-
ment which I have offered after the word " labor,*'
in line forty-six of my substitute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's proposi-
tion is that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] shall withdraw his amendment and
this amendment shall be inserted as an addition
to the gentleman's substitute. f
Mr. PORTER. Yes, sir; that is it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, as the Chair understands him, modi-
fies his amendment by adopting that proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana. The Chair thought
it was to strike out all of the substitute and offer
this amendment as a substitute for it.
Mr. ELIOT. I adopt the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. PORTER. And that is to insert, after the
word " labor," in the forty-sixth line of the sec-
ond section of my substitute, the words that I have
sent up.
The clause will then read:
Upon such affidavit having been filed and proof made,
the attorney for the United States, or any one on behalf of
the person held to service or labor, must prove to the sat-
isfaction of the court that the claimant did so engage in
arm^d rebellion, without the compulsion alleged, and on
failure of such proof the person whose service or labor is
claimed shall be restored to the claimant; but on the fail-
ure or refusal of any claimant to take any affidavit above
required, or to prove the compulsion when it is alleged as
an excuse, the couitshall declare the person whose service
or labor is claimed freelioiu such service or labor, but upon
the affidavit, or affidavit and pi oof, &e. 5 and the eourtshall
give every person so declared free a certificate of the fact
under the seal of the court.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As there are sev-
eral prints of the bill, and confusion has arisen as
to precisely what we are to vote upon, I ask now
that the substitute, as it has been finally adopted
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, may be
read.
Mr. ELIOT. I have demanded the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. It is the right of the gentle-
man, however, to have the substitute read.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Before the reading of the substitute was con-
cluded, the morning hour expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are some three special orders fixed for to-
day—the Treasury note bill in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and in the House
territorial business, and also a bill reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. Would it be m order to move
to postpone the special order for an hour?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order, if
the gentleman makes it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the spe-
cial orders for one hour. Let us finish this busi-
ness. 4
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is it in order to
move that there be a cull of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to have
a call of the House before the vote is taken upon
this important measure. I do not ask it if the bill
is permitted to go over until to-morrow. Other-
wise, I move that there be a call of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
postpone the special order; and being taken, it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 60;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Baker, Baxter, Boaman, Bingham, JBIakc, Butfinton,
Bumham, Campbell, Chamberhn, Clatk, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkhng, Roscoe Cbnklmg, Covode, Cutler, Davis,
Dawes, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Fisher, Fianchot, Frank,Gooch, Goodwin, Hale,Hickman,
Hooper, limchms , Julian, Keiiey, Killmger, Lansing,
Looinu-, Lovejo}, Low, McKmght, McPheison, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Pike, Porter,Potter,
John H. Itice, Kiddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Shan k>, Shellabarger, Sherman, Spauldiug, Stevens,
Stratton, Trimble, Trowbudge, Van Horn, Van V.ilken-
burgh, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Wheel-
er, Albert S. White, Wilson, VVindom, and Worcester—
78.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,George
H. Browne, William G. Biown, Calveit, Clements Cobb,
Cravens, Crisfield, CuUendoti, Delano, Diven, Dunlap,
Fouke, Granger, Grider, ILuglit, Hall, Harding, Harrison,
Holman, Horton, Johnson, William Kellogg, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Mallory, May, Maynard, Menzies,
Morris, Norton, Olin, Pendleton, Perry, John S. Phelps,
Pi ice, Alexander H. Rice, Richardson, Robinson, James S.
Rollins, Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, William G. Steele, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Train, Vallandigham, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Webster, Chilton A. White, WickhfFe, Wood, and
Wuodiuff—60. ' '
So the special orders were postponed for one
hour.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. NOELL stated that he had paired with Mr.
Sloan.
Mr. SMITH stated that he had paired with Mr.
Phelps, of California.
Mr. POMEROY said he had paired with Mr,
Cox upon the confiscation bili, and as by fair in-
tendment the pair would perhaps include this bill,
he declined to vote.
Mr. WHEELER stated that Mr. Blair, of
Missouri, had paired with Mr. Steele, of New
York.
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. DuELLhad been
called home by sickness in his family.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to proceed
with' the reading of the substitute.
Mr, RICHARDSON. The morning hour has
expired, I believe. I move to proceed to business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Aneona, Biddlo, Jacob B. Blair, George
H. Browne, William G. Brown, Calvert, Clements, Cobb,
Corning, Ciavens, Crisfield, Dunlap, Grangei, Grider,
Haight, Hall, Harding, Holman, Johnson, Law, Leary,
Lehman, Mallory, May, Maynard, Morris, Norton, Pendle-
ton, Perty, John S. Phelpv, Puce, Richardson, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Shiel, William G. Steele, Vallaiidighatn,
Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wood, and
Woodruff—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Be.iman, Bingham, Blake, Buffinton, Burn-
ham, Campbell, Chamberhn, Claik, Colfax, Fiederiek A.
ConkUngjRoscoe Conkling, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Delano,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eiiot, Ely, Fenton, Fisher,
Frnnehot, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Hale, Ilanchett, Har-
lison, Hickman, Hooper, Tlorton, flutchms, Julian, Kel-
iev, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Killmger, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, McKmght, Mcpherson, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Ju^tm S. Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Pike, Porter, Potter,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. liice, Riddle. Edward H Rol-
lins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheila-
burger, Sherman, Spauldmg, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Train, Trimble, Tiowbridge, Van Horn, Van
Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Wash-
burne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wibon, Wmdom, and
Worcester—88.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Before the vote was announced—
Mr. BAILY stated that he had paired with Mr.
Patton.
Mr. McKNIGHT, in the same connection,
stated that Mr. Patton was at home, sick.
Mr. FENTON stated thatMr. Duell, and Mr.
Allen of Ohio, being both absent, by an arrange-
ment with their colleagues were considered as
paired.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S. No.
299) for the relief of Rose M. Harte, widow of
EdwardHarte; when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in, writing, was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
Also, notifying the House that he had approved
and signed bills and ajoint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (II. R. No. 475) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the names of cer-
tain vessels;
An act (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of Ulysses
S. Grant; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) to change the
name of the bark Q,uebec to the General Burnside
EMANCIPATION—AGAIN.
The Clerk then completed the reading of the
substitute of Mr. Eliot, as modified on the sug-
gestion of Mr. Porter. The substitute is as fol-
lows:
Strike out alt after the enacting clause of the bill, and in-
sert as lbllowti:
That all right, title, Interest, and claim whatever, of every
