312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.   [Juno 30,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Ship Canal—Mr. Olin.
Ho. of Reps.
SHIP CANAL.
SPEECH OF HON. A. B. OLIN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 30, 1862.
The House having under consideration the bill to con-
struct a ship canal for the pass'age of armed and naval ves-
sels from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
other purposes-
Mr. OLIN said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not propose to occupy the
attention of the House for any considerable length
of time. I am well aware, in the discussion of the
question before the House at the present time, it
is a perfectly legitimate argument against it to
show to the House that, considering the amount of
indebtedness the country has already contracted,
it would be unwise and impolitic to create any fur-
ther liability on the part of the General Govern-
ment. Of course, the argument of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] is, in myjudg-
ment, a legitimate one against the bill under con-
• sideration; but I think it will not have escaped the
attention of the House that the speech to which
we have just listened was one of the gentleman's
efforts to show whatever measure was proposed
with a view to maintain the integrity of the Govern-
ment and the supremacy of the laws was an unwise
measure, which it were better to abandon at once.
Now,sir, I have not undertaken to trouble my-
self with the amount of the indebtedness which
the Government has already incurred in the effort
to suppress this rebellion—in the prosecution of
this war. That duty has not particularly devolved
'upon me, and 1 am willing that the responsibility
should rest in the hands ofthose to whom the peo-
ple of the country and t|ns House have committed
it. If they have expended money unnecessarily,
when we get through this difficulty I will be as
ready as an-y gentleman to hold them to a strict
accountability. I cannot consent, however, when
the vhole fabric of the Government is in flames,
lo inquire whether the neighbor who comes in to
Iflpextinguish them, has blacked his boots or has
come through the front yard. It is not time for
the consideration of questions of that character.
Whatever is necessary to be done I hope will be
done—economically, but resolutely and promptly
—and woe to that public minister or private agent
who betrays his country's trust at such a time.
I know how difficult it is, Mr. Speaker, partic-
ularly on this occasion, to examine calmly and
dispassionately a measure of this importance. I
fear (but I do not know how it may be) that there
are now lying dead of our fellow-citizens, in and
about Richmond, more than twenty thousand. I
repeat, I do not know how this may be; but I do
know the feverish anxiety that is throbbing in the
breast of every man in this House to hear and
learn the details of the contest which has taken
place before the rebel capital. It is idle to hope
that members ijf this House are differently framed
from other people; and, of course, it is idle to
expect that deliberate judgment, that statesman-,
ship that does and ought to belong to a body of
this description in times like these.
Mr. Speaker, I icgnrd this measure as one of
the most important that has yet been before this
House during the present session of Congress. I
trust that, m reference to it, we will not be found
wanting in ability to comprehend its transcendent
importance, and act wisely in reference to it.
We are in the midst of great events. We are daily
and swiftly writing history here—history which
will be read for instruction or admonition through
all coming time. I hope that the judgment of pos-
terity will be that this Congress has not been
found totally inadequate to the task that the peo-
ple and Providence have assigned us. But I know
that while human nature remains as it is, that it
requires something more than the ordinary wis-
dom vouchsafed to man if he always acts dis-
creetly, always acts wisely, and always judges
correctly in an exigency li|te this. °
I say that this measure, m my judgment, is an
important one. Let me, if I can, call the atten-
tion of the House to one or two considerations
which I think will determine its significance and
importance. If gentlemen will cast their eye upon
the map which has been spread before the House,
they will see that there is a line of lake and river
coast from Milwaukee, round by Chicago and
through Lakes Michigan, Huron, Erie, Ontario,
and the St. Lawrence river, to near the Vermont
line. You all know that lake and river coast-line
is the boundary of the grain growing garden of
the world; ana that this country is filled with a
thrifty, enterprising, agricultural population, the
most so of any upon this continent. Now, com-
pared with this district, the cities of Boston, New
York, and Philadelphia are no more important to
our national strength. That people, who have to
furnish the food of the world, will at last rule the
world. New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and
other like places are unquestionably worthy of the
protection of the General Government, but with
all their resources, they cannot furnish the bread
of our people. Why, sir, the great productive
energies of that portion of the country in bread-
stuffs not only fed its own population, not only
sustained the million of men that have been pros-
ecuting this war for more than a year, but even a
surplus of grain is now on hand which can find
no market. While all this vast expenditure of
means and consumption of breadstuffs have been
going on, the people of that agricultural district
have been burning their corn for fuel, because it
was cheaper than ordinary fuel.
No Government in the world, save ours, could
have prosecuted war for so long a time, and on so
vast a scale, without bringing a large portion of
its population to the verge of starvation. Nay, the
very interruption ofthe channelsoftrade and man-
ufacture in Europe, the failure of the ordinary sup-
ply of cotton required by France and England occa-
sioned by this rebellion, has already created more
inconvenience, more deprivation, and more appre-
hension for the future, than have been felt up to
this time, in the free and loyal States of this Union.
What I wish to press upon tjne attention of this
House, is the fact, that if f district of country
bordering upon the lakes, such as this district is,
were actually invaded, overrun but for a single
se.ason, the power of the country would receive a
severe shock, and its resources to carry on this
struggle, either as against a foreign or a domestic
enemy, more crippled than it would be by a sac-
rifice of half your cities.
If that be so, the problem is, is it prudent, is it
wise, under the existing state of things, to attempt
some protection against any threatened interfer-
ence with interests so vast and so essential to our
national strength.
Now, Mr. Speaker, permit me to call your at-
tention to what I think is the present pulsation of
the public mind in reference to the question as to
whether it is proper at this time to incur any ex-
penditure to guard against a possible contingency
of a conflict %vith England or Prance. Now, sir,
although nurtured and born in the old Democratic
party, (not this modern one,) and although every
aspiration of my soul is now for the prevalence
and diffusion of its fundamental doctrines, I have
never been one of those who have been habitually
and persistently upon all occasions attempting to
excite the public mind or the public prejudice
against the English people. I have always been
proud to remember that we came from that noble
stock; that almost everything which is worthy of
the world, and worthy of a higher destiny than
the world has yet seen, has sprung from that same
old An^lo-Saxon race.
But I confess, sir, that my faith, my reverence,
and my attachment for that same people have un-
dergone, during the last twelve months, a pretty
severe trial. Allusion has already been made
during this discussion to a debate which recently
took place in both Houses of the British Parlia-
ment, in which a certain order of General Butler
at New Orleans was seized upon and represented
as a very disgraceful thing, and in which Earl
Russell, Lord Palmerston, and I know not who
else, prayed God that the American Government,
out of Self-respect, might disapprove of that order.
I only allude to this as one of a thousand evi-
dences which are occurring daily, as seen in the
British press, in the British Parliament, showing
a persistent and determined hostility to the freeand
loyal States of this Government, and an entire
sympathy and cordiality with those who are in
rebellion to subvert it.
■ What was that order in reference to the women
ofNewOrleans which so shocked the sensibilities
of these English gentlemen ? 1 repeat, sir, what
was the order? Why,simply that those women
who, lost to the proprieties and dignity of their
sex, undertook to insult and abuse the Union sol-
diers, and thereby excite acts of violence, should
be subject to penalties provided by law for lewd
women. In other words, if they continued to act
like'lewd women; they should be punished as
lewd women; that is, sent to jail. Now, what is
there in all this to shock the civilization of the
world? Certainly, nothing. And yet this order,
so obviously just and proper, is affected to be
understood by English gentlemen in the British
Parliament a license to commit those nameless
outrages which too often stained the English char-
acter and the English soldier during the Peninsu-
lar war. ...
I allude to this matter simply as evincing the
blind and unreasoning prejudice which fills the
minds of British gentlemen towards this country.
It is too true there has been often expressed by the
aristocratic class of Great Britain the hope that
some unforeseen contingency would happen in th&
history of this people which would finally dissolve
the Union and destroy the Government,and there-
by secure theirascendencyasamanufacturingand
commercial nation among the nations of the earth.
While I do not believe that the great mass of
the English people have anything but the kindest
hopesand wishes towards the free and loyal States;
while they are looking on with intense anxiety to
see the result of this struggle, to know whether it
be possible, upon this sin-cursed earth, for man to
enjoy the right of self-government, it is unques-
tionably true that the ruling class ofEngland, not
only those of them who are known as the Whig
but the conservative or properly Tory party, are
secretly anxious in their hearts that, somehow
or other, this unfortunate controversy should end
in the destruction of this Confederacy.
Read the recent articles in the English journals,
and look at the persistent misrepresentations of
every victory that has been won by the Federal
forces. See the feverish anxiety with which they
begin to talk about intervention when victory af-
ter victory ofthe Union forces seemed to indicate
that this unholy war was about to have an-early
termination. The more those chances were in-
creased the more persistent these papers became
in urging their Government to interfere and'put
an end to this struggle. The last and favorite
theme urged is that the longer the war is waged,
the deeper settled would be the hostility between
the two sections,and the more impossible to bring
about any reconstruction of the Government.
Now, if these be conceded facts, does it not be-
come us to place ourselves in a position of secur-
ity, so far as we can, against all interference from
abroad* I say, speaking from the best lights I
have, if your army is defeated before Richmond,
news of such defeat will only have time to reach
the French and British Cabinets and return here
before you are notified by such Cabinets that this
war is a useless and hopeless one, and that it ought
to be discontinued.
I regret to feel constrained to say this. I have
not been one of those upon this floor who have
indulged in squeamish alarms, but, as God is my
judge, I believe in my soul if your army before
Richmond receives anything like a substantial re-
verse this Government will be notified, as soon as
the forms of diplomacy can accomplish that pur-
pose, that this struggle has continued long enough,
and that, m their judgment, it is impossibleto
reduce the people of the so-called seceded States
to a submission to the Federal authority.
Now, 1 may be mistaken. I may be under some
foolish excitementupon this subject, and my opin-
ions may be worth very little; but look carefully
at the question, I beg you. In wllat position would
States bordering upon the lakes be if you are no-
tified by Great Britain in a very short time that
this war must cease, and with these entire western
lakes flooded with a fleet of gunboats ? I suppose
there is no man inthis'House who does notknow 
and if he does not know he ought not to be here—
that in order to a successful campaign, as against
Canada or upon our northern frontier, it is indis-
pensable for you to have the command of these
lakes.
