1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2793
person comprehended within the following enumerated
da-set-, in uikI to the service or labor of any other person
oi per-om held to service or labor in any State under the
law-; thereof, is hereby declared forfeited, and such persons
so held to service or labor, commonly called slaves, are
hen by declared forever discharged irom such service or
l.ibor, and lo be freemen, to wit: First. Of every person who
f-haH hereafter act in an officer of Uje army or navy of the
rebel.- in arms agauustthe (jrovernmeutuf the United States.
Secondly. Of every person who shall hereafter act a  pres-
. ident,vice president, member of congress, judge of any court,
cabinet officer, foreign minister, commissioner, or consul of
the so called contederate States of America. Thirdly. Of
every person who &hail hereafter acta  Governor of a State,
member of a convention or Legislature, or judge of any
State court of the so-called confederate States of America.
Fourthly. Of every person who, having held an office of*
honor. uu-Jt, or profit in the United States, shall hereafter
hold an office in the so-called confederate States of Amer-
ica Fifthly. Of every person who shall hereafter hold any
office or agency under the government of the ho-called con-
federate Statf'8 of America, or under any of the several
States of the said confederacy,or the laws thereof, whether
such othce or agency be national, State, or municipal in its
name or character: Prowled, That the per oti«s thirdly and
fifthly above described ^hall have accepted their appoint-
ment or election since the date of the pretended ordinance
of secession of the State, or shall have taken an oath of al-
legiance to the fco-caUed confederate States. Sixthly. 0/
every person, not embiaced in the foregoing classes, who*,
after the passage of this act, being actually, willfully, and
without coercion or compulMon, engaged m armed rebellion
ag.im-t the Government of the United States, shall not,
within Mxty daj-s after public warning and proclamation
duly given and made, at hie discretion, by the President of
the United States, lay down his arms and return to his
allegiance to the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further cnacted, That the President shall
appoint one or more commissioners for each State by whose
lawb persons are held to set vice or labor for life, to make a
list of the names and residences of the per>ons in the States
respectively held to service and labor by any person or per-
sons described m the foregoing section and in the fourth
section of an act entitled "An act to confiscate property
u-ed for msuirectionary purposes,-' approved August 6,
1861, and of the names of the persons claiming to be enti-
tled to such sei vice or labor, which list shall be returned as
speedily as may be to the district court of the United States
for the district where the peisons so held to service or labor
may reside; and immediately on such return the distuct
couit shall publish the said list of natneo and an older re-
quiring all persons claiming the seivice or labor of any of
the persons named in the list to appearand show cause why
the person or persons owing labor or seivice should not he
disehaigcd therefrom under'tins act at the next term of said
couit; and on failure of any one to appear and claim the
service or labor of any of the persons reported to owe the
same, such person or persons bhali be declaied free by the
court; and on appearance the claimant shall file with his
application an affidavit that he has not belonged and does
not belong to any of the classes of person* specified in the
fir-t section of this, act; and that he will forever bear true
faith and allegiance to the United States; and if not being
compiehended hi either of the classes specified m the first,
second, third, lourth, or fifth specifications of the first sec-
tion of thi^act, he shall have been engaged in armed rebel-
lion against the Government of the United States alter hav-
ing received sixty dajs' warning by proclamation ot the
President, as above provided* and shall allege that he has
been so engaged undet compulsion, he shall, in addition,
state in hi? affidavit the fact and the manner of compulsion,
and prove the same, prima facie, to the satisfaction ot the
court; and upon such affidavit having been filed and proot
made, the attorney for the United States, or any one on be-
half of the person held to service or labor, must prove to the
satisfaction of the court that the claimant did so engage in
armed rebellion, without the compulsion alleged, and on
failure of such proof the person whose service or labor is
claimed shall be restored to the claimant; but on the fail-
ure or refusal of any claimant to take any affidavit above
icquired, or to prove the compulsion when it is alleged ns
an excuse, the couit shall deciaie the persotvwhose service
or labor is claimed ftee from «ueh seivice or labor, but upon
the affidavit or alfida\ it and ptoof (as the case may be) re-
quired-by this section having been exhibited by the claim-
ant, the person so held to service or labor shall be deiiveied
fjce. where, upon the weight of evidence which shall be ad-
duced, it shall satisfactorily appear to the couit that the
claimant has belonged or does belong to any ofthe six classes
of persons specified in the first section of this act. Upon
the heaung of this question neither party shall be pewmtted
to tcstifv; and the court shall cause process to be issued for
witnesses on behalf of either party and compel their attend-
ance. and shall hear the testimony of ail witnesses, as well
on behalf of the person held to service or Jaboi a-< ot the
claimant, and the court shall give every person so declared
free aeeiuficate of the fact under the seal of the couit; and
such cei tificate shall he conclusive evidence of tin: iieedoui
of such person from all service or labor against all Person*
whatsoever and in all courts ot the estates or of the united
State-: and any person so declared free, it theieafter seized
ot impnsoned oi held m duiess m any way by any person
undei a claim to such pei^on's service or labor, shall be
forthwith discharged on habeas corpus by an} couit or judge
of the United States and the couit oi judge acting on said
writ shall commit for trial for kidnapping the person so hold
inc the said need man ; and on conviction ot seizing or hohl-
imr the said freed man, knowing him to have been declared
ftee by a court of the United States, the person so convicted
shall be sentenced to be confined at haid lahoi in the peni-
tentiary for not less than one year nor more than five years;
arid any person coiruptlv swearing falsely m anv pioeeeding
under this act shall be suiltv of perjury, and liable, ou con-
viction, to the penalties thereof.
Sec '3. +<2nd be Ufuilher enacted, That any poison or poi-
sons held to service or labor by persons embraced in the
classes specified in the fust section ot tins act, if omitted
from the commissioners' list, may on summary application
to the district court of the United States for the district in
which he resides, be placed on the list, and shall he entitled
to the same proceedings and benefits, and subject and en-
titled to the same judgments, and to be dealt with in the
same manner as if his name had been placed on the list by
the commissioners. And if thecoinmissioners cannot com-
plete their Jist-3 prior to the first t«rin of the district court of
the United States for any district, they shall he allowed to
continue and pursue their Investigations till they shall be
completed and ended; and the compensation of each shall
not be more than $2,000
Sec. 4. Jliul be it futtker enacted, That no person dis-
charged under this act or the act entitled >c An act to con-
fiscate ptoperty used for insurrectionaiy purposes,*' ap-
proved August 6,1861, nor the descendants of any «urh per-
son, shall ever be reduced to involuntary servitude by any
law or regulation of anv State; and every such person shall
always be entitled to be discharged by any court or judge of
the United States, on habeas corpus, from any such servi-.
tude.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever any
peison or persons claiming to be entitled to the seivice or
labor of any other person or persons, commonly called
slaves, shall seek to enforce such claim, he or they (as the
case may be) shall, in the fiist instance, and before any or-
der shall be made for the sui render of the pet son, establish,
not only a legal and valid claim to such seivice or labor, but
also make and file an affidavit that he or they have not be-
longed and do not belong to any of the classes of persons
specified m the first section of this act; and it shall be a
sufficient defense to any such claim that the claimant has
belonged or does belong to either of said classes.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to negotiate for the
acquisition, by treaty or otherwise, of lands or countries m
Mexico, Central America, or South America, or m the isl-
ands of the Gulf of Mexico, or for the right of settlement
upon the lands of said countries; and whenever any lands
shall have been so acquned, or whenever the right of set-
tlement shall have been so secured m any of b id land*,
then the President shall cause all the persons who shall have
been liberated under the piovisions of this act to be re-
moved, with their own consent, at such times and undtr
such regulations as he may deem expedient, to the coun-
tries so acquired, or in which the right of settlement has
been so secured, and shall cause a reasonable quantity of
land, not exceeding forty acres to an) individual, oreighty
acres to the head of a family, to be set apait foi the use of
such liberated peisons, and shall guaranty to all such per-
sons so removed ail the civil and political lights secured to
all other citizons in said countries; and for the purpose of
paving the expense of the purchase of such land'? or coun-
ti ies as aforesaid, (if the same cannot he acquired by tieaty,)
and thereino\ al of said person^, the Pi evident shall use ~ueh
moneys as Congress may fiom time to time direct, arising
out of the sales of the property formerly owned by rebels,
and which shall have been confiscated to the use of the
United States.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every peison em-
braced in any of the classes specified in section one of this
act ^hall fore'ver hereafter be incapable of holding or exer-
cising any office of honor, trust, or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The pre vious question was then seconded—ayes
67, noes 38; and the main question ordered to be
put.
The question recurred on the substitute sub-
mitted by Mr. Eliot to the substitute reported by
the select committee.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 8*2, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS —Messr« Aidrieb, Allev, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baket, Baxter, Bingham, Blake, Buffinton, Burnham,
Campbell, Chamberhn, Claik, Coliax, Fredeiick A. Conk-
img, Itoscoe Colliding, Covode, Cutlet, Davis, Dawc-4,
Dunn, Edgerton, Rdwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fisher,
Franehof, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley. Hale, Ilan-
chelt, llickinan, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Fiaueis W. Kel-
lo^g, Landing, Loom is, Lovejov, Low, McKnisiht Mel her-
eon, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Moruil, Nixon, Olm,
Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Ilice, John H. Rice,
Riddle, Edward 11. llolltiis, Saigcnt, Sedgwick, Shuiiks,
Shellabarger, Sherman, tfpauldmg, Stevens. SUatton.
Tram, Trimble, Tiowbridge. Van Ilorn, Van Valkenburgh,
Veriec, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Washbinne, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Wmdosn, and Worcester—
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, 1'iddie. Jacob B. Blan, George
II. Biowne, William G. Biown,Clement*.Cobb, Corning,
Cravens, Cnttenden, Delano,'Dunlap. English, Fouke,
Granger. Gnder. Hall, Harding. Harrison. Uoirnan. Hel-
ton, Johnson, William Kellogg, Knapp, Law, Leaiy, Leh-
man, Mallory. May, Maynaid, Menzies, Moms, Norton.
Pendleton, Puce, Uichaulaun, llobinson. James S. Rollins,
Segar, Sheffield, Sine!, William G. Steele, Honjainin F.
Thomas Francis Thomas, Vallandisham, Vooihees.Ward,
Webster, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wood, and Wood-
rufl— oi.
So the substitute was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr CRISFIELD suited that he had paired
with Mr. Blair, of Pennsylvania; otherwise lie
would vote " no." .
The question recurrcd upon the adoption of the
substitute as amended.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr COLFAX. 1 ask for the reading of the
original bill. It is very short. My object is to
know precisely what it is that gentlemen on the
other side of the House prefer to the substitute
pending. . - -
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will simj>Iy
remark that we vote against the bill and all its
amendments.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was taken; and it was decidod in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Mdlsrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley,Babbitt,
Baker, Baxtei, Beaman, Bingham, Blake-, Buffinton,* Burnt-
ham, Campbell, Chamberhn, Clatk, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conklinc, lloscoe Conkling, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Delaplaine, Dtven, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton. Fisher, Franchot, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hanchett, Hickman, Hutctuns, Julian, Kelley,
Francis VV. Kellogs, Killmger, Lansing, Loonus,Lovejoy,
Low, MeKnight, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin
S. Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Bice, Riddle, Edward H. RoIhn>, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabaiger, Sherman, SpauhUng,
Stevens, ytratton, Tiain, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Van Valkenburgh, Vcrree, Wail, Wallace, Walton, Wasli-
burne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windom
—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Biddle, Jacob B. Blair. George H 
Browne, William G.Brown, Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Corn-
ing, Cravens', Crittenden, Delano, Dunlap, English, Gian-
ger, Gndei, Hall, Harding, Harrison, llolman, lloiton,
Johnson, William Kellogg, Law, Lazear,Leary, Lehman,
Malloiy,'May, Maynaid, Menzies, Moiris. Norton, Odell,
Pendleton. John s?. Phelps, Price, Richardson, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Sheffield, Shiel, William G. Steele, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas. Francis Thomas, Vallandisham, Wads-
worth, Waidj Wehster, Chilton A.VVhite,Wiekhff'e,Wood,
and Woodruff1—52.
So the substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr PIKE stated that Mr. Fessenden was de-
tained from the House by sickness in his family,
and had paired with Mr. Haight.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third lime; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
upon tho passage of the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the gentleman'
from Massachusetts to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to ask the Chair
if it will be in ordei>to amend tho title when the
bill shall have been passed?
The SPEAKER. It will, if the previous ques-
tion is not pending.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to submit a little
amendment to the title.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 73,
noes 35; and the mam question ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Allev, Arnold. Asliley, Babbitt,
Bilker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Binlse, liuflimon,
Campbell, Cliambeihn, Clark, Coliax,Fioderick A Conk-
ling, Roseoe Cmtkling. Covode. Cutlei, Davi*-, Dawes,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, 1' isher,
Fiank. Gooch, Goodwin, Guilcy.. Hale, Hanchett, Hick-
man, Hooper. Hutclnn-f. Julian, lOllcv, Fiancis VV. ICel-
lo g, Killint'ei, Lansing, Loonns Lovejoy, Low, Mc-
Kmglit, HcPtierson,Mitchell, Moorhead,.lustin S. Morrill,
Nixon, Olm.Plke, l'orter, Poller, Alexander (I. Rice, John
11 Rice, liuldle. Eciwaid II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellalrargei, Sherman, Spaulding. Stevens, felrat-
toil, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Hoin, Van \ alken-
bur-li, Vcnee, Wall, Wallace, Walton, YY ashburne,
Wheeler, Albert S. Wltfte, Wilson, Wmdoin, and Wor-
eestei—82. „ ,, T1
IV AYS—Me:-srs. Ancona, Eiddlc, George H lliowne,
William G Drown, Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Corning,
Ciavens, Crittenden, Pelano, Diven, Dilulap, English,
Giaimer, Gnder, Hall, Harding, Hanson, llolman, Horlon,
Johnson. William Kelloge, Lnw, Lazear, Leary, Lehman,
Mallorv. 'May, Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Norton, Odell,
Pendleton,Pelrv. John S. Phelps, Price, Kobinson, James
S. IioIIins, Sheffield, Sbiel, William G. feteeje, Beujanun
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandighaiu, U adswortll.
Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wiekhflc, V\ ood, and
WoodrufF—54.
So the bill was passed.
Before the vote was announced,
Mi. POMEROY stated that he had paired with
Mr. Cox.
Mr. PIKE stated that Mr. Fessendem had
paired with Mr. Haight.
Mr. NOELL stated that he had paired with
Mr. Sloan.
Mr. WICKLIFFE (when his name was called)
said: In God's name, 110.
Mr. STEELE, of New Yoik, said he had
paired with Mr. Bum, of Missouri.
Mr. FRANCHOT (having been called out of
the Hall when his name was called) asked leave
to vote.
