1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1833
of the Naval Committee,to whom it appropriately
belongs, it seems to me that the Senate should not
fasten a naval measure on a postal bill. If it is a
postal and commercial measure, let it stand on its
own merits; do not saddle it on the Navy when
the Navy do not ask it and do not want it. My
amendment is simply to strike out the second
section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Minnesota moves to reconsider the vote by
which this bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading".
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the motion to recon-
sider will not prevail. The amendment suggested
by the Senator from New Hampshire, if moved
by lnm and adopted by the Senate, would emas-
culate the bill and lender it m great degree worth-
less for the purposes for which we wish the bill
passed by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. If the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota prevails, I shall propose to amend
the bill by striking out the word "directed,5' in
the fourth line of the first section, which makes
it obligatory on the Postmaster General to expend
this §500,000, leaving it with him to do it or not
as he may deem that the public interest will le-
quire, and there is where I think it ought to be
left.
Mr. LATHAM. If I move to lay the motion
to reconsidcr on the table, will it carry the bill
with it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will carry
the bill with it.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 shall not make themotion.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to;
there being on a division—ayes 17, noes 24.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 26, nays
16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Carlilo, Cowan,
Hi'iidor-on, Howaid, Lano of [mliatm. Lam-* ot
Kiti^n>, Latham, MeDou<rdll, Ncfnuth, Pomemy, Pow-
  HI, Ric, tNiulsbuiy, Simmons, tftaik, ^nnmor, Thomson,
Wade, Wilkinson, YViitcy, WiKon ol* M<i>.-ae!ius>eUsJ Wil-
son of Mss-onn, and YVrmht—26.
NAYS—ChamlhT. Chirk. Collttmer. Dixon, Fes-
pendi-n, Foot, Fo&tci, Gnnius, Hale, Howe, King, Momll,
Sherman, Ten U\ck, Tiumbull, and Wiimot—1G.
So the bill was parsed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY,
On motion of Mr. WILMOT, it was
Oidercd, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on MomU> ne\l.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate postpone all other matters for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideration of execu-
tive business; and I will simply state that it is
necessary that this should be done.
The motion was agreed to; and after an ex-
ecutive session, the doors were reopened,and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, *lpril 25, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Ti-iomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
question of pjiiyilege.
The SPEAKER. The question pending when
the House adjourned was one of privilege, raised
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. HutchixsJ
against his* colleague,[Mr.Yallandigham.] The
following is the resolution submitted to censure
the gentleman from Ohio for disorderly words
spoken in debate m the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union:
Whereas IL'ti O. L Vat.lwdkjham, a memben ofilus
Ilou-e, ol the State ot Oiu<>, m ot the Whole,
made use of the foIlovvuiL' language concerning Hon. U. i\
Wadt,<i Seimtoi in
'•Mr. Cininman, I have waited patiently tor three davs
fo i tln> the earhcft occasion pi emitted to) a personal ex-
planation. Jfn a speech delnciec! m tliiJi eitv—nut m tin--
Ilou-e—eetlamly not m the Senate—no Mich speech rouhl
linve heen loieiated in an Anieiican Senate—I find the ioi-
lowinsjx r \
:iS<>\v. sir, heic in my plaeo m the House, and as a iiep-
ir'<t'iUiiti\ e, 1 denounce—and 1 >peak it adv!-cdl>— the au-
tlun ol that speech as a Iiai. a ^eounclrci. and aeowaul. His
jianK' Mfnjamin F. Wadc.''
And whereas said retuuik* are a violation of the rule* of
X\n> Houm\ and a btcaeh of Us deeoium, and deceive the
cejcine of tlie f lon-e : 'J'iierctore,
Kcsolvcd/r\uii C. la' u,i,am)h;ham. foj r-aid violation "i
the rn!c& oi the House and in decorum, is deserving of cen-
sure, and ja hereby eni-iucd.
On that resolution the question of order is made
that under the express language of the 62d rule of
the House the gentleman from Ohio could not
now be held to answer, or be subject to the cen-
sure of the House, for the words spoken, another
member having spoken and other business having
intervened before exception to them was taken,
and that consequently the preamble and the resolu-
tion could not be entertained by the House. The
Chair will have read the 62d rule, and a paragraph
from the Manual.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" It* a member be called to ordpr for word5? spoken in de-
bate, the peiton calling him to order shall repent the words
excepted to, and they shall he taken down in writing at the
Clerk'rf table; and no member >hall be held to answer, or
be subject to the censure of the Hou^e, for wonts spoken
in debate, if anv other member has spoken, or other busi-
ness has intervened, .titer the word* -poken, and before ex-
ception to them shall have been taken."—Sixty-Second
Rule.
" j)is.ordeiIy words spoken in a committee must be wut-
teri down a  m the Ilou-se, but the committee can onlv re-
port them to the House for animadversion."—Manual, p. 77.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutciiins] in hts resolu-
tion not having complied with either the rule of
the House or the pi ovision of parliamentary law,
that therefore the point of order is well taken*
iowa contested-election case.
The SPEAKER stated that the next question
in order was the consideration of the report of
the Committee of Elections on the Iowa contested-
election case of Byington against Vandever.
california land titles.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to quiet the land titles
m the State of California; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
adjournment over.
Mr. MALLORY moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, fiorn the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported a bill makmgappropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Comnnttpfi of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call up for consider-
ation the follow lug resolutions, leportcd fiorn the
committee on Government contracts. The com-
mittee have the light to report at any time, and
these resolutions come up as a privileged question.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved. Th.it the Seer .nary ot the Tron<ury be tequp-ted
to decline making any Inithei payment to the patties inler-
<>>ted m the .st'-ainboat Cataluie, on account oi the chatter
of the *=aid vessel by the United Slates on the -J.>th day of
April. LfrU.
Resolved, That the Secretary oftheTreaMirv be requested
to a<]]ii>t theeiaimai?aiiisUh<'C«oveiijment foi the five thou-
sand Hall taibin-s^pui chafed thtough .Simon Steven^i:=q-
by General John C. Fiemont, on the 6th day ot Au'-'u-t, Mol,
a.n<l aftei wards dehveied at the United States arsenal at
the eitv of S5t. Louis, on the ot a sale ot s-aid arms to
the Government foi .^12 50 each, i ejectmtf all other demand--
against the Gov eminent on account oi the purchase oi'^aul
aims.
Resolved, That the piaeticc ot employing nres-pon^'ble
pai tie1-, bavins no official connection with the Government,
ni the potformai.ce ot public duti"-- which ina\ b,j piopeih
pei foi iii ed b\ leuulai oflicei - of the Govcniin-'iit. .mdot pui-
cha^inu b\ pi i\ a'te eontinef 101 tlie dilierent I)( [mil-
inent-, wheie open and lan' competition Miuht be piopeih
invited bv lua-ouahle adv ei U-ernent foi piopo^al-. ui|u-
i urns t-> tin' public «ei /iet and meets the unqualified du-ap-
prob.UK'ii of this House.
Mr. MALLORY. Before we pioceed to con-
sider tho.se resolutions, winch will lead to pio-
Initged discussion, 1 ask the gentleman to permit
me to take up and pass another hill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish to hear first what
is the r-'ui-'si of my friend fiom Ohio, to whom I
yield.
ciiaktel! op washington, etc.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced bills of the following title*; whHt were
severally mad a first and second time, and refened
to the Committee for the District of Columbia:
A bill to amend an act, entitled " An act to con-
tinue , alter, and amend the charter of the city of
Washington;M and
A bill to incorporate the Guardian Society to
reform juvenile offenders in the District of Co-
lumbia.
GOVERNMENT TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield the floor to me so that I may move
to take up and put on its passage a bill to facil-
itate the passage of troops and mails between New
York and Washington.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE. I cannot yield for that
purpose, for that bill will require a great deal of
discussion.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a matter of great inter-
est to the people. It is a subject of practical legis-
lation, and in that respect somewhat different
from th« resolutions urged upon our considera-
tion by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not yield for that
purpose.
payment op soldiers' bounty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me in order that I may secure
action on House bill No. 413, making appropria-
tions for the payment of the bounty authorized
by the sixth section of an act entitled " An act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
erty," approved July 22,1861, and for other pur-
poses. It will not take up much time, and it ought
to be passed to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will yield for thatpur-
pnse, if the.gentleman from Vermont will move
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of that bill, and be considered ill the House
without debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the mo-
tion that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of thrtt bill.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have the right to yield
to the gentleman from Vermont, and 1 will do so,
in order that he may move the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole cn the state
of the Union to consider that bill, if he will close
the general debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will do so. I
move that all general debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on that bill
be closed in five mmutes after its consideration
shall be resumed.
GOVERNMENT TKANSl'OltTATION.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, moved
that the bill to facilitate the transportation of the
troops and mails from "Washington city to New
York, be oidered to be printed, and recommitted
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The motion was agreed to.
payment of soldiers' bounty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The molion ^as agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. W al-
tok, of Vermont, m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question before
the committee to be House bill No. 413, making
appropriations for the payment of the bounty
authorized by the sixth section of an act entitled
" An act to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid m enforcing the laws and protecting
public property,"approved July 22,1861, and for
other purposes; and that the fii>t question svas
on the substitute of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as follows:
That the to]iu\vni<: be, !ind the pamfi rtrc heicby
apprepnateii. nut of any money m the Tr.-hm.trj not othei-
u i^e apptops lated, !ei the objects iie:eui;utfi- expressed :
Fur pa1 mem ul llie boini!\ In wuln\\  ,uhI heirs of
such voluiite 'is a> iniu- ham died nr been killed, or inyydie
or be killed m semee. aufhouzed hy the sixtii peetiou of
an act entitled "Ait act to authoiize the employ iiient of
rohmter' - m aid in cni'o! c ins the law- anil piot^ctiny pub-
he piopei i \appio\ "il j ul\ 22. Jd61,Mi,0(«.l)(K>.orsO much
Iherenl as ni.u be haiud m'cessaiy.
Fai nompcii-ittion oi ten additional eleiks, hereby author-
ized t.i I) ■ eoiplojud in the office ot the Commissioner of
1 1 "is'isr0'-;.' dndieil Juithcr enacted, That the sum of .$3,000,
