81-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
undertake to decide in this biii. It is too import-
ant a, question to be decided in that way.
' Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. EDWARDS. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. In order that there
may be no misunderstanding on that point, I
desire to say to the House that this bill does not
undertake to decide any such thing. It simply
authorizes the Secretary of War to settle with
these railroad companies. I simply made use of
that as a point in my argument. I want the
House to understand that the passage of this bill
does not, in any way, involve the rescission of the
conditions contained in the charter.
Mr. EDWARDS. I am very happy to have
been interrupted by the geqtleman from Missouri,
but if he had listened to me for a moment he would
have seen that I took no such view of the case.
I said that I regretted the gentleman from Mis-
souri thought proper to bring that question before
the House—to argue it even though it were not
decided—because I thought that this bill might be
■ decided by the House without touching that ques-
tion at all. Sir, I am in favor of the passage of
the bill, and therefore I do not make this remark
in regard to what has fallen from the gentleman
from Missouri by the way of throwing any obsta-
cle in its path. I am in favor of the passage of the
bill, not because this House has not the right to
nold railroad companies up to the provisions of
their charters, but because I think that under the
circumstances of the case wo ought to relieve them
from the full effect of those provisions. That is
the reason why I am in favor of the passage of
this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will thegentleman from New-
Hampshire permit me a moment? ,
Mr. EDWARDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thccommiltccwhich reported
this bill did not entertain any design to waive the
right of the Government to the free transportation
of troops and supplies, and therefore incorporated
the following language 111 the preamble:
" Til view of tlie pi-casing pulihi' necessities, the United
States, not waiving lite riqhr. to have their piopeily end
troop.1* ttnnsported tree from toll or other c)i;uj,"' by «nid iuil-
roads, as contemplated by the reservation ntorcvtiiil."
So far tis I am informed, all the members of the
committee which reported the bill to the House,
understood that this right, on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, to the free trans-
portation of troops and supplies, is clearly estab-
lished by the fourth section of the bill. The
commiuee puts this case on the ground of public
necossity.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 do not know that I have
expressed myself clearly, for if I had done so, I
think there was 110 occasion for either of these re-
marks. ) here repeat, that my aetion on the bill
has 110 reference at all to this legal question; and
although I in, ly agree with thegentleman who has
just spoken, in rel'eience to that matter, yet 1 leave
it entirely outof the case,and go upon tin: ground
that, under the circumstances of the country, it. is
but just—1 will not say generous—for Congress
to relieve these companies temporarily from this
provision of tluir charter.
Without taking up any more time, Mr. Speaker,
in regard to the general features of this bill, I wish
to say a word m regard to another amendment
that has been proposed. That amendment pro-
vides that the relief received by any railroad com-
pany under the terms of this bill shall be in full
discharge ofany claim against the Government for
damages sustained on account of the condition of
the country. I do not approve of that. I do not
undertake to say whether the railroads have or
have not a claim upon the Government for injuries
to their property indicted by rebels. But I do say
that if they have any such claim they ought not
to be compelled to release it for this consideration,
if the claim amounts to more than they receive
under this bill. That is the ground on which I
put it. If they have no such claim, then the pro-
vision is unnecessary; if they have, they should
not be depiived of it 111 this manner. I therefore
propose to move to strike out these woids 111 the
amendment reported by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. floLMix:]
Wbkh udiu^tment and liquidation shall preclude any
further <drinn on brlinli of such companies against the Gov-
ernment on account of claim tor compensation for damages
previau&Iy aeeiued:
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:'
And said companies shall hereby be precluded from the
allowance ofany claim against the Government for damages
previously sustained to the extent ofany amount that shall
be allowed tliem in the adjustment and liquidation afore-
said; and nothing m tins let shall be construed as recog-
nizing the l iiiht of said companies to any further indemnity
for Mich damages.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire whether the effect of that
amendment would not be to recognize claims of
these railroad companies against the Government
for the destruction of their property?
Mr. EDWARDS. It can nave no such con-
struction. I had intended to offer an additional
amendment providing against that, but I see it is
guarded in the preamble.
Mr. STEVENS. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
this discussion has gone on long enough, and I
am afraid that half of us d© not understand the
question. The motion before the House is not on
the bill, but on the amendment reported by the
committee on Government contracts, to strike out
the words in regard to paying the prices fixed by
the War Department for similar service, and to
make them the prices usually paid for such trans-
portation by private persons. That is, the compa-
nies may charge private persons what they choose,
and the Government must pay the same rates. I
am willing that the rates fixed by order of the
War Department for all the railroads shall stand
as the limit in this instance. I repeat what I stated
this morning, that if the joint resolution comes up
as it was originally reported, I shall be disposed
to vote for it, notwithstanding the extraordinary
claim set up by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair,] which had almostdeterminedme to
vote against the whole proposition. Cut I see no
cause why we should pay these roads more than
wo pay all the others, because we built them our-
selves; and if the amendment shall prevail, there-
fore, I shall vote against the joint resolution on its
passage. 1 now demand the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the demand for the pre-
vious question cover the joint resoluiion and
amendments, or does it apply only to the pend-
ing amendment?
The SPEAKER.. The previous question will
be exhausted when the.resolution shall have been
engrossed and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The amendment first to be
voted on is that offered by the gentleman from
New Hampshire to the amendment reported from
the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire was to the second
amendment reported by the committee. Is not
the vote to be taken upon the first amendment of
the committee at this time?
The SPEAKER. Thu vote Will first be taken
on the amendment of the committee to strike from
the bill the words " and not exceeding the prices
fixed by the War Department on the 12th day
of July, 18GI, for transportation by railroads/'
and insert in lieu thereof as follows:
And j>roridcd, That the rates allowed .-hall in no case
exceed tho^e charged )>\ railway companies generally for
tiun>poiintion lot pnwue poison*.
The gentleman states correctly that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire is
to the second amendment of the committee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to call atten-
tion to tiie fact that this second amendment is the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, and
not the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. The committee reported both
amendments. The first was, however, reported
in accordance with the instructions of the House,
and not in conformity with the judgment of the
committee.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
the Speaker declared it disagreed to.
The question was next stated on the amend-
ment of Mr. Edwards to the second amendment
to the committee, as follows:
Strike onf from the amendment of the eoinmitt,,,e the
word*, whteh adjustment and liquidation shall pieelude
any further claim, on behalf ot such companies, against the
Government on account of claim for compensation for dam-
ago pteviou-ly aecrucd," and insert m lieu thereof as fol-
lows.
And said companies shall heieby be piecluded fiom the
allowance of anyelnnn n^atiM the Government l'or dam-
ages pi evioiifrly sustained to the extent of any amount which
bhall be allowed them m the adjustment or liquidation atore-
said, and nothing in this act shall be construed as recogniz-
ing the right of said companies to any further indemnity.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to state that
my colleague [Mr. Rollixs] called for a division
on the first amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
call.
Mr. ROLLINS, ofMissouri. I made itin time.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now to divide
the House on that amendment. The Chair did
not hear the gentleman call for a division.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. When a gentleman
states to the Chair that he called for a division in
time, I think that should be sufficient for the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must rely upon
his own hearing; and he decides that it is too late
to rectify the mistake, if there was one, after the
House has proceeded to other business. The gen-
tleman can move to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment was rejected, if he desires.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes 49, noes 41.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Richard-
son and febsenden were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 46, noes 61.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 50,
noes 51.
Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, of
Massachusetts, and Kellogg, of Michigan, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 49.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred again on the first amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. BLAKE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 01, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Joseph Baily, Baxter,
Fiancis P. Blair, JacobB. Blair, George II. Browne, Wil-
liam G. Biown. Calveit, Clements!, Conway, Corning, Cox,
Cravens, Cnsiield, Culler, Dawes, Diven, Dunlap, Dunn,
Gooch, Goodwin, Glider, Gtuley, Ilaight, Ilale, Hall, IJan-
ehett, Ilorton, Francis W. Kellogn, Lcary, Lehman, Mai-
lory, Maynard, Menzies, Moorhcad, Noble, Noell, Norton,
Ohn, Price, Alexander II. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, Rob-
inson, James S. Rollins,Sedgwick, Sheffield, Smith, John
B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Upton, Wads-
worth, Wallace, E. I\ Walton, Webster, Whale}, Wilson,
Wood, and Wright—61.
NAYS—Me&sis, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Goldsmith F.
Bailey, Baker, Biddle, Iimgham. Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Bumiuun, Campbell, Cbambeilm. Clark, Colfax,
Ftederick A. Conklin<r, Ro&coc Conkhng, Covode, Davis,
Edgerton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fesscn-
den, Fisher, Franc hot, II aiding, f Ian Hon, dolman, Iloopcr,
Hutching Johnson, Julian, Kellcy. William Kelloga, Lan-
sing, Lazeai, Looini*?, Lovejny, McKnight, McPheison,
Marion, An^on P. Moriill, Pendleton,"Pike, Pomeroy,
Poiter. John II. Rice, Sarcent, Shellabai^er, Sherman,
Sluel, Sloan, Stevens, Stratton, Tumble, Tiowbridge, Van
Hoi , Van Valkenbuigh, Verrce, Wall, Charles W. Wal-
ton, Wheclei, AlbeitS. White, WieklitFe, Windoni, Wood-
ruff, and Woices?ter—70.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COX stated that Mr. Morris and Mr.
Nugen were detained from the House by sickness.
The question was then stated upon the follow-
ing amendment reported by the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts:
Which adjustment and liquidation shall preclude any
furthei claim on behalf of such companies against the Gov-
ernment on decountof claim for compensation foi damages
previously aeeiued : And provided fuu thcr, That the Secre-
taiy of War may, in his discretion, withhold fiom time to
time such poition of the moneys which may be due to either
of said laihoud companies, to indemnify the Government
against any failure of .-ueh company to promptly transport
such ti oops and supplies ; but nothing hoi em shall bes*o con-
strued as to prevent the Secretaiy ot War fiom taking pos-
session ot said lailroctds and then appuitcnances, and ap-
plying the same to the exclusive u-e of the Government,
whenever, in his judgment, the public mteiest may lequire
it, without, in such ease, compensation to&aid companies.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
