1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Service of the Militia—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
apiece. A barrel of beer is worth about four dollars. The
tax was twenty-five coins on the dollar; on the pianoforte
one per cent, on the dollar, upon an average. As the law
now exists, there is no duty upon pianos, and fifty cents
upon the dollar's worth of lager. I might run this parallel
through. It is not important I should do so now. Itissaid
we can remedy whatever of wrong there is in this bill at the
next session of Congress. Indeed this is the prompt and
ready reply when any measure is urged or passed to which
objection is made. If wisdom in legislation is exeicised,
if just and necessary acts are, and unjust and unequal ones
are made just and equal, we must look to some future Con-
gress. For one, I have no liopefrom l lie present Congress,
who have done so much misc.Mef to the country, to civil-
ization, and to mankind.
" i hope, I trust, I believe there is public virtue and in-
telligence enough among the people to repair, in some de-
gree, the errors and follies this Congress has committed. If
there is not, the future of our countiy is dark and gloomy
enough."
I add to tlie able, fearless, and full vindication
contained in this extract, that I justify that vote
as a citizen of the great and loyal State of Penn-
sylvania, with her great iron and mineral interests,
which are almost wholly unprotected by the tariff
bill winch afterwards passed this House, and was
considered a part of the tax bill. But, sir, there
is still another reason above and beyond all the
reasons urged or yet assigned for that vote. I
never shall vote for a bill directly taxing my peo-
ple, unless 1 see more clearly than I now do that
the whole and only object of this war is to main-
tain the Constitution and restore the Union. But
a day or two ago a member of this House, [Mr.
Sedgwick,] high in position with this Adminis-
tration, said:
" Ebullitions of impotent passion will not move me on
the subject. I hope that the two things will end together.
I hope that the end of slavery and of this war wtll he writ-
ten together upon the same page of the history of this
country."
The great western luminary, [Mr. Lovejoy,]
who speaks the true sentiments of the abolition-
ists here,-said in April last:
" There can be no Union till slavery is destroyed." *
- * "1 hay you cannot put down the rebellion
and restore the Union, without destroying slavery."
Sir, I might multiply pages upon pages from
speeches delivered in this House, during the last
three months, by leading Republicans and aboli-
tionists, having the confidence of this Administra-
tion, to show that theirpurpose in this war is the
emancipation of all the slaves and the subjugation
of the South.
Wo vote of mine shall ever be given to tax the
people to purchase the freedom of the slaves, and
to thrust upon the border free States a thriftless
horde of negroes, to eatoutour substance and com-
pete with free white labor. With such a record
before me, I shall patiently await the verdict ofthe
people upon my course, never yielding my own
convictions of right, though condemned a thou-
sand times. This attempt to justify will, I am
aware, give to the abolitionists new evidence as to
what they call disloyalty. No man is loyal unless
lie bows to the insatiable maw of abolitionism.
By their standard of loyfdty I never want to be
tried.
But, sir, time admonishes me tl^atl must hasten
on.
The time is near upon us when the principles
of the great national Democratic party will be
vindicated. Tfie charge of disloyalty that meets
us everywhere, and that goes to the country from
this Congress, and that this war is chargeable to
the Democratic party, will need some evidence
when the issue is fairly made up. 1 may be over
sanguine; but I predict that many, very many of
the judgments here pronounced will be reversed
by the people. We must patiently wait future
events, and see how an outraged, deceived, tax-
ridden, and betrayed people will respond.
There was a time when this war could have been
avoided. The Crittenden proposition, if adopted,
would have saved the Republic that is this hour
in most imminent danger. The Republican party
refused to accept the olive branch.
Senator Douglas, in his great speech in January,
1861, spoke of the proposition in these words:
I believe this to be afair basis of amicable adjustment.
If you ofthe Republican side are not willing to accept this,
nor the proposition of the Senatoi from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] piay tell us what you are willing to uo. ~
" I address the inquiry to the Republicans alone; for the
reason that, in the committee of thirteen, a few days ago,
overv member from the South, including those from the
cotton State?, [Mcssi*. Toombs and Davis,] expressed their
readiness to accept the proposition of my venerable mend
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] as a final settlement of the
controversy, if intended and sustained by the Republican
members.
" Ftence the sole responsibility of our disagreement, and
the only difficulty in the way of an amicablc adjustment, is
with tlie Republican party."
The Republicans rejected it, saying, " no com-
promise, "no arbitration," " no adjustment;"
" no union with slavery.'*
The leading Republicans in Congress,and that
party everywhere, indorsed the Helper book.
Speaking of the Republican party, it says:
'''Inscribed on our banner is «<> cooperation vnth slave-
holders in politics—no fellowship with them in religion—>10
association with them in society
Speaking of the Republican party, Wendell
Phillips said:
•< It Is t!ie party of freedom against slavery. It iss the
iioilliern party agaiiitt slaveiy." *
Who, then, is responsible? Somebody is re-
sponsible for the untold and unutterable miseries
ofall these battle-fields. Some party is responsible
for the destruction of our trade and commerceand
the universal desolation that comes to us upon the
wings of the wind from every portion of this con-
tinent. A fearful responsibility rests somewhere
for this sudden rupture ofthe ties of blood and kin-
dred that rend so many loving hearts—that has
placed in deadly conflict brother against brother,
and father against son; that has made usli nation
of mourners; that has carried in its wake woe and
sorrow to every hearthstone in the land.
Before this organized opposition of one section
againstanother, plenty smiled upon a happy, pros-
perous nation. Prom a population of three mil-
lions, in less than a century it had swelled to over
thirty millions. We had stretched our empire
across this continent, from sea to sea, and from
lake to gulf, filling it with towns and cities. How
changed the scene now. Desolation to every in-
terest meets us on every side. Another commer-
cial revulsion threatening us, trade crippled, the
heavy tread of the soldier's horse around the cap-
ital, the groans of the wounded and dying reach-
ing our ears, univeisal bankruptcy staring us in
the face. _ '
Abolitionism has at last accomplished its work
overa Constitution well nigh broken,and through
the fearful ravages of a bloody civil war. Its his-
tory is being wiitten with the bebt blood of the
nation—it is being written amid the sorrows and
wailings of countless widows, sisters, mothers,
and orphans, all over the land. Let it be written
truly. Let the responsibility rest where it be-
longs, upon the abolitionists, who preferred war
to slavery.
Mr. Chairman, every impulse of my heart is
for the preservation of this Government. Beyond
it we have nothing dearer than life itself. 1 shall
maintain it hero and protect it everywhere. I shall
be able to defend it before my people, because I
have never contributed to break it down. I shall
be able to defend it in the name ofthe Deriiocratic
party, which have alwaysstood by itwhen threat-
ened by invasion from without and within. 1 shall
be able to protect and defend it before the loyal
people of my State, while the members of this
abolition party, now loud in denunciation of my
course, will shrink before the terrible condemna-
tion that awaits them by an indignant people.
%
SERVICE OF THJ3 MILITIA.
SPEECH OF HON. J. HARLAN,
OF IOWA,
In the Senate, July 11, 1862.
The Senate having under consideration tlie bill to amend
tlie act calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, to suppress insurrections, and repel invasions-
Mr. HARLAN said:
Mr. President: I think there can be no doubt
but that the President has the power, under ex-
isting laws, to call out more troops; and he is
probably acting in pursuance of that authority
in the intimations given to the Governors of the
States that more would be accepted,. One object,
I Believe, in passing this bill, is to enable him to
call them outfora longerperiod than the law now
authorizes, should he deem it necessary. If this
bill shall become a law it will also be an intima-
tion to the President that in the opinion oT Con-
gress a change of policy is desirable in the par-
ticulars that have been referred to by the Sena-
tors who have spoken this morning. Nor do I
think that such an intimation by Congress ought
to be or would be considered by theProsidentof-
fensive or undesirable. None who understand
the frankness of his nature could entertain such
an opinion. If, in the opinion of Congress, any
change of policy, however small or great, is de-
sirable, I have no doubt he would be gratified
with a clear, unequivocal expression of that opin-
ion, Hence, if the President has the power to do
all that is contemplated by the proposed amend-
ments, their adoption can do no harm, and may
dogood. It divides-the responsibility;and should
lie find it necessary to follow this intimation, he
will have the support of Congress. And , on the
other hand, if existing laws do not, as some sup-
pose, confer on him this power, it is oleaily
gianted by the provisions of this bill and pend-
ing amendments. The people, also, have a light
to know that the President's policy isappioved by
their immediate representatives in the national
legislature. I therefore differ in opinion with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] if I
understand correctly the views presented by him
this morning on this point; and still more radi-
cally in relation to the relative rights of the Gov-
ernment and the people of the rebellious States.
If I understood him correctly in the expression
of hisviewson this subjectafcw days since, they
are quite similar to if not identically the same as
those entertained by Jefferson Davis, and so fre-
quently expressed by him and his associate con-
spirators on this floorduring the last Congress. If
I understood his speech correctly, he believes that
when the people within the limits of any Stale,
with considerable orpractical unanimity, are op-
posed to the Government of the United States,
and desire toi elease themselves from its restraints,
they have a right to dissolve the Union and to or-
ganize anew Government for themselves.
Mr. COWAN. What lsaid upon the subject
is in print. 1 was aware at the time that perhaps
the argument involved a double postulate; that it
wouldnot be comprehended; butlthink nogentle-
man will charge that there is anything like seces-
sion in it. 1 held simply this, and I tiust the Sen-
ate will pardon me for the explanation under the
circumstances: we derive ourauthonty from two
sources. Wc have the Constitution as one source.
From that we derive a portion of our authority.
We derive authority from the fact that we are a na-
tion; and the laws of nations entitle us to do the
same things that other nations have the right to do.
I stated,as Iremember mostdistinctly, that at the
outsetof this rebellion we had a right to take one of
two courses: we had the right to assume that these
States were out of the Union; and we could, by
virtue of our power as a nation, make war upon
them; could make conquest of them, and subjugate
them. If we did that, 1 think it was conceded on all
hands we did it notby virtue of any constitutional
authority wc had, but we might do it by virtue of
ourpowerssimplyundertlielaw of nations. The
question came up, and we solemnly and unani-
mously decided heie that we would not take that
course; we decidcd that the Union was still intact;
that the States had notseceded; and that wc would
proceed against them upon our constitutional au-
thority to suppress rebellion, and in discliaige of
our constitutional guaranty that wc would sup-
press it.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARLAN. I object to a discussion of
this kind. Igaie way for an explanation on the
part of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDENT jiro tempore. The floor is
at the command of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania where in the Constitution he
finds the principle he has now announced, that it
was the right of the Government of ihe United
States to assume one of the two couises; one of
those two courses being a permFssion of the se-
ceding States to go out of the Union, and to be
treated as a foreign State; for that is plainly the
proposition which hehashere announced. 1 deny
any such right on the part of a Stale, whether it
be the unanimous act of its people or simply a
majority of its people.
