1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279S
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I came here pledged to my
people, pledged to my conscience, and determined
to vote all the men, means, and money necessary
to defend the Constitution and Government from
the assaults of its enemies; to do all that 1 could
to put down this rebellion; to maintain the Con-
stitution of our fathers as it was given to us, and to
leave the State governments, when you have over-
come the rebellion, in the possession of all their
constitutional rights and privileges, and with all
their constitutional obligations resting upon them.
I was told by the secession party opposed to me,
that this war would be waged and turned into a war
for the subjugation and destruction of the State
governments, and for the emancipation of their
slaves. I met that charge as best 1 could. I met
it by an appeal to the vote of this House, and a
two-third vo'te, too, by which you proposed to
amend the Constitution of the United States, by
declaring that Congress should not, in any shape
or form, interfere with slavery in the States, and
that the Constitution itself should not be changed
so as to authorize Congress to interfere with the
slave property of the South. You voted an amend-
ment to the Constitution that it never should be
changed on this subject. I quoted your own words
and your tvra resolution, in which you declare
that there is no party in the North worthy of con-
sideration that lias a purpose or design to inter-
fere with the interests of the slave property of the
South. We in the. West were not content with
this vote alone, and in order to be able to quiet
our people, we asked you to pass a resolution in
July last, declaratory of the purposes, objects, and
intentions of this war, and the time when it should
cease. That resolution was passed unanimously.
What do we find is to-day the temper and dis-
position of a majority of this House ? I call upon
the gentleman who seems to be the leader of this
measure to tell me if it is the purpose of the Sec-
retary, and whether it is the intention of the Ad-
ministration, to enter into a crusade by the power
of the Army; or whether you intend to force the
Administration into a crusade, a John Brown raid,
upon the negio property of the country ? Is that
your purpose? What does the gentleman mean
by saying that we have" anew problem to solver"
He says he cannot tell us how much money we
owe, or how much it will require to develop the
solution of this " new problem"—-the problem, I
suppose, which has been put upon your record
to-day. Not content with letting those who in-
cited this war take the consequences and incidents
of war in reference to their property, you propose
to send your Army and commissions into that j
country for the purpose of inviting the slaves of
the peaceableand non-combatants into yourlines,
and free them,arm them,and turn them loose upon
defenseless women and children, to commit rapine,
murder, and conflagration of defenseless habita-
tions.
When money appropriated for the war has been
misapplied, law disregarded in its expenditure, I
am opposed to giving more to be thus misused.
What have you seen done herer The churches
of the living God are taken for hospitals for the
sick and wounded soldiers. I do not object to this
if it is necessary. The Government is now occu-
pying in this city, at high rent, a large tenement,
in which are kept and supported four hundred
(my friend says eight hundred") runaway negroes
at the public expense. [A Voice. Eleven hun-
dred.] Eleven hundred, I am told; I donotknow.
They are fed and clothed out of the money ap-
propriated to feed and pay the soldiers.
Mr. HORTON. I rise to a point of order. It
is that thegentleman from Kentucky is not speak-
ing to the question before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. .
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will show the gentleman
how I apply these remarks to the question before
the House. This money is wanted to keep and
support these negroes m these houses, and 1 am
opposed to borrowing money for any such pur-
pose nnrl taxingmyconstitueiitsforit. [Laugtiter.j
I think that puts me in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Kentucky that his remaiks
must be confined to the subject-matter under con-
sideration, and not indulge in discussion ot mat-
ters which are not before the committee.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The question before the
committee is the issuing of §150,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes. Have I not a right to inquire what
you want with that amount of money just now?
We have a new problem now, says the gentleman
who speaks for the Treasurer, to work out—his
problem—and I am trying to find out what that
problem is. I want to say that I am opposed to
voting one dollar, if it is to be expended m sup-
porting-runaway negroes, and I have a right to
state the facts upon which I have come to that
conclusion.
Mr. HORTON. My point of order was sus-
tained by the Chair. I wish to state another point of
order; the subject-matter of discussion is whether
we shall issue bills of less denomination than five
dollars.
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken. The whole matter is under consid-
eration.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And all its consequences
—taxation as well as disbursement.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit that the question before the com-
mittee is that of borrowing money or issuing bills;
and not the appropriation of money.
The CHAIRMAN. While the proposition
before the committee is the issuing of Treasury
notes, yet the Chair supposes that to some extent
the purposes to which they may be applied may
be discussed. It is difficult to tell where to draw
the line.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to show that what
has been done with money heretofoie may be done
again without authority of law. I have a right to
state that the money of the Government to the
amount of hundreds of thousands of dollars lias
been improperly and illegally expended, and with-
out the authority of law. And 1 am not willing to
intrust the men who thus spend it with any more,
unless they apply it to the purposes for which
Congiess appropriates it. 1 beg pardon if I hurt
anybody's feelings by saying that these buildings 1
occupied by runaway negroes would accommodate j
more sick and wounded soldieis than all the j
churches you have seized. j
The gentleman from New York says he has I
nothing to take back of all he has said. I care J
not for his individual opinions, but he seems to j
occupy asemi-oflicial position,and 1 want to know ■
of him whether it is the purpose of the Adminis- ;
tration to use this war for the purpose of emanci- i
paling the slaves and feeding them after they come ;
within our lines ? I do not believe that one at the j
head of the Administration will do that if he is j
left to the exercise of his own discretion. I wish 1 j
could say the same thing of all. _ j
I could say more upon this subject, but I do not j
desire to waste the time of the House. I would j
gain nothing by it in this House, for I have wit- ;
nessed to-day a scene I regret. The eftect of your j
leeislation sickens my soul; it has destroyed all |
tlie hope I had of living to see this war closed anil |
the Union restored, if they become laws and are
attempted to be enforced. The §lo0,000,000 now
asked for is, in part, I suppose, to carry out the
principles I have heard avowed in and out of this
House, and of developing the new problem by car-
rying on this war—first to emancipate the slaves,
and drive out the white race and give the lands
to the black man. You told the noble and gallant
Army of freemen whom you invited into the field
it was for the purpose of defending the Constitit-
tion, regain the possession of the territory and
property of the Government, to put the Govern-
ment into operation, and enforce the laws. You j
did not tell those men, when they volunteered and ^
left their homes and comforts for three yeais or |
during the war, that you were going to convert ,
them into an abolition army, to seduce the negroes ^
from the honest Union men m the seceding States,
with the view of conliscatingand liberating them, i
as you have done at Port Royal. Ihere, when J
the negroes undertook to go home to their mas- j
ters, your officers would not let them go. When
I get a full report from General Hunter, and a full
account of his arrangements in South Carolina,
showing the means by which he has succeeded in
bringing these negroes into Ins lines, wheio he has j
fed them, clothetfthem, and kept them m idleness
ever since he has had command m that depart- •
ment, I will discuss more fully the abuses of this
application- of the people's money.
II has been avowed upon (his floor by gentlemen
that they want no Union as it was; that they want
first to abolish slavery, to exterminate the popu-
lation or drive them out, to iiave the land settled
with a new race—free negxoess I suppose. If this
be the use to which this money is to be applied,
I cannot give my assent; I am hound to oppose
in my place every measure designed to destroy
the State governments, and thereby destroy the
Union. I want to see the Union restored. When
that is done, I am content to leave the Govern-
ment to be managed by honest men, I care not of
what party.
Sir, the treachery of the South in leaving their
seats has thrown the power of this House into
the hands of an accidental majority. If southern
nien had been faithful to the Constitution, and
had remained here and performed their duties and
obligationsunderit, you would have seen no such
measures as you have triumphantly passed this
House under the previous question, withouteven
giving an old man, the oldest politician and states-
man here, [Mr. Crittenden,] an opportunity of
being heard for one moment in explanation of his
vote. But, sir, f have great confidence in the
people, and when they shall he awakened to the
danger which threatens their liberty, to compre-
hend the length and breadth of your abuse of
power, there willbe a sore reckoning with many.
Mr. POilEROY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to sub-
mit a few very informal remarks in regard to the
measure before the House, and I shall endeavor
to confine myself stricily to the merits of the bill.
In February last,when thcsiibjcctofissuingTrcas-
ury notes was first brought before the House, we
found ourselves ill a very peculiar position. To
undertake with money, lliat is with coin, to can y
the floating debt and meet the expenses of this
war was out of the qucsti-.il. To get currency for
it was equally out of the question, bccause every
bank or nearly eiery bank throughout the whole
loyal portion of the country was suspended, and
it would not answer to rely upon a currency local
in its character, and not even locally convertible
into money. There arose, therefore, a necessity
at that time, that through the instrumentality of
Treasury notes, the Government should provide
itself with something which, if it was not money,
should at least meet the demands of a currency.
It was done; and upon that bill arose a question
of principle which i say here, that nothing short
of a dissolution of this Union and the disbantl-
ment of the Army will ever make me consent to,
and that was the abandonment of gold as the ba-
sis of the indebtedness of this country. The issue
of the controversy upon that question, if not to
the satisfaction of the Secietary of ihe Treasury
and a portion of the Committee of ^Vays atld
Means who reported that bill, was satisfactory to
a ma joi liy, at least, of this House, and has proved
satisfactory to the country, and it" we are saved
from inflation and a financial panic, it will be by
reason of that vei y demerit, as the chairman of tlie
Committee of Ways and Means calls it.
Upoll this question, because it is said much more
concise! v and peispicuously than 1 can say it my-
self, I w'ill read a very short extract from an ed-
itorial in the New York Tribune of the 14th in-
stant. Referring to the proposition now before the
House to issue further Treasury notes, the writer
says;
" But a single impoitant point is left uncovered by Mr.
Chase's piojcet—that of equation (absolute or vutua ) with
com. It is not to be l'&rgotten that the payment ot interest
in specie was no part of the Secretary', original scheme of
issuing lejral tender Ticasury notes, nor yet of that of ihe
Ways and Me.uia Committee of the House. It was liti.ially
tweed upon them by the piaeticai food <ense of
tiv. winch peieeived that a paper currency, redeemable at
the nleasure of tlie issuei and paying intctc&t in ju t &ucn
.ape. was .1will-o'-w.sp that would lead us directly into
general coiifiisioii and insolvency. rio enact that pebble*
shall be dollars is simply to decree that debtors shall pay
their dues with nothing, and that tbeicaftet there bhall be
no currency. The value of tlie TieabUiy notes to-day m-
Jieies in the fact that they are convertible into apublicse-
em ay whereon the interest i> p.i>ablc in com. Take away
that, and the premium on specie would rise—mother words
the Treasury notes would depreciate—-to mate utterly de-
structive of tiade and credit thiough the derangementof all
money values."
That extract expresses better than I could ex-
press in my own words my own views of the issue
of Treasury notes made in February, and I am
gratified to find that it is not recommended by the
President, through the Secretary of the Treasury,
nor is it proposed by the committee who reported
this bill now to issue notes of any other kind.
The question before us is not that stated yesterday
by the member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Spaulding,] who presented the bill,
