814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
But when you undertake to confine the purchase
of vessels exclusively to naval officers, 1 say this
House shuts its eyes against the light and will do
vast injury to the service, and vessels will be pur-
chased without economy and without considera-
tion. •
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr.HOLMAN. If there be no objection, I
desire to propound a question to the gentleman
from New York.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the gentleman will proceed. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. HOLM A N. I merely wish to ask a question.
_ Themain objection of thegeiulemantotheeniploy-
ment of naval officers is, that their employment,
t<5 a greater or less extent, upon board of vessels
prevents their being brought in connection with
the ordinary business transactions of the country.
But there is a Bureau of Construction connected
with the Navy Department. The gentlemen con-
nected with that department have, of course, no
kind of connection with the mere running of ves-
sels. But the head of that department! under-
stand to be a man eminently qualified, not only
to examine vessels, but to determine upon their
fair value. They arc gentlemen appropriately
connected with that department of business; and
I submit to the gentleman, in view of the experi-
ence of the past, which lias already sapped the
foundations of public confidence to some extent,
where agents have been employed, whether it
would not be better, with a view to the restoration
of that confidence, to secure the services of re-
sponsible officers of the Government, under the
sanction of their official oaths and bonds, to do
this business; and whether the Bureau of Con-
struction cannotfurnish persons amply competent
for the performance of these duties? And cer-
tainly, if there are mistakes made by the non-em-
ployment of business men, even then it is better
for the Government to operate through its legiti-
mate agents than, by the employment of non-
responsible persons, weaken the public faith in the
Government.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If I knew how much of
that was speech,.and how much question, I should
be able to answer the gentleman more understand-
ingly.
The difficulty with the gentleman in the outset
is that the officer to which'he refers is not a naval
officer at all. The chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction is no more a naval officer than I am, and
the clerks jn his employment are in no sense naval
officers.
Mr. HOLMAN. He is an officer of the Navy
Department,
Mr, SEDGWICK. As long as lie is connectcd
with the Bureau of Construction he is connected
with the Navy Department, and his duties are
proscribed by law; but he has full employment
without attending to the purchasing of vessels. He
is a mechanical engineer, who designs the plans
and forms of vessels, but necessarily he does not
know anything about the construction or the value
of a merchant vessel. lie is by no means, from
bis position or education, fitted for purchasing or
trafficking m met chant vessels-, and it would be just
as inappropriate to employ him in that as it would
be to take a Navy ojHcor from the command of
a squadron and set him to work in the Bureau
of Construction to draft the form and plans of a
vessel.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I propose to modify my
amendment so that instead of reading "officers of
the Navy," it shall read " officers of the Navy
Department."
Mr. SEDGWICK. When the amendment is
so modified, any agent who is authorised by the
Navy Department to buy vessels is just as much
a part of the Navy Dcp irtment as is the chief of
the Bureau of Construction. lie is an agent of the
Department, employed for a particular service,
and so is an agent to purchase a vessel. The gen-
tleman ^amendment defeats itself,
Mr. WiCKLlFFE. To the amendment before
the House 1 do_ not know that my remarks will
be exactly pettinrnt; but I hope the House will
cxcuse mo if tiny are not.
I seize upon this occasion to donn actof justice
to my State. I hold in my hand an article pub-
lished in the New York Tribune. It is as follows:
"Zolllcofier's body lay for neatly three days on the ground,
in front of the sutlers of the tenth Kentucky, wrapped up in
a blanket. He was a man of middle height, light hair, rather
long features, well-foimed profile, and rather pleasant ex-
pression of countenance, which grim death had not alto-
gether destroyed. His skin was beautifully white and clear.
He had his beard shaved off on the evening helore the bat-
tle, probably in order to be less easily recognized. I am
sorry to say that his lemains were outrageously treated by
the thousands of soldiers and citizcns that flocked to see
him. Not only was all of his hair cut off close to the skull,
but the body was stripped of its clotlung. When killed, he
had on a white lubber coat, under which he wore a full
general's uniform; the boots, his over and undershirt, and
even his socks, were either carried off whole or gradually
cut off in pieces. On Tuesday evening the body was al-
most naked. This kind of cuuosity-hunting borders on van-
dalism. The warm weather that prevailed after the battle
hastened the decomposition of the remains. Then was
literally £ treason smelling to heaven.' "
Allow mo to say that i have seen a statement,
from an authentic source, of the mode and manner
in which the United States troops, and those of
Kentucky particularly, treated the corpse of that
distinguished man—distinguished, as he was, as
a member of this House. His body was carried
to Somerset as soon as it was discovered. It was
there decently dressed and put into a coffin, the
best they could get, and then sent to the headquar-
ters of the Kentucky troops at Munfordsville in
company with the sergeant of his brigade, who
was taken prisoner. When notice wasgiven that
his corpse was coming to that place, it was met by
a military escort under the command of the com-
mander of the post, and was conducted to a town
near Munfordsville. The next day, at that place,
the body was embalmed by a surgeon of the Uni-
ted States Army. Under a flag of truce and a mil-
itary escort, at the head of which was the colonel
of a regiment, the body met a flag; of truce from
the enemy coming from Bowling Green, ata place
called Boll's Tavern. Such was the feeling mani-
fested upon both sides, that it extorted fiom the
sergeant who was taken prisoner an expression
of surprise at the ticatmcnt received, and he ex-
piesscd the belief that there would be peace be-
tween the two sections in six months.
I pronounce this communication in the New
York Tribune false, and without the shadow of a
foundation.
The question was taken on Mr. ITolman's
aiflffhdmcnt, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. F. A. Conkling; and being taken,
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I move to amend
the same clause of the bill by inserting, after the
word " employed," where it occurs in the sixty-
third line, the following:
Without :uiy additional compensation therefor than the
official pay of such officer so employed.
Mr. Chairman, probably the clause, as it now
stands, might be construed to mean what it would
mean with the amendment in it. I rather offer
the amendment for the purpose of ascertaining
whether it is the design of the section, as it now
stands, that if a naval officer should be employed
to make these purchases, he would be entitled to
additional compensation over that which he ic-
ceives as such naval officer.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Thcie w a statute which
expressly forbids an officer of the Army or of the
Navy to have additional compensation, over and
above his legal pay, for anything that he does in
the public service.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I am aware that
there is such a statute; but the gentleman knows
that the effect of subsequent legislation upon ex-
isting statutes often gives rise to great doubt and
embarrassment, and the last legislation, ofcoursc,
always pie vails, and is the law, if it conflicts with
the former. The word " employed" would seem
to indicate that this is a retention of the officer in
some new relation than that which was his official
one to the Government; and in order to exclude
a conclusion, and make it plain that these officers
could not bo held under a ictainer, as indicated by
the word " employed," I suggest the amendment.
It can do no harm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is after four o'clock, and
I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee tosc; and the Spcakerhaving
resumed thu chair, Mr. McKnicht reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration,and particularly bill of the House No.
242 making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, 1862, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WOOD, (at seven
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 14, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr.Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy of a special treaty be-
tween the United States and His Majesty the King
of Hanover, for the abolition of the Stadt dues,
which was signed at Berlin on the 6th of Novem-
ber last, and recommending a prompt appropria-
tion of the money necessary to carry it into effect;
which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PATENT OFFICE KEPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, communicating the annual report of the
Patent Office for the year 1861; which was ordered
to be printed, and a motion of Mr. Trumbull to
print ten thousand extracopies, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Douglas county, Wisconsin, and a petition ofciti-
zensof St. Louiscounty, Minnesota,praying that
mail routes No. 13581, from St. Paul to Bayfield,
and from Sunrise to Superior, be abolished, and
one consolidated route established from St. Paul
to Bayfield, via Superior; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Margaret B.
Franks, praying compensation for articles fur-
nished, and labor performed, by John Lawe, for
the use of the United States troops stationed at
Green Bay, in Illinois, in the year 1827; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROYpresentcd a petition of citizens
of Kansas, praying for the establishment of a
daily mail route fromTopeka to Humboldt, in
that State; winch was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented additional papers relating to
the petition of James Pool; which were referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Scott county, Iowa, praying for the establish-
ment of a national armory at Rock Island, Illi-
nois; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Iowa,
praying for the total abolition of slavery through-
out the country; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Harriet F. Fisher, praying for additional com-
pensation for the use by Government of a machine
for filling percussion caps; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairsand the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Richard M.
Bouton, praying additional compensation for the
use by the Government of a machine invented by
himforthe manufacture of percussion caps; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Miluia.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of Wil-
liam C. Jcwett, of Colorado, asking for general
opposition to European interference by an increase
of the Navy. Also, to check interference in Mex-
ico—evidently intended to strengthen foreign po-
sitions—by the assumption of the Mexican Euro-
pean debt. Also, to disarm the southern leaders
of the rebellion, a proclaimed policy of the Admin-
istration, setting forth that the Army is not to
interfere with slavery, but to preserve the Union
and Constitution intact; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of Jesse
Ellis, an invalid pensioner, praying to be ex-
empted from periodical examinations by physi-
cians; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions,
