279B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJL
June 18,
nor yet that stated by the gentleman from Ken-
tacky; [Mr. Wigicliffe,] who has just occupied
the floor\ ' The question is not one of issuing
$150,000^000 more of notes. If that is the ques-
tion, then I am free to say I am against the bill.
As I understand the question it is simply this: an
adjournment of this House, orat least a recess for
a considerable period, is imminent. I presume
that the majority of this Congress do not intend
to stay here until next December to run the war.
We have-heard a great deal about runningthe war
here'ever- since Congress convened; but as yet I
have seen very little done by Congress in that di-
rection. I think the attempt is pretty well aban-
doned. There is to be an adjournment or a recess.
Now, for one, during the period intervening be-
tween the adjournment of this Congress and its
convening again, 1 am willing to give to the Pres-
ident, in regard to the Treasury, the same plenary
power that i am-willing to give to him in regard
to the forces in the field. If he were to send a
message here to-day asking authority to raise a
million men, I should say, " I do not think any-
thmgof that kind is necessary, but I will give you
the power, and the country will hold you respons-
ible for the exercise of that power." I am will-
ing in like manner to say to the President, if you
want power during the time that Congress shall
not be in session to issue more of this currency
than is now authorized by law, I am willing to
give it, but it is financial rum to exercise any such
power in the present condition of the country. I
will do it, because we shall be away for three
months, and we had better let the finances of the
country suffer during that time, if the necessity
arises, rather than that the Union shall perish or
the Army be disbanded lam willing to give the
President powers to exercise when Congress is
not here that I would not let him have for a day
while Congress is here, and when exigency arises
for giving power to the President it is to be plen-
ary power.
Now, I say that this bill cannot be defended
upon any other ground. I will not undertake to
defend it upon any other, and it is a hard matter
to bring my mind to consent to it, even upon that
ground; but if Congress is to be adjourned, then
the plenary power must exist.
The conflict that arises upon this question, and
the conflict that exists to-day in this country, is
simply this: whether the fund for maintaining the
credit and meeting the engagements of this Gov-
ernment shall be metby loans ormet by Treasury
notes. This Government has got to meet us en-
gagements from loans. Referring to the semi-offi-
cial statement made a few days since by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Da.wes,] as to
the condition of the country—and i refer to it be-
cause it is grouped under fewer heads than the
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury—it ap-
pears that the total indebtedness of the Govern-
ment on the 23d day of May last, was $481,796,145.
That indebtedness was made up as follows:
immediate liabilities .**19.748,638 14
Old public debt '70^104,955
Three years bond.1-, Au^ut-t 19 and October 1.. 10u;000,000 00
Three years bonds, additional «. 20,518,450 00
Two year-* six per cent  2,769,650 00
United States notes J 41,0-20,000 00
Twenty veaiss bond**, acts of July and Au-
gust ,'1661  50,000.000 00
Oregon war debt    8b^3o0 00
Oeiufieates ot indebtedness  46,003,000 00
Six per cent, five-twenty years bonds  2,121,-350 00
$483,085,494 05
Less amount m Treasury  1,890,319 00
.$'481.793,145 05
And yet, in the argument made yesterday by
my colleague [Mr. Spaulding] I find this re-
mark: u The funded debt of the United States, as
reported by the .Secretary of the Treasury to Con-
gress May 25), 1862, was as follows"—giving then
a statement of those very same Hems, only more
in detail. It is called a funded debt, and yet em-
braces $49,000,000 deposits borrowed on ten days'
call, on which we arc paying four and five per
cent., besides the depreciation in the currency it-
self, and there is also included the $150,000,000 in
Treasury notes ! Of the whole debt of this war,
from the time the conflict in arms commenced until
to-day, only about$180,000,000 has been funded,
and only §30,000,000 of that for a period extend-
ing beyond three years, except $50,000,000 of six
per cent, bonds which were sold at the rate of
seven; and yet we arc told, because the average
interest on it is only four and thirty-five hun-
dredths per cent., that therefore it is a satisfactory
condition of affairs.
Now, I say that it is a false policy—that of un-
dertaking to do what we call upon the street" shin-
ning," because you can shin on call at less than
you can borrow on loan. All but $180,000,000 of
that debt is being shinned upon the street, or con-
sists of forced circulation.
If a man should come to me and present that
statement of his affairs, and say that he had land
worth $10,000,000,000, I should say to him,
" mortgage your farm and fund your debt, you
have no business to be carrying a floating indebt-
edness from day to day, and from week to week,
because you can get, it at a rate of four or five per
cent." It is for the interest of this Government to
fund its debt, whether it pays five, six, seven, or
seven and three tenths per cent. Notwithstand-
ing this showing of four and thirty-five hundredth
per cent, average rate of interest, the cheapest
loans which this Government has made are the
seven and seven and three tenths per cent. A Gov-
ernment, above all other debtors, must fund its
debt. A Government has no personal property.
It has no available resources. It cannot meet a
temporary obligation, except by borrowing. To
undertake to rely on one street loan to meet an-
other, is the height of folly. The Government
should rely on its funded debt, whether it pay five
or six or seven or eight per cent., rather than rely
on a floating indebtedness, such as these notes
compose a part of. We have already issued
$150,000,000 of these notes. If these $6(3,000,000
are practically withdrawn from circulation by rea-
son of their enhanced value—-they being received
forduties—then we have hadatnotime more than
$90,000,000 of these notes in circulation. What
is the effect of this? Go to the stock market, or
to the marts of business, where speculators or
dealers in loans congregate, and you will see the
fevenshness of inflation. On Saturday last ster-
ling bills were over one hundred and eighteen in
Wall street, and gold one bund red and seven. You
cannot call that a lise in gold. Gold has notgone
up. Your notes have gone down. A man who
jumps from a boat might as well say, as he sinks
in the water, that the boat is going up. The, trou-
ble is that he is going down New York Central,
which sells in Wall street at ninety-five, is worth
in fact but eighty-nine; and that would be the
true quotation.
Now, it is utterly impossible to make these ,
notes answer the purpose of money even with the !
present differences established on Wall street be- '
tween them and coin. For that reason I say that j
were Congiess tocontinue here in permanentses- j
sion I would give no power to issue any more of i
these notes, unless some exigency should arise, j
such as does not exist to-day, for the further is-
suing of them. My colleague [Mr. Spaulding]
said in his speech yesteiday: !
" I am dKpo^rd to give the Proletary power to is^ue the \
additional §130,000,000 United State? note.* asked for by i
lum; but, at the same tune, J tee! tin* impoiinnce of having !
fhi« 'power exorcised dn-cieeiiy,and 1 tru^t that he will not ;
is>hue 01 pay them out at ail, when motley can bo obtained :
at par on our six per cent, bonds. I do not understand that :
the Secretary intends to have them a!! i^swd and put into j
circulation at any one time ; on the contrary, 1 believe he (
has no Mich intention, ile wants the pow<jr to issue and
u-e them if ncee.^aiy, but nor oth'-nw^e When he can j
obtain a sufficient amount of money at par, on *ix percent. ]
bond-*, or by temporaiy deposit? m the Treasury, theie will j
be no necc-sity foi their issue, and the Secretary assures |
us in hi? lettei that no fuither issue of notes will be made J
when that can be done." j
Now, I deny that that is the test by which the i
issue of these notes is to be governed. It is better ;
for us to-day to borrow money in Wall street at ■
ninety-five for six per ccnt. bonds or for seven j
per cent, bonds, than to undertake to inflate the j
currency in the present condition of the currency 1
of the country. The conflict of opinion that ex- '
ists to-day is between the fundmgand the further
issuing of these notes. ;
There is this further difficulty with a depreciated
currency—that the very moment such a condition ,
of things become chronic, coin converts itself sim-
ply into an article of eonmiuice. Gold dollars are, >
forallpracticai purposes, converted into gold bars. \
They cease to becomc money. They become sim- !
ply an article of commerce. We have now in this
country $300,000,000 of com, if the statement of ;
the Secretary of the Treasury, made to Congress i
at the commencement of the session, is to be re-
lied upon. You cannot maintain a difference be-
tween that and the currency of the country at five
per cent, without a practical remolding of all this
coin into simple bars for purposes of commerce.
There is this further reason why the Govern-
ment had better borrow, even if it have to sell
bonds below par, than to issue an excess of notes.
We see to-day that Government is borrowing on
deposit—that it lias on deposit $50,000,000 of its
own notes, borrowed at five and four percent.;
and it is claimed that therefore it is a cheap trans-
action. The only object of the Government bor-
rowing back these notes at all is for the purpose
of reissuing them. It issues them, and pays them
out at a depreciation, as it stands to-day in the
market, of six per cent.; because ther,e is that dif-
ference between gold and this paper. Thus, at
every issue of this currency, at every time we bor-
row it and reissue it, we are paying at the rate of
four and a half*per cent, per annum, and an addi-
tional charge of six per cent, every time we issue
it. That is the practical effect of it. This cur-
rency is convertible into bonds, principal and in-
terest payable in coin. It represents to us com.
If we do not receive it, and pay it out at the equiv-
alent of coin, then we pay, as a shave in the mar-
ket, the difference.
Now, as between persons who are bartering one
with the other, they may, each of them, make an
allowance in the enhanced price of their articles
to cover this difference. A man selling giam to a
merchant and taking back goods in payment may
charge an extra three cents per bushel to counter-
act the extra six cents per yard which the mer-
chant charges for his cloth. In that way they may
counteract each other. Butthe Government which
does not deal in barter can make no offset of that
kind, and consequently has to pay the difference,
whatever it may be, of the depreciation.
But, again, Mr. Chairman, there is nothing in
the foreign exchanges of the Government calling
for any such state of things. I find that for the
eleven months and two weeks intervening between
the commencement of this fiscal yeai and the close
of last week, our aggregate imports at the port of
New York were in round numbers $1:26,000,000.
The year before they were $186,000,000, making
a difference of $60,000,000 between the two years.
In other words there was £60,000,000 saved to our
people this year by their greater economy. At
the same time there was an increased export of
$9,000,000, as compared with the corresponding
period Uist year. There was also a decrease in the
specie exports during that time of §1,150,000; and
during the same period we had received from the
State of California an additional sum of more than
§28,000,000.
Now, it should not be claimed against facts and
figures.such as these that Government should con-
sent to increase an irredeemable currency to the
extent of serious depreciation. Our foreign trade
was never better than it is to-day. The reason
presented by the Secretary of the Treasury m his
letter for the issue of these notes is this:
" It if, therefore, upon the convcisionofthe United States
notes into five-twenties—now piaeucally limited to the
$90,000,000 of legal tender note**—and upon i^cuipts fiosu
customs, that theTiea ury mu:it depend, undoi existing le-
gislation. foi means to meet cuneiu expeiuhtuies.
" No sate ichance can be placed on conveiHon--, &o fai as
^xpenenef1 ha^ nfiotded any grounds n** estimate, for more
than $150,000 d.uiy, and the daily avetaye revenue fioin
customs, during the past month, has been about §230,000."
We arc told in this letter that it is necessary to
estimate on the basis of $1,000,000 a day, and that
these sources will only realize $380,000 of that
million. But what is the fact.'' During the last
week the average conversions of these Treasury
notes into bonds were $275,000 per day, instead
of $150,000. On the Friday and Saturday of last
week and the Monday of this week these conver-
sions averaged <,500,000 a day. The exact figures
for last week aie as follows:
Monday  $130,0-28 29
TuesdaV  19 i'.752 6L
Wednesday    181.£17 *21
Thin-day  13-1,0-23 07
Friday  516.1'22 60
tfatuiday  528,192 94
Total  $1,682,536 72
and the amount on Monday of this week was over
four hundred thousand dollars.
The period has only just commenced for the
practical working of this scheme, so far as it was
