1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
tended to us upon either side, and in our investi-
gations there to imitate, humbly as we might, but
as far as in us lay, that personification of Justice
which hangs in all our courts, and which makes
her blindfold, hearing, but not seeing, men. We
were no respecters of persons. We were charged
with the duty of examining into contracts made,
and the report upon which would be a matter of
consideration for the House.
Therefore it is that I care not for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
pax,] for it may be that it should be adopted as
a proper course of examination when it has any
application to the course of examination, and not
otherwise.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says we
went out there as the enemies of Fremont, pur-
suinghim. And what was the awful result? That
when we found out a contract made there about
horses—a contract about which the quartermas-
ter who made it said he had spent hours and weeks
and months in tiying to find, without any suc-
cess, the man Sacchi, who made it. The quarter-
master who made this inquiry was a tried soldier
of the regular Army, who has served for many a
year in that capacity. In reference to this Sacchi,
who had this contract, Quartermaster Turnley
says—not the committee, though we are held re-
sponsible for what the quartermaster said:
" ft came out that Sacelu was nobody, a man of straw,
living in a sanet in New York, whom nobodv knew any-
thing about; u man who \va>< biouqhr here (^t. Louib)
a good person thionali whom to work. That rather rccoiied
upon Wood, wiio bioujrht lam to me."
That is the language of Captain Turnley of the
regular Army, and not the language of the com-
mittee. And yet the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania arraigns the committee, and says that there
are two things, dreadful and awful—dishonest is
the word used—and the result of fraud upon the
part of the committee; for he says it turned out
afterwards, on the affidavit of the man himself,
that this Sacchi, whom the witness said was <10-
hudy, was somebody, and did not hve 111 any-
body's garret in New York, but had given deeds
and monua^es in New Yoik—especially mort-
gages—as to which he referred to the r-cords.
And just at this moment, as appeal s by the Globe,
in the midst of that most intense and ternfic phil-
lipn' of the gentleman from Pennsylanid [Mr. Ste-
vens] against the committee for this mistake of
their's, uses the gen lie tna u fiom New Ymk, [Mr.
Roscoe Coxklin'g.] as it intending to lntuiiupt
the gentleman from Pennsylvania for some impor-
tant communication, and wishes the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give w'ay right there. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania gives way,and the
gentleman from New Yoiksays he wishes to call
the attention of the House, in this connection, to
the " starofBcthlehem" [laughter] and the " cru-
sade for freedom m freedom's holy land." [Re-
nt-wed laughter.] But the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was in no mood for poetry,and thrust
aside the gentleman's sentimentality and elo-
quence. lie felt, as it appears from the Globe, too
much as the blood-hound does at the moment of
spi m^ins; upon the throat of his victim, to be inter-
rupted by poetry; and he exclaims, a« much as to
say, " away with your { star of Re the lum' and your
'crusade for freedom in freedom's holy land'"
—says he does not core any more about that than
he does about the contract for horses, though
steeped in fiaud dark as the bottom!* ss pit. Pie
says, "it is enough for me to know that lie (Sac-
chi) was not the man who made the boise contract
at all;" it is enough for me to know that I have
detected the comunttec, not in any mistake ab.nit
the fraudulent character of the contract, but 111 the
meat mistake of supposing t hat one man,beanng
the same name, happened to be another man who
bore that name: and then, upon the strength of
that, rising in triumph over the committee he ex-
claims:
u \iid jf the committee bad mid an honest nmpo-*e to
know the tiiiih. Uiej would haw known t!i it; and y'ttivv
Jill -oveial pane-* 0! then lepoii in chai l'i'iu ih.it Fu'iiemt
save tin- eonnact to a memoei < f hi-* own •■•t.itF. i a*k
wn.'it \oii would think 01 the nMiui.nn of-neh a wimc^
lound )yim$ one day' "Would you believe Inm on ilie
no.M
And here, j.1st at this point, he addit sv s sr ne
able law yer of the Hum-so—the Globt. dot s tv do
him justice hole, lor itdoes not *>tate to wlm alio
alludes—
"Von r.ra an ah!.' lawv.u. and know how huk-Ii eiedn
such a witness 111 entitled to. Yon know that if lie is found
falsifying in one ca^e, you will not believe inm in any."
This is the charge, falsus in uno, falsus in om-
nibus—they make a mistake m leference to the in-
dividual, and that is enough forme. I charge them
with lying; I charge them with falsehood; and I
ask some able lawyer in this House if it is riot
enough? Such is substantially the language of
the^entleman from Pennsylvania.
But I do not want to do injustice to this scene;
and I beg the House to let me read this language
just as it occurred, in order that the whole beauty
and force of this passage may be better seen than
I can describe it. I said that in the midst of this
accusation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
the gentleman from New York, whom I like al-
ways to hear, always eloquent, always classical,
sometimes biblical, rushes to the floor, and says:
" Will the gentleman allow me to make a remark just
there ?
" Mi. Stevens. Yes, sir.
"Mr. Ro<coe Conki.ing. This youri? man Sacchi. who
in named In ie. is, I undeif=tand, a man who ha-, been dee-
otared lor heioic action^ upon the battle-tiehHof Italy more
than oncti. a man who came here following the star of nee-
doin a« the shepherd*- followed the star ot J3ethlehem, and
went out into that department and joined Fremont's s*tafl,
not tor pav,«ot for rank, but aa a volunteer; a man who
came hem, in the language of anotnei,4 to crusade forfiee-
dom m freedom's hoi) land.'
" Mi. Ktevp.vs. It is enough for me to Know that he is
not the man who made the hoise contract at all."
[The reading of the above extract excited great
merriment in the Plouse.]
The gentleman from New York will pardon me
—for he knows that 1 appreciate the beauty of that
passage as well as he does—for saying that that
elegant passage of his m connection with the
speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, re-
minds me of what myfuend fiom Missouu [Mr.
Rolli.vs] said ycsteidayof the peai 1 in the toad's
head. [Greatlaughter.] And then the gentleman
from Pennsylvania exclaims: ''It is enough; my
soul is satisfied; I hove the committee by the
throat; here is a mistake 111 the name of an indi-
vidual ; falsus in uno, falsus in omnibus; I put it to
the ablest lawyer u this House: are not the com-
mittee liai s Sir, U 1 eminds me of a lawyer who
] i told me that upon a certain occasion he undei Look,
J wi;h what success he nn^ht be aide, to defend a
!! criminal detecttd in fluctuate delicto, and, as is
'I always the custom when men are so detected, the
|j only defense was to set upan alibi; ho pioved the
j alibi with great success; the man had never been
i! on the spot, and knew not where the spot was
where the crime had been commuted; and toward
the close, the prisoner, thinking he was something
of a lawyer also, got up and insisted on putting
in his view of the case, and deelaied to the juiy
that he could show them that the witnesses swore
falsely when they said there were two beds in the
100m; he told them, as my friend fiom Pennsyl-
vania said here, upon hts conscienec, that there
was only one bed 1 n that room, and then exclaimed
triumphantly, m the language of the "gentleman
from Pennsylvania, " witnesses who can be false,
in one tiling are false in all—falsus in uno, fuhus
in omnibus The difficulty was in the verdict of
tiie jury more than in the theory of the defendant
on that occasion.
Mr. WASFjBURNE. If my fiiond will aive
way for a moment, as illustiating this Sacciii
contract, whu h has so much sympathy here, I
diMrc to read an exti.ict from the report of the
Ilolt and Davis commission m St. Louis. It
seems that a certain numh> r of horses wei e really
bought under that contract, amounting to some
six 01 seven thousand doliais, but when the mat-
ter came to be exposed, there was no man who
dared to come before the commission and make
that claim. They say:
*• Thoutrn the claim w a< foi the lame huh of <'G.o00. none
of the oiigm.il papeiss weie filed. 1101 di'i Mr. IhUimi [lllc
man who claimed u~> own u] e\vi npp -'u bejnre u- ft
i-= !i.udi\ po^*ibk liut lie would iiaVt- mi! Ill" chance Of"
!o nig a el.urn of MH h in.iiT'iude. \mle~-. pit ie h u! been
-01 ne urgent n umhi i01 d-'< Uiuoj; u> -annul liniwh to .-ueh
an examination, either on hi< own account. 01 on that of
tne pei-011- uoni whom lie nbianitd an as-ignaieut ot tlie
conn act. '
That is'what the Holt commission say.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask the gentleman
fiom iliinois whether the u-ntuut to which that
passage 1 e 1 e2s wa>$ a contract made by a member
of General Fremont's * if? For that 1^ the ques-
tion in issue now. D •. thai paragmph ie''-- to
a contract made hv f nember of General Fre-
mont's ^tafl?
Mr. DAWES. I will dispose of that question.
It refers to a contract drafted by Captain Turnley,
of the regular Army, by the direction of J. C.
Woods, upon General Fremont's staff, sitting in
General Fremont's office, or else Captain Turnley
is mistaken. That^s all. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. Shanks] suggests, which I believe is true,
that Woods was directed to make it by Fremont
himself.
Mr. SHANKS. Captain Turnley was directed
to do it.
Mr. DAWES. I have studied, in order to avoid
other complications in this matter, not to mention
Fremont's name, or anything that reflects upon
him, during this discussion. Whatever there may
be in that matter, the committee on Government
contracts are on trial at this time, and not General
Fremont or any of his party.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a single question?
Mr. DAWES. If the House will let me have
my time, I ha\e no objection.
Mr. KELLEY. I simply want to ask whether
Auguste Sacchi, of General Fremont's s^aif, had
part or lot in the contiact to which that paragraph
relates? Pie has a character as well as other men.
Mr. DAWES. Well, my dear sir, do bo. patient
with me, arid hear me till I get to the end. I was
about to say that the committee are on trial on a
charge of dishonesty for making a mistake and
confounding the Sacchi who made the contract
with this Sacchi upon General Fiemont's staff.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who took command of the attack on Mon-
day—and in which attack my friend from the
Philadelphia district acted only as a subordinate
—charged the committee,upon thatoccasion, with
occupying several pages of their report in attempt-
ing to prove that that Sacchi was the same Sacchi
who was upon General Fremont's staff, when
every word 111 the report touching that point is
contained in three lines, which I have before me,
and which I will read:
ft will haidly be believed ihnt the name of this s.nne
Sncehi appe.'itv 111 the uew*.p;ipet< a-- being on the «=taff of
Geneial Fu'mont, at Springfield, with the rank ot captain.
That is all—just three lines; the committee sup-
posing that the name leferred to the same indi-
vidual, called attention to the fact that the news-
papers contained that name. And yet the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania felt justified in saying
that we devoted several pages of our report to an
endeavor to prove that fact! Now, it is abso-
lutely nccessaiy to convict the gentleman from
Pennsylvania of utter ignorance of what he was
talking about, m order to acquit him of an inten-
tional misrepresentation of the committee.
Air. KELLEY made a remark which was in-
audible at ! lie lepoi tei s'desk.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman seems de-
sirous of taking part in this controversy, I will
just say to him that when he attacked the com-
mittee m its absence several weeks since, we ac-
cepted his apology that he did it inadveruntly,
although the Globe shows that his attention was
called to the fact, when he rose to make that at-
tack, that the committee were absent from the
House; and the gentleman returned to the attack
the fust rime he found the committee again absent
from she House. This is the only remark I de-
sne to make in this connection touching his dis-
position to assault the committee in its absence.
If the final report of the committee does not re-
\eal why the gentleman is desirous of undei min-
ing the confidence of the House m the committee,
then there may be occasion for us to remark fur-
ther upon the question, why upon two distinct
occasions, when the committee were absent, the
gentleman felt it to be his bouuden duty to under-
take to undermine the confidence of the House
and the conntiy in the committee.
Now 1 wish to rail the attention of the House
distinctly to the motives which prompted the at-
t-ck of Monday last. When the House and the
country come to know, as the committee knows,
what prompted this attack, they will appreciate
it quite as well as the committee does. The com-
mittee encouiiteied no such opposition from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, m the early
stages of their iiiVe^Uiration. It was only when
the e.ommiEtee, in the way of its duty, came to
throw itself between theTieasuiy of the United
Stales and a private speculation in which one Si-
