1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
designed to operate in converting Treasury notes
into bonds. It never would commence so long as
these notes were being received on deposit at ten
days' call, and interest paid on them at the rate
of Jive per cent. When that void was filled up—
which never, in my opinion, ought to have been
created, and which,! think, mars the bill now
before us—the current of these Treasury notes set
in toward conversion; and every week will show
an increase in that movement. Why must it not
be so? The certificates issued by the Govern-
ment, payable in a year, with six per cent, inter-
est, are'selling to-day at five eighths per cent,
premium over the notes on the street. It is per-
fectly idle to say, then, that this stock, running
five years certainly, and perhaps twenty, with
interest at six per cent., payable semi-annually,
is not worth more than this currency also.
Taking only the results of last week, and put-
ting therequireinentsof the Treasury at $1,000,000
a day, and to make that up you have the average
of £,230,000 per day as the actual receipts from
customs, and you have the daily conversion of
$270,000 per day, as shown by the results of last
Week; you have thus §500,000 per day made up
towards the §1,000,000 per day expenses. There
is, then, the amount to be received from internal
taxes, which, at the lowest estimate I have heard
anybody give, will reach $100,000,000 a year.
That will give us §333,333 per day, leaving only
§166,166 per day—or an aggregate of less than
§30,000,000 until Cong ress again convenes—defi-
ciency, accoiding to the statement of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury himself. Now, what are the
resources upon which the Government has to de-
pend to make up the comparatively paltry sum of
§166,000 per day until the meeting of the next
Congress? Of the §250,000,000 authorized to be
raised by act of the 17th of July last, there are, as
shown by the statement of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] the other day, now
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasuiy un-
issued <,29,431,550. We know by hearsay that i
a small poition of that amount has been issued
since that time; but it is safe to assume that at
least §25,000,000 still remain in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury unissued. These bonds
are worth more than the gold upon the street to-
day.
By the act of February 25, by which these legal
tender notes were authorized, the Secretary of the
Treasury was further authorized to issue the sum
of §500,000,000 of six per cent, bonds, in which
the Treasury notes were to be fundable. And
the further power was given him to sell these
bonds in the market. Now, these bonds to-day
are worth more than the par value of the notes,
and I have seen no official statement showing
more than a few millions of these bonds to have
been issued. There are therefore substantially
$500,000,000 of six per cent, bonds authorized by
the act of February last still in the hands and at the
disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury, to meet
the expenses of the war, and to pay the floating
debt that is outstanding:, without the issue of an-
other Treasury note at all.
But, in addition to that, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to issue and is issuing six
per cent, certificates of indebtedness for one year,
which, as I stated before, are selling in the market
at five-eighths per cent, premium over the notes.
I assert, then, there is no necessity for a further
issue of Treasury notes at all under existing cir-
cumstances.
At the commencement of the remarks of my col-
league [Air. Spauldlyg] yesterday, he says:
"The requirements of the Tieasury will probably not be
less tluui .•S&'k),000,000 to meet current expenses to the 1st
day ot Jarmnty next. How is this large <uun to be ob-
tained ? I believe it can only be obtained in the mode whieh
has been Miece^tuily adopted dining the Ian six months.
The nnnneiul plan initiated fcix mouths ago a? a neces^aiv
war measure has woiked well."
Now, if that means the mode of issuing these
Treasury notes winch has been the principal re-
liance of the Secretary of the Treasury to carry
on the Government during at least a portion of
that period, then 1 say that, if not financial ruin,
a financial convulsion, such as that of 1837 was
not to be compared with, lies before us before the
conclusion of this war.
" How i3 this large sum to be obtained?" says
the gentleman. I say, sell the bonds; fund the
debt; keep off the streets; abstain from borrowing
from the left hand to pay the right, and next day i
2797
from the right hand to pay the left; do as any sound,
solvent man would do. There is no man here
but knows that a man with "an ordinary business
capacity, and a capital of $10,000, may carry a
funded debt of $50,000, with corresponding assets,
without injury to or loss of his credit; buta man
with §50,000 capita! in an ordinary business can-
not carry a floating indebtedness of $10,000 with-
out danger of insolvency. From the necessity of
the case, moneys borrowed on call are certain to
be called for just when it is most inconvenient to
pay them.
The same rule that applies to an individual ap-
plies to the Government. Its indebtedness must
be funded. And the mode of escape from finan-
cial difficulty, if such there be, though I am happy
to say 1 apprehend none, unless through depre-
ciation of the currency itself, by forcing too much
of it upon the market—but I say, if there is any
difficulty, it can be remedied—is by selling these
bonds.
Mr. Chairman, I have already consumed a much
longer time than I intended to consume upon this
question, and I will conclude by simply restating
that at the present time I see no reason, and I chal-
lenge anybody here to show the country a reason,
why a further issue of these notes should be made
to circulate as currency under existing circum-
stances. Yet 1 am desirous that during the period
of the absence of Congress from "Washington the
Administration shall have the power, if in case of
any unforeseen emergency, by any unforeseen re-
vulsion in the money market, it shall be unable for
a day, or for a week, or for a month, to obtain the
necessary means upon these bonds, that then, as
a dernier resort, they may issue Treasury notes
to the extent required to meet that emergency be-
yond the $150,000,000 now authorized by law.
And if I understand correctly the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, u is not contemplated not-
desired by him except in such emergency to ex-
ercise the power to be conferred by this bill except
to a \eiy limited extent. "We have got to repose
this confidence somewhere. While Congress is
here the power rests where it belongs, in Congress.
But in the state of things which now exists in the
country, its armies must be maintained, its Navy
must be maintained, whether its credit is or not.
But, sir, the highest honor, the proudest encomium
this Administration can win in this time of national
trouble and disorder will be not so much through
force of its arms to win victories on the field, as it
will be by a wise, prudent, and sagacious use of
the national resources, to bung out the national
ciedit untarnished and the resources of the coun-
try unexhausted.
Mr. PiKE. I wish to say a word as to the
amount of Treasury notes to be issued. The is-
sue, as I understand, is based upon the recom-
mendations contained in a letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury which was laid upon our tables a
few days since, and i wish to call the attention of
the gentleman having this bill in charge to a par-
agraph in that letter. The Secretary says:
" If tins authoiity be given, the proposed reserve of an
amount (say §3-1,000,000) not less than one thud the tem-
porary deposits, and the replacement of that poition of the
£60,0*00.000 ot demand notes (say $56,500,000) now piac-
tieally withdrawn fiorn circulation and held loi payment
oi custom.--, will icqiiite, for the piesent, at le.ist, i-;iy
§90.500,000 of the proposed additional issue; leaving as an
actual pn'^ent addition to the resources of the Government
only $'59,500,000. This amount, however, giaduaily in-
creased, it wilf be, by the lotirumcnt ot'the demand note-*
paiil m foi public due>, and the replacement ol them by
other United States notes, will probably suffice for all de-
mands which cannot be met from conversions and from
cu&tonis?.'-
I do not perceive, sir, why it is necessary, to
accomplish the purposes of the Secretary, to issue
more than the $100,000,000 contained in the ori-
ginal bill. The sum proposed in the amendment—
$150,000,000—it seems is wanted for three pur-
poses: for a reserve against the amount of tem-
porary deposits, which it is supposed will be in-
creased to §80,000,000: for the replacement of
demand notes practically withdrawn from circu-
lation and held for the payment of customs; and
for a " present addition to the resources of the
Government of ^59.500,000."
What I wish to call attention to is the fact that
the Treasury note bill authorizes the Secretary to
issue legal tender notes to replace the demand
notes which may be paid into the Treasury for
customs or other purposes. So that it is not
necessary to authorize a new issue of $00,000,000
of legal tender notes for that" purpose. He is
already authorized by the law/
Mr. STEVENS. If tne #60,000,000 that you
speak of are not in circulation, they are actually
withdrawn. They are withheld for the purpose
of paying duties on imports or by the .banks.
They are out of the way, and it is impossible to
replace them until they have been circulated.This
the gentleman must himself admit, and it isafull
answer, I think, to the position whieh ho has as-
sumed.
Mr. PIKE. It must be an immense outrage on
the Government, that private individuals or banks
will take our notes, put them into their pockets or
safes, and withhold them from circulation. In
that case we are very much l.ke a man I have
heard of, who gave his note for money which he
had borrowed, and felt very much aggrieved be-
cause he did not hear of it again.
Mr. STEVENS. Prom the gentleman's reply
I conclude that I must have misunderstood the in-
quiries which he made. I thought he wanted to
know why it is that the $60,000,000 already au-
thorized were not used to replace the $56,000,000
now out. My answer was that they are not in
circulation, and that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot use them for that purpose. That is
the case at present. These demand notes, as 1
have said, are held by banks and individuals for
the purpose of paying duties upon imports. I
hope the gentleman now understands me. The
Secretary of the Treasury cannot replace the de-
mand notes if he cannot get them, and we pro-
pose to provide for that condition of things.
Mr. PIKE, [think that I apprehended the gen-
tleman correctly from the first. These $56,000,000
stand at one eighth or one quarter above par.
A Member. Three percent.
Mr. PIKE. Well, say three per cent, above
par. The Government is compelled to receive
them for duties, and will have a considerable pro-
portion paid in within say three months, or there-
abouts.
A Member. Oh, no.
Mr. PIKE. We are receiving at the port of
New York some two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars a day, and Mr. Simmons, who is good au-
thority, says that is about four fifths of the duties
received in this country. This will give us a large
part of the demand notes in three or four months.
But apparently we have been reissuing demand
notes, instead of leplacing them with legal tender
notes, or else it could hardly be that we should
have onlv three and a half millions of demand
notes in the Treasury now.
Mi. STEVENS. How are you to get legal
tender notes to redeem them,when they are all out?
Mr. PIKE. The law authorized the Secretary
of the Tieasury specially,as these demand notes
came in, to reissue legal tender notes. You say
they are all gone. The trouble must be, then, in
making them. He has authority undei the act to
reissue legal tender notes to take the place of de-
mand notes as they come m. The fault must be
in the inability to manufacture, for 1 do not see
where else it can be.
Mr. ST EVENS. The gentleman misunderstands
me or I misunderstand lum. Of the $150,000,000,
$60,000,000 of demand notes and $90,000,000 ot
legal tender notes have been issued. But of this
^G0,000,000, §56,000,000 is placed where it cannot
be reached by the Secretary of the Treasury. I
hope th<? gentleman now understands me.
Mr. PIKE. But they must come in, in pay-
ment of duties.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. PIKE. Those notes are kept out, and
when they come in can be replaced,as i have said,
and we have no necessity, therefore, to resort to the
manufacture or the making of more legal tender
notes.
Mr. EDWARDS. But suppose the Govern-
ment wants more money?
Mr. PIKE, That is the very point to which I
wish to call the attention of the Housu. The point
is that the Secretary of the Treasury expects only
§60,000,000 more from this bill. He says so in
Ins letter. \ hope 1 have succecded m making
myself understood about this, for 1 seem to have
failed thus far, which I suppose is my fault or
misfortune. TheSeeietary of the Ti easury says,
in so many words, that he expects, by means of
this bill, *4a present addition to the resources of
the Government of only ^59,500,000."
