1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of the
chiefs and chief warriors of the Oneida Indians,
settled on their reservation near Green Bay,in the
State of Wisconsin, praying that the Legislature
of that State may be empowered to enact and en-
force a criminal code, applicable to their condi-
tion and necessities; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of Ger-
man agriculturists, citizcns of the United States,
praying that thirty thousand copies of the Agri-
cultural Report of the Patent Office may be printed
in the German language; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing
REPORTS FgOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print a
memorial of citizens of New York, praying for
postal reform, reported that the memorial and
accompanying address be printed; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bilT^I-I. R.
No 243) providing- for the appointment of light-
house inspectors, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 202)
requiring the commanders of American vessels
sailing to foreign ports to take the oath of alle-
giance; which was read, and passed to a second
• reading
He also, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 203)
to amend an act entitled "An act to create addi-
tional collection districts in the State of California,
to change the existing districts therein, and to mod-
ify the existing collection districts in the United
States,"approved September28,1850; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the report of the Secretary of
War, showing the expenditures for contingencies
of the military establishment, reported a motion
that the same be printed; which w^s agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Secretary of War in
relation to the-appointment of aids-de-camp under
th&act of August 5, 1861, reported a motion that
the same be printed; which was agreed to.
He aiso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 153) for the better
organization of the cavalry forces, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.
No. 208) makingappropriation for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862, reported it with amend-
' ments
REPORT-OF CONTRACTS.
Mr. RICE Submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of War and Navy be, and
they are hoicby, directed to icpouto the Senate if they
have complied with the pioviMous of the fourth section of
the act approved 4th May. Jb58, leqiuiing all contiacts to
be reported to Congress, and li not, their leasonsfor faihng
to do so.
MARSHAL LAMOX.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
R-csolicd, That the Secietary of the Senate be instructed
to inform the Senate if he has executed the oider of the
Senate dnoetiug hsm to lay befoie the I'i evident a le.-olu-
tton ol the Senate iciaung'to YTaid If. Lamon, mau-hal oi
the District of Columbia, passed Januaiy ^3, 18$}.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently laid
before the Senate a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Senate, informing that body, m an-
swer to its resolution of this day, that on the 23d
of January lie presented to the President of the
United States, in person, the resolution of that
date in relation to W.ud II. Lamon, United States
marshal for the District, of Columbia; winch was,
on motion of Mr IXale , ordered to lie on the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARRIS aslccd, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S No.
199) to provide for the safe-keeping and mainte-
nance of United States prisoners; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S, No. 200) to
establish provisional governments in certain cases;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 201) to provide for the occupation and culti-
vation of the cotton and other lands m possession
of the United States lying along the southern coast
of the United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
204) to amend the act of Congress, approved 22d
June, I860, entitled, " An act to carry into effect
provisions of the treaties between-the United
States, China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other
countries, giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters and consuls or otlicr functionaries of the
United States in those countries, and for other
purposes;" which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint res-
olution (H. 11. No. 37) in relation to certain rail-
roads in the State of Missouri, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House (H. R. No. 154) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862, insisted on by the Senate,
and upon its amendments to other amendments
of the Senate, disagreed to by the Senate. The
message further announced that the House had
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and appointed Mr. Thaddeus Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. E. P. Walton, of Vermont, and
Mr. Charles R. Train, of Massachusetts, man-
agers at the same on its part.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) in relation
to certain railroads in the State of Missouri was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia
RELIEF OF LOYAL INDIANS.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 49) for the relief of the loyal por-
tion of the Creek, Seminole, and Chickasaw In-
dians; which was read twice. It proposes to
empower the Secretary of the Interior to apply so
much of the funds ot the Creek, Seminole, and
Chickasaw Indians as may, in his judgment, be
necessaiy to lclieve the immediate necessities of
the loyal portion of these several nations who
have been driven from their homes m consequence
of their loyalty, and provides that such expendi-
tures shall be regarded as legal and valid as if made
in accordance with the usage of the Department.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to have that resolution put
upon its passage.
Mr. WILKINSON. This resolution is to au-
thorize theSecietary of thelntenor to applysuch
funds as belong to these seveial tribes to relieve
tlu loyal poitionof the tribes which have been
dr-ven fiom their homes and are now in Kansas.
I have a letter from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, which I will read,as it explains the whole
thing
Leavknwohtii. January 31. 1332.
Hon. C. I>. Smith, Sccrctfnj of the Interior
J a> rived here to d.i}. having been deiauicd on the load*
hy the Mcknoss of my wile, and mi-^iiur connections, i
find our alia as m a much wor^e condition than I antici-
pated ; seveial thousand Indians have been d> iven outot the
Indian tciutoiy. and aic now in tiic e-outh part ot Kansas
in a wictched'condiuon. hein  hteialiy without food or
clothing. Superintendent Coffin has on his own responsi-
bility-invested several thousand dollars for their relief mxt of
the lunds in his hands, and General Himterhas,sent to mem'
several wagon loads of provisions. Now what shall I do?
There is very little funds that is applicable to this case, not
enough to meet the amount already expended, and yet it
will not do to let those people, whose misfortunes have
been brought upon thein'm consequence of their loyalty,
starve and freeze to death. There is great justice in using
the funds of the whole tribe to relieve the necessities of
the Union portion of it; yet I do not see how I can do so
legally, except by authority of Congress, as the payment
would not be made in a regular way. There is a balance
left of the $50,000 appropriated last winter for destitute In-
dians, and that is all that is specially applicable. Will you
advise me immediately what is legal and proper for me to
do ? I pi efer that you telegraph me, as I shall be in consid-
erable suspense until I have your advice; and yon wiUalso
please lay the case before the President, and the chairman
of the Indian Committee. Accoiding to the best informa-
tion! can get, thcie are some five thousand of these starving
Indians alicady in Kansas, and more arriving dailv. If this
weiean ordinary case,as to nuinbcis and amount of suffer-
ing, I would take the responsibility of providing for xt with-
outtroublingyou with it; butitis very extraordinary. These
people have been robbed of every particle of their property
and driven from home.
1 send this direct to you to avoid any delay in its reach-
ing you that might by possibility occur in its pasing through
the Indian Office. The Indians belong to some five or six
tribes, mostly of the Creeks, Scminoles, and Cliickasaws,
***********
Yours very tiuly, WILLIAM P. DOLE.
The idea of this resolution is to make this a
regular and legal payment, it being made to a por-
tion of the Indians. Part of them are disloyal,
and have turned against the Government, and
these Indians have been driven from their homes.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me, I have before mo a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior on the same subject, and
I think it is the Choctaws of which he speaks,
and not the Chickasaws.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is in the letter that they
arc " mostly of the Creeks, Seminolcs, and Chick-
asaws. " I suppose it would be as well perhaps
to put the Choctaws in, as the Secretary, on this
resolution, will not expend any more than is
necessary. I move to amend the resolution by
inserting Choctaws also.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now let the resolution be
read as amended.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had drawn up a joint
resolution on this same subject, based on the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of the Interior, which is
before me, and perhaps the language of«it would
more clearly meet the views of the Secretary of
the Interior than the one now before the Senate,
and perhaps my honorable friend will accept this
as a substitute:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concuning,)'That the Secretary of the Inteiior be author-
ized to pay out ot the annuities payable to the Seminoles,
Crook?, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, and whieh have not
been paid in conscqucnco of the cessation of intcicourse
with these tribes, so much oi the same as may be necessary
to be applied to the relief of *ueh portions of said tribes as
have lemamcd loyal to the United States, and have been,
oi may he rluven from their homes in the Indian Territory
into the State of Kansas or elsewhere.
Mr. WILKINSON. That will have precisely
the same effect. I have no objection to the sub-
stitute if it will suit the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs any better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ac-
cepts it as a modification. There having been no
vote of the Senate upon it, he has authority to do
so.
Mr. HALE. I noticed that as the Senator from
Wisconsin read it, the enacting part of that reso-
lution is not m the form prescribed by the Con-
stitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be put in the usual form.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed and read the third time;
it was read the third time, and passed. Its title
was amended so as to read: a joint resolution for
the relief of the loyal portion of the Creek, Sem-
inole, Choctaw, and Chickasaw Indians.
INCJIE4SH Oi' REPRESENTATIVES.
Ms COLLAMER. I call for the unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday—the
bill m regard to the apportionment of Represent-
atives *
Mr GRIMES I move that the Senate pro-
