1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
31?
Service of the Militia—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
whole population and of our race, within the lim-
lts.of these States, are loyal; or, in the aggregate,
five sevenths of the whole population, black and
white. This is not an extravagant estimate. We
all know from concurrent history, that a large
number of the soldiers in the rebel armies are serv-
ing by compulsion; and hundreds ofthousands of
non-combatants are compelled by these armed
conscripts to submit to the rebel authority, to
avoid personal violence and the confiscation of
their property. The folly of our own Govern-
ment and commanding generals in the field has
exercised no small share of influence in producing
this result. We have carefully protected the prop-
erty of rebels in both loyal and disloyal States,
and have spurned the assistance of the loyal por-
tions of communities nndf>r the civil control of
rebel leaders. The object of this bill is to inau-
gurate a different policy; to secure the organiza-
tion of the loyal people in the disloyal districts,
under the flag of the Union, and make it the in-
terest of all loyal people to aid in establishing the
supremacy of the Constitution and the laws; thus
adopting in practice the adage, " divide and con-
quer, 99 used in its highest and most honorable
sense.
This policy is demanded by the highest and
most sacred considerations of humanity, it would
shorten the struggle, and consequently save hun-
dreds of millions of treasure and tens of thou-
sands of valuable lives. What could be greater
folly than to fight the whole population of the
rebel districts, when only about two sevenths are
your real enemies. What but madness or real
disloyalty at heart could induce any commanding
general to compel the five sevenths, or less, as
the case may be, to acquiesce in and indirectly
support the rebellion? Is it not a duty that we
owe to ourselves, as well as to them, to avail our-
selves of this proffered aid?
I know some of the Representatives and Sena-
tors from slaveholding States object to the arming
of colored people, and 1 will consider these objec-
tions presently.
_ We have seen, when examined in the light of
history, no sane man could reasonably doubt the
ability of the twenty-four loyal States to crush the
rebellion in ten States, if the people of the ten were
acting as a unit; we have seen also that nothing but
the most stupid blindness, if not criminality on our
Eart, can secure unanimity in the rebel districts;
enoe, that we can crush the rebellion speedily
if we act wisely. If any one doubts the correct-
ness of this conclusion, let us judge of our ability
in the future by what we have achieved during
the past year. It is but a few days more than a
year since the war was commenced by the rebels
at Fort Sumter, near Charleston. Since then po-
litical animosities in all the free States, on which
the leaders of the rebellion counted so largely for
succor, have been substantially buried; and al-
though we commenced almost without an army
and without a navy, whatever there was of rebel-
lious feeling in Delaware has been suppressed;
whatever rebellion existed in Maryland has been
destroyed; the rebellion in one third of Virginia,
the western part of Virginia, has been entirely put
down, so that I believe there is hardly a guerrilla
left to annoy the peaceful inhabitants; the rebel-
lion in Kentucky has been crushed out, the rebel
armies within her limits have melted away into
guerrilla bands, and these are rapidly disappear-
ing. Tennessee is under the control of the old
flag. The rebellion has been crushed in Missouri.
Although overwhelmed from Arkansas to Iowa
but a few months since with rebel armies, which
controlled the whole country, now her own home
guards are able to furnish ample protection to the
peaceful pursuits of life. Whatever of rebellion
existed in the Territories has been suppressed;
large rebel armies have been driven out of New
Mexico. The Mississippi river has been opened
from Cairo to its mouth; nearly every fortification
on either bank has been captured and is now gar-
risoned by loyal troops. All the great cities o'f
the South threatened or conti oiled by the rebellion
have been captured and are in your possession.
St. Louis, Baltimore, Alexandria, Wheeling, Nor-
folk, Lexington, Nashville, Memphis, New Or-
leans, and a host of towns of minor importance, are
allin your possession. Twocitiesofsomepolitical
consequence and of less commercial importance,
Richmond and Charleston, only remain in the pos-
session of the rebels. The entire coast from the
Rio Grande to the Potomac, and all its defenses,
are in your possession, and are defended by strong
garrisons. The rebel fleets have been swept from
the sea. Not a rebel ship, I believe, remains afloat
to excite the cupidity of sailor or marine. Every
armed rebel boat has been captured,sunk, or de-
stroyed. The rebels, I believe, have not one gun
or man afloat on river, harbor, lake, or ocean.
While your gallant Navy has thus effectually de-
stroyed every vestige of rebellion within reach of
its guns, your Army has not been idle, as isdem-
onstrated in thegeneral results mentioned. Not to
particularize hundreds of great successes, yet of
minor importance, I might mention the capture of
two large rebel armies, with all their guns, sup-
plies, and equipments—one at Fort Henry, the
other at Donelson. They have crushed, routed,
and dispersed another at Pea Ridge; so that what
remains of the rebel forces west of the Mississippi
is a greater curse to their own friends than annoy-
ance to the Union troops. They have crushed and
scattered another, far more gigantic in its propor-
tions, at Corinth, so that nothing much superior
to a guerrilla warfare is now carried on in cither
Louisiana or Mississippi. Your troops have se-
cured a firm lodgment within the limits of every
one of the rebel States. And even in front of Rich-
mond, where theenemy have concentrated all their
forces, apparently for a last desperate effort, and
where I doubt not, on account of this concentra-
tion, they outnumbered our own gallant army
more than two to one, after a series of pitched
battles, extending over a period of seven or eight
days, the Union flag is still floating in triumph,
the army rests in a more secure position than when
the first gun was fired by the enemy, its columns
unbroken, undaunted in spirit, buoyant and con-
fident; its flanks fully protected by afieet of gun-
boats, and its communication with its supplies
perfectly secure. If properly reinforced and sup-
ported by the Govei nment and people, of which
I have no doubt, this gallant, unconqucred, and
unconquerable army of the Potomac will be able,
notwithstanding the check which it has received,
to accomplish the object of the campaign in the
course of the next thirty days.
Then, I inquire in all candor, for the cause of the
despondence which has been manifested in this
Chamber. After this review of their achievements,
are we not content with it as the fruits of their toil
and exposure for but a single year. The armies
of Rome, dming her most palmy days,never ac-
complished half so much in so short a period, ft
is true many men have fallen in the field of battle;
some have been killed and many wounded, and
many more have fallen on accountof exposure and
sickness incident to camp life. And still others
have been uselessly sacrificed by drudgery from
which it seems to be the purpose of the Senate to
relieve them in the future, and which may be set
down as the fiuits of the folly, bigotry, or inex-
perience of generals, who arc, in the mam, officers
of great ability and merit. But all theso losses,
when added together, are comparatively trivial;
they have not diminished the probabilities of our
speedy triumph in the least; nor has the physical
power and strength of the nation been diminished
on account of the war one iota. I do not doubt but
that an enumeration of the population of the
United States, if taken to-day, would showour in-
crease during the past year, notwithstanding those
losses, to have been as great as it has been during
any other year of the existence of this nation. The
Almighty never inflicts on a people two great ca-
lamities at the same time. When they are cursed
with a war that is sweeping away its thousands,
He never has, I think I may say without irrever-
ence He never will, afflict them at the same time
with pestilence and famine. I know that the rebels
have been counting on the destruction of our ar-
mies by plagues and fevers. 1 have not. I have
known that the people of the whole country would
be more vigorous and healthy during the contin-
uance of this civil war than they have been for an
age past. It is in the order of Providence that it
should be so; and if Senators will but look around
them they will find that it has been so since the
war commenced. You have had no cholera,
you have had no yellow fever, you have had no
plagues or famine to sweep away your people.
The Almighty has visited us with one great curse
during the past year—civil war. This has carried
off its thousands. None have died with cholera,
plague, or yellowfever;and the ordinary diseases
of the country have been of a milder type than
usual. We are probably numerically stronger
to-day than we were the day the rebels opened
their batteries on Fort Sumter.
The Senator from New York [Mr. King] says
he does not despair of the Republic. Nor do f.
Why should I despair? Mr.President, I do not
doubt our final success. We nou only have the
power, but in my judgment will continue to pos-
sess the power, if we are but faithful to ourselves,
to crush out whatever still exists of this rebellion.
I know that the enemy have counted more strongly
on divisions of our own people at home than they
have on their own inherent internal strength, i
know, also, that northern sympathizers with the
rebels are still struggling to secure the organiza-
tion of a rebel party in the loyal States. 1 there-
fore sympathize fully with Senators who have ex-
pressed a strong desire that we should not be
separated at home by political controversies or
party politics; that our united strength should be
brought to bear to.crush the rebellion, a result so
earnestly desired by every patriot at home and
every lover of liberty throughout the world.
But,sir, men will have their political opinions;
they will express them here and elsewhere. They
will talk on the subject of slavery as well as every
other subject of practical interest to the human
heart. It is useless for Senators to condemn the
people for doing so. Wherever a free people ex-
ist, free speech will remain; and wherever free
speech remains, there will certainly be an expres-
sion of diverse opinions oncveryimaginable sub-
ject. This may have its evils, but it also has its
advantages; and as it is one of the incidents of civil
liberty, it must be tolerated. And I confess, Mr.
President, that this expression of a difference of
opinion here or elsewhere is not a cause of dis-
couragement with mo. When we come to a vote
on practical measuies for an earnest prosecution
of the war, we find but little difference of opinion.
All of these measures are adopted m this body ami
in the correlative, branch of Congress with suffi-
cient unanimity.
1 am not, however, blind to what seems to me
to be the intimations of an overruling Providence,
as this struggle progresses, and I would express
it, of course, with greatdeference; but in my judg-
ment this struggle will not be closed until slavery
shall have been practically terminated. I believe
that the overruling hand of God is in this war.
I believe that He has suffered us to come to blows
for the very purpose of developing this great good
to the human family. There are but two civilized,
enlightened nations on earth that permit human
slavery within the limits of their home Govern-
ments—our own and one in South America. Some
othei s peimit it in their colonies, but not at their
home Government. A century or so since, all
tolerated slavery in some form. But during the
last hundred years Christianity has achieved great
triumphs. Liberty of conscience is now tolerated
in a wonderful degree by nearly all the great na-
tions. The Christian religion has been carried
into every quarter of the globe. There are now
between two and three hundred million Chris-
tians in the world. Neaily one third of the in-
habitants of the earth are Christians, and they
contrcd all the enlightened nations. It is impos-
sible that these principles should be inculcated
without producing their legitimate fruits—the
amelioration of the human family. The man who
has'4 fallen among thieves" attracts the sympathy
of the Christian world. God intended that it
should be so. He intended that those who are
sick and in prison should be visited by the hand
of mercy; He intended that the naked should be
clothed, that the hungry should be fed, that the
widow and the orphan should be sheltered, that
the weak should be protected, that the oppressed
should go free. These purposes of Providence
have culminated in a system of free schools em-
bracing the poor in nearly every enlightened na-
tion; in the improvement of prisons and prison
discipline; in the liberation of slaves; in the en-
franchisement of serfs; in the construction of
asylums for the insane; in the education of the
deaf and dumb, and blind, and of idiots; and in
