318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
STth Cons..'..2d Sess.
Service of the Militia—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
the erection and support of hospitals and retreats
for the afflicted with every species of loathsome
disease. The people of the-United States have
kept pace with the other Christian nations in every
benevolent work except remembering our bond-
men as if we were in bonds with them, and doing
unto them as we would that they should do unto us,
had our relative conditions been reversevd. When
reproached by other nations for acting the laggard,
we have arrayed many excuses, but have had one
substantial reason, as a nation, for declining to
terminate this system within our limits.
It has been maintained by all our jurists that
within the limits of any State of the Union the
national Congress has no constitutional authority
to interfere in the regulation of the institutions
that relate exclusively to the internal policy of its
people*, that the national Government may do
whatever is necessary for our external defense,
internal peace, and for the promotion of the gen-
eral welfare; but that the people ofcach State must
be permitted to be the exclusive judge of the pro-
priety of its own local laws, applicable to its own
people alone; that on all these subjects this Gov-
ernment should not interfere, should not impose
its opinions, nor suffer itself to be used as an in-
strument in the hand of the people of any other
State or States for imposing their opinions and
views on the people of any other State. Nobody
has entertained that opinion more honestly than
I have, nor has anybody been more anxious to
carry it out in practice; having, during my short
public career, ever maintained this doctrine, both
in public and private, as well as by my votes in
the Senate.
But, in my judgment, this disability has been
removed, and this brings me to consider the fur-
ther suggestion of the Senatoi from Pennsylvania,
and urged by other Senators. They maintained
that all theStates that have been in this Union are
still in the Union; that, theoretically, the Union
has not been.dissolved, that a State once existing
as a member of this Union cannot, by any act of
its own people, be annihilated and cease to be a
member of the Union; that once a State always a
State, or us others have presented it, " the king
never dies; the prince is always in existence."
Well, sir, i have anticipated in part the answer
to this theory. The argument is superficial. It
is the common-law doctrine, applicable to rights
of persons and property in a State, that has not died
and cannot die Titles acquired under one prince
are not destroyed by the existence of an inter-
regnum; the title docs not tei minute on account of
the death of the grantor, but must be construed to
be a grant from his successor, and this perpetuity
of titie is not to be terminated even during the period
when there in no prince. Sofaras the holder of the
franchise or the grantee under the prince is con-
cerned, the prince cannot die; that is, the grant
continues, the franchise is still good, the title valid,
though the king bo dead.
To those who argue that a State cannot cease
to exist, I inquire where is Poland? Is it stil) a
State? Where is Sparta and the other States of
Greece? Where is Carthage? Where is Rome-—
that Rome over which the consuls presided and
the Caesars ruled? Where is Egypt—that Egypt
which was the nursery of learning and the arts
before the foundations of the pyramids were laid?
Where is Judca, once a State so brilliant and pow-
erful under the reign of King David? Where is
Scotland, once the rival of England, whose death
has become immortal in the fame of her warrior
clans led by her Bruces? But why pursue this
subject? An absurdity needs no refutation. To
state u is to expose it. It is futile to argue that
the tyrants who destroyed Poland, as-the wolfand
the jackall dismember their prey taken in a com-
mon chase, had no right to do so: the conclusive
fact still exists—Poland was destroyed. She has
ceased to exist as a State ! She no longer has a
place among the nations I If Sparta and Judea
and Scotland and Poland ceased to exist as States,
so may South Carolina and Georgia and Florida
andauy other State. If Scotland died by the hand
of England, South Carolina may commit suicide 1
The possibility of terminating the life of a State
is the question of controversy, and not the manner
of the death.
If a State government may be destroyed by the
people, residing within its own boundaries, we in-
quire in the next place if some of the States of this
Union have not been destroyed. If these States
have not, in contemplation of law and the Consti-
tution, ceased to exist, they are stili States; and
if States, they are either in the Union or out of
the Union as States.
Now, what is a State? It is not, I apprehend,
the land on which a people may happen to live;
nor is it the people that may happen to live on the
land. It is such a legal organization of the peo-
ple in one compact community as will enable it to
protect the rights of each ancl all against all in-
truders, usually denominated a government, with
such officers as will enable it to enact laws and
administer justice, and hold intercourse with other
States or nations. I inquire if, in South. Caro-
lina, there now exists such a State? If so, is it
in the Union ? If it is a State still in the Union,
where is its Governor, where is its Legislature,
where is its judiciary? If you recognize it as a
State, you must recognize the organs through
which the people act. You cannot claim that it
is a State because the land is there on which the
people live, nor merely because there are people
living on the land; but it must be because there is
such a political or civil organization of that peo-
ple as enables you to recognize their existence
through their officers—executive,legislative, and
judicial.
If you admit that such a State exists within the
limits of South Carolina, I humbly submit that it
is out of the Union. There is no Governor there
tfhom you can recognize as a Governor; there is
no Legislature there that you can appeal to as a
Legislature; there are no judges there before whom
your people can claim a trial of their rights, and
| whose adjudications you can recognize as valid.
If a people exist there without an Executive,
without a Legislature, and without a judiciary
system which you can recognize, is it a State ? I
maintain that it is not a State; and I think I am
sustained in this conclusion by the language of the
Constitution itself. It says:
"The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
and the members of the several State Legislatures, and all
executive uiul judicial officers, both of the United States
and of the beveial States, shall be bound by oath or affirm-
ation to support this Constitution ; and the judges in every
State shall be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution
or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
Now, sir, I submit that there is no such Gov-
ernor, that there are no such judges in any one of
therphel States, that their State organization has
'censed to exist: it has been obliterated by their
own wicked people. You can no longer recognize
the people within those boundaries as a State.
You have no meansof reaching them through any
State organization; and if there is no civil organ-
ization through which you can reach them as the
people of a State, the State has ceased to exist.
1 submit, in the next place, that the President, in
administering the Taws in these rebel districts, has
assumed that no State government exists. If Ten-
nessee and North Carolina are still States of the
Union, what right had your President to appoint
Governors for their people. If these rebel districts
are still States of the Union, what constitutional
right has the President to proceed to suppress an
insurrection unless requested to do so by the Le-
gislatures thereof, or, during their recess, by the
Governors. Again, if these districts are still States
of the Union what right has the President to com-
mission the officers of their militia called into the
service of the United States, the Constitution ex-
pressly reserving the right to appoint the officers
to the States respectively from whicluthey are
called. Has not the President treated the people
of these rebel districts in all these respects pre-
cisely as if they were Territories of the United
States? Is it possible for him to administer the
laws of the United States within their limits in any
other manner?
It is therefore manifest that you arc compelled,
in your official action, to hold and govern them
as organized Territories, or to acknowledge their
independence. In what, then, does any oce of
these rebel States differ from Nebraska, from
Washington,from Dakota, from Colorado, orany
other Territory of the Union ? In nothing what-
ever except the naked pretense that a State gov-
ernment once existing can never cease to exist,
in violation of the historical fact that they have
ceased, and do cease to exist, either through the
madness of their own people, or in consequence
of the superior strength of their enemies. Your
President has elected to consider the State govern-
ments within these old State boundaries extinct.
For all practical purposes they are dead. All the
State laws H6 as a dead letter on the statute-books,
unless you choose to revive them. But if you
have power to revive them and give them vital-
ity, you may enact other laws as you would en-
act laws for any other Territory. The people are
citizens of the United States; they have aright to
claim the protection of the laws of the United
States; and your President, with your sanction,
is proceeding to organize provisional local govern-
ments within the limits of those States as rapidly
as they are overrun by your armies. It is true
that he expects, and we expect, that when this re-
bellion shall have been suppressed, these people
will reorganize their State governments, and be-
come membersof the Union. But while this prac-
tical death continues, Congress and the President
are responsible for the character of their civil gov-
ernments and their local institutions, as in any
other Territory of the United States.
In my opinion you have not only the right to
govern the people of these rebel States as Terri-
tories, but it is your duty to do so. And, more-
over, that you can never suppress the rebellion in
any other manner. Civilized people cannot live
with each other in large numbers without a civil
government. Property must be bought and sold,
wills must be made, deaths will occur, estates
must be administered, marriages must be solem-
nized, debts must be collected, and criminals must
be punished. If you do not furnish them the
neccssary legal means for the transaction of all
this business, even loyal men must adopt the rebel
government. Every civilized community soon
learns that a bad government is better than none;
hence they will submit to an illegitimate prince to
avoid anarchy.
But if you have the right, and it is your duty to
organize temporary governments for these dis-
tricts as you do for other Territories, you have the
right to extend to them all general laws enacted
for the people of the Territories. You have the
same discretion in the one case that you have in
the other. As to these rebel States, you are no
longer restrained by the Constitution from liber-
ating the slaves if the interests of the country and
the perpetuity of the Union require it. That they
will be liberated before the war is concluded, 1
have not the slightest doubt; and I may as well
state that this conviction is derived in part from
whatis known to be the will and wish and prayer-
ful expectation of the slaves themselves. I think
one of the most conclusive evidences of the immor-
tality of the human soul is the existence through-
out the whole human family of a desire for im-
mortality; and I believe it is the opinion of theo-
logians who have written on this subject, that an
all-wise Being of infinite mercy and wisdom and
omnipotent power would not implant in the mind
of all people of all ages a longing, thirsting desire
to live forever, and intend to thwart that wish. He
could not be a good Being and implant that desire,
and at the same time intend to thwart it. It is in-
consistent with all the ideas we have of His per-
fection. Well,sir, we know that these people—and
there are four millions of them—have been anx-
iously looking forward to the time when they
shall be liberated. They have been praying for
it, and they now hail your troops as they enter
the rebel States as the messengers of their libera-
tion, and it is only by'thrusting them from your
ranks at the point of the bayonet that you* can
prevent them from uniting with .you to suppress
the enemies of the country. I do not believe that
the Almighty Being who rules the world, a Being
of infinite wisdom and goodness, will thwart the
wish of this great multitude of His children.
Their ancestors were brought here in a very de-
graded condition. By their associations with civ-
ilized communities they have been greatly im-
proved. They have attained that condition in
the scale of existence which requires a change in
their relations. I have no doubt the time has ar-
rived when the Almighty intends that they shall
be free, and men read events very blindly, aa
blindly as did the Pharaohs of Egypt, who can
look at this great subject in any other light. You
may delay the fulfillment of this purpose of Pro vi-
