1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
mon Stevens was interested, and through which
$90,000 was to be taken out of the Treasury of
the United States, without a dollar of considera-
tion, in the simple sale and repurchase of five thou-
sand arms by the United States, that the commit-
tee encountered the oppositioi®of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. It first
manifested itself in delaying the appropriation to
pay the expenses of the committee, and it then
brought out a speech in the House ridiculing the
committee and the committee's efforts to rescue
the Treasury from the harpies that hung around
and hovered over it. And last of all, it culmin-
ated in an attack last Monday on the integrity and
character of the committee, and that, too, after the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had been duly noti-
fied that every member of the committee was ab-
sent and could not reply. The amendment offered
by him to the second resolution looks to the same
end. Sir, if that fact had gone forth with his
charge the committee would nave been content to
have put themselves with it on their country and
to have abided the issue.
Sir, I am not permitted to overlook also the con-
nection of others in this matter. Although I had
not tlve privilege of being present during the fore-
part of this week, when this scene transpired, 1
am informed that a distinguished ex-functionary
of the Government was here in this House as the
generalissimo on that occasion. I am informed
that subsequently he appeared at the seat of the
distinguished member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] and congratulated him on the signal
success of his achievement over the committee in
their absence, and that he conferred with the lieu-
tenant in that attack, [Mr. Kelley,] and with my
other distinguished friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Mookhead,] who feels courage enough, and
is sufficiently prompted by a sense of duty to vote
for the discharge of the committee. Sir, I had
hoped not to be compelled to allude to any one
else in connection with this matter; but justice to
the committee requires me to call attention to these
singular coincidences.
That is not all. The committee has had fair
notice served upon it by this distinguished ex-
Secretary that its members are to hear from him
elsewhere. Why, sir, the accusation which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
made on the committee a few weeks ago was pub-
lished as an advertisement in the newspaper m
my district, in the vain attempt to make the people
of my district believe that 1 was not an honest
man. Of course the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania did not pay for that advertisement. [Laugh-
ter.] Of course it could not be the distinguished
Secretary, who had served notice on every mem-
ber of the committee that he would be laid out in
his own district at the next election. I know not
who paid for the advertisement, nor do I care.
No man who was here at the last session of the
last Congress can forget how the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of Ways and'Mcans
made it public that he had represented to Presi-
dent Lincoln the true character of that distin-
guished individual and the danger of taking him
into his Cabinet, how gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania protested in writing to President Lincoln
against taking him into the Cabinet, and yet we
find how, one by one, they were, some of them
at least, brought up before President Lincoln, on
their knees, and made to retract it all.
A Member. Not all of them.
Mr. DAWES. " Not all." The exceptions
were not as many as were necessary to save
Sodom. [Laughter.] I am happy to say, Mr.
Speaker, that although 1 have been compelled to
speak thus of gentlemen from Pennsylvania, I do
not reflect on Pennsylv ania herself. I only speak
of the power of that distinguished ex-Secretary
over individual men. I am happy to know that
Pennsylvania is true when she is herself, and that
she is herself on this tloor as well as elsehere.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will my friend from Mas-
sachusetts yield to me a moment?
Mr. DAWKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. McKNIGIIT. I desire to say, as the gen-
tleman has not particukuized membeis of the
Pennsylvania delegation, that, so far as I am con-
cerned, I am one of th<* member* from Pennsyl-
vania who pi otested to President Lincoln against
the admission of Mr. Cameron into the Cabinet,
and (hat I never withdrew nor qualified that pro-
test.
Mr. MOORHEAD. As my colleague has
taken occasion to set himself right, I desire to say
that I recommended the appointment of General
Cameron to the Cabinet, that I worked heartily
to accomplish it, and that I am here ready to
stand by it. I believe that it was a good appoint-
ment, and that it represented the people of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say in reply to-the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the newspapers
did not leave us in ignorance at the time 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I hope the
gentleman's time will be extended. [Cries of
"Go on!"]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish it understood that I
did not object; but I should like to have the floor
when the gentleman is done, without his time
being taken out of mine,
Mr. DAWES. I thought there was a tacit
acquiescence on the part of the House that if I
yielded the floor to gentlemen my time would be
extended.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York withdraw liis objection?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 decline to with-
draw it. I have listened as long as I desire to
listen to refuting an attack which no one has ever
made on the committee.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his objection.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to say that, when I
was asked to yield to other gentlemen, I under-
stood the House to assent to my proposition, that
my time should be extended. I regret that the
gentleman from New York did not object at that
time, as I would then have saved my own time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I raise the point
of order that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
entitled to the floor, and must either occupy it or
yield it. The time of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts having expired, it is not in order for
him to pursue this discussion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot yield the floor if objection be
made.
Mr. KELLEY. I am willing to yield the floor,
but not the time, and therefore I will proceed.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
except unconditionally.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, when, a few
days ago, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawks] protested that he had not meant to
reflect on the present Secretary of War, I felt that
his remark, incomprehensible as it might seem to
otheis, was perfectly true; that it was not in his
nature to reflect on single individuals. The cur-
rent of all Ins remarks in this House, since 1 have
had the honor of holding a seat, has been rather
a wail over the fact that the Almighty had not
called him into counsel when He was about to
create man and order His providence, than a find-
mgof fault with individual members ofour imper-
fect species. I am glad of one thing, which is,
that the gentleman has discovered, even if the im-
pression lingered but for a moment, though it
endured but for a brief paroxysm of time, that
there is value in character for integrity and ve-
racity.
1 was brought up in a State where the people
believe, sacredly almost as they do th^ Scriptures,
that teaching of Shakspeare which says that
good name in man or woman is the immediate
jewel of the soul. We in that State punish slan-
dei by reclamations upon the estate of the slan-
derei,and if that is insufficient to respond ade-
quately, by his confinement in prison. We regard
libel as an infamous crime; and I have seen the
hbeler in the cells of the same corridor in our
penitentiary with the burglar and the horse thief.
Therefore, it may be that some of us are a little
sensitive when character is falsely assailed.
So it may have been with Alexander Cum-
mings. And just here, l<*t me ask the gentleman
uom Massachusetts if he will be kind enough to
: furnish me with the subpena which he produced
before the House several days ago5 In the speech
j made by the gentleman on that occasion, he re*
I galed the House with the reiterated assurance
J that a subpena had been issued for Mr. Blatch-
1 ford, of New York, and that m order to prevent
injustice that gentleman had been sought for, that
his evidence had been sought through a whole
day, and for a longer period, and could not be
obtained before the making up of the report of
the committee. And he produced the subpena.
His speech is on record. It Axes the date of
the subpena and the incorrectness of his allega-
tion. The subpena thus referred to in support
of the slander contained in this report, as pro-
duced by the gentleman, bears date the 18th of
December, while you will find, by examining the
report, that it was presented to the House on the
17th of December, and on the morning of the
18th, the date of the subpena so generously is-
sued, was ordered to be printed with all its mis-
takes upon its head.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether he or his colleagues on the committee
ever received from Alexander Cummings a com-
munication, saying, " I have retained $140,000?"
They never did. They will not say they did.
The dodgeadopted by the gentleman was that the
printer had made the mistake. The country, Mr.
Speaker, does not hold the printer responsible for
the mistakes contained in the report, fiut the com-
mittee that sent them out; and if the members of
the committee did not read the proof of their re-
port, or cause it to be read, and it contains errors
prejudicial to character which they fail to explain
or letract, or to acccpt and publish explanations
of, it will hold them guilty of libel.
' 'This,' 'says the gentleman—for while he prates
of character he cannot utter a sentence that does
not assail it and carp at somebody—" this," says
he, "was a concerted movement. The ex-Secre-
tary of War was here to incite my colleague to ac-
tion, and I played a lieutenant's part in the game
underhisdirection." I would thank the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Diven,] who opened the
discussion, and in the couise of the debate told us
that his speech was a sui prise to himself as well
as to us, what concert of action he had with Si-
mon Cameron, or with the humble individual who
now speaks, or with the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, or with the distinguished
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] on that
occasion? I wait for his answer. If he was ad-
vised in or engaged in any conspiracy, God knows
I was and am ignorant of the fact.
Mr. DIVEN. As 1 am appealed to, all I have
to say is, that in the remaik I made on that occa-
sion, that the calling up of the resolution was a
surprise to me, I simply spoke the truth.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says 14 the galled jade winces." If that
was meant to apply to me or cover me by innuendo,
I pronounce it false. I never was a political friend
of Simon Cameron. He never represented the
State of Pennsylvania by my vote or my influ-
ence. He did not become the Cabinet minister of
Abraham Lincoln by my voice or by the with-
drawal of my protest, and I am in debt to him for
no one act of official courtesy. Look at your
Army list and the influences that secured appoint-
ments, and see if there is any other man in this
House who can say as I can, that my influence
has made no officer. No, sir; I am responsible
for the conduct of no officer commissioned by Sec-
retary Cameron, nor does one of all the number
owe me gratitude for his appointment. As a citi-
zen of my own State who, from humble orphan-
age, has by his own labor and force of character
risen to high position, I honor him, but, as a
statesman I have not admired him. In politics
his lines and mine have run in opposite directions,
although we have twice been members of the same
party. X can, however, distinguish between the
politician and the man; and as a man of extraor-
dinary and generous traits of personal characterl
know and respect him.
The gentleman intimates that somebody on this
floor may suffer by the final report of the com-
mittee. Sir, let the final report come! and if, in
their star chamber, there be accusations filed
against* me, I ask the committee to pursue them
to the bitter end. If I have done aught to militate
against my Government, or impair my character
as a man or a member of this House, ascertain
and pioclaim it, and let the people of my native
city drive me from their midst. But. sir, it will
take more than envenomed and slanderous innuen-
does to silence my tongue when truth and justice
are the theme. Go through your Departments, bu-
reaus, which, with or for some of my constituents
