816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.'
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 197,
to authorize the appointment of a warden of the
jtfil in the District of Columbia.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe that the unfin-
ished business of yesterday morning is first in
order.
Mr. GRIMES. It is, I suppose, unless the
Senate decides otherwise. That is the question
which I propose to have the Senate settle. I am
not very anxious that the Senator's bill should
pass. I see now that one State which will be
materially affected by the passage of it is at this
moment unrepresented here—the State of Penn-
sylvania. I should suppose that in deference to
the Senators from Pennsylvania we ought to pass
the bill over until they can be here.
Mr. COLLAMER. This mode of meeting a
bill, saying that because you do not want it to
pass it shall not be considered, may be courtesy
with the gentleman; but it is not with me. I
think that when a thing is in order it should be
attended to, whether you like it or not. It may
be the opinion of some that because they dislike
it it should be set aside; but I think it ought not
to receive the go-by on that account, or in that
form. In relation to this bill, I have no desire,
particularly, to press it; but if it is to be acted
upon at all, it should be done promptly. Many
of the State Legislatures arc now in session, and
they should have an opportunity to understand
what is to be done about it. I desire, if I can
have any degree of indulgence at the hands of the
Senate, not being well to-day, that bill may be
made the spccial order for a future day, I believe
I never have had a special ordermade in mylife;
but I would like to have this bill made the spe-
cial order for next Wednesday,at one o'clock.
["Agreed."]
Several Senators. Say Monday.
Mr. COLLAMER. One of the Senators from
Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] who I believe feels an
interest in the matter, will be absent until Mon-
day or Tuesday; I do not know which day. I
desire to accommodate him, and therefore it is
that I mentioned Wednesday. [" Agreed."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa withdraw his motion?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; in order to enable the
Senator from Vermont to make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday is the
bill (H. R. No 104) relative to the number of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, to which
the Senator from Vermont refers; and the Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone it until Wednes-
day next, and make it the special order for that
day at one o'clock.
The i
! motion was agreed to, (two thirds of the
SenatoiM piesont voting in favor thereof.)
WARDEN OF THIS DISTRICT .JAH,.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the bill (S. No.
197) for the appointment of a warden of the jail
in the District of Columbia, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Committee for the
District of Columbia, to whom the hill wasief-ried,
proposed, as an amendment, to strike out all of the
original bill, and to insert in lieu of it;
That the President of the United Sfucs >lmll appoint, by
and with tin; advice and consent of the Senate, some suit-
able petson to he warden o( the jail m the Dinner of Col-
umbia, who shall hold hu olliec for the term of lout yoais,
and who shall iceem- an annual salary ot
Sno. 2. %&nd he it further cnaded, That lii ' i-aid warden
shall have the exclusive supei vision and control of the jaiN
in said DMii'% and be accountable for iho sa't -keopingof
all the pusoaei- legally committed theio.to. and shall have
all the power, and d^ehaise all the duties heretofore le-
gally exerci-ed and dn ehaigcd over said jail.« and the jjn*-
oneM therom bj the mat-dial ot the said Distnet.
See. H. And he tt. jurthcr cnactcd, That said w.udcn -diail,
before entering upon the dunes of the ofiiee, evepute to the
United States u bond for the laithSui pei form.tneo ot the
duties thereof, in the penal j>utn oi &3,t!(X), with .^ureiiey to
oe appiovod by some judge of the cueuit eomt ot said
DiHriet.
Sue. 4. An&hcitfvrthcr cnarted, That nil art^and pan-;
of a<-ts cominc ia conflict with the pioyibion.s of this aet,
be, and the same are hereby, lepealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and tiie annulment was concurred in.
Mr. MeDOu'GALL. My attention has been
called to tins bul for the fust time, this morning-.
I noticed its introduction, but I have not seen tile
printed bill till this moment. I raise no objection
to the purpose of the bill, hut it is rather'an ex-
traordinary one. If I understand it aright, the
marshal of the Districtof Columbia represents the
sheriff of a county. He executes all processes
that run against the person, and is responsible for
the custody of the prisoners committed to him
until delivery. The under-sheriff is generally the
jailor, and holds the direct custody of the prison-
eis for his superior, the sheriff himself being re-
sponsible. So it is with the marshal and his dep-
uty. You make no provision in this bill for the
anomalous condition of things that exists here.
The sheriff, upon general principles, is respons-
ible. When is the time that he is to be discharged
■ of his responsibility, and how? The bill is cer-
tainly imperfect. There is a system m the States,
but it is a system established by sufficient laws,
corresponding in some respect with this. That
is to say, there is a warden of the penitentiary.
The sheriff of the county, where a party is con-
victed on final trial, takes him and delivers him to
the warden of the penitentiary, and then he is dis-
charged from the responsibility of his custody;
but then there is a regular form of law, and a time
when, and conditions upon which he is discharged,
none of which provisions are contained in this
bill. It only provides for a warden, who is to do
a part of the business of the marshal, but it does
not fix the time or the manner in which the re-
spective office of the one shall cease and of the
other be entered upon, nor does it fix the time
when the responsibility shall be changed. Those
provisions I cannot now draw up and present here
as an amendment, but they should be in the bill
under any circumstances.
There may, perhaps, be good cause for divid-
ing up the marshal's office here, or a sheriff's
ofiiee in a county; but because there may be an
exceptionable officcr in office,it seems to me that
it is not therefore wise to depart from established
precedents. If the official is not a proper person,
may not some other remedy be applied? It will
work, in my judgment, a great inconvenience in
a small District like this to have two officers re-
sponsible, to whom parties will have to look for
persons in custody; because this applies to all
classes of persons who may be imprisoned, and
personal rights may grow up and be incident to
the detaining of a party in custody. I doubt very
much the policy of abandoning, for a particu-
lar personal oausc, a general system understood
throughout all the country; but if it is to be aban-
doned and a new system inaugurated, let it be a
system perfect in itself. I think that the Senator
from Iowa will see, upon reflection, that none of
the machinery that is applied in like cases where
a sheriff in a State delivers a prisoner to the warden
of the penitentiary has been supplied here, and it
must lie supplied in order to make this a working
bill. 1 think the bill should be recommitted, but
I shall not make the motion myself. I leave that
to those who have charge-of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that there might
he something in the argument of the Senator from
California if we had such a thing as imprisonment
for debt hero; but we have nothing of that kind.
Air. MeDOuT-fALL. May not a party be ar-
rested here for contracting a fiaudulent debt?
Air. Gill WES. I do not know but that he can.
The bill says expressly, however, that the warden
of the jail whall be responsible for the safe custody
and safe-keeping and delivery of persons who may
be legally committed to his charge; and he is com-
pelled to enter into bonds in die penal sum of
£>5,000 to perfoim his duty properly. IJe there-
lore becomes responsible for a pi isoncr the mo-
ment he enters the portal of the jail. The marshal
is responsible up to that time.
Air. McDOUGALL. Not when he enters the
portal of the jail, but when he is delivered over;
but how is it to be ascertained and certified as
mutter of law, at what moment the inaishal's re-
sponsibility ceases and the warden's commences?
All. GRIA1ES. I should not suppose there was
any difficulty on that subject. The marshal goes
with a commitment from the proper committing
officer, and hand.? him over to the jailor. The
moment that minimus or commitment is handed
to him, the responsibility of the marshal ceases,
and the responsibility of the warden commences.
Air. AIcDOUGALL. A sheriff luis no power
to commit. We get into confusion by the misuse
of terms. A sheuif cannot commit; he hasaiight
to hold until a certain time. There is more ma-
chinery required here to define exactly the relative
duties of the marshal and warden than is provided
in the bill. Indeed, there is nothing provided in
regard to that. I am not prepared to state cxactly
what is required, because I have not lately lookeH
into the matter, not having had occasion to do so.
1 do know, however, that machinery is required,
legislation is required to determine how the deliv-
ery shall be made, and when the responsibility
of the marshal shall cease, and how a receipt is to
be given to him. All this belongs to this kind of
business; and of all business in the country the
business of the handling and conducting of pris-
oners requires most particular legislation.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senate will see in a
moment that there is nothing in this objection, for
the thing happens in every State "in the Union, or
nearly every State. The United States do not have
jails in the States, and do not want officers to have
custody of them; but still, since the foundation of
the Government, they have been in the habit of
committing prisoners to jail for debt, as well as
contempt of court and other things, and commit-
ting them to jails over which they had no juris-
diction. The officers controlling the jails were
appointed by one authority, and the persons were
committed to prison by another authority. That
is to say, the marshals of the United States com-
mit persons to jails which are under State author-
ity. There is no difficulty about it. This is sim-
ply appointing another person under the same
jurisdiction to have control of this jail.
Mr. CLARK. ' I agree entirely with my col-
league in regard to this matter, it may work a
change in the form of the commitment; but the
court or the magistrate orders the prisoner to be
committed; the order will run to the marshal to
commit him, and the warden to receive and hold
him. I do not see that there can be any difficulty
about it.
Air. AlORRILL. I happen to be on this com-
mittee, and it occurs to me that as to the objection
raised by the Senator from California, the proceed-
ings in my own State furnish a parallel precisely
with the case now under consideration. There,
the warden is an independent officer, appointed by
the Governor, and he discharges all his duties en-
tirely distinct*Trom a sheriff or any other officer
in the State. The court convicts and orders the
commitment. Then the sheriff passes the party
over to the custody of the warden. When he does
that, the sheriff has discharged his duty, and the
responsibility rests upon the warden. So here!
by the process of law a prisoner is arrested 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask, is there
no provision of law as to how that shall be done,
how that sheriff is to receive a receipt from the
warden for the prisoner? is not that a matter of
legislation ? Is it not provided that, upon receiv-
ing the receipt of the warden, indorsed on the back
of the millimus, the sheriff is discharged ?
Mr. MORRILL. In answer to that inquiry,
I will say that my recollection is that it is all a
matter of record; that cach officer makes his re-
turn, which is conclusive on himself and every-
body else. The court deliver the prisoner when
convicted to the custody of the sheriff, and a re-
turn is made of that fact by the returning officer.
The sheriff discharges himself by the delivery over
of the prisoner into the bands of the officer who is
to ha\ e the custody of him, and he makes return
of that fact. For instance: a person is put into
prison: ho is put there by the sheriff, and the
sheriff makes return with lux mittimus to the court
that he has performed that service. That pris-
oner passes at once upon the register of the prison;
it becomes a matter of record there, so that the
records put together arc conclusive, and make an
entirety.
Air. McDOUGALL. What discharges the
sheriff: What does he have? He returns that
lie has delivered the prisoner into the hands of the
warden. That return is conclusive against lum,
but not for him.
Air. MORRILL. It is conclusive for him, un-
less the fact can bo proved otherwise. Like an
officer's return upon a writ, it is to be deemed and
taken to be conclusive.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Prima facie?
Air. AlORRILL. Prima facie as to the facts
stated within his duty. It is conclusive as a mat-
ter of law throwing the burden on the other side,
so that he therefore is never at a loss, and is never
subjected to any difficulty, provided he performs
his duty. The presumptions are all in his favor,
and the presumptions are conclusive, if they are
