2708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Mr. EDW A.RDS. The gentleman assumes that
the Secretary wants only $60,000,000) and that he
can get that from the demand notes now held to
pay duties as they shall be paid in, replacing them
with legal tendernotes held for that purpose. The
■gentleman will see by the last part of the paragraph
■lie has read that he wants the $60,000,000 in ad-
dition to the means he will get by the redemption
of the demand notes. That paragraph reads as
follows:
"This amount, however, gradually increased, as it will
be, by the retinimentof the demand notes paid in for public
dues> and the replacement of them by other United States
notes, will probably suffice for all demands which cannot
be met from conversions and from customs."
Mr. PIKE. I had noticed that paragraph. The
Secretary proposes to get out of this the amount of
$59,500,000, and my point was that we did not
need to issue more than §100,000,000 in order to
give him that amount, because he was already
authorized to issue legal tender notes to take the
place of the demand notes alluded to in this
paragraph.
In relation to this whole matter the position of
affairs is this: the House was called upon in Feb-
ruary to vote for the issue of Treasury notes as a
matter of necessity. It was argued to this House
on constitutional grounds, as a matter of necessity.
The position of the country was portrayed here
in eloquent terms by members of the House in
order to form a basis for,this argument of neces-
sity. The great expenditures of the country were
paraded and reparaded, and marched backward
and forward through this Hall and exhibited to
the astonished gaze of this House and of the coun-
try, in order to sustain the position of necessity.
I know that gentlemen have since had a little
difficulty in reconciling the statements they made
at that time with the economical statements they
have since been obliged to make to the House. 1
know it has recently been asserted that we are
not spending $3,000,000 a day. But it was said
at that time, and afllimed and icafHrmed, so that,
according to the Old Scnpturcs, not only in the
mouth of two witnesses was this factof necessity
established, but in the mouths ofmultitudes of most
respectable gentlemen upon this floor.
Now, then, having acted upon the basis of ne-
cessity, we are asked to take another step—not
upon the ground of necessity, but of convenience.
Well, it is frequently more convenient for any
gentleman in private life, or in public life, to say
that he will pay to-morrow and to-morrow again,
than to pay to-day. I based my action then
simply and only on the ground of necessity, so
I repudiate now and forever the mere ground of
convenience.
, We are running into theories—financial theories
—than which there is nothing more dangerous.
I see under these theories looming up the grand
idea of a permanent public debt. Along with
that I see a grand banking scheme, which is based
upon this most malignant idea of a public debt
which shall be permanent. These two go hand
an hand together, and this issue of Treasury
notes, merely upon the ground of convenience, is
'but the third person in this infamous trio.
I do notknow that anything I can say will have
(the effect of arresting the attention of the House
for a single moment. I would 1 could speak in as
•eloquent language as some gentlemen I see around
•me, for I feel that could I but arrest the attention
•of gentlemen, and would they bestow ittipon this
aa&easure,and then for a moment direct their views
to the money market of New York, and see that we
-are now upon the easiest money market which has
'been known for many years, they would become
convinced that to run along with this additional
'irredeemable currency will bring us up, in the
end, God knows where; I do not.
Mr. HOOPER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine which he considers has the greatest
•effect in depreciatingthecurrency,the unrestrained
issue of notes of suspended banks—I mean banks
•which have suspended specie payment,and upon
•whose issue there is no kmd of restriction—or the
asstte of these Government notes, the depreciation
•of which is limited by the convertibility which
they carry, into the bonded debt of the euuntry,
-payable in specie, interest and principal r Which j
will have the most effect in depreciating the cur- i
ire-ncy of the country? j
Mr. PIKE. I am very happy to reply to the i
ggentl&Qiian. The question proceeds upon a wrong I
It proceeds upon the idea that the banks,
simply because they have been relieved from the
payment of specie, can issue, as we can here, an
amount of notes not at all in proportion to their
capital or their means of payment. That is not
the fact. In all the States with which I am ac-
quainted, a restriction is placed upon the issues
of the bank somewhat in proportion to the amount
of their capital stock. And I can add still further
that in the great State of New York no bank can
issue any notes whatever unless it has a corre-
sponding deposit of securities in the bank depart-
ment at Albany. Still further, I am told that in
Rhode Island the stockholders are liable for all
debts of the bank, and the gentleman from Ver-
mont says that the directors of banks in his State
give bonds for the payment of all the notes.
One word further. I understand that an irre-
deemable currency is an evil. It has been tried
and found to be so again and again. Very well;
now the nation may very well look to the legisla-
tive branch of the Government to correct that evil;
but when we,thegreatcstsinners,are in the money
market, how are we going to rebuke the sin m
these small banks? How can we, in any form,
check the issue of irredeemable currency when
we propose to go on with that great mill which the
Secretary proposes to erect m the Department and
grind out this paper day after day ? Would not
an attempt to check the issue of the banks be like
Satan rebuking sin?
Mr. HOOPER. I referred to the restriction
upon the issue of bank paper, and the gentleman
says in some States the banks have to make de-
posits of sccuritv before they receive authority to
issue bills. But they are not limited in the amount
of securities they may deposit. In some States,
and in his own State, he says they are limited by
tiie amount of their capital. What is their capi-
tal ? I ■cannot speak in reference to the State of
Maine, but m the State of Massachusetts, where
there is $70,000,000 of bank capital, the law re-
stricts them to an issue of $100,000,000 of circu-
lation. In fact the circulation is but $24,000,000,
and they have the right to add $74,000,000 to their
circulation.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman ask5? me to com-
pare the evils of an irredeemable country bank
circulation with an excessive circulation of Gov-
ernment paper. I would say there is but little to
choose between them.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and* the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps, of Missouri,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the bill (H.R. No. 187)
to authorize an additional issue of United States
notes, and for other purposes, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. On Monday of this week
Saturday was set apart, by unanimous consent,
for the consideration of the remaining business of
the Committee on Naval Affairs. I have been ad-
vised by several gentlemen that it will be exceed-
ingly inconvenient for them to be here on that day,
and I would request that the House consent to
Tuesday of next week, instead of Saturday of
this week, for that purpose,
Mr. DAWES. I hope that will be done.
Mr. ROBINSON. I shall object to any such
arrange ment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I understand that there is
a special order already for Tuesday'. I am will-
ing to say Wednesday.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order for
that day now.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will withdraw my objec-
tion .
Mr. POMEROY. I object to any day but Sat-
urday.
COUPS OF ENGINEERS, ETC.
Mr. DUNN. Bill of the House No. 532, to pro-
mote the efficiency of the corps of engineers, &c., j
was made the special order for to-day after the j
morning hour. I move to postpone it till Friday i
next, after the morning hour. j
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to that, and ask a '
division on the motion. Friday is private bill day. '
The SPEAKER. One bill reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs has already heen
postponed until Friday, and the gentleman from
Indiana only proposes to put the two together.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i tlnnk we ought to devote
the day to private bills.
The SPEAKER. One bill has already been
postponed till that day.
Mr. LOVEJOY. So I understand; but it will
take longer to consider two bills than one.
The SPEAKER. It will be competent for a
majority of the House to postpone the special
orders on Friday.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well,I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. Dunn's motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, leave
was granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of Joseph Pad-
dock, with a view to their reference to a committee
in the Senate.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
twenty minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 19, 1862.
PrayerbytheChaplain,Rcv. Dr. Sunderland.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Tlie Secretary. The Senate will come to order.
The Secretary will state that lie has received the
following letter from the Vice President of the
United States:
Senate Chamber, June 18, 1862.
Sir : Intending to be absent from tiie Senate to-morrow,
I request that this intention be made known to the Senate
to-motrow morning at the hour of meeting.
Very respectfully, H. HAMLIN,
Vice President of the United States, and
President of the Senate.
J. W. Forney, Esq., Secretary of the Senate.
It now becomes the duty of the Senate to ap-
point a President pro tempore to serve during the
absence of the Vice President.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. Secretary, I submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the absence of the Vice Piesident, Hon.
Solomon Foot be, and lie is hereby, chosen President of the
Senate pio tempore.
The resolution was agreed to nem. con.; and
Mr. Foot took the chair as President pro tempore.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait upon tiie President of
the United States and inform him thai in the absence of the
Vice President the Se'natehas chosen Hon. Solomon Foot
President of the Senate pro tempore ; and that he make a
similar conHmumeation to the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BRUNSWICK COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up for ac-
tion the bill (H.R. No. 507) to change the port of
entry for the district of Brunswick, Georgia. It
will occupy no time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that from and after the 1st of July, 1862, the
port ofentry for the districtof Brunswick, Georgia,
shall be Brunswick, and that Darien shall be abol-
ished as the port of entry. There is to be a deputy
collector appointed according to law to reside at
Darien, and to exercise such powers as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under the revenue laws,
may prescribe.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 425) to incorporate the Guardian Society
and reform juvenile offenders in the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.SAULSBURY. If the Senate is not to pro-
ceed with the regular morning business, I wish to
call up the resolution I offered" yesterday in regard
to the adjournment of the two Houses of Con-
gress. ]\To opportunity lias yet been given this
morning for the presentation of memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
called for the regular morningbusiness in its order.
The Senator from Iowa has made a motion, which
