1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
SYth Cong....2d Sess.
Service of the Militia—Mr, Harlan.
Senate.
dence until all the plagues that visited Egypt have
beer*poured outon this nation and until the blood
of the first born of the entire nation has com-
mingled with the waters of your rivers, before you
yield to this intimation of infinite wisdom; but in
the end it will be accomplished; if not with your
cqncurrence, it will be by the intervention of
other nations.
My reasons for this I will state asbriefly as I can.
First, we have not and never have had the hearty
friendship of any monarchy on earth. Our Gov-
ernmentwas organized on principles in direct con-
flict with their theory of civil society. They have
always maintained that the masses of the people
are incapable of self-government, and if now ours
should be destroyed, it would afford overwhelm-
ing practical proof of the utter futility of all efforts
to support a republic. Despots will point with a
sneer to the failure of " the great Republic across
the Atlantic" as the last fearful example of the
follyof mankind in this respect. They have there-
fore a great stake in this issue. If by asy act of
theirs, or by any influence they are able to bring
tobear,notdangerousin its ultimate consequences
to their own existence, they can secure the perma-
nent dissolution of the Union, and in the end the
division of tiio residue into many fragments, to be
trampled under foot or spit upon at the caprice of
the great Powers, they will have furnished a dem-
onstration of man's incapacity for self-govern-
ment that all the lovers of freedom in the world
will not be able to refute. Who, then, can doubt
their disposition to aid the rebellion?
But they cannot intervene without a pretext that
will meet" the approval of the moral sense'of man-
kind . No merely material interest will justify thei r
intervention in favor of a rebellion against an es-
tablished Government. The example might be
contagious. It is not the interestof crowned heads
to sanction insurrections. The scarcity of cotton
will never induce England or France to intervene.
The support of their operatives directly from their
public treasuries until a supply can be secured
from other quarters would cost them much less
than the cost of a war with the United States for
a single month. To interpose an armed mediation
would be equivalent to a declaration of war which
they cannot afford to make for cotton. They will
not, therefore, at the beginning,probably,propose
a direct armed intervention in favor of the rebels.
When intervention comes, if it ever should come,
it will be a moral intervention. They will advise
us to agree to a dissolution; they will advise us
that the material interests of both parts of the
country and the welfare of the human family re-
quire it. If we persist in our purposes, as we shall,
they may* induce the rebels to ad op tan act of eman-
cipation on condition of recognition. They can
then exhibit us to the world as the persistent pros-
ecutors of a war for dominion, and against the
interests of humanity. They will prove this from
our own State papers, written by our great Sec-
retary of State since this struggle commenced, m
which he has distinctly informed the great Pow-
ers that the relative condition of the people in the
rebellious States is to remain unchanged, let this
struggle terminate as it may.
Hence, in the contingency I have supposed we
would be placed before the democracy of Europe
clearly in the wrong, fighting for dominion and
the perpetuity of slavery. With the sympathies
of the masses of Europe against us, with the four
million slaves probably armed in support of the
rebellion, with the promise of freedom as the re-
ward of their success, and with the predisposition
of all the crowned heads to suffer republics to de-
stroy themselves, my confidence in our ultimate
success would be greatly diminished. Wewould,
of course, still succeed, if God continued to be on
our side. But in that contingency, I am not cer-
tain that we could count on His blessing. If .Na-
poleon and England should interpose to create a
new nationality,and to liberate four million slaves,
they might claim to be intervening in the interests
of mankind, and in accordance with the great ideas
that control the civilization of the age. Putting
the intervention on this ground, I am not certain
that you could safely rely on the friendship of the
Emperor of the Russians, on whose support we
have relied more strongly than on any other na-
tion. After having liberated the serfs of his own
' empire, how could he be expected to make a di-
version m our favor, and thus assist to rivet the
shackles on our slaves? I believe we may count
on his friendship to checkmate our enemies in the
Old World, always, when we deserve it; but could
we expect him, after having carried into effect this
great edict making citizens of many millions of
his own serfs, to interpose in the face of the other
Christian nations to enable us to perpetuate sla-
very within our limits? It would be unreasonable
to expect it. We should therefore anticipate them
by making it the interest of many millions of the
people of the rebel States to assist us, and the in-
terests of humanity that we should triumph.
If we act wisely and in accordance with these
intimations of an overruling Providence, I do not
believe the combined Powers of the earth cangut
us down or intervene between us and the certain
achievement of a glorious destiny; hence I was
gratified beyond measure with the statement made
by the Senator from Kentucky, in his place on
the floor of the Senate, a day or two since, that
if the perpetuation of this Union required it, every
slave that he owned should freely go, and every
slave owned by his neighbors in Kentucky would
be freely given to save the country. I believe
that the time is now at hand when these great
sacrifices are demanded, when some plan for the
liberation of the slaves, espeeialy in the rebel
States, should be adopted, and the able-bodied
men incorporated into our armies, if we would
successfully maintain this struggle for the per-
petuation of our nationality. As I conceive, the
door has been thrown open by the hand of God.
There is no longer any constitutional difficulty.
These State governments having been destroyed,
the country and the people still remaining under
our jurisdiction within the boundaries of the Uni-
ted States, it is not only right, but it isonrduty, to
organize temporary civil governments and main-
tain them until the people shall have reorganized
their State governments under the provisions of
the Constitution. If this is the correct view of
the subject, you may pass whatever laws, within
the limits of those rebelStates,thatmightberight-
fully enacted for any other Territory under the
jurisdiction'of the United States, and in which 110
"State government exists, including laws for the
liberation of slaves, and their organization for the
common defense.
Hitherto good men throughout the North and
West have justified the continuance of slavery, as
the Senator from Pennsylvania did to-day,on the
plea that we have no power to abolish it within the
States; that this toleration ofslavery was a part of
the original bargain when the Constitution was
adopted; that you and I were parties to that con-
tract. I have faithfully lived up to it until the State
governments within the limits of these rebel States
have been destroyed by the wickedness of their
own people, and the country reduccd to the condi-
tion of a Territory. But now they have no civil
government that we can recognize under the Con-
stitution ; the people and thecoun try are still within
the limits and under the jurisdiction of the United
States. I would therefore interpose, and give them
a government as I would any other community
within our jurisdiction having none that can be
recognized by us or by other nations. I would
enact for their government just such laws as in my
judgment their interests and the interests of the
nation and of humanity demand.
If I read the signs of the times correctly, this
has become a necessity. We cannot, if we per-
sist in our folly, thwart the ultimate purposes of
the Almighty. By His providential interposition
He has thrown open the door for the liberation of
a nation of bondmen; He has removed the con-
stitutional impediment; He has caused their as-
sistance to be necessary for the perpetuity of the
Union and the integrity of the nation. If we ac-
cept of this high destiny, all the nations of earth
combined against us would be asflaxinthe flames;
but if we are not equal to the demands of the age,
and obstinately refuse to follow the plain intima^-
tionsof Providence, this great work will be handed
over to other nations, or will be wrought out by
the rebels themselves, and our nation will become
permanently divided.
But if we adopt this policy, Senators inquire,
whatshall be done with the liberated slaves? I an-
swer, muster a portion of the able-bodied men into
the service of the Republic, employ them in your
campsand fortifications as laborers, on your trans-
ports and gunboats as laborers and sailors, and, if
necessary, let them participate in the glories of the
battle-field, and bear their just proportion of the
burdens and dangers of this great conflict. And as
for the residue, Jet them alone; let them take care
of themselves hereafter,, as many of them have
heretofore.
Senators talk of them as savages, as If they had
been recently caught in the jungles of Africa and
brought to our shores, without a language, with-
out knowledge, without civilization. "This was
true of their ancestors, but not of the present gen-
eration. Agreatchange has been wrought in their
condition; they are now comparatively well civ-
ilized. There are eleven thousand of these men that
you call savages right at your door; in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. By an act of this Congress
some one or two thousand more have been set
free. When that bill was under disenssion, I re-
member that the "Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] and some other Senators, in whose wis-
dom I generally confide, and for whose opinions
I have very high respect, told us that if such a law
should be enacted the slaughters of St Domingo
would be reenacted; that these black people could
not live in peace as freemen among a white people;
that a war of races would spring up, which would
result in the destruction of the one race or the
other.
Has this prediction been fulfilled? Have any
riots occurred ? Have any murders been com-
mitted by these freed men? Not one! On the
•passage of that law these ignorant people, as you
may deem them, collected in their churches nmf
school-houses where they were accustomed to
worship, to praise the Almighty for their dolivcr-
ance;and after this manifestation of gratitude they
all quietly returned to the peaceful pursuits of life;
since which everything lias progressed as usual.
These people are now, as heretofore, laborers in
your fields and shops, and servants in youi houses.
Nobody has been damaged; no riots have arisen;
society has not been discomposed in the least, not- ,
withstanding the very extraordinary speeches of
the gentlemen who happened to represent what
are called the border Slates in the two branches
of Congress. If Senators will open their eyes and
look at these people, they will discover that they
are no longer savages, but, in a comparative point
of view, highly civilized. They provide for their
own wants, they provide their own food and cloth-
ing and shelter, and for the education of their own
children, for the support of their own churches
and schools, and bury their own dead; and during
the seven years of my service at the capital of the
nation I have never seen a negro beggar—not one.
I have seen white beggars; I have seen white boys
and girls begging for a penny of each passer by
at the crossings; I have seen stalwart men and
women, of almost every nationality, begging in
your streets and thoroughfares; but never yet
have I seen a negro beggar in the streets of the
capital of the nation.
In Baltimore, within an hour's run from this
capital, it is said there are about thirty-eight thou-
sand colored people. Of these about two thou-
sand two hundred are slaves. There are nearly
thirty-six thousand free colored people living in
the commercial metropolis of Maryland, and no
one conversant with their condition will dare to
assert on the floor of the Senate that they are
either paupers or criminals. There, as heie, they
provide for their own wants; by the sweat of then-
own brow they earn their own bread. They feed,
clothe, and shelter their own families, bury their
own dead, educate their own children, and there
as here, support their own peculiar forms of re-
ligious worship. With these illustrations right
at your door, and within an hour's ride of the
capital, will any Senator stand on the floor of
the American Senate, and forfeit his reputation
for candor in declaring these people to be savages?
They are more highly civilized than the children
of Israel when they were led out of Egypf by the
hand of God, and probably fully equal to them,
in this respect, when they returned from Babylon.
They will compare very favorably in civilization
with the masses of the peasantry of Europe, and ,
I challenge any one who is curious to the com-
parison. And yet with thousands of these free
colored people all around us, directly befoie our
