1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2799
has been agreed to, and the bill (H. R. No. 425)
to incorpotate the Guardian Society and reform
juvenile offenders in the District of Columbia is
beforethe Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and will be read.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
Amos Kendall, John M. Broadhead, Zenas C.
Robbing, Sayles J. Bowen, Nehemiah B. North-
rup, Wilson M. C. Fairfax, Joseph Bryan,Peter
N. Higinbotham, Thomas C. Jenner, David W.
Heath, James R. Barr, Matthew Waite, Samuel
A. H. McKim, John R. Nourse, and Stephen
Prentiss, and their associates and successors, being
members of the Guardian Society, by paying into
its treasury the sum of two dollars annually, or
life members by paying fifty dollars at one time,
or ten dollars annually, for six years, shall be in-
corporated and made a body-politic by the name
of the Guardian Society for the purpose of en-
couraging and aiding impaitially such of the poor,
the ignorant, and the vicious, as can be induced to
make such efforts as they ought for the improve-
ment of their condition, and by that name are to
have perpetual succession, with the power to use
a common seai, to sue and be sued, to plead and
be impleaded, in any court of the United States,
to collect subscriptions, make by-laws and rules
needful for the government of the corporation not
repugnant to the laws of the United States; to have,
hold, and receive real and personal estate, by pur-
chase, gift, or devise; to use, sell, or convey the
same for the purposes and benefit of the corpora-
tion ; and they may choose such officers and teach-
ers as they may deem necessary, prescribe their
duties, and fix their compensation. And they
may, in their discretion, receive mtoa house of in-
dustry provided by the society any minors, under
the age of eighteen years, who shall be convicted of
any crime other than such as are capital or punish-
able by imprisonment for life5 or of being vicious
persons whose parents or guardians ore unable or
unwilling in exorcise proper carp and discipline,
or who may be destitute of suitable homos and
adequate means of obtaining an honest living, and
in danger of leading an idle and immoral life. Such
persons may be committed by the courts, in which
conviction shall be had, to the house of industry,
with an alternate sentence to the jail or peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia, if the trustees
decline to leceive or keep them, and to the com-
mitments are to be annexed the names and resi-
dences of the witnesses examined and the sub-
stance of the evidence given. The grand jury,
instead of indicting accused persons, may return
to the court that they appear to be such as ought
to be sent to the house of industry, and the court
•will be authorized to commit them; the court,
however, may, with the consent of accused per-
sons, arrest proceedings at any time, and commit
them to the house of industry. The trustees may
receive any children at the request of the parents
or guardians, or next friend, or the mother, if the
father be dead or has abandoned his family, or
does not provide for their support, or is an habit-
ual drunkard; such parents, guardians, or next
friend, or mother, making a written surrender of
such children. But the trustees are not to be re-
quired to receive offenders when they have as many
as they can conveniently accommodate or as many
as the funds are adequate to maintain, or any of-
fenders known to be extremely vicious, nor to
keep any who may jJrove incorrigible, or whose
continuance may be deemed injurious; and those
whom any two of the trustees or the superintend-
ent, if duly authorized by the board, shall refuse
to receive or keep are to be disposed of according
to their alternate sentences.
Persons committed as witnesses, and those un-
der the age of eighteen years committed for trial,
may be placed in the house of industry instead of
the jail or penitentiary, unless they are so vicious
that placing them in it should be deemed injurious.
No commitment is to be for a shorter term than
until the offender is reformed or tv/enty-one years
of age, except such as may be committed for trial
or as witnesses; but any of them who may he
deemed to be thoroughly reformed may be dis-
charged dming good behavior, on the orderof the
board of trustees, duly entered upon their record.
The superintendent may, with the concurrence of
the board of trustees, govern the inmates, preserve
order, enforce discipline, impart instruction in the
veneration and love of God, in morality, useful
knowledge, and some regulai course of labor, and
establish rules for the preservation of health and
their proper physical,intellectual, and moral train-"
ing, until they are reformed and discharged, or
twenty-one years of age, or remanded as incorri-
gible. The trustees may bind out, with their con-
sent, by indenture, any who may appear to be
sufficiently reformed, where they will have the
benefit of good example, wholesome instruction,
and other means of improvement in virtue and
knowledge, and the opportunity of becoming in-
telligent, moral, and useful members of society.
They may appoint a committee of one or more of
theii* own number to execute and deliver inden-
tures, which are to be filed and kept m the office
of the house of industry. The superintendent
may let out inmates to hire during the day time
to employers whose woik is not too distant from
the house of industry for him to have the general
inspection of their conduct and the treatment they
receive. If any apprentices prove untrustworthy
and unreformed, the trustees may, at their discre-
tion, permit their return,and order the indentures
to be canceled. Fugitives from the house of in-
dustry, or from apprenticeship, may be arrested
and returned to the house of industry by a sheriff,
constable, police officer, or an officer of the house
of industry, on the written order of any two of the
trustees or the superintendent. Persons under the
age of eighteen years are to be entitled to a private
examination and trial, at which only the parties
are to be admitted, unless the parent, guardian, or
other legal representative, demand a public trial.
The expenses of maintenance of the inmates com-
mitted for offenses against the people, or for trial,
or as witnesses, are to be paid by the county, and
those of personscommitteu by parents,guardians,
or next friends, are to be paid by the persons com-
mitting them, unless the trustees shall otherwise
detei mine. The rates of expenses will be fixed by
the board of trustees. The grounds and the build-
ings thereon, for the use of the society, are to bo
exempt from taxation, and no road or highway is
to be made on the ground without the conscnt^of
the trustees.
Mr. CLARK. It strikes me that is a very im-
portant bill in many of its features; it gives very
great powers. 1 think 1 sympathize with its ob-
jects deeply, but I desire to inquire of the Senator
from Iowa—I think he called it up—whether he
has given his personal attention to it so as to say
to the Senate that it is well guarded. I have not
even read it; I did not knowtherc was such a bill
here, and I ask for my own information. The
Senate should know something in regard to it.
As I understand k i sympathize with it, and will
aid m it it" if is properly guarded.
Mr. GRIA1ES. I will say to the Senator that
I have read the bill and i do not see any objection
to it. It is a House bill. It has received the crit-
icisms of the Committee for the District of Col-
umbia in that body and of the entile House and
has come to us. I propose to make one or two
amendments to it, but if the Senate can see, from
the reading we have had of it,*any objection to
it, I shall be certainly content that it shall be
amended in any proper way.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see any objection to
it. I say it maybe a very important bill and confer
very large powers, and I desire to inquire of the
Senator, who I know always attends to these
matters, whether he has given his personal atten-
tion to it; whether he has examined it. I know
nothing in regard to it.
Air. GRIMES. I can only say that some of
the most respectable citizens of this place are ex-
ceedingly anxious that it should pass, for the
reason that there are youths who commit small
offenses who, under the present laws that govern
the District of Columbia are thrown at once into
the jail with the deepest-dyed felons; and they
wish that there shall be some place where these
youths of both sexes may be sent for the purpose
of leformauon lather than punishment. I see no
objection to the bill. None has occurred to me.
If anvdocs occur to any Senator, I desire to have
it amended, but I want to put it on its passage if
there is no objection. If nobody can point out
any, the presumption is that it is devoid of ob-
jection, I take it.
Mr. CLARK. A man may never have exam-
ined it, and may be unable to point out any ob-
jection.
Mr. GRIMES. I have read the bill attentively
once ot twice and 1 can see no objection to it.
That in future it may not be construed in some
way contrary to the construction I now put upon
it, I am not going to say of this -bill, nor will I
say it of any other bill that Congress passes. So
far as I know, there is no objection to it. So far
as I can see, I know of no objection to it, I move
in the*first section, lines four and five, to strikeout
of the list of corporators" Wilson M.C. Fairfax,'*
and insert the name of " Benjamin B. French.""
I understand Mr. Fairfax is dead.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the-
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. In the sixth section I move to
strike out after the word " receive" in the second
line down to the word " any" in the fourth line.
The words to be stricken out are:
Offenders when they have as many as they can conve-
niently accommodate, or as many as the funds arc adequate
to maintain, or any.
So that the section will read:
That the trustees shall not be required to receive offenders
known to be extremely vicious, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not rise to make any
objection to the bill, because I have not read it
sufficiently to comprehend it; but the principle of
this bill is a very important one. It authorizes
these persons to receive into their custody a cer-
tain class ofjuvenile offenders or children, such as
may be committed to them by the master, parent,
or guardian, or such as may be committed to them,,
as I heard it read, by the civil magistrates; and
this corporation is to be in the place ofparents.
Now, the general objects of the bill may be wor-
thy, and I am inclined to think they are, although-
I confess 1 am not very deeply in sympathy with
the objects of such a bill. They are something
upon the system of bills for instituting reform'
schools quite common in New England, which^
at best, 1 regard as a doubtful experiment. I doubt
very much whether they work well. I doubt
whether the whole system of isolating the child*
from society; gathering all the bad boys in the
country and putting them into a mass, congrega-
ting them together, taking them out of society and*
out of the influences of society, works well; it is
an experiment. I think it is the opinion in New
England, where they are common, that the child
is to be reformed in society and not outside of it.
That it is better than the penitentiary, is undoubt-
edly tiuc, but it is not so good as that the child
should be kept in society.
Now, Mr. President,all I desire to say in regard'
to this bill is just this: if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, the Senator
from Iowa, who has charge of the bill, has exam-
ined it and is content to recommend it to the Sen-
ate, I have no objection to make to it, but I think
so important a bill as this ought not to be passed
by the Senate without somebody being responsi-
ble for it.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read'
the third time.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not going to oppose the
passage of the bill, but I call the attention of the
chairman to the provisions of the second section
which seem to me entirely too vague and indefi-
nite as it respects the description of the class of
persons who may be subject to be placed in this
house of industry. First, they aie described as
"minors, under the age of eighteen years, who-
shall be convicted of any crime other than such
as are capital or punishable by imprisonment for
life.There is no objection to that. Then," or*
of being vicious persons whose parents or guard-
ians arc unable or unwilling to exercise proper
care and discipline." That is as vague and in-
definite as any description can possibly be. It
certainly is not a crime to be the offspring of par-
ents or in the care of guardians who are unable or
unwilling to exercise proper care and discipline.
It is a great misfoitune, but it is not a crime. It
goes on:
Oi who may be destitute of suitable hotritss and ade-
quate means of obtaining an honest living, and in danger
of leading an idle and immoral lite.
It is not a crime to be " destitute of suitable-
homes and adequate means of obtaining an honest
living, and in danger of leading an idle and im-
moial life." So far as this is pi eventive, by tak-
ing care of that class of persons who are in danger
of leading an idle and immoral life, and under*
