THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, WW.
TinRTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION.
according to the fact. Here the marshal takes the
prisoner, commits him on a process, and never
without; and when he commits him, he makes
return of that fact. That return is his justifica-
tion, if it he true.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Suppose the return of
the warden was different from the return of the
marshal, how then?
Mr. MORRILL. The warden makes no re-
turn, I take it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Suppose he makes a dif-
ferent entry on the record?
Mr. MORRILL. If the warden should neglect
to perform his duty when receiving the prisoner
and entering him of record on his register, so that
the record would not disclose the fact that he had
been committed; then, like every other instance
of omission of duty, it would become a matter of
proof.
Mr. McDOUGALL. You have no provision
here for a registry, or any official account being
kept of the receipt of prisoners.
Mr. MORRILL. That is very true; and yet
1 suppose, though I have not examined the mat-
ter, that it will be the duty of the jailor as the law
now stands, without any provision in this bill, to
register his prisoners.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But you are making a
new officer, and you cannot devolve on him duties
except by special provision. You cannot devolve
on him the duties of jailor by the existing laws;
but you must make a new law for the purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. The answer to that is, that
all the duties now devolved upon the marshal who
has the supervision of the jail, are devolved by the
terms of this bill upon the warden.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The marshal now has
control of the entire custody of prisoners, and
therefore is responsible all the time; but you are
here undertaking to change that responsibility,
to make two officers whose responsibilities will
relate to each other. Heretofore the marshal
has been responsible alt the time, whether lie kept
a book or not; whether he kept any entries at his
own office or at the prison; but you are now mak-
ing two different officers, and they must have
their mutual cheeks, as their responsibilities are
distinct, and yet they are more or less dependent
on each other. My opinion is, the more I hear
it discussed, that it is an imperfect measure.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It does not
seem to me that there is anything in the sugges-
tions of the Senator from California. I think that
the bill in itself is ample and complete; and I hope
that Senators will not oppose its passage. I think
the credit and character of Congress and of the
country require its passage. Two days since I
introduced this bill, and stated a fact or two as
a reason for its introduction. The night after I
stated that fact and this bill was introduced here,
our man Wise, our negro-thief, whom we keep
there to take care of our prisoners, went out into
this city and stole a woman who declares herself
to be free and her mother says she is free, and he
shut her up. Not satisfied with that, yesterday
Marshal Lamon removed Mr. Duval, one of the
under-keepers there, who had testified before the
Potter committee that the marshal's deputy Phil-
lips had declared that if Lincoln was elected the
South would dissolve the Union and ought to dis-
solve the Union. Mr. Duval had also been guilty
of the offense of helping to distribute to the poor
persons that have been thrust into the prison some
clothing which was sent to me for the purpose of
distribution. It was supposed, I presume, by this
Marshal Lamon and his man Phillips and his
negro-thief Wise, that he had given us some in-
formation in regard to the transactions of the jail.
I hope nobody will oppose the passage of this
bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. My objection is not to
the bill. I have said that, although there are some
reasons on general grounds why bills of this kind
should not be passed, I do not object to the bill
itself; but my impression is that it is not a com-
plete bill, and it should be recommitted. I have
objected to its impeifections.
52
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1862.
""■■■""■■■I I I w«n r ... fliriilSiiT
New Series.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting as a new section:
JJnd. he it further enacted, That whenever the marshal or
other officer having authority in the premises shall com-
mit a person to said jail, he shall leave with the warden a
certified copy of the precept by which said prisoner was
committed; and no person shall be committed to jail un-
less by a precept or order from either House of Congress or
some magistrate or court having jurisdiction in the prem-
ises.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. This bill, Mr. President, cre-
ates a new office, and provides a new salary charge-
able on the Treasury of the United States. It is
but a small sum, but, I think, even small sums
are worthy of consideration when we have such
an immense aggregate of public expenditure. I
cannot perceive for what purpose of public utility
this change is proposed to be made. If I under-
stand the matter aright, it arises from a disposi-
tion to get clear of the marshal and his deputy It
seems to me that if there has been anything im-
proper in the conduct of the marshal, or if there
is anything in his personal character or that of his
deputy which renders it improper that they should
have charge of the jail, the object might be reached,
it certainly ought to be reached in adifferent mode.
The marshal should be removed if he is unworthy,
or he should be compelled to remove his deputy
if the deputy is unworthy. This may be done, I
take it for granted, if such is the personal charac-
ter of the marshal, or of his deputy, as to make
that proper, by application to the Executive. It
docs not seem to me to be the proper way to rem-
edy an evil of this sort, by passing an act of legis-
lation increasing offices and increasing salaries.
Mr. GRIMES. The additional cost to the Gov-
ernment, I apprehend, will be but very little, if
anything; but the truth is, aside from any personal
considerations which relate to the marshal and to
the jailor, that there ought to be an independent
officer having charge of this jail—a jail that is
sometimes compelled to hold in some manner two
hundred and fifty persons. It ought to be a dis-
tinct office, aside fiom all personal considerations
that relate to anybody. The marshal is expected
to attend the sessions of the Supreme Court; ex-
pected to attend the sessions of the circuit court;
expected to look after all the affairs of the Gov-
ernment relating to the criminal court; expected
to serve the processes of all these courts, not only
withm the District but outside of it; and then,
besides, if you want him properly to superintend
the charge of the jail, this Government could not
find such a man without very great difficulty.
Mr. SUMNER. I am glad this subject has
been brought before the Senate. I feel person-
ally obliged to my colleague for the way in which
he did it, and also to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia for their prompt report of the ^
bill; but I hope the chairman of that committee
will pardon me if I say that I do not think his
committee went far enough. Their bill is founded
on the existence of an abuse here in this District.
That abuse ought to be removed, and thoroughly
removed, sir.
Now, if I understand the bill, it simply pro-
poses to put this jail m the hands of another per-
son than the marshal, but it leaves the marshal
actually in his office of marshal, though perhaps
without any control over the jail. Sir, such a
person ought not to hold the office of marshal in
this District; and if the President allows him to
continue, it belongs to the Senate to take such
steps as are in its power to see that he is removed.
Therefore, I say the Committee on the District of
Columbia have not done their full duty. The
chairman will pardon me. He ought to have re-
ported a bill to abolish the office in this District,
so that that marshal should have ceased to hold
any function under the Government. Another
bill might promptly have been introduced creating
the office anew, and then we should have a mar-
shal who would have the approbation of the Sen-
ate.
I make these remarks simply that I may show
my interest in the subject, and that, if possible,!
may prompt the action of the Committee on the
District of Columbia; but as they have choseiijto
report this bill, I shall vote for it, and. I hope ft
will be put on its passage at once. There an
old saying that "he,gives twice who <^uiclcly
gives," and surely there is no occasion for the
application of that saying more pertinent than a
case of injustice like this; surely we ought to be
prompt, and every moment of delay is a shame
upon us.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed^
The bill was amended so as to read: a bill to
authorize the appointment of a warden of the jail
in the District of Columbia.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No,
175) to define and regulate the pay of certain of-
ficers of the Army of the United States is before
the Senate as the unfinished business of yester-
day.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. I made a
motion to adjourn upon that bill,'with the object
of taking it up this morning; and I had intended
to ask the Senate to go on with it to-day. But,
sir, the other day we had up a resolution in re-
gard to the Secretary of the Navy, upon which
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] has the
floor. I understand that he desires to speak upon
it now. I consent, therefore, that this bill shall
go over in order to take up that resolution, and
give the Senator from Vermont an oppoi tunily to
make his remarks. I move to postpone this bill
for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
PURCHASES BY GOVERNMENT AGENTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
followingresolution, reported by Mr. Hale, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, on the 27th of
January:
Resolved, That the employment of an agent to make pur-
chases forthe Government, with a compensation dependent
upon the extent and costliness of his purchases, is unwise
and inexpedient, and ought not to be tolerated m any branch
of the pubhc st'ivice.
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, to
strike out all after the word " resolved," and in-
sert the following:
Tliat the employment of an agent to make purchases for
the Government, whose compensation depends on commis-
sions upon the purchases made, is unwise and inexpedient,
and should never be resorted to except in eases of the most
imperious exigency.
Mr. FOOT. When this resolution was before
the Senate on Friday last I did desire at that time
to express some views upon it, especially as I had
not concurred with my colleagues in the Naval
Committee in all the views contained in the report
and expressed in the resolution. I gave way,
however, for the consideration of an appropriation
bill. So long a time has intervened that I have
become comparatively indifferent, as it is entirely
unimportant whether I say anything upon the
resolution at this time or not. As a member of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, however, it may
be expected perhaps that I should say a word
upon this resolution and upon the subject-matter
to which it has special reference.
The resolution itself declares a particular mode
of compensation to Government agents—that is,
by a commission or a percentage upon the amount
of purchases—-to be unwise and inexpedient, and
one which ought not to be tolerated in the Gov-
ernment service. The objection opposed to that
mode of compensation is, that it holds out an in-
ducement to the agent to pay more than the actual
value of an article for the purpose of enhancing
his commissions. A dishonest man would be
likely to bo influenced by such a consideration; an
honest man would not be influenced by it. An
agent who would defraud the Government by
paying an exorbitant price for an article beyond
us actual value from the paltry consideration of
enhancing his own commissions, would be very
likely to defraud the Government in some way
under any other mode of compensation; while tin
