1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
I enter almost daily, and find, if you can, the man
I have solicited to give a contiact to friend or
townsman. Go to my own city and pass through
the departments there, and see if you can find an
officer to say that X have solicited or been chaf-
fering in contracts. As one of the representatives
of a great manufacturing city, I have reminded the
President and the members of his Cabinet, that
our people, more largely than those of any other
important city, depend on daily labor for daily
bread. To these distinguished gentlemen I have
spoken of the fact that my city has done its full
part in enabling Pennsylvania to put twenty-five
per cent, more than her quota of troops in the
field, and have urged them so to direct the patron-
age of the Government that the wives and children
of our poor but patriotic laboring men, now in the
field, should not have want of food, fuel, and
clothing added to the loss of husband and father.
And, sir, with all this I am willing the committee
should brand me.
I did not provoke the ire of the gentleman or his
committee rashly. 1 made, when I first called
attention to the injustice of the report, no assault
upon either. Duly to an abused man required
me to do what i did. It was because I saw that
the committee were not acting as I thought in a
8pu 11 of candor and justice that I presented to the
House a letter from a constituent, calling the at-
tention of the country to a mistake which mem-
bers of the committee, as individuals, had refused
to correct. 1 did keep that communication for
days, as the gentleman suggested in his former
speech, and i meanwhile suggested the mistake to
members of the committee, and asked them to cor-
rect it on their own motion that 1 should not have
to do it publicly, for I did not want to get into
collision with any gentleman upon this floor.
Now, sii, a word to the presentchairman of that
committee. I ask the gentleman, as, if I am cor-
rectly informed, others have done, to name the
friend of Alexander Cummings who, during that
man's long, painful, and dangerous illness, while
his family were concealing from him theslandeis
originating in this report, with which the papers
teemed, came and informed him that* " upon Mr.
Cummmg's recovery he would make a clean breast
of it." When the gentleman made the assertion
he was interrupted and asked to name the author
of that statement, and if I have not been misin-
formed he has been solicited personally and in
writing to name his authonty, but has been un-
willing orunuble to respond. Unwilling, sir—oh !
cruel thought—or unable. I ask him now who
were the men whom he pronounced the friends
of Alexander Cummings who told him that Air.
Cummings would be prepared "to make a clean
breast of it" as soon as he had sufficiently recov-
ered.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman addresses me
as the chairman of the committee. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] is chairman
of the committee. I will state to the gentleman,
however, that I did leceive such an application,
and responded to it in writing. The gentleman
may produce my letter.
Mr. KELLEY. Show it to me.
Air. DAWES. Thp gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was the chosen fuend of Mr. Cummings
to present his accusation to the House. Another
gentleman from Pennsylvania, however,with con-
siderable formality, served upon me a letter from
Air. Cummings, to which I took the opportunity
to reply. That is all I have to say upon this occa-
sion.
Air. KELLEY. I would ask stillanotherques-
tion. I have not had the advantage of seeing that
letter, and do not know its contents. Will the
gentleman have the kindness to inform me whether
it names the persons?
Air. DAWES. The gentleman who was the
chosen friend of Alexander Cummings for that
purpose, and who conducted the correspondence
between him and myself, can answer for himself.
The papers are out of my possession, and I am
not at liberty to expose their contents.
Air. KELLEY. Is this the representative of
the justice and candor of a committee of the Amer-
ican Congress, who gives the world assurance that
a man's friends have pmclauned him euminai,
and yet withholds the names of the alleged fiu-nds,
that tiie truth of the assertion may be tested r Is
this, 1 ask, the justice of the American Congress,
as represented by one of its committees?
Sir, in the presence of such a spectacle, do you
wonder that the report of this committee has been
assailed I
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman accuse me
of any want of candor when I say that his letter
is in the possession of one of his colleagues?
Mr. KELLEY. What colleague?
Mr. DAWES. Whoever has got the letter.
Mr. KELLEY". Has any gentleman a letter
from thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts on the sub-
ject in question ? If any member has such a letter,
1 would be glad if he would produce it. I will be
glad to know whether the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had the name of any friend or pretended
fuend of Alexander Cummings who called upon
him, and told him that Mr. Cummings was sorry,
and that when his health would permit, he would
make a clean breast, or that any friend of Mr.
Cummings used those words, or any other words
implying thathe had a knowledge of the accusation
which was made against him. We learn to-day
that the brilliant young soldier upon Fremont's
staff, Sacclii, was not engaged in a horse contract.
We learn it to-day through the committee, whose
report is fiymg wide-spread, and that the informa-
tion upon which the assertion that he had is
founded was derived from a newspaper. Have
Congress and the country been at the heavy ex-
pense of a wandering committee to announce under
its sanction newspaper reports and scandal ? We
sent them out to collect evidence of witnesses,
and not to tell us what newspapers say. We can
read them.
God knows there was much to need investi-
gation. My complaint is not that investigation
has been made, but that this committee, for some
purpose or other, or by reason of some fact or
other, has made a report so sweeping in its state-
ments that the Government and Congress shrink
from taking any action on it. Punish the men
who have defrauded the Treasury. Gather your
evidence, show that they are guilty, and then,
under the law of the land, punish them. But
do not imitate the cuttle-fish, which, though it
scarcely rises above the level of a reptile, pouis
fourth a juice so venomous that it stains, black-
ens, and befouls the bioad and free-rolling waves
of the ocean. Do not fling your vile odors around
everybody,and make the names of contractorand
agent so odious that honest men will shrink from
dealing with the Government, and force it into
hands of sharks and sharpers.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to say a word, and
that is this: if there be such a letter in the posses-
sion of any member of the Pennsylvania delega-
tion in this House as has been referred to by the
member of the committee recently upon the floor,
I trust he will produce it, and relieve the other
membcis of the delegation from the imputation of
having such a letter m their possession.
Mr. AlOORHEAD. I endeavored to get the
floor sometime ago, but I failed to do so. I have
a letter from the gentleman from Alassachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] but, as it is at my loom, I cannot
produce it. 1 did not expect this matter would
have come up this morning, or I would have
brought it with me. But in that letter the gen-
tleman from Alassachusetts gives no name, and
lefuses to give the name of the friend of AJr. Cum-
mings, who made the statement to which he re-
ferred. He refuses to teli who it was that told
him that when Mr. Cummings had recovered his
health he would appear before the committee and
make a clean breast of the matter. I siated that
it was a slander upon Mi. Cummings, and that
none of his friends had ever said so. Yet the gen-
tleman from Alassachusetts has refused to give
the name of his informant.
Mr. KELLEY. If my colleague will furnish
me with a copy of that letter of the gentleman from
Alassachusetts, 1 will incorporate it m my printed
remarks.''6
■«The following is the coriespondence refeired to:
Washington', «lpril'2o, 1862.
Dear . IIu c\\ Uh 1 tend jmi the con e>pondeuce re-
ivm red to by Mi. dawfs tn the Flou-e to-day . Aitei iceeu-
iti« the veibal leplvol Mr. I comma..n-at^d wall
Mi. CmnmimF, but hom some mMiap m im-(lir<-ction ho
did not teeei\o my icttei prompth. and I did hot hear i>om
1)mi airaiu until the 15th m-tant. w inch will account l< i the
i.tn-e r>! tiiiK1 lit'itt een the date ol the and ^-eond letters.
ive-pectiuih \nm-5. J. K. MOOUEll'AD.
Hon \Vilu\.m1>. Kei.lly
I have mat lied the papers in then regular order, 1, 2, 3,
and 4
my
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will furnish it to
colleague.
Mr. DAWES. That is all I ask.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman spoke ofthose
who had made it their business to seek out the
mistakes of the committee. 1 wish 1 could get
(l)
New York, March 29, 1862.
Sir: In a speech delivered by you in the Bouse of Rep-
resentatives on the 25th instant, as leported in the Daily
Globe, 1 find the following passage :
u Sir, the committee was advised through friends of Mr.
Cummings during the winter that he was sick, that he was
vety sick, that the toctimony which he had given befoie our
committee troubled h'nn and weighed upon his inind ; that
the effort which he had there made to screen and cover up
tiansactions was a thing that rented heavily on his mind,
and the committee was assured through his friends that if
he ever recovered he wnuld make a lull and free statement
of the whole mattei, and that the men who had put him up
to this and had taken the money and expended it them-
selves, should bear the bin den. The committee was wait-
in? anxiously to know that which they had failed to get
fiom him.
'•Mi. Stkvins. Tf that statement weie made to the com-
mittee it is right that the person who made it should bo
named, that the statement may be refuted if it were false,
as 1 have no doubt it was.
" Mr, Dawes. Atler the kind remark of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, he can haidly expcct that 1 should be
tempted to take advice from him.
" Mr. Stevens. I did not mean to apply the word ' false1
to the statement of the committee, but to that which was
conveyed to the committee.
" Mi. Dawes. Let me go through with my story.
" Mr. Stevens. Well, I should like to have the name.
" Mr. Dawes. I say that through the friends of this man
we had assurances that he was about to make a full state-
ment, a clean breast of it, and to make plain and clear that
which was so mystified in his testimony, so that the world
might know who expended that money. But when he came
to get well, the political necessities ot his ptincipal in this
matter happened, at the tune, to be so pies-sing lii.it it was
neee«saiy that that which was eaiiy promised to be a full
statement of what had been done with that money was
turned into an accusation and assault upon the integrity of
the coinnnuec."
The only weight thi< statement can have is derived fiom
the intimation that it has some authority or sanction fiom
me, the authois of it being spoken of .is my •' friends." It
is, therefoie, due to you, as well as to myself, to say that
you have been grossly imposed upon by the persons to whom
\ on refer.
The bitterest enemy I might po«-ibly have could not, by
any connivance, invent an\ thing moie false and injutious
to my ehaiactei and reputation.
The whole statement thus made to you is not only a sheer
fabi ication, but an atiociout- calumny, it contains not one
panicle of n uth. It is false fiom beginning to end, m whole
and in part, in evciy particular.
I am Miie you will agree with me that the anthers of this
fraud which has been imposed upon you should at once be
made known. And I doubt not you will, without hefita-
tion, furnish me then names.
And loi the puipo^e of ascertaining who they are, my
friend,Geneial Moorhead, inembei ofCongiessfiom Penn-
sylvania, will call on you with this nofe and receive your
reply.
I am, respectfully, yours, &.C.,
ALEXANDER CUMMINGS.
Hon. II. L. Dawes,
Member of Congress fiom Massachusetts.
(2)
Mr. Dawes returned this letter, saying, verbally, u Until
Mi. Cummings withdiaws the charges made against the
liitegiitv of the committee, I can hold no correspondence
with htm."  
(3)
House of Representatives, Jlpril 16, 1862.
Dear Sir: Having declined tor reasons satisfactory to
yourself to answei Mr Cummings, and give him the names
of "his friend-"" alluded to in your speech of the 26th
Maich, I lee! it my dutv, as one of hi* ii iends. and believ-
ing as i do, the emphatic denial made in his letter herewith,
to which I refer, to a«k you to luimsh me with the names
of the persons who have so baseiy misiepicsented him be-
fore your committee.
Respectfully yours, J. K. MOORHEAD.
Hon. II. L Dawes. __
(4)
Washington, D. C.. Apiil 16, 1862.
Dear Sir: I acknowledge the receipt of v our- of this date,
inclosing one addiessed to me of Maich 29.1882. signed by
Alexander Cummings. 1 recognize tins letter to be the one
winch you handed me on the da\ or itv dale, and which I
icturned to you with the remark that until its author pub-
iicly retracted the imputation upon the honor and integrity
of a committee of winch I was a membei, winch he in the
absence of that committee had caused to be public 1\ made
in the House, knowing it to be faKe, I sho. Id hold no cor-
lespondcnee with him. i have only to add that it does not
awaken in me any new irgaid for hi-.ch.uaetcr to find him
endeavoung to avail hini-elf of tin- known fi lendly lelations
which between \ouiMjlf and me to obtain t.om me
th.it which sclf-ie«-p^ct toibuhs that 1 -hould give inm di-
lectly.
1 return. inclosed, a second tune. Mr. Cummmg-V lettet,
bill have taken the hbeit\ to imam \oms which accom-
panied it. uniting tn.it our own p<. sonaI lut.uLhip will
suffer no diminution from this correspondence
I am truly. \oni-, H. L. DAWES.
Hon. J, lv. Mookueau.
