320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
31th Oosfcf....2d Sess.
Service of the Militia—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
eyes, a standing gigantic demonstration of this
inexcusable falsehood, Senators persist in debate
in calling them savages, and insist that they shall
not be armed in the defense of our common coun-
try, lest it may shock the sensibilities of man-
kind, and stimulate the great Powers to interfere
and end a war that under such a policy must re-
salt in theindiscriminate slaughter of men, women,
and children. 1 am amazed at such speeches from
the lips of American Senators, whose candor
ought not to be lightly called in question. But is
it possible that these Senators do not know that
every nation on earth having colored inhabitants
has incorporated them into its aimies? On this
subject permit me to quote a few passages on con-
current history:
"Negroes under Monarchical Governments.—The
monarchial Governments of Europe and America, those tliat
tolerate slavery, and those that do not, alike agree in em-
ploying negroes armed for tho public defense. They find
that the burdens of war, and the sacrifice of life it occasions,
are too great t" home by the white raee alone. They call
upon the colored laces, theielore, to&hare in the burden, and
to encounter, m common with the whites, the il&ks of loss
of life.
•''Thus, we find that in the Spanish colony of Cuba, with
a population one halt slaves and one sixth colored, a militia
of free blacks and rnulattoes was directed by General Pe-
zuela (Governor General) to be organized in 1854 through-
out the island, and it was put upon an equal footing with
regard to privilege with the regular army. This measure
\va:> not rescinded by Governor General Concha in 1855., but
the black and mulatto tioops have been made a permanent
corps of the Spanish army. (Condensed in the veiy phrases
of Thrasher^ pre/.ice to his edition of Uumbohit3# Cuba )
" In the Portuguese colonies on the co.i-t of Africa, the
regiments arc chiefly composed of black men. At Prince's
Island the garrison consists of a company of icpulai uitil-
lery of eighty, and a legunent of black militia of ten hun-
dred and fifty-eight rank and file, of which the colonel is a
white man. At St. Thomas's there are two legimentsof
black militia. In Loando. the Pmtuguese can, on an emei-
gency of war with the natives, bring into the field twenty-
five thousand partially civilized black* armed with mus-
kets. Succevsiul expedition* have actually been made with
five thousand of them accompanied with thieeor fourhun-
dred white soldiers. (From Valdez'sSix Veais on the West
Coast of Attica. -London: 1861. Two vols. 8vo.)
'• fu the Dutch colony of the Goid Coast of Afuca, with
a population of one hundred thousand, the garrison of the
forties* consists of two hundred soldieis, whites, rnulattoes,
and blacks, under a Dutch colonel.
" In the capital of Uie French colony of Senegal, on the
same coast, at Wt. Louis, the defense of the place is in the
hands of eight hundred white and three hundred black bol-
dicis. (The preceding facts are also from Valduz.)
" In the Danish inland of St Croix, in the West Indies,
for nioic than twenty-five years past, there havo been em-
ployed two coip^ of colored soldiers, m the presence of
slaves. (From Tuckcrman's Santa Ciuz.)
<k in ttiazH, not wufwaiuiinu its three million slaves, its
monaichical Government employs allcolois and races in
the military service, eithei by enli&iment or forcible seizure.
The police of tho city of Kio de Janeiro is a military or-
ganization, composed mostly of colored men, drilled and
commanded by army officers. The navy h principally
manned by civilized aborigines, (tliddei ; £wbank.)
"The eotnse pursued by the British Government in
Jamaica, Sierra Leone, and Ihndostan, is so notouous as
simply to need to he mentioned.
k' In Turkey, no distinction of color or raee i-j made in
the ranks of the regular army. Distinction is made, how-
ever, on the giounrf oi dift'eience of faith. The army is com-
posed ot Molwimuedans. Christians and Jews are never
reciuited. The iPsult is one winch the Government of
Turkey to-day contemplates with alarnt. For the last two
hundred years, having been frequently engaged in war, her
Mohammedan population has been greatly reduced thereby,
while her Christian population, at one time greatly inferior
in numbers, has now by peace so extraordinarily increased
as to bid fair soon to divide the empire. And she dare not
now, in her strength, arm them as her soidieis as conscripts,
notwithstanding her desae to do it."
Is it probable that the English .French, Spanish,
Portuguese, Brazilians,Turks, Danes, and Dutch,
after reviewing their own colored regiments in
Canada, South America, Africa, the East and the
West Indies, wouldsuffermatemlly in their sensi-
bilities in witnessing regiments of colored men in
South Carolina?
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Daws] has
suggested that it would be dangerous to arm ne-
groes on account of the peculiarities of then- char-
acter. He says that when they nnce obtain the
smell or taste of blood they become demons, and
are controlled with great difficulty. But this ob-
jection cannot apply to them as soldiers; their
qualities and capacity in this respect have been
tested by the Dutch, English, and French. The
question has therefore been settled. I drew the
inference, however, that in the opinion of the Sen-
ator, arming slaves would unfit them forever for
the service of their masters. 1 do not complain of
him for bringing this to the attention of the Sen-
ate. 1 believe wise statesmen have entertained the
same opinion in every ago; our ancestors were
equally impressed with this conviction, and conse-
quently always provided for the emancipation of
slaves who had served in our armies. This princi-
ple lias not been overlooked by my colleague [Mr.
Grimes] in preparing the pending amendments to
this bill. They provide that colored men may, at
the discretion of the President, enter the military
and naval service of their country, and that all
those who respond to this call shall, at the con-
clusion of the struggle, be entitled to their freedom.
This is right; no slave who has borne arms as a
soldier or seaman would afterwards be fit for sla-
very.
I am reminded that one of these amendments
also provides that their wives and children shall
be freed. Well, Mr. President, could a wiser pol-
icy be adopted or one better calculated to prompt
them to fight with determination for the perpetu-
ity of your institutions than the prospect of their
own liberty and the liberty of their wives and of
their children and children's children for all time
to come? An army composed of such soldiers
could never be conquered.
But, Mr. President, many may be liberated by
the provisions of this bill and necessary kindred
measures during the progress of the war who may
not be needed, and who may be unfit for the pub-
lic service. What shall be done with them? My
answer has been partially given under another
head. I will only add here one other reflection.
We have seen that wherever free colored people
are found in this country they provide for them-
selves. They do not become a burden on society.
No considerable number of them become'either
paupers or criminals. If they have not proved
incompetent to provide for themselves heretofore,
the presumption is that no considerable number
of them will hereafter. But if they should, then
interpose with legal provisions fortheirprotection
as you would for the protection of paupers of any
other class. When other men, women, or children,
in civilized society, are found to be incapable of
taking care of themselves, the laws lequire the
courts of probate to appoint guardians of their per-
sons and property, who are required to give bond
and approved security for the faithful execution of
the guardianship. The ear of the court is ever
open tt the complaint of the ward, whether made
by him in person or by " his next friend." The
guardian is thus bound by law and stimulated by
public opinion to execute faithfully and humanely
this trust. Let the same principles of justice ap-
ply to black paupers that are applied to paupers
of any other color. If justice and humanity re-
quiie such restraints to secure the rights and in-
terests of orphans and paupers and non compos of
our own color and race, how much more danger-
ous must it be to place infants and paupers of
another race and color under the absolute control
of self-appointed guardians without the slightest
restraints of law, to be worked or punished or sold
or used as unrestrained passion or caprice might
prompt. If any of the liberated slaves should
prove incapable of providing for themselves, ap-
ply the same principles of justice to them that you
now apply .to such persons of any other class, and
the whole difficulty will have been met and over-
come. In my State we have the same laws for
the protection and management of paupers of all
classes, and I believe this is done in a majority of
the States without causing the slightest difficulty.
And there is no necessity for a distinction in this
respect in a rebel State. If large numbers of these
people are destitute of intelligence or capacity to
provide for themselves and to protect their own in-
terestsinatiy given locality, it creates no necessity
foia newrule. Tiieapplicationofthc principles that
protect the few will be sufficient to protect larger
numbers. If, therefore, a majority of liberated
Africans were found by experience to be incom-
petent to provide for themselves, society would
not receive the slightest shock. They would re-
ceive the protection of guardians appointed by the
courts, under bond with approved security, re-
sponsible to the tribunals of justice for their con-
duct; and society would receive the advantages of
their labor and service afterwards as before, and
the laboier would be secured in the enjoyment of
the proceeds of his toil.
But we have seen that this allegation of incom-
petency to provide for themselves is not true. It
may be partially true in limited localities and in
certain communities, but as a general proposi-
tion, it is totally false. On this point it might not
be amiss to give the testimony of a rebel Senator,
by whose side I sat in the old Chamber for sev-
eral years. I refer to the rebel RobertToombs. In
private conversation he told mc repeatedly that
there was no practical difficulty in liberating the
slaves; he said it was all a pretense; the men who
asserted this doctrine vifere demagogues; he said
that he defended slavery because, in his judgment,
it was right; it was for his interest and the inter-
est of his people to perpetuate it; and almost every
old Senator here will recognize such a statement
as characteristic of his boldness and candor. My
friend from New Hampshire says that he told him
the same thing,
Mr. HALE. With the Senator's permission
I will state it. Mr. Toombs did say to me once
and more than once in conversation, that any body
who pretended that white men could not labor
where negroes did, stated what was not true. He
said that where black men could labor white men
could; and, said he, " I do not make.my slaves
work because while men cannot do the work, but
I do it because I prefer to have them work for me;
butthepretense that white men cannot work where
black men can, is ail nonsense; they can; but we
make black men work because we like to make
them do it a great deal better than we do to work
ourselves."
Mr. HARLAN. Wise statesmen and candid
men, all over the slave States, ad mi t the same thing.
It is only from the lips of politicians, I will not
say demagogues, for that would be offensive, that
we hear of the impossibility of preserving peace
and order in a community composed in part of free
negroes. They talk of the practical difficulties in
the way of emancipation, until they have im-
pressed society with the conviction that free ne-
groes are exceedingly dangerous to civil society.
When examined candidly in the light of our own
experience and that of other nations, these sup-
posed difficulties vanish; the mountain becomes
at once but a molehill. While the Senator from
New Hampshire was speaking, some one handed
me a note stating that the navy in Brazil is com-
posed of negroes, with the exception of the offi-
cers. My colleague and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs tell me that time out ot
mindourown Navy has been supplied in part with
colored seamen. Hence we perceive that they may
be used with impunity in our armies and Navy,
for the common defense in time of war, and that
they may be governed and controlled, as freemen,
ill times of peace without the slightest danger to
civil society.
Then, if there is no .practical difficulty, and the
hand of God has thrown open their prison doors,
and you no longer are embarrassed by constitu-
tional impediments, and it is your interest to do
so, why not adopt a policy which may probably
result in the liberation of all the slaves in the rebel
Slates? I admit that the passage of this bill and
amendments may have that effect; I think it will.
1 think that will be the practical effect of the pol-
icy proposed. The bill provides for the liberation
of all those that shall have been employed in the
armed service of the United States, with their
wives and children; and I do not doubt that it will
lay the foundation for the liberation, sooner or
later, of the mass of the colored population of the
rebel districts, and ultimately oi the whole coun-
try-. This does not alarm me. A. careful exam-
ination of the whole subject, including a candid
analysis of the arguments of objectors, my own
observation, and the observations of others of the
highest intelligence, illustrated by the history and
experience of other nations, convinces me that
this policy will not involve us in the slightest dan-
ger. I know other Senators have expressed great
fear. But I do not think they have examined the
subject with sufficient care. The Senator from
lien lucky [iVIr. Oavis] has been very earnest in
urging the greatest forbearance. It is manifest to
all acquainted with his candor that he entertains
the most serious apprehensions. He has repeat-
edly cautioned the Senate against a policy that lie
evidently fears might cause a repetition of the
bloody scenes of St. Domingo. But a careful ex-
amination of that case will prove that it is always
more dangerous to do wrong than to aet justly
