2800
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
eighteen years of a^e, it is very proper; but as I
understand this section, all these persons are to be
convicted of these otffenses-or misfortunes, which-
ever they way be called, because it- goes on to say
that—
.Such' persons shall be committed by the courts in which
conviction shall be had to said house of industry, with aa
-alternate sentence to the jail or penitentiary of the District
ofCofumbia.
I submit that all after the first description, that
is the class of persons " under eighteen years of
age who shall be convicted of any crime other than
such as are capital or punishable by imprisonment
for life," is enough, perhaps, to cover all that is
comprised in what follows that is sufficiently def-
inite to amount to a crime; and I would submit to
the chairman whether it is not better to strike out
all except the first description which I have read
down to the word "life,, in the ninth line. The
section will then read:
That they may, at their discretion, rpceive into a house
of industry, provided by said society, any minors, under
the age of eighteen years, who shall be convicted of any
crime other than such as are capital or punishable by im-
prisonment for life, and such persons shall be committed
by the courts, &c.
It seems to me that would be an improvement.
It may be desirable that this class of persons may
be provided for by this institution—not on the
ground that they are first to be committed as
criminals, to be taken as persons who are with-
out support; butasa humaneandpreventive meas-
ure placed in the institution, and not require
them to be first convicted by the courts, as the
section now does.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to put myself
here in,competition with the astute lawyers by
whom I am surrounded on all sides. But it oc-
curred to me that nobody could be committed un-
der this bill. It was designed only to furnish a
receptacle to which should be sent youths who
had been convicted under the laws, in force in the
District of Columbia; and not only such as were
convicted by the courts under other laws, whether
of a municipal or of a national character, but that
they might, at their discretion, receive such youths
as might be sent there by their parents or guard-
ians, on account of their insubordination. That
was my construction of the bill. I apprehend
that the person who drew it never contemplated
that anybody was going to be sent to this house
of correction, because he should be convicted of
being a vicious person, whose parents or guard-
dians were unable to control him. Under this
bill these trustees may, in their discretion, " re-
ceive into the house of industry, provided by
said society, any minors, under the age of eight-
een years, who shall be convicted of any crime
other than such as are capital or punishable by
imprisonment for life;" or they may, at their dis-
cretion, receive such " vicious persons, whose
parents or guardians are unable or unwilling to
exercise proper care and discipline1" over them;
or they may—that is the way I read it—in their
discretion receive such personsas arc " destitute
of suitable homes and adequate means of obtain-
ing an honest living, and in danger of leading an
idle and immoral life."
Mr. MORRILL. Then it reads " and such
persons shall be committed by the courts.''
Mr. GRIMES. The latter part of that clause
is what ought to be stricken out, if you strike out
anything.
Mr. WADE. I believe the object of this bill
is a very laudable one and is approved by all, but
I suggest whether it would not be as well to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, to see
if it accomplishes the object for which it was de-
signed.
Mr. FOSTER. I think it had better be in the
hands of the District Committee.
Mr. WADE. I will not make the motion, but
1 suggest it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the amendment suggested will be
adopted by unanimous consent, or by reconsider-
ing the vote ordering the bill to a thml reading.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest thut it be passed by
informally, and that we take up some other hill,
and by that time wo can have it amended so as w
make no trouble.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. L*et it be passed over inform-
ally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoi-e. By common
consent it will be passed over for the present.
1 ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the jointres-
olurion that I introduced yesterday, for the ad-
journment of the two Houses of Congress on the
30th instant.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the resolution will not
be taken up.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carhlo, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Ken-
nedy, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nesmith, Powell, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stark, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—
14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Doolittle, Fessenden,Foot,Fostei,Grimes, Har-
ris, Howard, King, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Suinncr, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiliey,
and Wilson of Massachusetts—23.
So the motion to take up the resolution was not
agreed to.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Pierce
& Bacon, of Boston, Massachusetts, praying that
provision maybe made for the payment of certain
drafts held by them, drawn by Russell, Majors &
Waddell on the War Department, and accepted
by John B. Floyd, late Secretary of War; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSENGERS IN SECRETARY'S OFFICE.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
referred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved^ That the compensation of messengers m the
office of the Secretary of the Senate shall be the same as
that now received Uy the mesacnsseis of the Senate acting
as assistant doorkeeper*, to commence with the present
fiscal year; and that the difference between their present
papain! that to winch they will he entitled under this resolu-
tion, for the present fiocal year, be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone all prior orders, and that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 175, to define the pay and emol-
uments of certain officers of the Army and for
other purposes, which has come back from the
House of Representatives with various amend-
ments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom the bill was re-
ferred,"have reported certain amendments to the
amendments which have been made by the House
of Representatives, and they will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read them. The
first amendment of the House of Representatives
was to add to the second section of the bill the
following provisoes:
Provided, however, That when forage in kind cannot be
furnished by the proper department, then, and in all such
cases, officers entitled to forage shall be entitled to coin-
mute the same, according to existing legnlations: And,pro-
vided further, That officers of the Army and of volunteeis,
assigned to duty winch icqutre* them to be mounted,shall,
dunngthe time they are employed on such duty, receive
the pay, emoluments, and allowances of cavalryofficers of
the frame gtade respectively.
The committee proposes to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the following words:
And provided farther, That officers of the Army and of
volunteers, assigned to duty which require* them to be
mounted, shall, during the tune theyaie employed on such
duly, receive the pay, emoluments, and allowances of cav-
alry officers of the same grade lespectively.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The committee recommend that the Senate con-
cur in the third amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, with an amendment, to add after the
word " and," in the second line, the words *6 all
chaplains." The House amendment is to insert
at the end of section ten:
Chaplain* employed at the military posts called "chap-
lam po^t" shall be required to result at the post?., and shall
he subject lo such rule.- in relation to leave of absence from
duly as aie prescubed for commissioned ofliccrs of the Uni-
ted Slates Army stationed at such posts.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in, so as to read as follows:
Add at the end of section ten:
Chaplains employed at the military posts called " chap-
lain's post" shall bu required to reside at the posts, and all
chaplains shall be subject to such rules in relation to leave
of absence from duty as are prescribed for commissioned
officers of the United States Army stationed at such posts.
The Secretary. The committee recommend
that the Senate concur in the fifteenth amendment
of the House, with an amendment, in line eight,
after the word " or," to strike out the word " in-
fidelity," and insert " willful neglect of duty;" so
that the clause will read:
And whenever any contractor for any such supplies for
either the Army or Navy shall be found guilty by a court-
martial of fraud oi willful neglect of duty, he shall be pun-
ished by fine, imprisonment, or such other punishment as
the couit-martial shall adjudge.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know whether
this vote adopts the whole amendment of the
House.
Mr. LATHAM. All, with the exception of
that change of words.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I should like to know .
what the amendment of the House is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The whole
amendment of the House will be read.
The Secretary read the fifteenth amendment of
the House of Representatives, which is to insert
as a new section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That hereafter every
contractor for subsistence, clothing, arms, ammunition,
munitions of war, and for every description- ot supplies for
the Army or Navy of the United States, shall be subjected
to the rules and articles of war, as far as the same are ap-
plicable ; and whenever any contractor for any such sup-
plies for either the Army or Navy shall be found guilty by a
couit-maitial of fraud or infidelity, he shall be punished by
fine, imprisonment, or such other punishment as the court-
inartial shall adjudge; and any person who shall contract
to furnish supplies of any kind or descuption for the Auny
or Navy shall he deemed ami taken as a part of the land
or naval forces of the United States, for which he shall eon-
tract to furnish said supplies, and be subject to the rules
and regulations fin* the government of the land and naval
forces of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs propose to amend this
amendment of the House by striking out in the
eighth line the word "infidelity," and inserting
"willful neglect of duty."
The amendment ro the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. GRIMES. There are eight new sections
proposed to be inserted by the House of Repre-
sentatives. I suppose we are to take them upseri-
atim, each section by itself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will be
read in turn.
The Secretary. The committee recommend
that the Senate concur in the fifth, sixth, seventh,
ninth, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, and six-
teenth amendments of the House.
Tiie fifth amendment is to insert at the end of
the first proviso of the thirteenth section:
But said officer* so discharged from arrest may be tried
whenever the exigencies of the service will permit, within
twelve months after such release from arrest.
The amendment was concurred in.
The sixth amendment of the^House was to strike
out section sixteen, in the following words:
Sec. 16. And be it farther enacted, That hereafter the rate
of mileage of members of Congress shall be reduced fifty
per cent., to be computed by the most direct tiavel«d route
from thi'ir places of residence to the seat of Congress, re-
spectively. A statement of the mileage of each .Senator
shall be certified to the Secretary of the*Senate, and o! each
Representative and Delegate to the Scigeant-at-Arms of the
House ^'Representatives by the t'o*tnm^ter General, within
tluity da>s after the commencement of the first session of
each Cougiess: Provided, That until a railroad is con-
structed to the Pacific coast, the mileage of Senators and
Representatives from beyond the Rocky mountains shall be
computed by the usually traveled route.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ate agree to the amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
of Representatives propose to amend the bill by
striking out the section which has been read, and
the Committee on Military Affairs recommend
that the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the -Senate will not
concur m the amendment of the House. I am
prepared to state that the House struck this sec-
tion out by a misapprehension. The history of it
is this, if i gathered it correctly: a member from
