1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
37th Cong. ... 2d Skss.
Service of the Militias-Mr. Harlan.
Senate,
It is hardly necessary for me to inform the Sen-
ator that the French Deputies had provided by law
for the freedom of all the slaves on the island-, but
their masters resisted the decree, and attempted
by force to continue their bondage contrary to law.
Smarting under this flagrant injustice, the slaves
undertook the vindication oftheir own rights under
the laws of France; and in their redress of this
frievance they did commit some acts of barbarity,
'hfey did it, however, in defense of their legal
rights. By law they were free. Their masters at-
tempted the folly of continuing their bondage in
violation of law, and they suffered a fearful pen-
alty. But, sir, were these negroes singular in this ?
Did they not in this act very much like white
people? You,sir, would have acted substantially
as they did; so would the Senator from Kentucky
himself. AH men love liberty. Slavery is suffi-
ciently galling when sanctioned by the law of the
land; but should you attempt to impose on any
one chains contrary to law, could you e-xpect him
to submit to the outrage? You would not, Mr.
President; nnr would I; nor would tl)e-6enator
from Kentucky. Under these circumstances very
few would have hesitated to strike for their lib-
erty. Had it been done by white men it would
have received the praise of mankind. It was
this persistence in a gigantic wrong by the slave-
holders, in violation of the law of the land, that
drenched St. Domingo in blood.
But admitting that there is no practical difficulty,
I am aware that Senators and others frequently
suggest that this policy would inaugurate a con-
dition of society which white people would not
tolerate. They inquire " what will you do with
the blacks even if tliey should prove to be com-
petent to provide for their own support; will you
put them on a platform of equality with the white
people; will you make this mass of negroes
throughout the whole country equal with your
own sons and daughters? Are you in favor of the
equality of the raccs?" When I have heard such
suggestions from the stump during the excitement
of political campaigns, I have sometimes answered
in terms of ridicule; but that does not become this
presence, and 1 shall, therefore, for once, treat the
interrogatories with a careful and candid analysis.
Then what is meant by the phrase " equality of
negroes with white men?" Do Senators mean
physical equality; that the liberation of allegro
slave would necessarily make him physically equal
to the white man? The inquiry alone in this
analytical form renders it ridiculous. I apprehend
that his skin would still be black; that his lips
would be thick; thathisheel would belong; that
his foot would be flat; that his skull would be
thick; and that he would be less symmetrical and
beautiful in form than the white man, and prob-
ably less capable of enduring fatigue and toil m
a climate adapted equally to the temperament of
each. It is probable that the white race is capa-
ble of greater endurance than any other race of
men on earth. Itis not, therefore, I conclude, the
apprehension of physical equality that excites this
apparent alarm.
Then is it mental equality? Do they intend to
inquire if, in our opinion, this wquld make the
negro equally acute in his mental perceptions with
the white man; make his memory equally reten-
tive, his powers of comparison and reasoning
equally reliable, or his logic equally conclusive,
or his will equally persistent with thatofthe white
man? I apprehend that nobody anticipates any
such result fcom the enactment of any law. His
physical and mental organization would remain
afterwards as before, subjoct to the ordinal y laws
of creation and cultivation.
Then is it moral equality to which objection
is made? By moral capacity 1 suppose is meant
that power of the human mind or heart that rec-
ognizes moral obligations as the concomitant of
certain relations in life; that is to say, when 1
perceive that a certain human being is my father,
and another one is my child, there springs up an
emotion that we call moral obligation to reverence
the one and to provide for the other. When we
perceive the relations that exist between membei s
of a family, as husband and wife, brother and
sister, the same kind of spontaneous emotion
springsup, usually denominated moralobligauoii.
When we contemplate the relation that exists
between the citizen and the Government, the sub-
New Series—No. 21.
ject and the prince, between than and man as
members of the human family, or between man as
the creature and God as the Creator, we experi-
ence certain emotions, which we denominate pa-
triotism, loyalty, humanity,and piety, and which
prompt us to perform corresponding acta; they are
called moral acts, because they are said to spring
from this feeling of moral obligation. Now, is it
equality in these respects to which Senators ob-
ject; do they object to making colored men free,
and to allowing them to" know" their own wives
and to be able to recognize their own children,
lest they may experience moral emotions—feel-
ings of obligation to provide for them and protect
them on a platform of equality with white men?
I apprehend that it is not the kind of equality lhat
gentlemen refer to, and which they fear may result
in the destruction of human society.
Perhaps some one would Suggest that it is so-
cial equality with negroes that white men loathe?
Hence I now pay my respects to the apprehension
of evil under this head. What is meant by social
equality? I suppose that the social intercourse of
men with each otheris the result of the mutual dis-
covery on their part of a congeniality resulting
from common aspirations, desires, inclinations,
and tastes, and which prompt them to seek com-
mon means of enjoyment. Now, 1 inquire, if itis
necessary to pass a law to regulate a man's asso-
ciations, would you expect to be able by the enact-
ment of a law of Congress to make any one the
equal or the inferior of the Senator from Kentucky
as a social being, or to make any other two gentle-
men, wilhout reference to race or color, the equals
of each other in a social point of view? Is social
intercourse a fit subject of legislation ? Do notour
associations grow out of and depend on other
causes? Are ihcy not the inevitable result of sim-
ilarity of habits, tastes, dispositions, temperament,
and congeniality of spirit? In a free country is it
possible to control social intercourse by the enact-
ment of a law? You might have covered the stat-
ute-books of Kentucky all over with laws to the
contrary, and Hon. Richard M. Johnson would
have associated with a negro wench as his wife.
They were the social equals ofeach other. Intellect-
ually he was probably her superior, but socially,
they were exact equals. In temperament, dispo-
sition, and tastes, each found the other a boon
companion. This was not the result of the legal
abilities or disabilities of either. He was a free
man, and she, I believe, was a slave. This asso-
ciation did notspring from her liberation; this so-
cial equality was not the result of abolition. It
occurred in a slave State, in tile bosom of a slave-
holding community. Nor was it an isolated case,
as is demonstrated beyond all dispute or cavil by
the presence of an immense mulatto populafc-on in
every slaveholding State.
It may be objected that this illustration pertains
more to the family relations than to social inter-
course. But I answer, it is all the more conclu-
sive on that account. The family relations fur-
nish ihe most sacred means of social intercourse;
it gives society a permanency which makes its
members more directly amenable to the civil au-
thorities. Hence, if even here men follow their
tastes regardless of the restraints of law, how would
you hope to control by legal enactments the more
miscellaneous social intercourse of life. Itis liter-
ally impossible. It does not depend on legal pro-
visions.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly. _
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator if in
a good many «f the northern States the free negro
is not allowed to vote.
Mr. HARLAN. I will come to that tn a mo-
ment. , „
Mr. DAVIS. I ask if in the State of Massa-
chusetts he is not allowed to practice law.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly,a law to her honor.
Mr. DAVIS. I was addressing my question
to the honorable Senator from Iowa. I ask the
honorable Senator, too, whether i n Mossachusetts
there was not a law some time ago forbidding in-
termari lage between ihe white race and the negro
race,and whether that law within the last few years
has not been repealed. Is that to your honor, too.
Mr. HARLAN. Was that last question ad-
dressed to me ?
Mr. DAVIS. No; I addressed tli&t R> the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Most certainly, I consider
every law that overturns any relic of slavery to
the honor of Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator if he would
consider a general matrimonial alliance between
the two races in Massachusetts to their honor?
Mr. HARLAN. I must interpose here.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg your pardon.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have great respect for the
Senator from Kentucky, and have had since I be-
gan to notice our public men; although he may
have known but little of me, being somewhat his
junior, 1 have known him a long time, and have
contemplated his character with great pleasure
during his \yhole political career. I know that
the Senator does not trifle with any subject, that
he speaks with candor, and that he propounds
these questions with the expectation of a candid
reply.
[The honorable Senator here gave way tempo-
rarily for the consideration of reports from com-
mittees of conference; after which he proceeded.]
When Igave way I was stating that social equal-
ity was the result of mutual wishes, desires, tastes,
and purposes on the part of the individuals seeking
social intercourse,and was not illegitimate subject
of legislation. I will not pursue this further than
to say that the possession of wealth by some, and
the destitution of others, rendering them unequal
in ability to command the means of common en-
joyment, must exert a powerful influence on social
intercourse. With this modification, the position
I have taken appears to me to be impregnable.
And this leads me to reply in regular order to the
interrogatories of the Senator from Kentucky.
First, whether the people of the free States of dif-
ferent colors aie inhibited by the State laws li oni
intermarriage. This question might have been
propounded with greater propriety by me to him,
as I have no doubt he is more familiar with the
statutory provisions of the various States; but I
will answer that in some of the free States there
is no such law. In some of them such laws ex-
istedforatimeandwerethenrepealed. 1 remember
that in Indiana, the State in which I wasbiought
up, alaw existed for a year or so requiring cveiy
young man, on application for marriage license,
to make satisfactory proof, by oath or otherwise,
that his intended bride was not a negroes; but
the young men rebelled against this requirement.
They regarded it as an imputation on their tastes,
habits, and associations, and the law was re-
pealed. They did not deem that such a pre-
sumption, as applicable to them, was just; that no
officer had a right to presume tlmt they could en-
tertain a desire to seek a negress for a wife. I sup-
pose the Senator is now sufficiently answered on
that point. If 1 were disposed to be facetious, 1
would inquire of him if he deemed it necessary in
Kentucky to prevent the inter marriage of while
people with negroes, to prohibit u by a penal
statute. Such a law would be a standing insult
to the white population of his State. There may
be a few such intermarriages in any State, either
with or without the sanction of law; and without
the sanction of law more of them occur m slave
communities than in the free States, so that an ap-
plication of the argument involved in his interrog-
atory is directly in favor of the liberation of the
slave population. Have there been any such mar-
riages consummated in Washington city between
the whtte people and the slaves who wore liber-
ated a few months since by a law of Congress?
I think none have occurred; and theapprehension
is perfectly groundless. Sir, is there no oilier
reason for the separation of the black and white
races, in their matrimonial alliances, than the pen-
alties of the criminal law? Has the hand of nature
fixed no barrier to such loathsome associations?
Will they instinctively spring into each other s
arms in the absence of legal restraints? Are the
charms of the negro wench so far superior to those
of the Caucasian maid as to enable the first to
outstrip jfche latter in a fair competition for the at-
tentions of the sterner sex? And da your young
men deem themselves so far inferior in gallantry
to the sable sons of Africa as to need the assist-
ance of a criminal code to exclude the latter when
paying their devotions at the shrine of female
loveliness? Are they not content with the natural
