1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
faithfully and well; not that he has paid for a sin-
gle vessel a single dollar more than its actual value;
not but that the Government has received a full
consideration and full equivalent for all money it
has paid for these vessels; not that any fraud or
collusion or corruption has been practiced or con-
nived at, either by the Secretary or by the agent in
all these transactions—nothing at all of all these;
but the gist of the complaint, the sum and sub-
stance of it is, that the agent has received too large
a compensation for his services. That his remu-
neration turned out to be large is true; but this
imputes or implies no moral delinquency, no dere-
liction of duty on his part, or on the part of the
Secretary of the Navy; nor any proper want of
economy even, on the part of either of them. It
resulted from the vast and unexpected magnitude
of the business which he did, his compensation
being contingent upon the amount of purchases he
should make, and which at the time this agency
was committed to him neither the Secretary of the
Navy nor any other man could foresee. No one
then could know what extent of purchases it might
he necessary to make. No one then could know
what the extent of the Government demand would
be; for no one then knew what proportions this
rebellion would reach. The Presidenthimselfdid
not know, and could not anticipate, when in April
last he issued his proclamation calling for seventy-
five thousand volunteers, that in three months
from that time he would be obliged to summon to
•the field seven times seventy-five thousand men.
The agent was to be paid the ordinary commis-
sion of two and a half per cent, upon the pur-
chases he should make, be they more or less, and,
m the ordinary language of these contracts, to be
paid m all cases by the seller. I am well enough
aware that the seller would be very likely in most
cases, and perhaps in all, to attempt to add the
amount of commission to the price of his vessel,
and so to get it out of the Government, and per-
haps, in some cases he might succeed in that at-
tempt. I am willing to concede that the Govern-
ment probably in some if not all these cases pays
a part at least of the commissions; how large a
portion or how small a portion, or whether the
whole of it or whether any part of it, is in the
very nature of the transaction impossible to de-
termine. And under any other mode of compen-
sation, the Government pays it, and pays the
whole of it. The aggregate of the purchases being
very large, amounting to the enormous sum of
three and a half millions, or thirty-five hundred
thousand dollars, the commissions accordingly ran
up to a large sum; about seventy thousand dol-
lars, not ninety or ninety-five thousand dollars, as
has been sometimes stated. That would be about
the sum upon a computation of two and a half per
cent, on $3,500,000; but the explanation is that he
received only one percent, on a portion of his pur-
chases, for reasons which he explains in his letter
to Mr. Sedgwick, chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs in the House of Representatives.
Now, if the Secretary was in fault m adopting
this rule of compensation in this case, he was only
in fault in not knowing, what nobody else knew
or could know, the amount of the purchases which
would be necessary to be made, and in doing
precisely what the sharpest and most prudent
business men do in their own private transactions
of a similar character. This, as I understand it,
is a rule of compensation which Boards ofTradc
or Chambers of Commerce, after long years of
experience and observation,have established;and j
it has been reeognizcd and fixed by the custom of '
merchants as the settled law of compensation in
cases of this kind m the absence of any special
agreements. The shrewdest and most sagacious
class of men in the world with respect to all mat-
ters of business, after years ofexperience and trial,
have adopted this rule as being upon the whole
the best and most equitable rule of compensation
as between the buyer and the seller upon the one
hand and the agent upon the other, in cases of sale
and purchase. In short, it is the established and
recognized law-merchant, if I may so call it, by
which compensation is regulated in transactions
of this character. Although it may operate hardly
and perhaps even oppressively m particular cases
—sometimes upon the agent and sometimes upon
the principal—nevertheless long years of expe-
rience have shown it on the whole to be the best
and most equitable rule, as one of general ap-
plication for these agencies, that could be devised,
subject, of course, always to be varied by specific
agreement.
Now, then, I have to ask, shall a publicofficer
be subject to^ censure, held up to public reproba-
tion, for having applied this rule of the commer-
cial world in the case of a Government agency to
make purchases upon Government account, be-
cause in that particular case it may have hap-
pened,from the enormous and unexpected and un-
foreseen amount of the purchases, to have proved
largely profitable to the agent? On the contrary,
1 think that, under all the circumstances, the
sober, intelligent judgment of the country will, at
least, be slow to condemn, if it do not approve,
the application of the rule in this instance. Al-
though the results of the agency have proved prof-
itable to the agent, at the same time they have
been no less profitable to the Government itself.
Why, sir, in a single instance, the interposition
of the agent in a negotiation which had been con-
cluded by a naval officer of high rank and char-
acter and of high intelligence, for the charter,
with the privilege of purchase, of several steam-
ships, at a price already stipulated and agreed
Mpon—his interposition,! say,in thattransaction,
by causing a reduction from the pric6—not upon
the price asked, but on the price stipulated and
agreed to be paid by that naval officer—saved to
the Government more than twice the aggregate
amount of ail his commissions; and in another
instance of a similar kind he saved to the Govern-
ment $23,000. I am able to give to the Senate the
details of that transaction, if it were required, ond
in the progress of this debate I may feel obliged to
do so. I omit it, however, for the present.
There had been some complaint, also, outside,
if not here upon this floor, that Mr. Morgan had
paid more than the actual value of certain vessels
that he purchased; and sometimes the propeller
called the Stars and Stripes has been indicated
as one of the vessels for which he paid more than
its value. The sum he paid was $55,000. The
evidence is, and the opinion of competent judges
is, that this was not one dollar more than its act-
ual value. Hut that is not all. I will show you
on how much better terms he made that purchase
than other purchases had been made by a high
naval officer—other purchases of a similar char-
acter, and where the comparison can be faiily
made. A short time before this, Commodore
Breese, an officer of high intelligence and high
character, then in command of the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, under the authority of the Secretary
of the Navy purchased two propellers called the
Penguin and the Albatross, for which he paid
$150,000—$75,000 for each—being $20,000 for
each more than Mr. Morgan paid for the Stars
and Stripes. And let me say further, that the two
vessels, which were of the same description, pur-
chased by Commodore Breese, were older by two
years, and of less tonnage and of less value than
the Stars and Stripes, purchased by Mr. Mor-
gan for §20,000 less. These are but a few of
many instances which show with how much skill
and economy Mr. Morgan made his purchases,
and show how much the Government has been
the gainer by his employment.
So much, Mr. President, for the difference of
cost to the Government between purchases made
by naval officers of the highest rank and char-
acter, and the cost to the Government of pur-
chases made under a single commercial agency;
and so much, too, for the preference of the one
system over the other in their practical results. So
much, too, for the chaige that Mr. Morgan has
been robbing the Government; and so much for
the assertion, too, that all his commissions come
directly from the public Treasury.
1 do not mean to be understood, Mr. President,
as saying here that this was the only or even the
best possible mode or measure of compensation jj
which could have been adopted in this case. All ij
I mean to say is that, under the existing facts and
circumstanccs of the occasion, the actual results
of the tiansaction, the economy and cheapness
with which the vessels were purchased, do not
warrant us in voting a censure upon the Secretary
oftheNavy,impeachinghis characteras an honest
and upright man and officer, if they do not fully
justify him in the appointment of a single com-
mercial agency, in the appointment of the very
person he did appoint to this agency, and in the
adoption of the rule of compensation which the
commercial world had adopted as, upon the whole,
the best and the most equitable, as a general,rule-
of compensation, as between the agent and the
buyer and seller, in open market.
In view, then, Mr. President, of all the circum-
stances of this case, I confess that I am upable- to
see anything in all this transaction whjch, in the
slightest degree, impeaches the character of Mr.
Welles, which he has borne through all his life*
time as an honest, a trustworthy, and an honor*
able man.
Sir, at this passing hour, when we are consid-
ering this resolution of censure upon the Secretary
of the Navy, for it is nothing less and nothing
else, the recent brilliant naval achievements of
Dupont, of Foote, and of Goldsborough, which;
at this moment are thrilling the heart of every
loyal American citizen with unwonted joy and
exultation, attest also the ability, the efficiency,
the vigor, the activity, and the success of the ad-
mi niatiation of that arm of the public servicc ovet
which he presides. And now, sir, again admit-
tingan error of judgment, if you please, ad milling
a mistake if you please on the part of Lhe Secre-
tary of the Navy under the overwhelming press-
ure of the occasion, 1 put the question to you,
Senators, in all earnestness, is it wise, is it pol-
itic, is it just, is it just to ourselves, is it just to
the Secretary, is it just to the country in this hour
of its peril, to attempt to smite down the man un-
der whose directions and under whose agency the
onlyeffectual blow has been struck which, as yet,
has been given for the suppression of this rebel-
lion , and for the preservation of our national life ?
Mr. HALE. 1 was not in the Senate Chamber
at the commencement of the Senator's Remarks;
but a friend has suggested to me that he alluded
to a use I made of Mr. Minturn's letter as if I had
kept back a part of it that was favorable to Mr.
Welles.
Mr. FOOT. Oh, no. I remarked, as was the
fact, that the Senator from New Hampshire read
that portion of the letter which was pertinent to
another point which he was discussing.
Mr. HALE. I want to read what 1 did say, to
show that I was not disposed to do the Secretary
injustice in the remarks I made.
Mr. FOOT. I do not intend to impute any
such intention or purpose to the Senator from
New Hampshire; and I understand from the Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] that I did
not, and he listened to my remarks at the time.
Mr. HALE. I said;
" 1 will read first from a letter received from Robert B.
Mhmirn, in answer to a letter addressed by the chairman
to him I shall premise that Mr. Mintum speaks iu high
terms oftlie cluuacterof Mi. Morgan and hisjudgmentand
the manner in which lie conducts the bu«tnus& that is in-
trusted to him, and conducted this paiticular one."
Mr. WILKINSON. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to say a few words on tin's resolution, and
but very few. I do not know that it is necessary
to decide correctly upon the adoption of this res-
olution to inquire particularly whether this action
was honest or dishonest. 1 do not know that the
former characterof the Secretary of the Navy and
the integrity of Mr. Morgan as a business man
settle this question. There are other considera-
tions involved in it; and I am not disposed to place
the decision of the vote which is to be given on
this resolution upon the issue which the Senator
from Vermont raises to-day, and which the Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] presented the
other day. 1 admit that those Senators have pre-
sented this case in the strongest possible terms in
favor of the action of the Secretary of the Navy;
but they do not present the true question before
the country.
At the last session of Congress I voted to im-
pose a direct tax on the people of Minnesota of
about one hundred thousand dollars. They are
unable to-day to pay that tax. I am called upon
by the Senator from Connecticut, and by other
loyal Senatois here, to vote another tax on the
people that 1 represent. They have sent as many
men as they can spare into the field to fight the
battles of the country for thirteen dollars a month.
Their families are left at home to be supported by
their neighbors and their friends. Different com-
mittees of this Senate ask me to vote another tax
upon the people of that State; and when I return
home, and they ask me how this money has been
expended, and I tell them that one man in the city
of New Yoik is paid more by the Secretary of the
Navy than all their soldiers combined receive,
what explanation can I make? When they peti-
