820.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
tion me to cut down my own salary, and to vote
for,the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts to
cut down the salaries of the officers of the Army,
and to cut down the salaries of all the other offi-
cers of the Government, and- to pass an income
tax upon every man, and when they tell me that
the Secretary of the Navy pays one man more for
one month's service than any of these officers get
in a year twice over, what explanation can I make ?
What explanation can any man make?
■Sir, 1 say the question is not whether Mr.
Welles is an honest man, or whether Mr. Mor-
gan is an honest man, or whether he purchased
these vessels honestly and economically or not.
Did Mr. Morgan do more than his duty ? Is he
more faithful than the most humble soldier who
takes his musket and goes into the field for thir-
teen dollars a month? Is he more faithful than
one of the little pages that runs upon this floor?
Is any man entitled to credit for merely doing his
duty ? No, sir. It is his duty to be faithful to
the Government, no matter what he receives; and
when Senators urge that as a reason for paying
Mr. Morgan from twelve to thirteen thousand
dollars per month, I say it is not a reasonable or
consistent argument to urge to the American peo-
ple at a time when you are taxing them beyond
their power and their ability to pay. Why, sir,
yesterday we all voted, under a great and press-
ing necessity, for a bill to issue $150,000,000 of
Treasury notes, making them a legal tender—
a measure which I apprehend no Senator here
would have supported, except from the great and
urgent necessity that is pressing upon the country
to-day. *How"can Senators rise up before the
country and justify this action of the Secretary of
the Wavy, when you are grinding down the hard-
laboring element of this country almost beyond
its power of endurance to suppoit this war? I
wish to read an extract from the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which seems to me
to be very apt and very pertinent and very appro-
priate:
" It is said to be necesmiry, not only that justice should
be done, but tliat the public should be satisfied that it in
done; and in tins view, your committee regret that in the
city of New York a man could not have been iound to
transact this business lor the Navy Department out of the
lamlty connection of the Secretary ; for however pure and
honest his purpo&e may havo been 111 the selection, it cannot
fail to give rise to suspicions that other motives than a single
purpose to subserve the public interests may possibly have
influenced the choice that was made."
I read this cxtract for the purpose of drawing
the attention of the Senate to the first sentence in
it., that when you arc taxing them as you propose
to do, the people of this country must bo satisfied
with the action of their public officers, and they
must be satisfied that the Secretary acted wisely
and properly in this transaction. Now, sir, 1 sup-
pose that Mr. Morgan did do Ins duty in pur-
chasing these vessels; I do not call his action in
question; but I do say that it is a burning shame
to pay such an exorbitant sum to any one man
forany services he may discharge under this Gov-
ernment, and the people of the country will rise
up in condemnation ol this act, and they will con-
demn this Senate if they indorse it. The whole
nation is pouring out its substance to support the
Government to-day; the whole nation, women as
well as strong men, are giving their energies to
the support of the Government; and heie the Sec-
retary of the Navy gives $12,000 per month to his
brother-in-law to engage in the business of pur-
chasing vessels for the Government. It cannot be
defended. I care not how pure these men are and
have been, I cannotgo to the people of Minnesota
and successfully defend myself with a vote in-
dorsing a transaction of this kind.
These arguments then all fall to the ground. I
admit that the Navy have won great laurels in this
war of late; but Mr. Morgan did not win them,
nor the Secretary of the Navy. 1 do not want
Senators here to take the glory from the gallant
men who bare their breasts to the shafts of the
enemy, and give it to those who have filled their
purses with the gold of the nation. It is unfair
and unwise, in my humble judgment.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose the Senator does not
mean to say that has been done, or that anybody
lias attempted it.
Mr. WILKINSON. It has been referred to by
the Senator from Vermont to-day, and was re-
ferred to by the Senator from Connecticut the
other day; for what purpose I know not, except
to give the Secretary of the Navy the credit of
these gallant exploits of the officers of the Navy.
Mr. DIXON. I said, if the Senator will allow
me, that these exploits to which he refers were a
tribute to the industry and the skill of the Secre-
tary of the Navy as well as to the courage of our
officers and sailors.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, it is said
that the relationship which the Secretary bore to
the agent which he employed is no particular ob-
jection to this transaction. I admit that. I admit,
too, that the Secretary was justified in appointing
a man in whom he could place the most implicit
confidence. That was highly proper, in my judg-
ment. But when the Secretary found out what
the amount of this percentage would be, when he
found out that this relative of his was receiving
such an enormous amount of money from the
people of this country, wisdom would have dic-
tated to him, common s'ense would have dictated
to him, that the people would revolt at such a trans-
action unless he changed the compensation. It is
said that the Secretary did not know what the
amount of these purchases would be. He knew
that the amount would be very large. He knew4
that there was a large number of vessels to be pur-
chased, at any rate; and hence, if he had stopped
to reflect one moment, he would have known that
the compensation was far greater than should
have been allowed.
But, sir, it is said that this is the usual amount
that is ordinarily paid under such circumstances.
I have not heard anybody question the truth of
the letters which were written by gentlemen from
New York, and which were referred to by the
Senator from NewHampshire the other day; and
they settle the matter beyond all question in my
mind. Mr. Minturu says:
" In regard to the late of commission usual here on the
&ale or ptueha-e of vessels, 1 would state that, m the ab-
sence of any agreement between the buyer and seller, the
rate of commission recommended by the Chamber of Com-
me.rco is two and a halt'per cent."
This is what was paid in this case. He further
says:
" But it is necessary to add, that between a merchant
scllmi; vessels and a bioker pmehasing, there is almost in-
variably a .specific an.umement, and wiieie the amount1-are
large, the iate of commission to be paid does not usually
exeocd one and one and a quaitor per cent."
This refers to cases where the number is small
compared with the number of vessels the Secre-
tary expected to buy. Mr. Field writes as fol-
lows:
New York; January 21, 1862.
Mv Dear Sut: Your letter of the 19th instant received.
Inclosed I hand you a punted dncumentshowmg the laies.
of commission? allowed by the Chamber ot'Commerce for
the pmchasc and sale of vessels, &.e.
These rates are usually charged by persons acting as com-
mission merchants, and they take the usk of the purchase
upon themselves, and in ease their principals should not
lulfill then engagements, the loss would fall upon the com-
mission merchant, as die seller would look to him only,and
would know nothing whatever about any thnd party
Wheie no tiskis a-vumed, merely being employed to buy
for another paity, the usual charge is a brokeiage of from
one louith to one per cent., accoidmg totbe amount of the
transaction and the agreement between the panics at the
time, and it is ciwomaiy when puicha-.es are joi very laige
amounts that a special agreement is made icspecting the
rate of btokerage to be chained.
J have no doubt that Mr. Morgan used his best judgment
lor the Government in puiehasmg the vessel-:, but m my
opinion he was only a bioker for the Government in those
transactions, and ceitainiy should not charge mote than any
first-class shipping broker would loi doing the same busi-
ness.
With much respect, veiy truly your friend,
VYliUS W. FIELD.
Hon. John P. Hale, United Slates* Senate.
Mr. Field says that the ordinary charge for the
same service which Mr. Morgan rendered to the
Government, was from one quarter to one per cent.
My opinion is that the Secretary of the Navy
supposed at the commencement of this transaction
that he was paying what was customary for such
service. I cannot beiicve that he intended to pay
more than the ordinary price for purchasing a
single vessel; but it seems that he did pay more.
When he found out that that mistake was made,
he should have rectified it at once. But did he
do so ?
I did not expect when I rose to say much about
this case, and shall not protract my remarks much
farther. The Senator from Vermont says that
these purchases were made cheaper than Commo-
dore Breese and other naval officers purchased ves-
sels. What does that prove ? It proves that Com-
modore Breese did not do his duty, that Mr. Mor- i
gan did his duty. We are not to give him credit
and pay him this enormous sum for doing his
duty. Does not every Senator here expect to do
his duty? Is he entitled to credit for doing it? It
is his solemn obligation to do his duty just as it
is the obligation of every soldier to do his duty,
although he gets but thirteen dollars per month.
Now, sir, my objection to the transaction of the
Secretary, and my obligation to condemn it, arise
from the fact that I consider it wrong, and it will
be condemned by the people of the country. The
people cannot sustain such transactions as these.
We may as well condemn transactions of this kind
here and now, as to condemn them in the future.
What encouragement have the people to sustain
this Government; whatencouragement have they
to give up their hard earnings, and to share them
with the Government, in order to maintain it in
this crisis, if we are to permit public officers to
distribute the funds which are wrung from the
people in this way in large amounts to their par-
ticular personal friends? I am prepared, and I
shall vote, I presume, for the measures of retrench-
ment which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
talks so much about. I tried the other day to make
a retrenchment of some thirteen or fourteen thou-
sand dollars in the White House; but I was voted
down in regard to that. I believe we got but four
votes in favor of cutting it down; and I saw a little
note in a paper that the men who voted for it hap-
pened to be those who never talked much about re-
trenchment, and those who voted to allow it were
thoso who talked the loudest about retrenchment."
But, sir, I do not think I shall be governed in my
action by these transactions atail. 1 intend to vote
for those measures upon the consideration that we
are called upon to tax ourselves and to tax the peo-
ple of the United States to as great an extent as
they can bear to maintain the credit of this Gov-
ernment, and to uphold it in the stri^ggle which is
now going on in the country.
I hope, Mr. President, that the resolution will
be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I made a few
remarks on a former occasion in regard to this
subject, and under circumstances when it was not
my purpose to participate in the debate at all. I
should not now address the Senate on the sub-
ject  
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the Senator to let this resolution go over, and
he can have the floor upon it on another day.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
we cannot get the vote to-day on this resolution,
and I want to get a bill through which contains
some very important provisions. I gave way m
order to allow the Senator from Vermont to make
his speech, with Lhe intention of submitting the
motion again as soon as he concluded. I should
like to have this resolutiongo over for the present.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Then I move
that it be postponed for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill No. 175, to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. I do not look upon
this as being such a trilling thing as some others
do. 1 think the resolution proposed to be post-
poned is one that will indicate to the countiy
whether we are in earnest in what we say in re-
gard to retrenchment and reform and economy,
or not. 1 think we had better continue its con-
sideration. This act is now the act of the Secre-
tary, and we may make it our own. I have no
disposition to speak upon it, but 1 do want a
vote. I think it an impoitant question.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We cannot
get the vote to-day.
Mr. HALE. I think we can. There is no-
body else who wants to speak but the Senator
from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the resolution under consideration, for
the purpose of taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
taking up the bill for the purpose of allowing (he
Senator to offer amendments to it; but before the
final vote is taken I shall want to say something
upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
motion to postpone will be agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, I feel it my duty to call up the
