1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2803
is important that it should be retained in the Ad-
jutant General's department and in all the other
departments. We know that the men who are
promoted to the rank of captain, which is the low-
est grade at present in the Adjutant General's de-
partment, are taken from the first lieutenants in
the line of the Army. They generally get that
promotion a long while before they would be en-
titled to it in the line. Practically, by transfer
from the line of the Army to the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department, they obtain at once one grade
of advancement—from first lieutenant to captain.
This section now proposes to abolish the rank of
captain in the Adjutant General's department, and
to provide that there shall be nothing below the
grade of major in that department. I think it is
doing manifest injustice to all the other depart-
ments of the Army. These Adjutant Generals
are mere clerks to commanding officers. They
assume no responsibility. They are always act-
ing with their commanding officer, and under his
direction and according to his dictation. Officers
with the rank of captain in other departments of
the Army are compelled to assume large responsi-
bilities. For instance, in the quartermaster's and
commissaiy's departments they are compelled to
act upon their own judgment, and frequently to
assume responsibilities which are of a nature to be
very embarrassing to almost any officer. I think
that an officer who is in a position where lie as-
sumes none of these responsibilities, where he
is acting under the direction of the commanding
officer as a mere clerk, ought not to have so much
promotion; he ought not to hold so much rank.
I dare say there are many meritorious instances
in the Adjutant General's department where the
officers should be promoted, but I do not believe
that the adoption of this section as it is will do
justice to the rest of the Army and to the other
corps. I think it would be manifest injustice to
them. 1 do not think any of the gentlemen who
are serving as adjutant generals with the rank of
captain have been more than eight or ten years in
the service. They have attained that grade with
a shorter period of service than theofficers in any
other corps in the Army. There are officers in the
quartermaster's and commissary's departments
and in the line of the Army who have been serv-
ing twenty yeais, and have now only attained the
grade ofcaptain, while these gentlemen, who have
served but eight or ten years, have already at-
tained the grade ofcaptain, and it is now proposed
at a single jump, at one swoop, to make them
majors, and hereafter to provide that there shall
be no captains in the Adjutant General's depart-
ment. I am in favor of the first part of the section,
increasing the jiumber and the grade of the officers
in this department, but I am not in favor of abol-
ishing the rank of captain and making every gen-
tleman who happens to attain a position in the
Adjutant General's department a major.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The young men em-
ployed in the Adjutant General's office, to my
knowledge, have refused opportunities of promo-
tion in the volunteer service, and I should like to
have this section adopted as an act of justice to
them. By discharging their duties in the Adju-
tant General's office, they have missed opportu-
nities of promotion. So far as the discharge of
their duty has come within my observation, they
have been faithful and prompt", and are worthy of
the consideration of Congress. The other House
having inserted this section in the bill, I hope the
Senate will adopt it.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to move to non-
concur in this section ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
pending now is on an amendment to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives. It is^ m
order to amend an amendment before any question
is put which shall strike out tile whole of it.
Mr. GRIMES. Whenever the motion shall be
in order,! shall move to strike the section out, be-
cause it is not germane to Lhe bill, and has nu busi-
ness there. We have penuing in both Houses an
independent proposition on the same subject in
these identical terms, and I am willing, when the
proper time comes, to take op that bili and act
upon it. But this bill purported to be an econom-
ical lull, it was intended to curtail a good many of
the expenses of the Government growing out of
the operations ofthe Army departments; but now,
as it comes back to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, it raises up all the persons in the Adju-
tant General's office, except.two, to a grade higher
than they now possess, although they are mem
clerical officers, performing duties ofa clerical char-
acter in the departnient, or attached to the staffs
of general officers. The Senator from Oregon pro-
poses to amend the section by striking off the lat-
ter part of it, the effect of which will be to create
twelve new officers with the rank of captain. I
do not think we are prepared to do that, and I do
not think we are prepared to pass the section in
this shape. Let it come up as an independent
proposition, with the other propositions we have
pending to consolidate the engineer corps, create
bureaus of transportation, &c.
Mr. NESMITH. The first part of the section,
to which I have no objection, and for the passage
of which I am very anxious, provides that "there
shall be added to the Adjutant General's depart-
ment, by regular promotion of its present officers,
one colonel, two lieutenant colonels, and nine
majors." I believe there is a necessity for these
officers on account of the accumulation of business
growing out of the war, and the increase of the
Army. There is another consideration why I
should be in favor of it. It grants promotion to
these gentlemen who, as the Senator from Kansas
says, have served so well in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department. I concur in all he says in
relation to that matter, for I believe they have dis-
charged their duties efficiently. But itis not true,
as the Senator from Kansas alleges, that they have
all missed opportunities of promotion. Some of
them I know have been promoted. Some of them
have been made brigadier generals in the volun-
teer service. They have all been promoted from
first lieutenants to captains on going into this
department; as I stated before, one grade of pro-
motion more than they would have had in the line
of the Army. Some of them have been appointed
brigadier generals of volunteers. The first part
of tiiis section provides ample reward for their
meritorious conduct by giving the President an
opportunity to promote them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask the
Senatorfrom Oregon a question. Does he mean to
say that the statement I made that the young men
in the Adjutant General's office had refused pro-
motion was not true?
Mr. NESMITH. I do not say so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That was my state-
ment, and I understood the Senator from Oregon
to say it was not true.
Mr. NESMITH. I understood the Senator
from Kansas to say they were not promoted. 1
said that was not correct. I may, pel haps, have
used a harsher term than the Senator thought
proper, but I know some of them have been ap-
pointed bugadicr generals of volunteers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The statement I made
was, that these young men in the Adjutant Gen-
cial's office had lost oppoi tunnies of promotion
in the volunteer service. Does the Senator mean
to say that is not correct?
Mr. NESMITH. I mean to say that some of
them have been promoted m the volunteer service.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This is the statement
I made: that these young men, Captain Ruggles,
Captain Vincent, Captain Townsend, Captain
Garesche, &c., have missed opportunities of pro-
motion in the volunteer service.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not know what Captain
Vincent or Captain Ruggles has done, or what
young men oi what old men have done. I know
the fact that some of the officers of the Adjutant
General's department have been made brigadier
generals of volunteers, i suppose they all could
not be spared, or perhaps more would have been
made brigadier generals. The Senator from Iowa
suggests to me that some of them have been pro-
moted to major generals. I know some who
havebeen made brigadiergenerals; Icannotname
all of them now; but I know General Hartsuff.
Fourteen months ago he was a first lieutenant of
aitillery. He was appointed to the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department in February, 186), with the rank
of captain, a rank which he would not have at-
tained in the line, under ordinary circumstances,
in less than eight or ten years. He is a captain
in the Adjutant General's department and a brig-
adier general in the volunteers. This section pro-
poses to make him a major in that dcpaitment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I know the Senator
from Oregon does not intend to do me injustice.
I ask him, categorically and plainly, if he means
that the statement I have made that the young
men in the Adjutant General's office in this city
have missed opportunities of promotion in the
volunteer service is true or not?
Mr. NESMITH. I will not undertake to say
that it was not strictly true. I undertake to say
that I know nothing about it. *
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. You used the word
"untrue."
Mr. NESMITH. If I did, I did not, of course,
intend to use it in any offensive sense. Perhaps
in the hurry of debate I may have used a word
that was too strong, but it was without the inten-
tion of giving offense. I may have said the state-
ment was not true when I merely meant to say
that the Senator was mistaken. Ofcotirsel would
not undertake to question the veracity of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, or any other Senator. All I
meant was that there was a mistake about it, that
if the Senator intended to convey the idea that the
gentlemen serving in the Adjutant General's de-
partment had notreceived promotion, he was mis-
taken, because the facts did not correspond with
that statement.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom Oregon
will not be adopted if we are to retain this pro-
vision. As was stated by the Senator from Iowa,
it will simply create so many additional officers.
Now, the section itself is a simple proposition.
The House of Representatives have put it upon
this bill. We have it as an independent measure
before the Senate; and if the House had not put
it upon this bill, I certainly should not have de-
sired to do so. This bill, as stated by the Senator
from Iowa, is a reformatory bill, intended to cor-
rect errors and reduce expenditures; but this sec-
tion is upon the bill by the action of the House of
Representatives, and on reflection the committee
voted, 1 think with general consent, to concur in
the amendment. I believe that we ought to do
something for the Adjutant General's department.
Tl\at the officers are rapidly promoted when they
commence in this department is true; but it is not
true, taking a series of years, that they are pro-
moted so rapidly as their associates. This section
will make Lieutenant Colonel Buell, who is now
a major general of volunteers, and who has been
twenty-one years in the Army, a colonel; and it
will make Major Williams, who has been twenty
years in the service,a lieutenantcolonel; and Ma-
jor Garesche, who has been twenty-one years in
the Army, a lieutenant colonel. It is certain, if
the section should be adopted, that hereafter in
selecting persons to go into the Adjutant General's
department, instead of selecting them from first
lieutenants, they will be selected from captains.
We have had rapid promotion during the war.
The duties imposed upon the officers in tlie Ad-
jutantGeneral s department have been very great.
Major Garesche, Captain Ruggles, and many of
these officers, have toiled with great fidelity, labor-
ing night and day, and liave icceived no promo-
tion by it. This section will give them some pro-
motion. I have no doubt if these officers had been
in the regular line of the Army, they would gen-
erally bave received more promotion than they
have received during the war.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now proceed to the consideration of the spe-
cial order ofthe day, the Pacific railroad bili, the
printed bill being on the tables of Senators. That
being the special order of the hour, it supersedes
the question before the Senate.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a report from a
committee of conference lyin^upon the table that
will occupy but little time. I desire to move that
the Senate disagree to the report of the committee
of conference, and ask that another conference be
had. It is the report of the committee of confer-
ence oil the Indian appropriation bill. That bill
wentto acommittcc of conference on the disagree-
ing votes ofthe two Houses; and there is one of
the amendments agreed to by the committee of
conference to which I do not agree. Besides, the
committee of conference incorporated into the bill
an amendment which had not been passed upon
by either House, and according to the ruling of
the Senate the other day it will be necessary that
it be referred again to a committee of conference.
I move, therefore, that the Senate disagree to the
report of the committee of conference, and that
