1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i843
Tellers were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL SUB-TREASURY CLERKS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to provide a further cler-
ical force for the office of the Assistant Treasurer
of the United States at St. Louis, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to refer it to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman that the Committee on Public Expend-
itures have reported a similar bill for the sub-
Treasury at Boston.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether we have not already made an
appropriation for additional clerical force at the
sub-Treasury in St. Louis?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This is to legalize
their employment.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Public Expenditures.
OHIO RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HUTCHINS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Ohio in relation to rebel officers and other prison-
ers of war at Columbus and Camp Chase; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. COX, (at three o'clock and
thirty-five minutes, p. m.,) the House adjourned
until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 98, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
SLAVE OWNERS IN THE DISTRICT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senateihe followmgcommunication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, 1862.
Sir? In pursuance of a resolution ot the Seriate ot the
18th instant,! herewith transmit a list of slaves and persons
holding slaves in the District of Columbia, indicating the
ages of tho*>e held to turvice and their di-tubution m the
cities of Washington and Georgetown and the county of
Washington.
As this record, after the lapse of twenty months, may not
present a correct statement of the pnj^i-nt or very recent
relation of the free population to that of the slave, and as
it exposes the private affairs of individuals, to pubh-h which
would be inconsistent with the authouzed repiesentauous
of the cen>us takcn, 1 would ie«p<jetful!y suggest the in-
quiry whether it wouid be ptoper to print ft tor circulation.
1 have the honor to be, with cieat le-pect. your obedient
servant, CALEB B. SM1TII, Secretai xj.
The prf^idrvt of the sfnate.
Mr. SUMNER, it seems to me advisable that
this communication should be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT/)?-*} tempore. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion?
Mr. SUMMER. I make that motion, and in
making; it I wiii add one remark. In ofFerins; the
resolution I did the other day, I felt that I was
doin£ a g-ood seivice to the commissioners who
would have to carry out our recent emancipation
act, and I felt also that I was helping to obtain
means to correct the abuses which might take
piace in anticipation of that aot. I was sorry to
near of efforts during the last few weeks to run
able-bodied slaves out of the District. Slavery
is often called a patriarchal institution, and I was
anxious to see how many of the patriaichs in this
District, in avoidance of the action of Congress,
had transported slaves beyond the reach of its be-
neficent power. Such an outrage ought to be ex-
posed. I confess that I can find no n;ood reason
for any delicacy towards peisons guilty of such
conduct, and I am sure that freedom and tiuth will
both be gainers when it is laid bare. It seems to me
that the object proposed was important. These
statistics should be brought before the Senate, if
not before the country. They will be needed by
the commissioners, and I am sure they will do
something to illustrate the character of slavery.
But I do not desire that my own views on this
subject should be adopted by the Senate unless
they shall have the sanction of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and I therefore move
that the communication be referred to that com-
mittee, which I am sure will do what is best.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire, rather at the re-
quest of another, to say that it would be advisable
to have this paper delivered at once to the chair-
man of the commission, and I think that would
be a better disposition of the paper than to refer
it to a committee. I do not think it ought to be
published; it would be a violation of the rule and
custom to publish personal information obtained
in census reports. I think, therefore, if it is in
order, it would be better to deliver the paper itself
to Mr. Vinton, as chdi rman of the commission, and
if that is satisfactory to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, 1 will make the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that upon the
whole the question had better be committed to
our Committee on the District of Columbia, who
are familiar with this subject, familiar also with
the character of the District. I should cheerfully
follow any conclusion at which that committee
might an ive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
ThePRESiDENT protempore. The reference
has been ordered, and the subject is not before
the Senate, and cannot be, without a reconsidera-
tion of that vote of reference.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a me-
morial of the Union Merchants' Exchange of St.
Louis, praying for the construction of a ship
canal between Lake Michigan and the Missis-
sippi river; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. NESM ITH presented the petition of Wil-
liam S. Ladd, Alexander Dodge, and J. Gr. Hust-
ter, board of pilot commissioners for the Colum-
bia bar and river, in the State of Oregon, praying
that an act may be passed declai uig that sea-going
ships, though navigated by steam and carrying^
pilots licensed under the act of 1852, shall not by
construction of that act be exempted from the
operation of State laws respecting harbor pilot-
age; which was refeired to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. LATHAM presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a dally mail from the town of Cuison,
Nevado Territory, to Aurora, California, and the
establishment of a post office at Aurora; also an
extension of the presenttii-wcekly mail route be-
tween the city of Sacramento andLancha Plana,
terminatingatSonora; and also the estab'ishment
of post offices at BrushviUe, Salt Spring Valley,
and Coppeiopolis, in the county of Calaveras, and
at Jeffeison ville,in the county ofTuolumne; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Air. COLLAMER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Hyde Park, Lamoille county, Vermont,
praying that the " freedom of speech and the press
shall not be abridged," and that " the New Yoik
Caucasian and all other Democratic papers now
excluded from the mails, in the loyal States, have
the same privileges as those by the Republican
and abolition papers;" which was referred to the
Committee on th e Pust Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING presented a petition from citizens
of New York, praying for the adoption of such
measures " as will insure emancipation to all the
people throughout the whole land,and t'nuscom-
plete the work which the Revolution began;"
which was ordered to he on the tar-le.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Alle-
gany county, New York, pravmg for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Scio to Bolivar, m
that county; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Brook-
lyn and a petition of citizens of the city ot New
York, praying for the passage of a general uni-
form iDaiiki upt law; winch were referred to the
Committee on the Judictary.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of New London, Connecticut, praying for the
adoption of such measures "as will insure eman-
cipation to all the people throughout the whole
land, and thus complete the wor£ which the Rev-
olution began;" which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial of manufac-
turers of tobacco in the city of Covington, Ken-
tucky, praying that the proposed tax on tobacco
may be reduced to five cents per pound; Which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying that the republic of Li-
beria may be recognized and treated with as an
independent nation; which was ordered to lie on
the table."
Mr. WADE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying that the direct tax neces-
sary to carry on the war and to support the Gen-
eral Government may be apportioned among the
several States accoiding to their population, and
suggesting that the tax should hav^ an equal and
uniform bearingon all citizens and classes; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr WILSON, of Missouri, presented a me-
; morial from the Union Merchants* Exchange of
St. Louis, praying for the construction of a ship
canal from St. Louis to Chicago; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
ARMY SIGNAL CORPS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, to whom was referred House bill No.
352, to provide for the organization of a signal
corps to serve during the present war, to report it
back, with a recommendation thatitdo not pass;
and I move the indefinite postponement of the bill.
I wish simply to state, as a reason for this mo-
tion, that the Government now has the power to
detail the proper officers to perform this duty.
This bill provides for the creation of three cap-
tains for each department of the service, one first
lieutenant for each division of the Army, and two
lieutenants for each brigade, which would make
about four hundred captains and first and second
lieutenants. 1 am sure that, in the present condi-
tion of the country, such a bill ought not to pass
Congress, and therefore I move its indefinite post-
ponement.
The motion was agreed to.
MIDSHIPMEN FOR THE DISTRICT.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be di-
rected to inquire into the propriety of providing by law for
tiie appointment of acting midshipmen at the Nava! Aead-
emyfrom the District of Columbia, in the mannernow pro-
vided for each congressional district, and that they report
by bilJ or othei wUe.
HARP Bit'8 FERRY ARMORY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I submit
the following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be, and hereby is,
requested to inquire into the present condition of Harper's
Feriy armory. Jefferson county, Virginia, what damage has
been done thereto duunu the existing lebeihon, by whom
so done, and by what authority, the value of the United
States property'there in piesent condition, the amount
of money necessary to repair said damage, and whether it
if. expedient to repair and restore the said armory to be
employed as heretofore.
I wish simply to say that the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Willey] the other day submitted
a resolution asking the Committee on Military
Affairs to make this investigation. On reflection
the committee came to theconciusion that jt would
take several days to make the proper examina-
tion so as to be of any value; they therefore de-
cided to call on the Secretary of AVar to make the
investigation and repoit it to Congress.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN MAYNADIER.
Mr. NESM1TH submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Raolvctl, Thni tile SPcret.irvofW.tr be dii ected to trans-
mit to the Senate he report of If.'nty i' Mavnndier, captain
of the tenth infantry, ot hi* ojv'r.uion> m contliictiin,' an es-
coit fin emigiant^ to ihe I'atMk' coattintlieyear 1861, from
Omaha City to Foil WaSU-Walla.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to inttoduce a bill (S. No.
