2804
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
•we ask for another conference on the disagreeing
votes of-the two Houses.
■ Mr.-LATH AM. I hope that will not be done
now. I have something to say to the Senate when
it is done, because I expect to make a speech upon
a subject involved in the report, and I wouid prefer
doing it at that time rather than any other. I am in
favor of the motion of the Senator from "Wiscon-
sin, hut I wish to give the Senate my reasons for
being in favor ofit. I wis on the committee of con-
ference and refused to sign the report. I wish to
stateto the Senate why I refused to sign it.
■The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A report from
a committee of conference is a highly privileged
question, and takes precedence of all ordinary
questions before the Senate; and if the Senator
from Wisconsin insists upon the consideration of
that report, according to the practice and the par-
liamentary rule it is before the Senate, and will
be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I un-
derstand the Senator from California. Does he
request that it be postponed ?
Mr. LATHAM. 1 prefer that it be laid over
for the present. I do not wish it to interfere with
the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I will call it up to-
morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent it will lie on the table subject to be called
up at a future time. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passeda joint resolution (No. 83) rela-
tive to a certain grant of land for railroad purposes,
made to the State of Michigan in 1856; in which
the concurrence of tho Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 432) for the relief of Commodore
Hiram Paulding.
, The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a resolution for clos-
ing the presentsession of Congress, by an adjourn-
ment, on the 30th day of June, 1862, at twelve
o'clock, m.; in which the concurrence ofthe Sen-
ate was requested.
PACIFIC EAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. II. No. 364) to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government tho use of the same for postal, mil-
itary, and other purposes; the pending question
being on the amend merit of Mr. Lane, of Kansas,
to the amendment of Mr. Collamer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont and
the amendment to that amendment will be read,
that the Senate may be fully in possession of the
question before it.
The Secretary read the amendmentof Mr. Col-
lamer to insert the following proviso at the end
of the seventeenth section ofthe bill:
.Pro utterf, That ofthe bonds ofthe United States in this act
provided to be dehveied for any and all paits of the load,
to be constructed east of the one hundredth meridian of
west longitude fioni Gieemvich, and fin any part of the
road west ofthe west foot of the Sieira Nevada mount-
ain, there shall be reserved of each pact and installment fitty
per cent., to be and remain in the United States Treas-
ury, undelivered, until said road and all pam thereof pio-
vided for in this act aiu entire!} completed ; and of all the
bonds piovided to be delivered" for the said load between
the two pointsaforcsaid, theie^hall be reserved out of oach
installment twenty-five per cent., to be and remain in the
Treasury until the whole of the load provided for in this
act is fully completed ; and if the said load or any put
thereof shall fail of completion at tho tune limited therefor
in this act, then and m that case the said part of said bonda
so leaervod shall be forfeited to the United States.
The amendment of Mr. Lane, of Kansas, to
the amendment is to strike out "fifty," in tho
sixth line, and insert " twenty;" and in the elev-
enth line to strike out " twenty-five," and insert
" fifteen,"
Mr. LAKE, of Kansas. I propose, with the
consent of the Senate—and i desire the ear of the
Senator from Vermont—to modify the amendment
by inserting:*' -twenty-five" instead of" twenty."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can modify his own proposition.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That will leave the
reservation on the line east and west of the mount-
ains at twenty-five per cent., and on that portion
of the line within the mountains and barren dis-
tricts at fifteen per cent. I desire in this con-
nection to givp notice that if -this amendment be
adopted, I shall move at the proper time andplace
to exclude the rolling stock from the Government
mortgage.
Mr. CLARK. That has been expressly
adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I give that notice.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to strike out" fifty " and insert44 twenty-
five;" and to strike out " twenty-five" and insert
" fifteen."
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in making
my proposition for this reservation, I do not wish
to be understood as being tenacious of the partic-
ular percentage that I have inserted. 1 think there
should be a difference in the different parts of the
road, undoubtedly. In fixing the amount, I was
governed in a great measure by the expressed
opinion of the Senate when they had this subject
before them three years ago. They then reserved
thirty per cent, on the whole line. My reserva-
tion on the whole line does not amount to so much
as that. Still, sir, I can conceive—nay, I dis-
tinctly understand—that this reservation may be
so heavy as to embarrass the operations of the
bill, or it may be so light as to furnish no confi-
dence in the security at all. Those extremes should
be wholly avoided. I have understood from gen-
tlemen that they proposed on their part twenty-
five and fifteen, instead of my proposition. I
should make no objection to make it twenty-five
on the ends of the road; but when we get to fif-
teen, we approximate to a point where all confi-
dence in the securities would be exceedingly weak.
I cannot but think it would be more advisable for
those who really desire to effect the purpose to
put the reservation at twenty-five and twenty per
cent., instead of twenty-five and fifteen. As at
present advised, according to my best judgment,
I shall be obliged to vote against the amendment
to my amendment as it now stands; but I think
I should not interpose any particular objection to
putting it at twenty-five and twenty.
Mr. McDOUGALL. "When the amendment
was first moved by the Senator from Vermont, it
was with great hesitation that I objected to it, and
undertook to advance my own opinions against
his, knowing that he would not have moved the
amendment without having bestowed upon it con-
sideration. I can, myself, see some very consid-
erable value in it; but I think it only obtains as to
the extreme ends of the line, and that the weight
should be thrown there; thatis, that the extreme
ends of the line can afford the withdrawal of the
amount of support to a certain extent, whereas in
the interior, over the mountains and through the
desert country, it cannot, in my judgment, afford
anything. However, yielding to the considera-
tions suggested by the Senator from Vermont, I
am willing to acquiesce in the proposition to with-
draw twenty-five per cent, on this side of the one
hundredth parallel, which embraces all the line on
this side; and beyond that, west of the base of the
Sierra Nevada, 1 thought ten per cent, would be
sufficient; but I am willing to accede to fifteen per
cent., as the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas stands. My best judgment is, that the whole
harden of this matter should be thrown upon the
extreme ends of the line, forcing them to continue
the line for their own protection. I shall vote for
the amendment to the amendment, and sustain the
amendment as amended if it is carried.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before voting on this
proposition, as I am willing that a certain amount
should be reserved and not paid to these compa-
nies until the completion of the entire road, I de-
sire to ask the mover of the amendment if it be
intended to make this reservation apply to the main
trunk road and the branches also, in case there is
a failure upon the part of one of the branches or
ofthe mam trunk road. In the way in which the
amendment is drawn, it would certainly forfeit
this reservation, if even the least one of these
branches should fail to construct the road within
the required time. For instance: the main tiunk
load may be fully completed, and one of the
branches may not be completed; and yet the money
cannot be drawn for the main trunk road until that
branch is completed; and if it is not completed
within a certain time it forfeits the reservation on
the main branch. I suppose the mover did not
intend that the amendment should have that con-
struction.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say to the gentle-
man that that is a question which would arise af-
ter we have passed upon the amendment to the
amendment. The question then would be, whether
we would adopt the amendment. The question
now is on the amendment to the amendment.
When we have settled that point, if my amend-
ment needs any amending before it is adopted, it
will be time enough to talk about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The honorable Senator
will see that my question is an appropriate one;
for if it be intended to forfeit upon all the lines of
the road, or to detain the amount upon any one
of the lines of the road, although complete, pro-
vided another is not complete, and then forfeit in
case one shall fail, I want the reservation to be
small. If it is intended merely that each road shall
forfeit in case of its own failure, I will go for a
larger amount; and I really ask the question in
good faith in order to determine how I shall vote.
Mr. COLLAMER. I may not have perfected
the idea that I entertain so as to have it presented
in this manifestation of the idea, as contained in
the amendment. I intended that all the parts of
this road should have some unity of purpose, and
that each should be interested in the other, atleast
so far as this reservation was concerned; because
I understand by the bill that either of them, if any
one fails, may take their piece and finish it, and of
course take the money. That was my intention.
If there is an impracticability, which I do not un-
derstand, in it, it should receive amendment; but
that is the purpose and design I entertain in the
proposition. I still retain that idea, because it is
provided in the bill that if either of them fails the
others may go on and complete their part, and
when they had completed their part they should
have this reserve money. I intended it should have
the effect of making a unity of ultimate purpose
and interest in the whole. That was my design;
and I think now, for aught I have yet heard, that
that should be carried out. Atany rate, when this
question ofthe amount of the percentage is settled,
the question of amendment, to avoid any practical
difficulty, may be heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to theamendmentoftheSenator from Vermont, to
strike out "fifty" and insert "twenty-five" in one
place, and to strike out "twenty-five" and insert
"fifteen" in another.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore K The question
recurs on the amendment ofthe Senator from Ver-
mont as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I will call the attention of the
Senator from Vermont to the phraseology of the
amendment in the second line. It now reads,
" that of the bonds of the United States in this
act provided to be delivered, for any and all parts
of the road," &c. This bill provides for the in-
corporation of one company to build a road from
the one hundredth meridian of west longitude to
the eastern boundary of California; and then it
recognizes the existence of a corporation in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. COLLAMER. Would the difficulty be
avoided by making it plural?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be " roads/' then,
instead of" road."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made if there be no objection; it is
a mere verbal amendment. The question recurs
on the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
as amended by the Senator from Kansas.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move in the thirteenth
section of the bill to strike out all after the word
" Kansas," in the tenth line of that section, on the
20th page ofthe bill as printed this morning. The
words to be stricken out are as follows:
Within fifty miles of the Missouri river upon the same
terms and conditions, in all respect", as are provided in this
act for the construction of the railroad and telegraph line
first mentioned.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas?. I suppose 
Mr. CLARIC, I had not yielded the floor; but
if the Senator desires to say anything now, I can
occupy it afterwards.
