3*2A
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
37th Cqng....2d Sbss.
Origin of the, Rebellion—Mr, Kellogg.
Ho. of Eeps.
institutions to create a feeling in the Old World in
fav/or of such an intervention in our affairs as shall
}$ad to a termination of the war. The derange-
ments of trade and commerce and the depression
of business are calamities as vast in their propor-
tions as the war which caused them, and affect
those countries as severely as our own. The com-
mercial cities and the great centers of manufac-
turing industry in Europe are suffering severely,
and starving thousands pray for peace and the
plenty and prosperity which follow in her train.
They believe the war to be' the cause of all the
evils under which they are suffering; but instead
of condemning the guilty authors of this unnatural
rebellion, they sympathize with them as the in-
jured p^rty, and denounce this Government be-
cause it will not commit suicide or suffer a band
of rebels and traitors to put an end to its exist-
ence, and parcel out its territory among them-
selves. The press is, to a great extent, the parent
of this feeling, and nearly every paper published
in England or France has done what it could to
foster and increase it. The London Times, the
leading paper in Europe, has distinguished itself
by a hatred of the United States Government that
would satisfy the devil himself, and ail other
powers and principalities who hate democratic
mstitutionsand labor to destroy them. It declares
that the demand of the rebel States for independ-
ence was " too natural to be resisted at thesword's
point by a Government founded on insurrection
only," and this insulting comment on the origin
of our Government is a part of the reasoning by
which they attempt to justify tfie people and Gov-
ernment of England in giving them their sym-
pathy and aid. It affirms that Europe has suffeied
enough already from this war, that the confeder-
ate States can never be conquered, and expresses
a hope that France will interfere and put an end
to this unnatural contest. These articles are pro-
ducing the effect intended, and should hostilities
continue a few months longer with no decided suc-
cess on our part, we shall be compelled to make
peace with the rebel States on their own terms,
or engage in a war with France and England.
Sir, it is idle to deny this, and if we are wise we
shall prepare for the worst, and by a more vigor-
ous prosecution of the war crush out the rebel
armies ere any European Power shall be ready to
assist them. The people are willing to make any
sacrifice to save their country, and never will con-
sent to a peace upon any teims but the uncondi-
tional submission of ail who are in rebellion against
the Government. It is the fixed purpose of almost
the entire population of the loyal States to pre-
serve the union and the Constitution and enforce
obedience to national authority and law at any
cost of blood and treasure. Of this I have no
doubt whatever. The numerous letters which I
receive from my constituents are of the most pa-
triotic character, and breathe but one feeling in
reference to the war. All are anxious for its term-
ination, as all good men should be, but it must be
terminated in no other way than by the suppres-
sion of the rebellion and by depriving its guilty
authors of all power to disturb the peace of the
country again forever. Mercy, though unde-
served, may be shown to all so far as may consist
with public safety, and I doubt not will be, but
we must provide against the possibility of an-
other civil war. However much good men may
differ as to "indemnity for the past,"all unite in
demanding <{ security for the future."
Mr. Chairman, I believe these are not the opin-
ions of Republicans only, but of the people gener-
ally, and 1 am glad to witness a disposition among
loyal men everywhere to act together at the com-
ing elections, and disappoint those enemies of the
Republic at home and abroad who hope, through
the influence and machinery of party, to divide
and destroy us. Actuated by such noble motives
and patriotic feelings the people of Oregon united
in the support of good men at the late election,
and have notified us that they will not be repre-
sented in the next Congress by men of doubtful
loyalty. Let us follow their example everywhere,
and elect no man to any office in the State or na-
tion who has the slightest sympathy with the
rebellion, and is not in favor of a vigorous prose-
cution and speedy termination of the war. This
is the way of safety and success, and there is no
other* A prominent Democrat writes me that he
is advising his political friends to unite in sup-
porting the Administration as the only way by
which we can be saved from national disgrace and
ruin. Said he:
" I do not like all the ptanks in your platform, and I am
afraid some of your legislation will not work as well as you
anticipate ; but we must sustain the President, for in no
other way can we prevent foreign intervention and bring
this terrible war to a successful close. Tins is not a time,
in my opinion, for division and party strife, when foreign
fleets are hovermg on our coast, and two powerful nations
are watching for an opportunity to secure the dissolution of
the Union and the independence of the rebel States."
Sir, I cannot doubt that hundreds of thousands
of Democrats agree with my friend, and, gov-
erned by the same motives, will give a cordial
support to the Administration. Would to God
that all would do so, and that this patrioticfeeling
might pervade society, and save us, as it surely
would, from all the perils that surround us. But
there are men who would rather " rule in hell than
serve in heaven," and some such are seeking to
divide us now by a revival of party feeling and
party strife, careless as to the evils they may in-
flict upon their country, if they can only secure
place and power to themselves. So was it in the
Revolution, when our fathers were struggling
against such fearful odds for national existence
and independence. There were tories and traitors
then who denounced the Continental Congress,
and advocated a compromise with George III, and
who attributed the war, with all its calamities, to
those fanatical abolitionists, Adams, Hancock,
aud Washington, who wished to abolish the
power of Great Britain on this continent, and se-
cure the blessings of a free and independent Gov-
ernment to themselves and to their posterity.
In 1814 a powerful party denounced the war in
which we were engaged as wicked and unneces-
sary, as originating m a hatred of England, and
without any good and sufficient cause. A few of
theirleadersassembled in secretconclave,and after
due deliberation published an address to the people,
in which they denounced the administration of
President Madison, declared its course in the con-
duct of the war unconstitutional, and expressed
their fe&rs for the safety of the Union and the lib-
erties of the people unless the Federal party were
placed in power. The address recently published
in this city, over the signatures of fourteen gen-
tlemen, is of a similar character with the famous,
or rather infamous, address of the Hartford con-
vention. Like that, it aims to destroy the confi-
dence of the people in the Administration,an,d de-
prive it of their support in time of war when the
nation is in danger. It will encourage the rebels
to hope for a change of men and measures that
will be favorable to them, and thus nerve them for
the fight a few months longer, till France and Eng-
land come to their aid and we have the world in
arms against us. They commence with declar-
ing that u the present Administration was chosen
by a party, and in all civil acts and appointments
has recognized, and still does, its fealty and ob-
ligations to that party." .
Mr. Chairman, the President was elected by a
party, and the chief officers under the Govern-
ment are necessarily filled by his friends, who un-
derstand his policy and will aid him to carry it
out. But less attention has been paid to party in the
new appointments than underany administration
since that of John Gtuincy Adams. If numerous
removals were made it was because it was neces-
sary to the safety of the Government. If we ex-
cept the few friends of Judge Douglas, almost the
entire body of office-holders, at the close of the
administration of Jamt-s Buchanan, were tainted
with treason and could not be trusted, yet what
numbers of them still remain in the employ of the
Government. In this city there are hundreds of
Democratic clerks in the different Departments,
some of whom have wives and daughters who de-
nounce the Government daily, and rejoice openly
at every success of the rebel arms. One half of
the office-holders in the United States to-day held
office under James Buchanan; and I believe a ma-
jority ofthem will use theirinfiuenee foi the over-
throw of this Administration; yet jio man 1ms
been removed for many months, unless his loy-
alty was questioned.
1 affirm that President Lincoln has done more,
far more, for his political opponents than was ever
done by'any of his predecessors. If we look at
the military appointments, we find almost two
thirds of them are Democrats, some worthily be-
stowed, some not; but for the misdeeds o£all the
President is held responsible. He has lavished
patronage and power on a party whose leaders
praise and blame him alternately, and who will
requite his generosity by the ruin of his adminis-
tration if they are able to effect it, which I pray
God they never may be. But the Democratic
party is well represented in the Cabinet also, and
in every department of the Government.
Gideon Welles, the |fcle Secretary of the Navy,
was the high priestof the party in New England
for a quarter of a century; his conduct has justi-
fied the choice of the President. In little more
than twelve months he has inaugurated a new sys-
tem of naval warfare, dispelled the dream of Eng-
land's supremacy on the seas, created aNavy that
has filled the rebels with terror wherever it can
float, and to-day its guns protect the army of the
Potomac.
Montgomery Blair, whose administration of the
Post Office Department marks an era in its history,
by making it more prolific of good to the people
than ever before, was a leading Democrat, and
alike with his distinguished father, enjoyed the
confidence of General Jackson and of the entire
party.
Hon. S. P. Chase, the head of the Treasury De-
partment, where he is worth more than a thousand
cannon in the field, and who has inspired national
hope by saving national credit, was for years an
acknowledged leader in the Democratic party, and
" the noblest Roman of them all."
Edwin M. Stanton, the great Secretary of War,
was called into the Cabinet of James feuchanan
in the last days of his Administration, and, faith-
ful to the Constitution, held a legion of traitors at
bay, and saved the Republic fiom shipwreck and
ruin. Ilis conduct at that critical period, and his
great abilities and ardent patriotism, led to his se-
lection by President Lincoln for the important po-
sition he fills so well; and from that moment he
has been denounced in the most unsparing terms
by party leaders, because he will not lend his aid
to their unholy purposes. But the people appre-
ciate his tireless efforts t6 serve them and to serve
his country, and higher honors may be in store
for him, to the confusion of his enemies and the
joy and delight of all good men.
Sir, these distinguished members of the Demo-
cratic party were the leaders of its hosts when
some of those who denounced them were learning
their alphabet, and they have not changed their
principles. As well could a leopard change his
spots. They were Democrats then, and they are
Democrats now; and a miserable fiaction of the
party, who have sold themselves to the support
of slavery, will never be able to deprive them of
the confidence of the American people. If there
ever was an Administration that ignored party and
appointed men without reference to their polit-
ical principles, itthe present one. The address
declares further, that the object of the proposed
party organization is " to maintain the Constitu-
tion as it is, and to restore the Union as it was."
Sir, I am glad these gentlemen have seen the error
of their ways and propose to aid us in maintain-
ing the Constitution as it is; for it is not long since
they were exceedinely anxious to make radical
changes in this charter of our lights and liberties,
and fountain of our piosperity and power. The
Crittenden resolutions, so called, the adoption of
which they advocated and urged, were nothing
less than amendments to the Constitutionxchichwould
have changed its whole character forever—amend-
ments which, had they been proposed in tjie con-
vention that framed the Constitution, would not,
in my opinion, have received a single vote; and
which, had we adopted them, would have cuised
our country more than Egypt was ciused by the
judgments of Jehovah when they refused to let
Israel go.
But these gentlemen, if I understood them, were
not only in favor of these amendments hut of any
others necessary to satisfy the slaveholdmg inter-
est, no matter what they were; for their motto
seemed to be, any thing rather than a loss of power.
Sir, I am glad that they have given up this idea
of amending the greatest political paper that ever
emanated from the human mind; and I hope they
will agree with us hereafter in maintaining the
