822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
brigadier generals two aids, and we have gone on
in about the same proportion, giving officersofthe
Army this thing and that thing. I think the time
has come when we should stop. I thought, when
the Senator introduced this bill, that it was really
a bill that was to promote reform in the Army.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Is it not ?
Mr. GRIMES. Not if we continue to amend
il as the Senator proposes. If we go back and
raise up the number of rations for horses from
four to six, and if we are to go on and raise it
from what it now is, at the rate of thirty-three per
cent., as this amendment proposes, it will cer-
tainly be no reform.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the Senator from Iowa that thetrouble on this
subject is owing to the custom that has grown up
in the Army to have the forage commuted; and I
am sorry "to say that in some of the forces in the
field, a3 has been proved, officers have not only
commuted, bntdrawn forage besides. That,how-
ever, is so gross a violation of the law that I think
the officers wouid be punished, in case it were
brought before a court-martial.
Now, sir, by the present regulation, a major
general is entitled to draw forage for seven horses,
and a brigadier'for five. I "made the reduction in
the substitute from seven to four for a major gen-
eral, and from five to three for a brigadier. I have
been written to and spoken to by several general
officers in the field on the subject. One of them
told me the other day he had used up three horses
himself personally, to say nothing about horses
for his servants.
The Senator refers to our Army as compared
with others. We all know that our Army is bet-
ter fed, better clot lied, better paid, and better housed
than any other army in the world. There is no
comparison between it and any other; but the
Senator will find that in the English army general
officers are not confined to that number of horses.
Wellington had at one time in the Peninsula, for
his personal use and his servants, forty horses.
The Senator says he thought this was a bill to
reduce expenditures, it is a bill to reduce ex-
penditures; and, in my judgment, will make a re-
duction of from fifteen to twenty millions of dollars;
and nearly every section of it is in that direction.
1 thought, however, that in this particular we had
gone a little too far, and I was willing to change
it, so as to make a reduction of one to a major
general, and one to a brigadier general. If the
Senate think otherwise, they can reject the amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I want the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, the chairman of the committee, who un-
derstands this matter—and I do not—to toll vis
whether it is not a practice for some of these of-
ficers to draw forage for horses when they do not
actually keep them?
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly,
it is.
Mr. HALTS. Do they not have to certify, 011
honor, that they do keep them?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly,
they do. I will say, in reply to the Senator, that
a colonel is entitled to four horses in time of war.
Very few of them, I take it, have more than one.
I venture to say that the majority of the colonels
of the Army have but one horse. Still, by a cus-
tom which has grown up in the Army, they com-
mute the compensation for forage, which is eight
dollars for a horse a month, and generally keep
one horse, and draw thirty-two dollars for com-
mutation. I am sorry to say there are cases in
the Army which have come to light; and I am
informed by the Paymaster General that he has
the evidence of it where officers in the service
have not only commuted, but drawn forage of the
Government also. They draw their forage and
commute besides.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator inform the
Senate whether the Paymaster General has taken
any steps to have those officers court-martialed ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that. I understand that, in some cases,
they have been forced to pay back the money paid
to them, or had it deducted at the next settlement.
I am told by paymasters that they have found
several such cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They ought to bo court-
martialed.
Mr. HALE. I suppose it might be said of
those cases, as the Senator from Massachusetts
says in an amendment to the resolution of the
Committee on Naval Affairs in regard to purchases
by Government agents, that such things ought
not to be allowed except in cases of extraordinary
emergency. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
make a slight amendment in the fifth line of the
fourteenth section of the substitute, to strike out
the word " sixty-two," and insert " sixty-five;"
so that it will read:
Tliat whenever tlie name of any officer now in the ser-
vice, or who may hereafter be in the service of the United
States, shall have been home 011 the Army Register forty-
five years, or shall be of the age of sixty-five years, lie shall
be retiied from active scivice.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have adopted the age
of sixty-two years for the Navy, and if you do
not adopt the same age for the Army you will
create trouble. I think the Senator had better
allow that section to remain as it is. He has got
it as well as I10 can get it. 4
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am told
by gentlemen who understand this subject very
well, that there is not so much need of an early
retirerftent m the Army as in the Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can convince an Army
officer of that, but you cannot convince a Navy
officer, and you will have a quarrel about it.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to say a word upon
this amendment. If, since I have had the honor
of a seat in this body I have given a vote which
I would now recall it is the vote upon the bill for
retiring naval officers. I am opposed upon prin-
ciple to this doctrine of pronouncing a man, be-
cause he happens to be sixty-two years of age,
or because his name has been borne upon the
Register for forty-five years, as therefore imbecile.
I do not believe in the doctrine. We have had
some experience in it in my own State. We have
had a constitutional provision which pronounced
a man imbecile, and unfit to sit upon the bench
when he was sixty years old. Chancellor Kent
was driven from the bench; and after that he im-
mortalized himself, and honored the country, by
writing his Commentaries,upon American law.
Sir, a man is not to be disqualified and rendered
unfit for public service because lie happens to be
sixty-two years old. I am opposed to the prin-
ciple. I do not propose to argue it, for I do not
suppose my view will prevail here.
1 am in favor of retiring officers, whether they
are naval officers, military officers, or civil officers,
when tliey are unfit for public service. I will go
as far as any gentleman in providing by law that
a man who is disqualified shall be retired; but I
would have him pronounced so by some compe-
tent tribunal. I would not fix, bylaw, a limit to
the capacity of a man to serve his country. I do
not mean to make a speech on this subject; 1 have
no occasion to do so; but I am utterly opposed to
the principle; and I would most gladly recall the
vote I gave in favor of this same lule in reference
to the Navy. Let us have a provision by which
any man who is found to be disqualified for the
public service shall be retired from it; but do not
let us have an arbitrary rule upon the statute-book
by which a man, when he arrives at a certain age,
shall be pronounced incompetent and imbecile. It
ought not to be so.
Again, let it not be said that a provision is made
in this bill that the President, if he finds the man
who is legally pronounced to be imbecile, not so,
may yetcall him into the service. Why, sir, by
this law, as I understand it, his place is to be filled;
another officer is to be appointed in his place; and
yet, although a supernumerary, he may be em-
ployed in the public service. That is not just; it
is not just towards the individual; is not just !
towards the country.
Mr. HALE. I do not know exactly how to
vote on this amendment; but the history of all at-
tempts at retiring officers has been most peculiarly
unfortunate. I was opposed to the bill which the 1
honorable Senator from Massachusetts endeav-
ored to hurry through at the called session last
summer. I thought that some features of that bill
wereexceedingly unwise;and our legislation upon
this subject, to say the least, has been hasty and
inconsiderate. The first move that was made was
made by a sort of mutual admiration sosiety there
was in the Navy. They got up a secret tribunal
to crowd everybody off the Navy list that stood
in their way; and under it they disgraced Com-
modore Stewart, one of the most brilliant officers
we have ever had in this or any other Navy; and
the result of their operations was—I know there
are some Senators who do not agree with me; but
I do not speak the opinions of other persons on
this subject; I speak my own—that we had to re-
vise their proceedings by some reviewing and re-
tiring act of Congress. I have no doubt the bill
we passed at the last session was rather too sweep-
ing and general in its provisions. As to the case
the honorable Senator from New York refers to
in the StateofNew York—I will not say anything
disparaging of that State for fear I might excite
my friend on my right, [Mr. King]—but I think
that was a blow aimed especially at Chancellor
Kent, because he happened to be a Federalist,
and the majority who were pretty rabidly Dem-
ocratic, knew of no way to crowd him off the bench
except by altering the State constitution; and they
did it and got rid of him, and I believe have been
ashamed of it ever since.
But, sir, I know that both our Army and Navy
have suffered, and suffered exceedingly, from
keeping old officers that are unfit for duty on the
active list. A great deal of this difficulty has
arisen from an error which we cannot correct. I
do not know how we can correct the evil as long
as the President has the pardoning power. Offi-
cers have been convicted by court-martial over
and over and over again; but they have friends
with position and influence, and they get restored,
and discipline in the service is lax and inefficient.
I have no doubt we shall have to retrace some of
these steps, but at present I think we had better
adopt this provision, and some time or other, and
I hope at no very distant day, when we have more
time, this whole subject can be reviewed. As
it is, however, I think we had better adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
how many officers there are in the service who
were, by the act alluded to, legislated out of ser-
vice? I understand there are a large number of
naval officers who by that act were virtually
retired that are now among the most competent
and accomplished officers of the Navy, and whose
services could not possibly be dispensed with.
They are now in the service doing duty, and
those who by law were promoted cannot receive
their promotion. I am satisfied that that act has
produced confusion throughout; and although I
agreed to the present amendment in committee, I
am fearful that it will create the same confusion
in the Army. There is a law organizing a retir-
ing board, and if the President does his duty, and
we all take it for granted he will, every officer
unfit for service will be ordered promptly before
that board, and he can be dismissed or retired at
the age of sixty-two. We have several cases I
think before us now where officers have been sent
in for confirmation over that age. We have con-
firmed officers within the last week over sixty-
two years of age, and I think we confirmed one
this week over sixty-two.
Mr. HALE. General Hitchcock?
Mr. RICE. I think he was over sixty-two,
probably bordering on sixty-five or sixty-six. I
know him very well. You give him a commis-
sion to-day, and to-morrow legislate him out. It
seems to me that there is an incongruity arising
from it which wiil hardly do justice to Army
officers.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not particular as to
whether this proposition ofthe Senator from Mas-
sachusetts be adopted or not; but I want to reply
to the interrogatory put by the Senator from Min-
nesota. I think there are about four officers who
were legislated out by the naval retiring board
who are now performing sea duty, each of whom
has command of a squadron—Captain Goldsbor-
ough, Captain Dupont, Captain MeKean, and
Captain Farragut, who has gone to take command
of a portion of the Mediterranean squadron—all
very competent officers; but according to the old
system as we had it before, there were some forty-
one other officers who were entitled to the com-
mand of squadrons, and who were considered
wholly incompetent to take command of them.
These men were singled out, although over that
age, and brought back under another provision of
