IBM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
287) supplementary to " An act for the examina-
tion of drugs, medicines, approved the 26th
of June, A. D. 3848; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr, Hay, his Secretary, announced that
the President had approved and signed, on the 25th
instant, the following acts and joint resolution :
An act (S. No. 106) to authorize the district
court of the United States for the northern dis-
* trict of California, to hear and determine upon its
merits the claim of Pedro Chaboya to a certain
tract of land in California called La Posa San Juan
Bautista.
An act (S. No. 248) for the relief of the own-
ers, officers, and crew of the Danish bark Jorgen
Lorentzen.
< A resolution (S. No. 26) explanatory of, and
in addition to, the act of June 3,1856, " granting
public lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of railroads in said State."
REBEL PRISONERS AT CAMP CHASE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up, with a view to move their reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs, the resolutions
of the Legislature of Ohio, which were presented
on Friday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of certain-resolutions
presented by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] from the Legislature of Olno at the last sit-
ting of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
refer the resolutions to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a brief
statement for the information of the committee
before the motion to refer is decided. The treat-
ment of the negroes who were taken at FortDon-
elson and New Madrid and the treatment of the
officers who are prisoners in Columbus has cre-
ated a great deal of excitement in Ohio, probably
an undue excitement. I wish, therefore, to place
the committee in possession of'all the information
I have on the sub jeer before they act on it. I have
a letter from a Democratic member of the Legis-
lature to a colleague of mine in the other House,
in which he says:
"The consideration shown the robo] prisoners here is a
souice of moi'tiheauon and tdiauie to tlte loyal men. Our
hotels are full ot msIh'I oflieeis in full ^utlunrd in
groups crack mg their joke-:, apparently as happv as the hap-
piest. t think it is quite a contiast to the condition of our
pusuaeru in tlu'ir liainU."
I ask the Secretary to read a short editorial
statement, published in the Columbus Journal of
last Wednesday, which is the leading Republican
paper at the capital.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"Columbus Turned Over to Secfsii.—Wo do riot
know how it happens, nor hy whose outer it comes to pa s,
hut it is nevertheless a fact* that our city is turned over to
4secosh' to such a degree as to make our suects and ho-
tels more resemble Richmond than a loyal city of the North-
west. A stranger happening in at our hotels, in view of the
swaims of rulitji uniiunu> and the fierce utterance ol rrbel
oath-, and thteats, mcjht fancy him^elfsetdown at the cap-
ital of Jefi'Davi^-. dominions, instead of at the capital of
Ohio, Why such a number ol men, who have just come,
red-handed, from the buteboiy of our friends and kindred,
and wiio arc still (bieathmg foith tlnedteniugs and slaugh-
ter'against us and oui Government, should he indulged
with the privilege of -swaggering lu'd gasconading through
our streets and m our public resorts, we cannot compre-
hend. We know that our whole community feel the con-
stant insults to which, as lojal people, they are subjected
by these Haunting popinjays in rebel unit'oim-*, with burn-
ing indignation against, the authorities, whoever they are,
that give them license to preach treason in our midst under
the protection of a parole. The matter has become a pos-
itive nuisance, and if not abated by the proper authorities
the people will ete Ions take the bu-ine^sut its abatement
into their own hands. When that time comes, let' sece^h5
or 'any other man' "stand fiom under."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will also ask to have read
a short extract from an editoiial in the Daily Com-
mercial of Cincinnati, which is known to be a
paper extensively circulated in Ohio, and of great
influence.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"The rebel pii=oners who have their quarters at Camp
Chase have been guilty of the gravest crimes recognized
by iavv and known to society, or it is a great wrong to de-
prive them in any degree of tJaair personal libei ty. In the
judgment of the loyai people of the nation, they are crim-
inals. They have been taken with arms in their hands,
fighting to overthrow our republican form of government.
The pieuious bloud of the young men who have fallen in
this war, fighting under the star spangled banner, has been
shed by them, and others like them. All over the land aie
homes made desolate by them. They should be treated with
humanity—as we treat convicts in the penitentiary and
vagiants in the watch-houses. But the fact is,they appear
to be received at Columbus with distinguished considera-
tion, They are permitted to visit the town, and swell about
the hotels, where they wiite themselves down as of the
confederate State? of America. They prowl about the bar-
rooms, drink the mean whisky for which Columbus is fa-
mous, and condescend to make acquaintance among the
poor white trash of the North, who fawn upon them. They
order new confederate uniforms, and talk treason publicly,
as rampantly as if in Richmond,"
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course the
people of Ohio are humane people. They do not
desire these prisoners to be badly treated; on the
contrary, they wish them to be well taken care of;
but it is manifest that the very liberal conduct of
the officers of the Government to the prisoners
there is exciting a warm, bitter hostility against
them, and it is better—better for the prisoners and
certainly better for the people there that they
should be confined under some proper restraints.
The idea of our prisoners running at large in this
way in Richmond, Charleston, and NewOrleans
would never be tolerated for a moment.
I desire now in legaid to the negroes at Camp
Chase to have an extract from the Cincinnati
Gazette, another leading organ from our State,
read—read to show that some arrangements have
already been made to dispose of them.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"The Negroes at Camp Chase.—Governor Tod has
been given lull authority ns to disposal of negroes (foimer
slaves; confined in Camp Chase. His plau i a& been com-
mitted to the wise discretion of Colonel Moody, who is
giaduallv providing for the unconditional release of such
negroes in small squads, instead of letting them all loose at
one time. Some have already been dismissed.
"The Camp Chase prisoneis aie in commotion to-day;
those out on parole tenipoiaiily hero, getting clothes, have
extended their parole to appear at the eais at eight o'clock,
a. m., to-morrow, torepairto Johnston's Island, Sandusky.
Lieutenant Colonel MeGioaity commands the e&cort of
over two hundred of these rebel prisoners to-morrow. It
include* the field officers captured leeently at Island No.
10, and some of those taken at Forts DoncKon and Henry,
and a few captains. E\-Congressinan Avery, of Memphis,
is one ot the number.
" On Satuiday two hundred aud fifty more will be sent
up to Johnston's Island, being remainder of the captains and
lieutenant*, with a few exceptions. A few are continued
m Columbia under tcinponuy paiole.
"Governor Tod has well nigh been overwhelmed with
wntten and personal solicitation* to giant patoles to the
rebel ofiieers at Camp Chase. Loyal Union men of the
South have been appealed to most urgently, sometimes by
real rattlesnake ^ecer>siom?-t pusoneis, to aid their applica-
tion^ to Governor Tod tor liheial treatment by paiole, &c.
"Governoi Tod to-day allowed a loyal Union man of Ken-
tucky, Mi. Smith, to tike back to Lexington his adopted
son, a gtand^on of Henry Clay, and son of Colonel Ilenry
('lay who was killed m the Mexican war. Tins young
Ilcuiy Clay is seiiou^y sick, and if he remained as rebel
prisoner would «.oon die."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing further to
add, Mr. President. I am willing that this mat-
ter should be referred. I think the executive
authorities who have charge of it ought certainly
to put an end to the complaint that has been made
about the negroes in Ohio, and also about the
prisoners. These negroes are as free as you or I;
they are made free by the act of last session.
They were found in Fort Donelson in the service
of the enemy, and as a matter of course are made
free by law, if the law is operative, and they ought
to be discharged, in fact they ought never to have
been removed. In regard to the prisoners, if they
are nowplaced under the charge of the Governor of
Ohio, as it would seem from the lastextract read,
I have no doubt they will be removed to Johnston's
Island, a healthy place, where they can be kept
in safety until exchanged or released.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
SECURITY TO KEEP THE PEACE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to talte up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 266, a bill for the more
convenient enforcement of the laws of the United
States concerning security to keep the peace, and
for good behavior.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. Its
fust section provides that the commissioners who
now are, or may hereafter be, appointed by any
circuit court of the United States with authority
to arrest, imprison, or hold to bail for ciimes or
offenses against the laws of the United States,
shall have and exercise the same powers as judges
of the respective district courts of the united
States to hold to security of the peace and for
good behavior in cases arising under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States.
The second section provides that all bail bonds
in criminal cases, and bonds to keep the peace and
for good behavior, shall, from their date until they
aie discharged, be a lien upon all the real estate
of the respective principals in the bonds, situate
within the State where the bonds respectively are
taken.
The Committee 011 the Judiciary proposed to
amend the bill by striking out the second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senateasamended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and it was read the third time.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I am inquired of all around
me what this bill is. It is a bill of about half a
dozen lines, of a single section, authorizing the
commissioners appointed by the United States
courts, who are now vested with authority to hold
persons charged with criminal offenses to bail,
also to require security for good behavior and to
keep the peace, the same as judges of the United
States courts have powertodo. The bill is asked
for by our officers in the States of Missouri and
Kentucky chiefly. They think it important that
the commissioners appointed by the circuit court
should have the authority to hold to security to
keep the peace and for good behavior the same as
the judges have. The commissioners now have
that authority so far as criminal offenses are con-
cerned. That is all there is of it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should liketo hear that
bill read, if it be in order to call for the reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
just been read, but the Chair will take it to be the
sense of the Senate that it be again read. No
objection being made the bill will be again read at
length.
The Secretary read the bill. _ .
Mr. HALE. I am glad that attention has been
called to this bill, although it is a very harmless
one on the face of it. I am opposed to it and to
all laws that are connected with it, as being ill
gross violation of the Constitution of the United
States. The first section of the third article of the
Constitution reads as follows:
"Tile judicial power of the United States &hall be vested
in one Supreme Coint, and in such inferior courts as tile
Congress may trom tune to time ordain and establish."
These commissioners are no court; they are not
provided by the Constitution; they are not ap-
pointed by the President. If this is not "judicial
power" that they exercise in judgingwhetheran
alleged criminal ought to give security to keep the
peace and ought to give security for good beha-
vior, I do not know what a judicial question can
be. It is a question peculiarly, eminently, and
exclusively judicial. It calls for the weighing of
evidence, for determining whether the respondent
is of such a character, and whether the facts proved
are of such a nature that he ought to be required
to give security for his good behavior; and it they
adjudge that he shall give security for his good
behavior, they have power of imprisoning and of
fining, the same power that a judge of the United
States court has.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not of fining.
Mr. HALE. Yes, they may fine. They " shall
have and exercise the same powers as judges ot
the respective district courts of the United States
to hold to security of the peace and for good be-
havior," and if parties do not give that security,
they may imprison them, and imprison them at
pleasure, if any gentleman here can state a ju-
dicial question if that is not one, I will give up;
for 1 do not know what pertains to ,a judicial ques-
tion if that is not one. I will go further; I will
take no advantage; I think the whole business of
these commissioners is in direct violation of the
Constitution. They have exercised in the State
of Massachusetts and in various States the most
important judicial functions that could possibly be
exercised. They have torn the citizen from the
protection of the laws of one State and consigned
him to a horrible slavery in another State by vir-
tue of this assumed and unconstitutional power.
It is a power that I have always resisted m my
humble sphere of action and always will resist as
