1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
823
the act creating the retiring board, and I appre-
hend every one of them will be put permanently
on the active list of the Navy, and will remain
there during the rest of their lives.
There is another thing I want to say to the Sen-
ator from New York. A man, after he reaches a
certain age, may be perfectly competent to per-
form duty in his closet; he may be able to sit
down and write a commentary upon the Consti-
tution; he may be able to argue a question ably
and learnedly in the Supreme Court, or to enter
into the forum and exhibit as much ability as he
did ten or fifteen years before; but he is not com-
petent to go on the deck of a ship to breast the
storms and tempests and to exercise that caution,
and at the same time that vigor and that energy
and that persistency of purpose, that we expect
naval officers to exercise and exhibit, and which
they do exhibit before they reach that advanced
period of life. Therefore, I say, there is no anal-
ogy, in my mind, between the case put by the
Senator from New York of the distinguished
chancellor of that State, and the case orthose
naval officers upon whom Congress has already
acted.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask that the amendment 4
be again reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike out,
in the fourteenth section, the word " two," and
to insert "five." It now reads that an officer shall
be retired at sixty-two years of age. It will read
" sixty-five," if amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The pres-
sure about me is to withdraw the amendment, and
let it be in the Army the same as it is in the Navy,
and I will do so. [" Oh, no."J Very well; let us
take a vote 011 it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section:
Jlni be it further enacted, That the act approved August
5. 1851, entitled " An act supplementary to an act entitled
' An act to increase the military establishment of the Uni-
ted States,'" approved July 29,1861, is hereby repealed;
and all existlngappointments under said actshall cease and
terminate within thirty days after the passage of this act.
This amendment simply repeals the act author-
izing certain major generals to appoint aids. It
has been very much abused, and I think it ought
to be repealed.
Mr. HALE. So do I.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts Does it affect
those already appointed?
Mr. SHERMAN. It retires them after thirty
days. The law allows a certain number of aids,
and the President can at any time detach officers
from the lineand put them oil any duty he chooses.
The advantage of the law which I propose to re-
peal is that gentlemen from private life may be
appointed as aids at a high salary and also officers
of the line, whose pay is increased by such ap-
pointment. I think it ought to be repealed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I believe
the law has been abused; that is, more persons
have been appointed under it than should have
been. I am willing that the power shall cease for
thefuture; but there have been several gentlemen
appointed under that law who are engaged in the
public service, and I believe to the advantage of
the public seivice where they are situated. I
should like to have the amendment make an ex-
ception in favor of those already appointed; and
in order to enable me to move such an amendment,
I ask that the amendment be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Sherman's amendment,
which is to insert as an additional section:
.4)1.7 be it farther enacted, That the act approved August
S, 1861, entitled " An aet supplementary to an act eimtled
i An act to increase the military establishment of the Unt-
tod States,'" approved July29,1861, is hereby repealed;
and all existing appointments under said actshall cease and
terminate within thirty days after the passage of this act.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out the last clause of this amendment com-
mencing with the word " and." I do not wish
this provision to apply to appointments already
made. I think we had better keep them, and we
may brevet new appointments in the future.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that the safe place
is between the two. I think there is a great deal
in the suggestion which was made when we passed
that act, that there ought to be more power than
there had been before to appoint a staff for some
of the major generals. Probably the staff as it
formerly was is not large enough for the duties
to be performed; but still the number ought to be
limited. We ought to have some limitaiion on
the number of staff officers. The Committee on
Military Affairs ought to examine that matter,
and see how many are necessary.
Mr.WILSON,ofMassachusetts. Ifthisamend-
ment be withdrawn entirely we shall do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The better way is to put
in the provision here and be done with it. I do
not want to recommit the bill for that purpose;
but I want the Committee on Military Affairs to
make an examination and ascertain how many,
and of what grades, the staff ought to consist.
As it is, in the way the act stands, we have not
only given an unlimited power to appoint any
number, but we have not fixed the grade in any
way, and consequently they have gone to briga-
dier generals, which certainly is not necessary
011 a staff.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. They had
no right to do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know they had no right
to do it, but it has been done. Besides, we have
put it out of the power of the Senate to pass upon
them, and the President appoints them without
sending the appointments to the Senate, as he
ought to do. I hope the committee will take that
matter into consideration. I do not a°;roe with
the Senator from Ohio that all ought to be struck
out; I have no doubt thut the staff ought to be
larger; but if the committee will take the amend-
ment that is proposed to this bill into considera-
tion—this is the place to put it in—and if they will
take it and examine it, I shall then be more com-
petent to act upon it than I am now. I think it
is not best to go the full length proposed.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Some days
ago we had a bill before us for the organization of
division staffs. At that time, the Senator from
Iowa either moved to amend that bill, by repeal-
ing the act of last August, or gave notice that he
would do so.
Mr. GRIMES. I did move it, and the Senate
put it 011 that bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator says we put it on that bill. That bill has
not yet been disposed of, and I will say to the
Senator from Maine that I propose to bring up
that bill atsomefuture time, and I think in a very
few days, and upon it we can regulate this matter
of the staff. I have received to-day a letter written
by General Burnside 011 the field of battle, and
immediately after his victory, begging us to pass
that bill, and saying that he had felt the effects of
not having it. [" What is it?"] It is a very im-
portant bill organizing division staffs, which the
Senatorfrom Maine opposed when it was up, and
which was amended by putting upon it the iden-
tical amendment now proposed.
I propose in a very few days to bring up that
bill, and to bring it up in a modified form; and
upon that bill we can fix this matter in regard to
the staff, asceitain how large a staff is necessary,
and make the proper provision. But I want to
get this bill through as soon as possible, and,
therefore, I think this amendment had better be
abandoned on this bill, and put on the bill to which
I allude. I have received letters from several very
eminent officers of the service urging the passage
of that division staff bill. Some of them say that
as far as commissaries and quartermasters are
concerned,it is not necessary, but tbata division
adjutant general, and a division inspector are ab-
solutely necessary to the Government, and the
service is suffering from not having these officers.
I do not doubt it. Therefore I propose to bring
up that bill in tt few days in a modified form. I
do not. wish to increase ranks or anything ot that
kind, but to increase the efficiency of the service.
Let this amendment, which was put upon that
bill by the Senator from Iowa, go on that, and
not put it on this. This is a very important bill
of about twenty sections, and I think every section
reduces expenses.
Mr. FESSENDEN WhattheSenatorhassaid
convinces me still niore of the necessity of having
this bill considered further. We are experiencing
every day the difficulty of having before us from
the Committee on Military Affairsabushel-basket
full of bills all upon the same general subject, but
going to different points of it. We do not know
where we are in regard to these matters. We have
: a piece to-dav and a piece to-morrow, and it cre-
ates confusion. 1 would say to my friend thathe
had better take this bill, which according to, his
own account is not a bit more pressing than Jthe
bill in reference to the staff of which he speaks,-
and about which he is receiving letters every day ,•
and put in it all the matters in relation to the Army
which he wishes to correct. I feel under, great
'obligations to the Committee- on Military Affairs
for their efforts to correct these abuses. Let him
put the reforms all together, and let us have a
complete system. That is the better way; ar)S it
is the better way to succeed, because if you send
so many bills upon the same subject to.the Hopse
of Representatives, some of them must inevitably
fail. You had better put them together and make
a system of them, and not have it in pieces, dif-
ferent pieces relating to different subjects about
the Army. That is my judgment.
The PRESIDING Of'FlCER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from New Hampshire
moves to amend the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio 
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to avoid the objec-
tion, if the Senator from Massachusetts will just
stand by his bill as it is, I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and hope it will be put on some other bill
hereafter. This bill is important, and ought to be
passed.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I renew the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, and I do not intend to
withdraw it.
Mr. RICE. I am aware that many bills hare
been reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs which are not as perfect, perhaps, as they
should be; but the Senate must take into consid-
eration that that committee has had twelve or fif-
teen hundred nominations before it, and that its
membersliave been worked day and night; I know
the chairman lias been; and it has not had the time
to perfect the bills as it desired. I hope the Sen-
ate will pardon me for making another remark.
Whenever a bill reported from that committee
comes up fur consideration, it is so unfortunate
as to find gentlemen upon this floor whb know
more about military affairs and the business of
the committee than the committee itself. I may
well say that, touching military affairs, we should
be extremely prudent, for if I am not mistaken
there is not a military man upon this floor. Last
July, when the President asked for fourhundied
thousand men, we gave him five hundred thou-
sand. When he asked for $400,000,000, we gave
him$500,000,000. You were thengivinghim more
than he asked; but now you wish to intervene to
prevent the appointment of the proper number of
officers to enable those in command to perform the
duties assigned them. I shall expect next that
there will be an amendment offered to some bill
that wc'rcpoit declaring tht^t the quartermaster's
department shall have so many wagons or so many
mule teams. I think we should leave the details
of the Aimy entirely to the management of those
in command, and if they are not competent to "dis-
charge their duties, let us get directly at the evil
by seeing that they are displaced and others put
in command. I hope the amendment will not pre-
vail.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, the question is too important to be voted
upon without precise knowledge with reference to
it. I am aware that it has been presented several
times in connection with previous bills; butthere
has been no report of the Military Committee on
the subject; I am not aware that the committee,
indeed, have entertained it. If I were called to
vote now upon it, I should vote in favor of the
largest staff'—I might almost say—possible, for 1
believe, as a general rule, that the staffs of our
generals are not large enough. They have not
enough of that assistance. But 1 am perfectly will-
ing to be guided 011 the j< ct by the committee;
and therefore it is that 1 think the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine practical. It is directly
to the point ot this moment, and I hope the chair-
man of the Military Committee will follow his sug-
gestion, that he will lay the subject before his
committee, and give us the result of its delibera-
tions; and, meanwhile, I hope that the Senator
from Ohio, as he has already proposed indeed,
will withdraw his proposition, so that -
Mr. HALE. He has withdrawn it, and it has
been renewed by the Senatorfrom Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope, then, that the Sen-
ator from Iowa will withdraw it, so that wo shall
