1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
a gross violation of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does the Senator from
New Hampshire undertake to say that a grand
jury exercises "judicial power "in the sense of the
Constitution—that an inquest which does not go
into judgment is the exercise of judicial power?
The grand juries in all the States inquire into facts
preliminary to judgment, and upon their informa-
tion in regard to prima facie cause an arrest is made
and the party is held to bail. They have none of
the characteristics of ajudicial tribunal in the sense
of the Constitution, for nothing'they do enters into
judgment; it is mere preliminary action. No grand
jury is a court. The United States courts have
grand juries; they inquire; on their inquest a war-
rant runs. Now the gentleman for the same rea-
son might dispose of all the grand juries in the
United States. I understand that judicial power
is that which when exercised enters into judgment
and determines the rights of the party. This does
not do so. So far as 1 am concerned, I approve
the measure; it will give us legitimate, open, legal
proceedings, in place of the exercise of unconsti-
tutional power.
Mr. HALE. With all respect to the Senator,
the case which he puts is not analogous. The
grand jury is a part of the court. The proceeding
is in court. The grand jury are organized and
take their oaths in court. They are instructed,
charged by the court. The grand jury is a part
of the machinery of the aourt, just as much as the
judge or the petit jury. But here is a tribunal out-
side of the court, a commissioner appointed, and
he adjudges a man to prison; he adjudges him to
give security of the pcacc or to go to jail. How
long may he keep him in jail ? And when a man
is committed by one of these commissioners, to
whom shall he apply for relief? The thing is of
dangerous precedent, and 1 hope the Senate will
nut pass the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Now Hampshire whether the judge presiding
where the grand jury is oiganized has any control
over their rinding a bill or ignoring a Lull ?
Mr. IIALE. Of course not. Neither does he
over the petit jury. He has no control over them.
The courts have cognizance of the grand juiy;
they order their time of sitting and rising gener-
ally; and If1 a witness is guilty of contempt in re-
fusing to answer before the grand jury, thegrand
jury, report the case to the court, and the court
take summary measures upon it. The grand jury
is partof the court, just as much as the petit jury
or the judge. •
Mr.'TRUMBULL. There is an unnecessary
sensitiveness about this bill. Certainly my friend
from New Hampshire has discovered something
that I do not think exists in the bill. I do not
care whether the bill passes in this form or passes
at all, except as it may be thought to be useful in
this emergency in the countiy to have theauthor-
ity somewhere, a little more extensive than it now
exists, to hold patties to security to keep the
peace. Thecommissionersalreadyappointed have
authority to take bail in criminal cases, and the
judges of the United States courts have authoi ity
everywhere to fake security to keep the peace.
There is but one judge of the United States in
Kentucky. He, I think, resides at Louisville.
The people of Kentucky, quite a number of them,
have written to me. I have had letters from the
judge on the subject; I have also had letters from
the judges in Missouri on the subject; and tiie at-
tention of the committee was called to the matter
by the Attorney General, who thought it might be
desirable to have the authority of the commission-
er to hold to bail extended so as to embrace the
eases designated by this bill. Now, if the Senator
from New Hampshire would rather confer the
power upon any other officers than the commis-
sioners, I have no objection to designating any
other officers. It was supposed by parties in the
States to which i have alluded that it was desira-
ble to have persons in different poitions of the
State so located that they could hold di&loyal^per-
sons to baii. Such poisons are now sometimes
ariested and dischaiged again, and it was thought
desirable to have authority to require seeunty
from them to keep the peace and to he of good
behu\ ior.
I think there can be no harm in such a bill, and
J ran see if! it no violation of the Constitution.
This is a power that is exercised by inferior offi-
cers. I suppose we may confer it upon the clerks.
Indeed I am informed by the Senator before me,
[Mr. Foster,] that the clerks of the courts now
exercise the power to hold parties to security of
the peace; and the idea of scaring up a constitu-
tional principle that is to be violated by this bill
had never once occurred to me. It is not at all
like the provision of the fugitive slave law, allow-
ing commissioners to decide whether a person is
a fugitive or not. There is a remedy. They can-
not hold a person in prison indefinitely, as the
Senator from New Hampshire suggests, for it
would be competent for the party at any time to
apply, by writ of habeas corpuSy to the judge of the
court to be discharged if a commissioner improp-
erly confined him because he would not give se-
em ity to keep the peace. The bill is sought for
by our loyal friends in the border States, as I think
the Senator from Kentucky will bear me witness.
Probably he has been written to on the same sub-
ject. That is the whole scope and design of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. A single word, sir, in relation to
this bill. It will not only be a useful, but a ne-
cessary law in all the border States. The circuit
judge of the circuit of which Kentucky is apart,
and the district judge and the district attorney for
that district, have all written to mo in favor of the
passage of such a bill. The object is to give a
summary power against traitors and hold them to
bail for treason by the action of the United States
commissioners. There is nothingat all, I think,
m the objection of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. "Why, sir, in every case in the State courts
of Kentucky, a party plaintiff who wishes to hold
the defendant or defendants to bail goes into the
clerk's office, he makes a particular affidavit, and
upon that affidavit an order of arrest is issued by
the clerk to hold the party against whom the affi-
davit is made to bail. It is a common case.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me.
In the State of New Hampshire a man is not re-
quired to go to the clerk. He may go to any jus-
tice of the peace and get such ail order holding
the man to the next session of the coutt, and then
the court judge finally. Perhaps the difficulty
may be hcie that the commissioner may have final
jurisdiction, and there may be no appeal to the
court.
Mr. DAVIS. Notatail; he has no final juris-
diction. All he is to do is to hold to bail the party
to make his appearance at theensuiug term of the
court, and the judge of the court disposes of the
case then as though that duty had been performed
in the State courts instead of the United States
courts.
Mr. CLARK. If that be so, I should be in
favor of it, because a justice of the peace may do
all that in New Hampshire.
Mr. FOSTER. And so may he in Connecticut.
Mr. HALE. Exactly; and the reason is, that
the constitution of New Hampshire confers that
poweronhim; but the Constitution of the United
States denies it in this instance. That is the
difference between the two cases.
Mr. CLARK. But I do not understand that to
be entirely so. I understand this? commissioner
to be entirely preliminary and auxiliary to the
couit. He only holds a man for his appearance
before the court, and prevents him from doing
mischief until he s^cts before the court.
Mr. DAVIS. That is it. I think that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] is a much
better constitutional lawyer than his colleague,
[Mr. Hale.]
Mr. CLARK. I beg the Senator not to com-
pliment me at the expense of my colleague. I do
not quite like it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I believe that every slaveholder
in the Union would think just so. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. No doubt of it. [Laughter.]
The question beins taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 35,nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, Rtownvna, Caiiile, Chandler,
Clark, Cowan, Davi^. I)i\on. Fe^enden, foot, Fo^tei,
Guim^, Ilend-'i^on, How aid. Howe. Kennedy, Lane ol In-
dian;!. Lane of Latham, McDoucrall, Poineioy,
Sherman. Simmon-. Sunk, Sunmet, Ten JEyek. Tininlmii,
Wade. Wilkinson, \Viil<\\, Wilmot, WiNou in Massachu-
setts, Wiu-on oi and YVi^ht—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Dooiittle, Hale, and saulsbuiy—3.
So the bill was passed.
NAVAL CONTRACTS.
Mr. HALE. There is a little resolution lying
oil the table, which has come from the House of
Representatives, relating1 to naval contracts, that
has been examined by the Naval Committee,and
unanimously recommended by them. I move to
take it up, and put it on its passage. It is House
joint resolution No. 66. •
Mr. KING. I desire to state that I was in-
structed by the Military Committee to move at
one o'clock or thereabouts that the Senate go into
executive session. As that hour has all but ar-
rived, I hope the Senator will not press his motion.
Mr. HALE. This will not occasion debate-
Mr. KING. I apprehend that it will. I make
my motion now, if it is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must put the question on the motion of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 66) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to discharge contractors
with his Department when, they have furnished
the amount estimated in their contracts, and fifty
per cent, additional.
It proposes in all cases where parties holding
contracts with the Navy Department have fulfilled
the same to the estimated amount of the contracts,
and fifty per cent, additional, to empower the Sec-
retary of the Navy to release the contractors from
further obligation to furnish the aiticlSs stipu-
lated, and to settle their accounts as in cases of
completed contracts.
Mr. HALE. I am asked to explain this. I
will do it in two minutes. By the law as it now
is if a contractor contracts to furnish a thousand
bushels of corn at a given price, he is liable not
only to furnish the thousand bushels but one hun-
dred thousand more if they want it, notwithstand-
ing the price may rise one hundred percent, higher
than his contract. This resolution simply author-
izes the Secretary of the Navy, but does not re-
quire him, where the party has furnished every-
thing he contracted to furnish, and fifty per cent,
in addition, to release him from the binding neces-
sity of going on further after the price has risen
one hundred per cent.
Mr. K1NG. I think a bill relating to these con-
tracts had better have a more thorough examina-
tion. Does this come ftom the Naval Committee?
Mr. HALE. It does. It passed the House of
Representatives unanimously, and comes unan-
imously from the committee.
Mr. KING. I desire to look into a bill which
confers upon the Secretary of the Navy, or any
other Secretary, the power to make these great
contracts, and then to take half, and reduce and
vary and change the contracts. It is out of these
arrangementsand settlementsthatextended frauds
happen. 1 do not know but that this bill is all
right enough, for I have not had time to look at it,
but I think we ought to look into it. I will say for
one member of the Naval Committee, a vigilant
member of the committee, that he tells me he has
not examined it, and knows nothing about it.
That is one reason for my suggestion. I move
that the Senate go into executive session. That
will leave us time to look at it.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Senator alludes
to me as the person who has not examined the
bill. That is true, because I was accidentally
absent at the last meeting of the committee. Tho
bill may be, for all I know, as perfect and correct
a bill as was ever submitted to the action of the
Senate, and I do not desire that it should be post-
poned on my account.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, this subject passes over, and
the Senator from New York moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive bus-
UieSS* EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was 'agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 15; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 2>SG) supplementary to an
act p-i-5-ed the 30th day ol Apul, A. U. 171JU, entitled''An
act toi the punu-hment of ccitain enmcs againfct the United
States,'" he ptinted.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The business regularly in order is the
