2806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
ofthis measure, believing, as I conscientiously do,
that it will be of no particular pecuniary advant-
age, but rather the reverse to the people of the
section from which I come, yet 1 do not know
how I could meet my constituents if I were to go
home and tell them I had voted, not for a Pacific
railroad, but for a series of local railroads, which
may be denominated, as the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr.Clark] did denominate the main
stem with its branches the other day, a centipede
with its hundred legs. It may be that by striking
out some of these proposed local roads in this bill
some votes may be lost from certain sections of
the Union for the great measure*, but it may be by
inserting them in this bill that other votes will be
lost which might have been had for the great meas-
ure itself. I merely throw out these observations
thatSenators deeply interested in this measure may
reflect upon it, and see whether they are likely to
gain or lose by insisting upon these propositions.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. One word to the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, and to the Senate. This
bill has been under consideration in the House of
Representatives for months, for years. It has
passed that body again at this session. It has
been agreed upon by concessions. The branch to
which the Senator refers has entered largely into
the strength of the bill. Leavenworth is the me-
tropolis of Kansas. It is the great western depot
of the Government. The proposition is to loan
|360,000 to a company to connect the great Gov-
ernment depot at Leavenworth with other depots
in the West. I had hoped that it would commend
itself to the Government. It has an eastern con-
nection, or within seven miles of it, which wjII
be finished in a short time. No branch of that
length will bring more business into the main line
than the one we are about to vote upon. It con-
nects the metropolis of Kansas with the large inte-
rior town of Lawrcnce, and connects the depots
of the Government.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to say one word in re-
gard to the suggestion which foil from the Sena-
tor from Kansas. I would not do it if it had not
made its appearance several times; and that is, in
regard to the action of the House on this bill. It
is suggested that the House has done so and so;
that this is by concession in the House. I desire
to say to the Senator from Kansas that if the
House of Representatives, with all respect to
them, was the only branch of the Government,
that would have some force; but, as I understand
the Constitution, and the theory of the Govern-
ment, the Senate was put here to pass upon what
the House had done, and if they found anything
wrong, to amend it, and vice versa; so that it is
perfectly legitimate for us, for aught I see, not-
withstanding the House has done it, to strike this
out. The argument has not much force with me,
for 1 think the House erred, and so I propose to
strike it out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
flowaid, Howe, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Mor-
rill, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts,
and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, CarHle, Dixon, Doolittle,
Henderson, Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Ncs-
mith, Potneioy, Powell, Ilicc, Stark, and Wilson of Mis-
boini—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I will now move to amend,on
the22d page of the bill, as printed this morning,
by striking out all after the word " act," at the
close of the twenty-sixth line of section fourteen.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
And whenever there shall be a lineof railroad completed
through Minnesota or Iowa to Sioux City, or a point oppo-
site the same on the Missouii river, then said corpoiation
sliall construct a branch road fiorn Sioux City, to connect
with said Iowa branch or main line, to a point not further
west than the one hundredth meridian of longitude afoie-
said, and it i? hereby authorized to construct the same upon
the same terms and conditions as aie provided in this act for
the construction of the main line aforesaid; then the said
Union Pacific Railroad Company is hereby authorized and
required to construct a unlroud and tolcgiaph from &atd
Sioux City upon the most direct and piacueable route to a
point on, and so as to connect with the branch railroad and
tolegraph in this section hereinbefore mentioned, or wilh
the s aid Union Pacific railroad, said point of junction to
be fixed by the President of the United States, not further
west than the one hundtedth meridian of longitude afore-
said, and on the same terms nnd conditions as provided in
this act for the construction of tho Onion Pacific lailroad
aiotc&aui, and to complete the same at the rate of one hun-
dred miles per'year; and should said company fail to com-
ply with the requirements of this act, in relation to the
said Sioux City railroad and telegraph, the said company
shall suffer the same forfeitures prescribed in relation to
the Iowa branch railroad and telegraph hereinbefore men-
tioned.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope this amendment will
not be agreed to. This is the branch road that was
putin in the House ofRcpresentatives on the sug-
gestion of the Representative from Minnesota to
enable the roads that have been constructed across
Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota to form a
connection with the main trunk line. It furnishes
them their only opportunity of doing so; and if
any of these branches are to stand, it seems to me
this should. Perhaps it would be well enough to
let this be a test question, and I will, therefore,
suggest that it be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. The proposition to amend pro-
poses to strike out what may be called the north-
erly branch. We have already stricken out one.
There are four now, including the main trunk; and
it will be perceived by the terms of the bill there
is as yet no eastern connection. The provisions
of the bill are, " and whenever there shall be aline
of railroad completed through Minnesota or Iowa
to Sioux City;" whenever they shall build through
there they are to build this road. The whole of
it is entirely prospective. I do not intend to de-
tain the Senate; but the Senate will readily under-
stand what is proposed to be done. It is to strike
outthis northerly or Sioux City branch. It leaves
still another branch going through the State of
Iowa to Omaha, and when they have the toads
made we have a provision for that section. I have
no doubt, as the Senator from Iowa says, that this
was inserted on the representation of some Rep-
resentative in the House of Representatives from
that section; and so all these branches are put in.
One Representative wants this branch, and an-
other wants that, and still a third a third branch;
and to satisfy the whole, so that there shall be no
opposition from any quarter, we have got all these
branches put on, which has loaded the thing clown
so that it cannot by possibility be carried, or ought
not to be carried. If by and by there is a road
needed from that section, let the road be built; or
if they desire, as some persons do, to go by a more
northerly line, I have no objection to that; but it
seems this is not the time to put on this additional
branch. With these cxpressionsofmy own ideas,
I submit the matter to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire desires to go back beyond any of these
branches,and take some initial point from which
to start, 1 am with him; but if he is in favor of
having any of these branches, then I desire to say
that this is one just as important as any of the
others. He has already stricken olf one. I un-
derstand that, including the one which he now
proposes to strike off, there are four remaining in
the bill.
Mr. CLARK. Three after this.
Mr. GRIMES. There are three, then, in the
bill now.
Mr. CLARK. Four, including this.
Mr. GRIMES. And this is the last one which
the Senator proposes to strike out?
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no; I said no such thing. I
will say frankly to the Senator, I desire to go ex-
actly where he does, and begin out in the Tern-
tones and get nd of all these branches. That is
what we ought to do.
Mr. GRIMES. It is desirable that the Senate
should understand exactly what is the condition
of things. The Senator says there is no road
completed to Sioux City, where this branch is
proposed to start from. That is very true.
Mr. CLARK. I took the language of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no road completed,
but there is a road in process of completion. 1
think about one hundred and twenty miles of it,
or somewhere in that vicinity, are now in running
order from Dubuque west, and thus continuing on
to Milwaukee and to Chicago, and is the exten-
sion of the noithern line of loads, someof which
run through Canada and northern New York. I
do not desire that the Senate shall vote to strike
out this proposition on the assumption that there
is not any likelihood of there being any connec-
tion made at Sioux City with the line of loads
east from Sioux City. 1 apprehend that that road
will be completed m a very short time, and cer-
tainly its completion would be greatly accelerated
by the passage of this bill, allowing it to have a
branch. I do not know what is to be the policy
of the Senate. If we are going to have branches,
this is one of the most important ones. It is the
only method by which the Pacific railroad can be
of any advantage to Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota; but if the Senator proposes to go "back
of the branches, and knock them all off, I am
content that Iowa shall stand on the same footing
with any oth^r State.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand now the
policy of the Senator from New Hampshire. It
is to strike off all communication with this road,
so that it will have to start by itself and run alone.
No such bill could have been organized and carried
through the House. No such bill, when passed,
could make a road in any reasonable time. The
great railroad interests, and the great interests of
the country had to be consulted. The great rail-
road interests concentrating at St. Louis and run-
ning through Missouri had to be consulted. The ^
central system of roads running through the cen-
tral parts of the northern States lying north of the
Ohio and between the Ohio and the lakes had to be
consulted. The great system of roads running
along the northern lakes, connecting with Canada,
had to be consulted. It requires the force of all
of them added to the aid of the General Govern-
ment to build the road; and in order to build the
road, we have got to furnish them facilities for
communication out in a new country where the
business of railroading will not now pay, and never
will pay until the entire line is an accomplished
thing.
The northern branch is one of the essential fea-
tures of this bill. As eaily, I think, as 1853, Gov-
ernor, now General Stevens, was charged with a
party to survey the route from St. Paul, by way
of Missouri and Fort Benton, to Puget Sound.
He had accompanying him as engineers the late
General Lander and the present commander of our
forces, General McClellan. In examining the line
of communication between the great Northwest
and the North with the Pacific coast, it was the
absolute opinion of General Lander that the line
could not be continued between Fort Benton and
Pugct Sound. He insisted that to obtain that
communication, the departure would have to be
southward so as to pass through the South Pass;
and upon that question General Stevens and the
late General Lander had a very considerable dif-
ference. General McClellan also, as I am advised,
had portions of his report suppressed; General
Stevens being the chief and insisting upon that
northern route. I think the better opinion is, from
all the examination made, thatthat northern com-
munication will have to be by the South Pass.
They have now a provision for a road from the
head of Lake Superior to St. Paul, and also, as
stated by the Senator from Iowa, a road from
Dubuque to Sioux City partially completed, and
there is a grant from the Government for the road
at the head of Lake Superior. It accommodates a
vast interest; and if the country is to be brought
together upon a ccntral line out in the Territories
or out on the frontieis, that line should be accom-
modated as promptly as any other one. I regard
it as a very important feature of the bill, and I
will say to Senators that this measure cannot be
made, if passed into a law, an effective one with-
out building up the line of communications out of
which the main branch is to grow and be de-
veloped.
Senatois talk about these branches being a very
seiious matter in this bill. The bill proposes to
expend $60,000,000 in gross. If the Government
should expend $100,000,000 to accomplish this
result, it would be as nothing compared with
what would be the benefit to the Government as
well as the country. Of that sixty millions, be-
tween five and six millions is the whole amount
embraced in ail these branches together. That is
made a matter of great magnitude. We pass ap-
propriation bills of $500,000,000 in a day; we
spend three or four millions on a navy-yaid; we
spend as much us that on a single fortification;
but this is made a matter of great magnitude and
is given as a reason why the Pacific railroad bill
should not pass. I protest there is no soundness
in these objections. These branches are essential
to the construction of thoioad. They are wanted
as preliminaries to the budding up of the great
Imo through the interior. It is there that the giant
work has to be done. The roads communicating
