1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ourselves, should leave to military men t\jp details
of carrying into effect the orders given to them by
their superiors.
Mr. GRIMES. We are not talking now about
the orders of superiors. The question is now a
question of legislation in regard to the organiza-
tion of the Army. I concur fully in the sentiment
the Senator from Minnesota has just expressed.
I do not believe that it is my duty or my right to
interfere with the execution of the order of a mili-
tary man; but it is my duty and my right to take
part in determining what shall be the character of
the officers for the salaries of whose incumbents
my people are to pay.
The Senator from Massachusetts says this is a
reformatory bill. It is. I approve it; there is
hardly a provision in this bill that I do not adopt
and indorse, and that I am not willing to sustain
and vote for. F commend him for the measure,
for the suggestions that are contained in it; and
the only controversy between the Senator from
Massachusetts and myself is that I want to go a
little further in this reformation than he is willing
to go; and what is it that X am proposing to re-
form ?
In July last we passed a law authorizing the
President of the United States to appoint an in-
definite number of aids-de-camp without the con-
firmation of the Senate, at the dictation of whom ?
Of your volunteer major generals? No! Not of
General Hitchcock, not of General Dix, but of
your major generals of the regular Army. The
law as it stands on your statute-books to-day is
virtuallyan insult to the volunteer major generals
of the Army; and that is one reason why I want
to see it off your statute-book. It authoiizes and
directs the President of the United States to ap-
point these officers at the instance of a majorgen-
eral of the regular Army to an unlimited extent,
without the approbation, or the consent, or the
advice of the Senate. What has been the result?
We all know that we have got a staff, as it is called;
we have got a number of aids attached to major
generals, and attached also to brigadier generals
through the perversion of this law, unprecedented
in the military annals of any country on the face
of the earth. It is a matter of public notoriety
that one brigadier general has had assigned to him
twenty-one aids, members of his staff, ranking in
all possible ranks, from that of colonel down to
that of captain.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask whether thatgen-
tleman is a brigadier general ?
Mr. PESSEiS'DEN He has not accepted his
appointment yet.
Mr. FOSTER. But he has twenty-one aids!
Mr. GRIMES. That only shows the abuse of
the law if a general, without accepting his com-
mission, has had assigned to him and ordered to
duty twenty-one aids under its provisions. I can-
not say, I apprehend that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts cannot tell the Senate how many aids
have been appointed under this law I do not
know that anybody does know how many have
been appointed; but I want to stop it. I want to
stop it where it is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
the report on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. How many have been ap-
pointed ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know; the report has been ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES. I am glad that we have got
that far, so that we are going to get some inform-
ation on the subject. But I say I want to stop
the thing where it is. I want these men, who are
not appointed under the regular laws which now
stand upon your statute-books, or under the staff
law, which the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to pass through Congress, to be disbanded
precisely in the same manner that the Senator
from Massachusetts proposes to disband the ex-
cess of paymasters. I have taken the trouble to
investigate this matter a little, and to look at the
practice of other armies in regard to it. Lord
Clive, formerly Sir Colin Campbell, when he was
in command of all the armies in Bntish India, in
his successful attempt to put down the insurrec-
tion there, had only three aids. Does anybody
doubt it? I have the official Army Register of
Great Britain hero under my desk ready to show.
The Duke of Wellington, when in command of
one hundred and fifty thousand men in the Bel-
gian campaign, had but five aids; and in the great
battle of Waterloo he had only three additional
aids added to his staff. Marshal McMahon, in
command of the whole army of Paris, composed
of between two hundred and fifty and three hun-
dred thousand men, has but three aids. I)oes
anybody doubt it? I have the official Army Re-
gister of France here to prove it.
Mr. RICK. I will ask the Senator whether he
has looked into the organization of the British and
French armies?
Mr. GRIMES. I have.
Mr. RICE. Does he not know that in those
armies generals in command can detail as many
officers as they please for staff service? They
have a large number of supernumerary officers
always in those armies, and in my opinion, their
staffs, though not all put down in the Register,
far exceed the staff of any officer who ever com-
manded on this continent.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no doubt that in the
British army, the French army, or the American
Army,underagreat emergency, acommanderhas
a right to detail from the line of the service a lieu-
tenant or a captain and assign him to duty as a
member of his staff as an aid. He can do it now
under your laws. There was no necessity for
this letter from General Burnsideto the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, as I appre-
hend, asking that a law should be passed to en-
able him to assign an officer to his staff. He
might put him there without any act of Congress,
and he could retain him there throughout the
whole campaign. Of course every general wants
to have a brilliant staff; he wants to surround
himself with as many aids as possible. It gives
eclat to the officer; it is very convenient under a
groat many circumstances; but, Mr. President, it
will be exceedingly inconvenient for the people of
this country to pay the salaries which are to be
allowed to these officers.
Mr. RICE. I do not wish to be misunderstood
upon this question. The Senate must be aware
that a major general, stationed at Fortress Mon-
roe, in command of a small department, requires
less aids than a major general, or even a brigadier
general, serving in Kansas or in Kentucky, or
upon any portion of our frontier, where his divis-
ion is necessarily very much extended; and, to
say that we can regulate this by law, I think would
be going a little too far. One officer in command
of a division, or even of a brigade, may need half
a dozen aids, while another in command of a di-
vision may not need half as many. It depends on
the condition in which they are, and the service
which they are attempting to perform. In my
opinion, the only way in which it could have been
met, was by the passage of this very law author-
izing the President, upon the recommendation of
the lieutenant general, or of a major general, to
appoint as many additional aids as the exigencies
of the service might require. I think that, to re-
peal this Jaw would be an indirect, if not a direct
censure, not only upon the President of the Uni-
ted States, but upon the major generals now in
the field. I am not going to take the responsibil-
ity of censuring, by my vote, either the President
of the United States, or any officer of the Army,
especially in this emergency. We had news yes-
terday of a great victory; and it has been con-
firmed. We have just received news of another
victory; and , as I remarked before, last summer,
we were eager to give the President more than he
asked; but we arc now for curtailing, cutting off,
and, in my opinion, we are cutting off at the little
end of the whole thing.
I am m favor of letting the officers of the Army
alone. I am opposed to reducing their pay at this
time. They have gone into the field to fight; let
them fight; and if they are victorious, which I not
only hope, but believe they will be, we can reg-
ulate these little matters afterwards.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say one word in
reply to the Senator from Iowa. Of course my ]
opinion as to whether the staff should be large or i
small is entitled to very little weight. I do not
offer it to the Senate expecting that it will be rec-
ognized as having any weight; and yet, as the
subject is before us, I feel obliged to declare that
m my opinion the staffs of our generals are not
too large. But the Senator from Iowa says that
they are larger than the staffs of some of the great
European commanders, and he has before him
authorities to that effect. Sir, I do not wish to call ;[
in question his authorities; I have not examined ii
them; bu t1 must suggest to the Senate that I think
there is reason to suppose that there is a misap-
prehension. I think it is possible that there
some persons included under the staff of a Euro-
pean commander not enumerated expressly in the
authorities adduced by the Senator from Iowa—-
for instance, not enumerated as aids. He setys
that a certain commanding officer had only three
aids. I am not sure that when he sai'd he hud only
three aids that completely exhausted the question.
I have before me whatisan authority frdm which
there can be no appeal, at least in the instance to
which it refers, (Garden's Trailes de Pah-.) The
commander to whom it refers was the greatest
military commander, it is true, of modern times,
and the expedition was the greatest and the best
appointed that ever went forth in all history. I
allude to Napoleon when he started on his expe-
dition against Russia. I have here in'an authen-
tic report a table of what is called the exact force
of the Emperor Napoleon on that expedition, the
number of officers and the number of men in their
sum total, then the number of officers and the num-
ber of men in the different divisions of the army,
or, as they are called, bodies, earps d'armSe. In
this table, I find that the staff of the Emperor him-
self amounted to 249 officers. The staff of the first
corps d'armee, which was underthe command of
Prince d'Eckmuhl, amounted to 199 officers; the
staff of the second corps d'armee, under the com-
mand of the Duke de Reggio, was 129; the stuff
of the third, under the command of the Duke
d'Elchingcn, was 139; the fourth and sixth, under
the command of Prince Eugene, had a staff of
203; the fifth, seventh, and eighth corps were con-
solidated under the orders of the King of West-
phalia, and had a staff of 225; the ninth corps,
under the Duke of Bellune, had a staff of 40; the
tenth corps had a staff of 72, under the command '
of the Duke of Tarenta; the eleventh corps, un-
der the command of the Duke deCastiglione, had
a staff of 60. Then came the reserves of cavalry
under the King of Naples, the Prince Murat, who
was surrounded by a staff of 197. Then came the
Imperial Guard, under the Duke of Istria and
Trevise, with a staff of 73. Then came the great
park of artillery, with a staff of 137; and then an-
other division which is entitled " troops scattered
in different places," with a staff of 96; then the
thirty-second military division, with a staff of 22;
and then still another division of cavalry, under
General Bourcier, with a staff of 10. The sum
total of the staff of this grand army, as I find by
this table, amounted to 1,851. These are the
authentic figures with reference to one perfectly
organized military expedition, and I offer this to
the Senate in reply to the figures brought forward
by the Senator from Iowa, which, it seems to me,
are not satisfactory, are not precise; I doubt if
they are authentic.
Mr. GRIMES. There are a great many sub-
jects about which, when the Senator discourses,
I listen with profound respect and attention, be-
cause we all know that upon a great many sub*
jects he is very learned, but he will pardon me if
I say that upon this subject he has not shown his
usual discrimination and learning. Instead of the
persons whom the Senator has enumerated being
on the staff, they were the general officers of the
different divisions. I beg to say that I have al-
ready looked at this table; I know exactly what it
is; and if the Senator had taken the trouble to look
at the heading, I suppose his knowledge of the
French language would enable him to know that
etat-major means "general officer."
Mr. SUMNER. It means " staff."
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I beg pardon, it means
more than staff. If the Senator will refer to any
dictionary he will see that it means general offi-
cer; it includes the staff, to be sure. Now, let me
refer to this table which is in this French hook.
First, it contains the names of the general officers,
and the total amounts to 1,851. Then come the
officers of troops; they are the officers of the line;
and they are distinguished into French officers and
etrangers, or foreigners,embracing the Bavonese,
Spanish, Mecklenburgers, Hessians, Poles, Port-
uguese, Italians, Swiss,and so on. The total num-
ber of the officers of the troops was 9,191 of French,
and 7,998 of foreigners. These are the officers of
the regiments. Then come the officers and sol-
diers, and they are: of France, 341,871, and of
strangers, 234,169, making a total of 648,080.
That includes the whole, and this number of ] ,851,
