28G8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
answer me then. Why do you not reach your
eastern limit—why do you not come square up
through your territory to the Missouri river? It
is because the moment you approach the eastern
limit, the Missouri river, these local interests start
up and say, "you must not come within some
foar hundred miles of us, because we must send
out from four to six branches from this border."
It is the wrangle of local interests, and nothing
else on earth; and this great enterprise, day after
day and month after month, is held at bay because
these local interests demand to be gratified and
demand to be sustained at the sacrifice of the great
work.
This argument is sufficiently demonstrated and
illustrated when I assert what the bill provides,
that commencing on the Missouri river, at the
inolith of the Kansas river, you have got by this
bill five mouths, or branches if you please to call
thera so, within the distance of two hundred and
fifty miles, so that while we are engaged in the
great national enterprise of constructing a high-
way across the continent, we are held at bay here
day after day, and cannot be permitted to have
one line unless we will consent that when we shall
have approached to the terminus within three or
four hundred miles we shall branch off into five
or six mouths or outlets. It cannot be that the
national enterprise demands that. The proposi-
tion immediately under consideration is to strike
off the Sioux City branch. Where is that? It is
in parallel of latitude say 430, and on the bound-
ary of Iowa. The bill provides for that. The
bill provides also for another branch striking the
boundary of Iowa one single parallel of latitude
below it. Whyisthat? Does anybody pretend
to say that there is any great national interest
which demands two branches from the State of
Iowa running west? I take it not. Then the bill
provides, going a little further south—only one
degree and a half—for another outlet, another
mouth; and half a degree—thirty miles—below
that there is still another; and when you come to
Kansas City, or the mouth of the Kansas river,
there is still another; so that you have for this
road across the continent five mouths, or five out-
lets, at an expenditure of more than fifty millions,
upon the terms of the bill. I have computed it;
and as the bill provides for from fourteen to fifteen
hundred miles of road before you reach the point
where you are permitted to depart on this great
highway across the continent, I submit 
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the Senator
if the national interes,&f«rould not be subserved by
consulting the interests of theStatesof Iowa, Wis-
consin, Minnesota, and Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; and I am the last
man to deny any provision to subserve their in-
terests to any reasonable extent; but I ask the
Senator from Minnesota, in reply, whether he
undertakes to say that those interests demand two
outlets within the distance of a single parallel of
latitude? That is the question. This bill pro-
vides for two outlets within sixty miles of each
other, and that we are to endow them.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the Senator wishes
to state the facts correctly.
Mr. MORRILL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HARLAN. The distance, instead of being
sixty miles, is about three hundred miles.
Mr. MORRILL. Between Sioux City and the
next branch?
Mr. HARLAN. No, but the distance of the
road.
Mr, MORRILL. I speak of the distance be-
tween the points contemplated in the bill, as you
approach the Missouri river.
Mr. GRIMES. It is more than sixty miles.
Mr. MORRILL. It may be more than sixty
miles; I will not cavil about a few miles; but suf-
fice it to say that on the map, so far as I can ascer-
tain, they are not a parallel and a half away from
each other. Now, does anybody pretend to say
that in a great national enterprise there is any local
interest m those States which demands this sacri-
fice? I do not see it so. I am willing to allow
Iowa to select her point of departure. I am will-
ing that the great Northwest, if you please, should
select on the Missouri river its point of depart-
ure, to connect with this great trunk, either at
Sioux City or a Utile further down, so as to be on
a line with Burlington, and I think that is the
true point. Being on a line with Burlington, they
are on a line with Chicago, and Chicago is the
central point of the Northwest, and always must
be, I think, from the conformation of the coun-
try. Selecting that point, then, you have your
point for the great Northwest, and I submit that
that is enough; having that, there is no occasion
for any further outlet for the great Northwest; se-
lecting that, you have selected what accommo-
dates the West.
I am reminded by the honorable Senator, who
is the chairman of this committee, that Maine and
Vermont are the last States that should support
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; but Maine and Vermont are reasonably ac-
commodated by the line which looks to Chicago;
and whatever our local interests may be, having
established that one branch, we have no right to
ask the country to make another.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to state to the Sen-
ator from Maine that there is a road running from
Portland, in Maine, through the province of Can-
ada, which crosses the State of Michigan, and
there communicates with large steamers across
Lake Michigan, and connects with a railroad in
the State of Wisconsin, of which there are term-
ini belonging to different companies—one atPrai-
rie du Chien, near the northern line of Iowa, and
one at the city of La Crosse, ninety miles above.
There are two roads starting from the Mississippi
river—one at the north line, and the other ninety
miles above the north line of Iowa, running across
the State of Wisconsin, passing over Lake Michi-
gan by large steamers, going through the State of
Michigan,and then through Canada, until it finally
terminates at Portland, in Maine, without touch-
ing at Chicago.
Mr. MORRILL. I am sensible of all that, Mr.
President; but I know, and I think the Senator
knows, that if a citizen of my State was destined
to cross the continent, his direct line would be to
Chicago, and from Chicago to Burlington, and
thence to the point of intersection with this road
a little above Sioux City.
Mr. WILKINSON. Not at all. The shortest
line, by hundreds of miles I apprehend, more than
one hundred miles at any rate, would be across
Lake Michigan and through the State of Wiscon-
sin. We can save now more than one hundred
and fifty miles from the city of St. Paul in going
through the State of Wisconsin and over Lake
Michigan, and through the State of Michigan on
that line, to get to New York.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well; select your point.
If Sioux City is the point, be it so; I have no ob-
jection to that. My judgment is, that the point on
the Missouri river, which is in harmony with the
great point of the Northwest, and that I assume to
beChicago, is the true pointofdeparture. Thatis
my ground, and that is sufficiently commodious for
the rest. Now, having established one point of de-
parture on the Missouri river in Iowa, 1 submit to
my honorable friend from Ohio whether he be-
lieves that the public interests, the great national
interests concerned in this road, are to be sub-
served by adding another?
Wc having furnished one outlet sufficient for the
accommodation of the great Northwest, there is one
other point to be considered; and that is the South-
west. St. Louis is to the Southwest what Chicago
is to the Northwest. Therefore, I am in favor of
endowing the Kansas,Leavenworth, and West-
ern railway,commencingatthemouth oftheKan-
sas river, to make a branch intersecting with this
road. Having established these two outlets, and
having provided for these two points of departure,
I submit to the Senate that the country has done
all that can reasonably be expected of it. These
other branches, these other outlets, three in num-
ber, are simply local; they provide for local inter-
ests alone; and, in my judgment, they are stimu-
lated by local interests; and with all respect to
the opinion of the honorable Senator from Ohio
—^for whom I have the utmost deference—I sub-
mit that they will embarrass this bill; that they
take the means necessary to strengthen and to
build the central road, and therefore, in myjudg-
ment, they should be resisted. The good of the
enterprise requires, if we mean to build this road
through, that we should endow the center more
liberally, and we should be less prodigal upon the
branches.
Mr. RICE. It appears to me that the honorable
Senator from Maine, and some other Senators,
have not examined the geography of the North-
west sufficiently to enable them to speak under-
standing^ of the railroad connections. Chicago
is held up as the great city of the Northwest. It
is a great city, and destined to be a much larger
one; but they do not seem to be aware of the fact
that the head of Lake Superior is as near New
York as Chicago is. They do not seem to be
aware of the fact that we have a grant of land for
a road from the head of Lake Superior to within
a few miles of Sioux City, and that if the branch
is retained to Sioux City our roads will be built.
They do not seem to be aware that every road from
the East running to the West has a direct commu-
nication with Sioux City. Every road in Iowa
has; they have four, I believe, running through the
State to the West, and they have another, run-
ning from Des Moines city up the Des Moines
river to within a very short distance of Sioux
City, which binds them all together. They have
from Chicago, and from Milwaukee, and from all
these points, direct communication with the Prai-
rie du Chien and the La Crosse road, so that it
is immaterial to the eastern roads whether they
go by La Crosse or Prairie du Chien, Burlington,
or any point below, there will be a very few miles
difference in distance. Gentlemen seem to forget
that in that Lake Superior region there are inter-
ests so large that it would be almost incredible to
name them. This year alone they will take out
five hundred thousand tons of iron, and a great
many millions of dollars' worth of copper, and it
is a sealed book, almost, for the simple reason
that eastern gentlemen do not seem to appreciate
its value and to give to the commerce of the lake a
western outlet. The lake to-day is covered with
vessels; they cannotget enough to take the min-
erals out; and it is as near to the point where it is
proposed to start th is main road as Chicago is, and
I cannot, for one, vote for the bill if this branch
is stricken out.
As to the roads below these branches I have
nothing to say; but I do think that one branch to
the mouth of the Kansas river and another to Sioux
City would be sufficient. I think that Kansas and
Missouri, those that are most interested, have oc-
cupied too much time in the discussion of this
measure by endeavoring to get in little local meas-
ures upon it. The discussion the other day, which
occupicd so much of the time of the Senate, arose
upon a question in which I believe it was stated
there was only a difference of a mile and a half as
to the length of the road to be built.
Mr. CLAKIC. I would inquire of the Senator
whether he would prefer striking out the branch
from Omaha west. What I desire is to get rid of
one of these branches.
Mr.RICE. In relation to thatquestion, Iwillsay
that looking to the roads running through Iowa,
east and west, connecting with the eastern roads,
as many will be accommodated by starting from
Sioux City as from Omaha, or nearly as many,
for the reason that they are to have a road run-
ning from Des Moines city northwest, which
strikes within a short distance of Sioux City, thus
binding them all together.
Mr. CLxiRK. I have no objection to changing
the form of the amendment, and moving to strike
out the branch from Omaha, if that will satisfy
these Senators. I desire to get rid of one of these
two branches which go west from the westerly
line of Iowa, because it seems to me that two lines
within that short distance of each other, compar-
atively speaking, should not be built by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. RICE. The Senator will recollect that a
short time ago, when a lesolution was agreed upon
by the Committee on Public Lands in regard to
the route of a railroad in Minnesota, it was stated
to be for the purpose of changing the direction of
one of our roads so as to make this connection.
We ask for no money upon it. With the lands
we will build the road from Lake Superior to
Sioux City, or the Iowa line, provided we know
that we shall get an outlet still further west, a con-
nection with the great Pacific road. Of course it
would not become me to speak in regard to the
branch from Omaha City. The Senators from
Iowa know more about it. I should be glad if
they would consent to have that stricken out, and
make this a national measure, confined strictly to
national purposes. Any person who would say
that a road from the head of Lake Superior was
not necessary, might as well say that one from
Chicago was not necessary.
Mr. CLARK. Then, if I may be permitted to
