1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
generals. I have had a dozen plans sent to me by
European officers now in our service, men who
served in the French army, in the Austrian army,
in the Prussian army, in regard to tlie staff. They
would make a staff Jive times larger than we have.
They would put it on the basis of their own staffs
at home, and on the general organization of con-
tinental armies.
The Senator from Iowa says he has a right to
canvass this measure. I acknowledge the right.
I always thank him, and I always shall thank him
for examining and canvassing any bill that I bring
into this body, on my own motion or from the
Committee on Military Affairs. I value his sug-
gestions; I value them highly. X do not complain
of any Senator for canvassing these bills. I ex-
pect them to encounter a great deal of opposition.
Last summer, when we met here, we had to create
an enormous military force. The Military Com-
mittee had to bring in a large number of bills, and
had to act upon many of them, without, perhaps,
time for mature consideration. I think that, gen-
erally, we were successful, though we made some
errors. I propose to correct those errors now,
when we have the time to correct them; and I have
acted, and I think the committee has acted, in that
spirit, and for that purpose. Besides, many of
the bills that we bring in here are to increase force,
to increase expenses; and, of course, in the pres-
ent condition of the Treasury of the United States,
they must encounter a great deal of opposition.
When the War Department and the military men
of the country ask for a measure, even when it is
reported favorably by our committee, I expect it
to encounter opposition; and I have no doubt some
of our propositions will be defeated. I do not
complain of that, but on this bill, which is a bill
of economy, a bill to cut off abuses, to correct
errors, to retrench expenditures, 1 do not think
the Senator from Iowa ought to press a question
of that character.
I hope he will not press it. I hope if he does,
that the Senate will not sustain lum in it and that
it will not go upon this bill, but upon the bill for
the better organization of the staff of divisions,
which I must bring up soon. I cannot avoid it.
Hardlyadaypasses that I do notrcceive pressing
letters in regard to it. I am trying to mature it,
so as to meet the actual wants of the service and
to receive the confidence and the support of Sen-
ators, and I think that in the course of a week we
shall have that bill prepared, so that we can act
intelligently upon it. Then we shall have the re-
port that we have asked for printed in regard to
these staffs; we shall have time to examine the
whole subject, and see what will be the efiect of
this proposed amendment. Therefore I hope the
Senator will not press it upon us. I am sure that
if it was a naval bill or a bill from his committee,
I should not feel at liberty under the circumstances
to persist in pressing upon it a proposition of such
radical change as this, and that, too, when con-
fessedly here we do not thoroughly understand the
whole subject. -
Mr Mci30UGALL. I designed, as the amend-
ments of the chairman of the committee are nu-
merous, and I think important, to ask, when lie
was through with -them, that the bill lie on_ the
table, and that the amendments be printed. They
can be ready for us in printed form on Monday
morning, so that we can then take up the bill. In
order that we may act intelligently on the amend-
ments, as the bill is a very important one, I move
that the bill lie on the table, and that the amend-
ments bo printed.
Mr. NESM1TH. Before that motion is put, I
should like to offer an amendment or two.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly; it is proper
that all theproposedamendments shall be printed.
I give way to allow that; but it is near half past
four o'clock, and I shall soon renew my motion.
Mr. GRIMES. The question now is, I under-
stand, on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to amend the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, which I renewed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ruled
that out of order. The question is on the amend-
ment of ihe Senator from Iowa.
Mr- GRIMES. Is it within my po wer to strike
out that portion of it to which the Senator trom
Massachusetts objects?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I modify my amendment
m that way, so as to provide simply for the repeal
of the act of August 5, 1861.
Mr. CLARK. What will be the effect of this
repeal upon those already appointed?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose it will leave them in.
Mr. CLARK. I have great doubt about it; and
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] has
doubt about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to affect them
in any way.
Mr. CLARK. Letitbe inserted that this repeal
shall not affect those already appointed.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the Senator draw up an
amendment to that effect.
Mr. RICE. I believe the understanding is that
no vote is to be taken to-nigh ton any of the amend-
ments, but that such amendments as are now ready
to be offered shall be proposed and be ordered to
be printed. I have two amendments that I wish
to offer. Is it in order for me now to present them ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa as it has
been modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I find in conversation
that it seems to be conceded all around that the
bill will go over and the amendments be printed,
I think it will be unwise to act definitely on the
one now before the Senate. I suggest, therefore,
that it would be better to let such amendments as
are to be proposed, bo now indicated or offered,
and let all of them be printed together, and the
bill go over. [" Agreed."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued if there be no objection. The Senator
from Minnesota may now present his amendments,
and they can lie on the table and be printed with
the other amendments.
Mr. RICE. One is to strike out the niiithscction,
in regard to the reduction of pay, and the other
is to strike out the sixteenth section, in regard to
mileage. These are the only two amendments I
expect to offer.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment: attheend of the eleventh section
to°msert, " and hereafter there shall be but one
chaplain in each brigade."
Mr. POWELL. I intend at the proper time
to move to strikeout thefourteenth section, which
compulsorily retires officers at a certain age.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the tenth section; to strike out the words
" post" and " regular," in the fourth line of that
section, and to insert in lieu of the word " reg-
ular," the word "volunteer," so that hospital
chaplains shall receive the pay of chaplains in the
volunteer service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from California, that
the bill lie on the table, and that the bill and the
amendments which have been made, as well as the
amendments proposed to be offered, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when tile Senate adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 14, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro vud.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Ilouse the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Patents; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DUNN moved that the usual number of
extra copies of the report be printed, and also
moved that one thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner, without the matterconnecteil with
it, be printed.
Both motions "were referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
BAMCRDPT LAW.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was road, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of House bill
No. £83, to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout tlie United States, be printed for the use of the
House.
NAVAL APPEOPKIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itself into tlie
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering the naval appro-
priation bill.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
45, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. NOELL moved that there be a call of the
House; and asked for tellers upon his motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sherman
and Noell were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 44, noes 49.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
S® the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mc-
Knight in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill of the House (No. 242) making
appropriations for the naval service for the yettt-
ending 30th June, 1863, and additional appropri-
ations for the year ending 30th June, 1862.
Mr. MARSTON. In lino one hundred and
fifty-four, under the heading, "hospitals, Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire," I move to strikeout
the words, "for hospital buildings, $20,000,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For the purchaso of twenty-seven and three Ii undred and
fifty-five thousandths acres of land mi Seavey's island,
adjaccnt to the Kittery navy-yard, and fitting up the build-
ings thereon for a hospital, building coal wtiarf and coal
sheds, and fencing the giounds, $30,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not move to strike out the
appropriation for a hospital building at this navy-
yard because such a building is not needed; but
in the opinion of many naval men the United
States do not now own a site that is proper for a
hospital. The Kittery navy-yard is upon an
island, and the whole island is already occupied.
There is another island called Seavey's island,
separated from the navy-yaid by a narrow chan-
nel, only about thirty yaids wide at low water.
It is now owned by private individuals, and it
has long been the wish of all connected with the
yard that a portion of this island should be pur-
chased for the use of the yard, not only for the
erection of a hospital building, but for the con-
struction of coal sheds and of a coal wharf.
Mr. STEVENS What is the extent of this
island?
Mr. MARSTON. About a hundred acres.
The island is now in the bands of private indi-
viduals, and it is rapidly increasing in value. The
island is every year being built upon by private
individuals, and the lands are being sold. But
that portion of the island at the point adjaccnt to
the liavy-yard is now in the hands of two per-
sons only—one owning twenty-seven acres, on
which there are two dwelling-houses, and the other
owning a fraction of ail acrc, on which there are
several buildings. The commandant of the navy-
yard desires that these twenty-seven and three
hundred and fifty-live thousandths acres shall
be purchased by the United States, and that the
buildii%s thereon shall be fitted up for hospital
purposes, and he says that they will answer all
the purposes of ahospital for many years to come.
The commandant also says that there is a great
want of accommodation for a coal depot and coal
wharf, which can also be obtained on tins island.
This land can now be purchased for §14,500, and
the balance of the appropriation will be sufficient
to fix up the buildings and build the coal wharf
and coal depot necessary for the yard.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Founet, its Secretary, an-
nounced that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House (No. 240) to authorize the issue of United
States notes and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
