1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in which it has been done heretofore, than itcould
possibly be done if the execution of the work were
transferred to the printing house in this city, and
I hope the appropriation will not be reduced.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Before passing to section
two, I desire to state that my attention has been
called by a gentleman residing in the vicinity of
the Portsmouth and Boston navy-yards to an ap-
• propriation, in a portion of the bill which has been
passed, for building a "futtock saw-mill" for each
of these places, which is not necessary. Theappro-
priation for that purpose for each of these places, I
see by reference to the estimates, is $10,000, and
is included, in each instance, in the general appro-
priation for the yard. 1 know the amendment is
not in order; but, with the consent of the commit-
tee,! will move to strike from the one hundred and
eighth line on page 5, and from line one hundred
and nineteen on page G, the words " futtock saw-
mills," and to reduce the appropriation in each
instance by the amount of $10,000. If it shall be
discovered that any peculiar reason exists for the
building of these saw-mills, the appropriation may
be restored in the Senate. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I understand, is
not informed of the circumstances under which
the appropriations are asked, except the fact that
they are contained in the estimates. If we can
save this amount I think we had better do it. I
make the motion, therefore, to strike out the words
as I have indicated, and to rcduce the appropria-
tion $10,000 in each instance.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know anything
about what is the meaning of " futtock saw-nulls"
which are contained in the bill. I believe, how-
ever, they are for a species of sawing, the object
of which is to save the expense of hewing, and
that the work can be done not only more conve-
niently, but more economically, than by the old
process of hewing. I am under the iinpicssiou
that the appropriation had better be made*, but if
the gentleman wishes to inquire into the matter
farther, ( will not object to its being stricken out
for the present.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received and adopted.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to add at the end
of the second section as follows:
For the purchase of nautical instruments, books, maps,
and cluing, ^20,000.
For tepairs at Observatory, freight, and transportation,
$3,000.
I move that amendment upon the ground stated
in a letter from the Superintendent of the National
Observatory, which, with the permission of the
committee, I will read. It is this:
United States Naval Obskrvatory,
Washington, December 6, 1801.
Sir*. The appropriation for the purchase of charts and
instiuments gtanted by Congress undei the estimate of my
predccessoi, when only lorty vessels weie employed, has
been expanded.
With it ($20,000) and the remaindei in the Trea^-uiy on
the 1st of July last, 19,) to the credit of the same
object, one bundled and Inly vob&uls have been furnished.
Nearly a iiundied others, including those building, i amain
to be supplied.
In ease additional appropriations are asked forby the hon-
orable Secretaiy of the Navy, I most respectfully sugge&t
thai the following may be included:
Foi the purchase of nautical monuments, books, maps,
and churw, $20,000.
For repairs at (lie Observatory, freight and tiasportation,
$3,0^0.
The last item w to cover cost of heating apparatus and
new platform, See., on loof, authorized by the buusau, and
the gieat increase m transportation by express since the
Potomac has been closed.
Veiy respectfully, vmir obedient sei vant,
J. M. GfLLTriS, Superintendent.
Captain A. A. TLvrwood, Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance
and Hydrography; A'co y Department.
Now, sir, 1 am informed by the Superintendent
of the National Observatory that the appropria-
tion for this year, as stated in his letter, has been
entirely exhausted; and not only that, but that he
has himself purchased on his own credit in Lon-
don telescopes absolutely required for the use of
the vessels already m commission to the extent
of $2,000, and that the expenditure of this amount
will be absolutely necessary for these purposes
during the present fiscal year.
This recommendation on the part of the Super-
intendent of theNauonalObservatory is indorsed
by the chief of the bureau and also by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, after referring the matter to the
proper bureau. I have no doubt that the appro-
priation is absolutely necessary for furnishing ves-
sels during the remainder of the present year, and
I hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether this is a deficiency for the present
year ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is. The appropriation
for this purpose is already more than exhausted.
Mr. HOLMAN. The appropriation of $20,000?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Yes, sir; that has all been
expended, and an additional appropriation of
$13,000 remaining unexpended from the year pre-
vious. The gentleman will recollect that there
have been put into the service of the Government
during the present year no less than one hundred
and fifty vessels, and there are one hundred still
left to be furnished with these charts.
Mr. XiOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
if these charts are furnished by the Government?
_ Mr. SEDGWICK. In part they are, but a por-
tion of them have to be purchased from the makers
in New York.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the Coast Survey office
does not, after all, furnish the charts required for
the use of our vessels?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The Coast Survey fur-
nishes one hundred and fifty of the one hundred
and eighty-seven which are required to be fur-
nished to each vessel. There are about thirty-
seven which the Government is compelled to pur-
chase of the makers in New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire the Clerk to read
the communications which 1 send up from the
Secretary of the Navy and from the commandant
of the Washington navy-yard in regard to the
expenditures required for enlarging and improving
the ordnance department of that yard. Before it
is read, however, I will move to amend by adding
an appropriation of $50,000 for that purpose.
The Clerk read the communications, as follows:
Navy Department, January 31, I860.
Sir: I have the homu to inclose herewith a communi-
cation fiom Commander John A. Dahigien, commandant
ot the Washington navy-yard, which communication is
favoiably indojsed by Captain A. A. Harvvood, chief of the
Buieau of Oidnancc and iiydrogtaphy,asking an appro-
priation of$50,000 foi the oulnance foundery, and a small
appiopiiation tor inclosing the ordnance buildings.
I would earnestly recommend that the desired appropria-
tion be made.
1 am. veiy respectfully, youi obedient servant,
CiDEON WELLES.
Hon. Ciiari.rs B. Sedgwick,
Chairman Naval Committee, House of Representatives.
Commandant's Office, United Statfs Navy-yard,
Washington, January 28, 1862
Sir: I find it necessary to mfoiin you th.it the present
limited extent of means of the oidnance foundeiy is alto-
geiher insufficient for pusent puiposen, every pait being
blocked up with work, which is also increasing.
I would therefore request that an appropriation of $50,000
be made, in order to meet present pressing demands.
I aUo recommend a small appropriation for an iron rail-
ing to inclose the oidnain c buildings.
1 have the honor to be, very lespectfully, vonr obedient
servant, JOI1N A. 1JAIILGREN,
Commandant.
Captain A. A. Harwood,
Chief of Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography.
[indorsement.]
Veiy respectfully submitted to the honorable the See-
retary'of the Navy, with the leconimendation that the ap-
propnation be a^ked foi and ptcssed, to meet requirements,
the extent ol wiurii could not possibly be foreseen, and are
initiative. ANDREW A. IJAUWOOD,
Chief of the Bureau oj Ordnancc and Hydrography.
Mr. STEVENS. The superintendent of the
yard—Commodore Smith—was before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means when the portion of
the bill relating to that yard was under consider-
ation; and 1 believe we nowhere cut down any
item below the estimates furnished by him. My
colleague on the committee, who stands near me,
[Mr. Hojiton,] will bear me out in saying that
we appropriated for this yard all that was asked—
I believe $176,900 in all.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to indulge me a
moment. The appropriation to which lie refers
is for the next year, and not for this. If the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means had
seen the state of the business of the ordnance de-
partment at the navy-yard, where almost all the
heavy guns for the Navy are finished, he would
see that there is an absolute necessity for an in-
crease of accommodations. All the approaches,
and every spare foot of space are blocked up with
unfinished ordnancc; and they havenolabsolutely
the necessary meansof pressing forward the v^qrk
as they desire to.- The appropriation in tho bill
for the next year may, in part, become unneces-
sary, if this appropriation is made now for increas-
ing the capacity of these works. They are now
in the process of adding large lathes, for tlie turn-
ing of cannon in very insufficient quarters. ;Xf
we propose to make guns for use during this ye?ir,
and this campaign, they must be made now. And
undoubtedly, Commodore Smith, who is the chi^f.
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, and is famijiar
with the requirements of the service, had not his
attention called, at the time he was before the com-
mittee, to the particular necessities pressing upon
this navy-yard in relation to the manufacture of
cannon.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Was this matter brought
before the Naval Committee?
Mr. SEDGWICK. No, sir. The matter is
urged in the letters which have been read.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not willing to cramp
this yard in any respect; but we had the Superin-
tendent of Yards and Docks before us at the time
we drafted this bill, and we granted, I believe,all
he desired and said was necessary. Now, if this
were a motion to reduce the appropriation con-
tained in this bill, of $76,985, for the next year,
to $26,000, and to add this $50,000 thus stricken
out to the appropriations of the present fiscal ye^r,
I would not object. But I do hot wish to increase
the volume of this appropriation beyond what
tho Committee of Ways and Means have recom-
mended.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I have no objection to that;
and, with the permission of the committee, I will
go back and move to reduce the amount of appro-
priation for the Washington navy-yard §50,1)00.
I will then follow that up with an amendment
appropriating $50,000 to be expended during this •
fiscal year.
Mr. MOORHEAD. lam opposed to the amend-
ment, and I want to make one or two practical
suggestions in connection with this subject. It
seems that this is an effort to appropriate money
to be expended at the Washington navy-yard,
when the Potomac is blockaded, and when there
are no means of getting the materials to this place
except by costly transportation by land. It seems
to me it is a great deal better to cast these guns
where the materials are to be had, where you have
the coal and iron, and then to send the guns to
forts and places which are not blockaded, and
where our Army may get the use of them. I think
we should be cautious in spending a large amount
of money for this navy-yard, unless our Army
and Navy go to work and open the Potomac—a
thing which I hope they will do soon. I think it
inappropriate to make this appropriation now to
a yard which is blockaded, and from which you
cannot get the finished articles while the blockade
continues.
Mr. SEDGWICK. T wish to say only one word.
My friend from the Pittsburg district ought not
to be uneasy upon this subject, because the works
which he represents are worked to their utmost
capacity to furnish guns for the wants of the Army
and Navy. And every foundery in the country
thatis capable ofcasting cannon has been appealed
to, and urged to its utmost capacity, to furnish
ordnance for the immediate wants of the Army
and Navy, and my friend's constituents will have
all they can possibly do.
But tho guns cast at Pittsburg are sent to Wash-
ington navy-yard to be finished; to be bored,
rilled, and put into a condition for use. The Navy
has lost no gun by reason of the blockade of the
Potomac, and it does not propose to lose any.
They will have abundant material to spend this
$50,000 upon. If this appropiiatiun wore to in-
terfere with the productions of any other place, I
would not urge it; but I say that a large number
of founderies in the country are at work upon large
ordnance for the Navy Department, and others
have been appealed to to go into the manufacture
of cannon, but they have declined to do so. An
appeal has been made to the Senate to make an ap*
propriation for a foundery for heavy Army guns,
we being deficient in that character of arm, riot
being able to procure what we absolutely require
now.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous congcnt,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reduce the amount
one dollar.
