1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
37th Cons....2d Sess.
Admission of West Virginia—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
it is a humiliating fact that she is at least fifty
years, if not more, behind her daughter Ohio in
population, wealth, and nearly everything that
makes a State great and prosperous.. Why is this?
I repeat the question, why is this? Sir, to ray
mind the reason is obvious. When not affirm-
ing and reaffirming the resolutions of 1798-99 and
discussing political abstractions, we were wasting
our time and energies in the vain endeavor to rec-
oncile irreconcilable interests between the two
sections of the State, instead of dividing the State
on the line made by nature into two independent
States, that the inhabitants of each might develop
their own internal wealth and pass laws suitable
to their own wants and conditions. Sir, we can-
not, even with your aid, recall the past, but we
may with it improve the future.
Mr. Speaker, in reference to the question of
sfavery in the new Suite, I have but a word or two
to say. The laws of climate forbid its existence
there, nor is it the desire or wish of the people
that it should be a slave State. Hence it was that
I cheerfully consented that that question might be
settled at once by inserting the clause contained
in this bill. The further extension of slavery
under this Government has become an obsolete
idea. And if one of the results of this war be the
extinction of slavery in the border States, and the
shaking to its very center the institution in every
southern State, let the South remember that it was
she that filled the goblet, and if she is compelled
to drink its contents to its very dregs, she cannot
say to the border States, " you did it."
Mr. Speaker, there is another consideration
which, although not germane to this bill, I cannot
refrai n from alluding to before closing my remarks.
It is the noble and patriotic stand taken by the peo-
ple of north western Virginia at the very commence-
ment of this causeless and unfortunate war. Yes,
sir, the news had hardly reached the patriotic peo-
ple of northwest Virginia thatan ordinance of se-
cession had passed withdrawing Virginia from the
Union, before they had met, and, kneeling before
the altar of their country, they resolved that, come
what might, they would sland by the old flag and
the Union which their fathers had bequeathed to
them. How they kept their resolve, let incontro-
vertible facts answer.
The tenth congressional district, represented on
this floor by my colleague, [Mr. Brown,] and my
own district, the eleventh, containing together a
white population of not over one hundred and
twenty-five thousand, have now in the service of
the United States over eleven thousand men ex-
clusive of tl\pse who have come fiom other parts of
the country and enlisted in Virginia. Sir, one little
county in my district—a county within whose lim-
its a traitor dare not enter—with a voting popula-
tion of about one thousand, has sent to the field
four hundred and sixty men. I allude to the glori-
ous and patriotic county of Ritchie. Tell me, sir,
where are the two congressional districts and
where the county that has in proportion to its pop-
ulation turned out as many men for this war? They
cannot be found.
Mr. Speaker, when the impartial historian shall
write the history of this war, the heroic and patn-
j otic course of the people of northwestern Virginia
i will form not only one of its most interesting but
brightest chapters. Sir, bound as we are to the
great West by ties made by the God of nature,
we could not if we would, and would not if we
could, change our relations to the Government of
the United Slates; no, sir, no. Let me say to the
Representatives on this floor from Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and other western States, that your des-
i tiny is ours, and that whatever is in st,ore for you
! in the impenetrable future is likewise in store for
! us. Come, therefore, and aid us in the passage of
; this bill, to the end that we may be erected into a
j new State, that you with us may share m the riches
I and blessings that will flow by developing the in-
calculable mineral wealth of northwest Virginia,
I which will, in the future as in the past, unless our
| request is granted, remain buried in the bosom of
our mountains.
Mr. Speaker, one word more and I have done.
It is said by those who desire some excuse, if I
may so speak, to oppose this bill, that they can-
not bear the idea ofdividing the old Commonwealth
ofVirginia, which has given birth to somany great
statesmen, and around whose history so many de-
lightful associations cluster. Sir, I yield to no
man in the regard, not to say love, I have for the
good old Commonwealth. It was on her soil I first
opened my eyes to the light of heaven. I read
with childish pride, and point with delight to her
history and the part her sons have taken hereto-
fore in the councils of the nation. Nay more, I
would obliterate, if possible, fiom the memory of
man the humiliating and unjustifiable position she
now occupies towards that Government she has
contributed so largely to build up. But what of
all this? Did she lose any of her historic renown
when she ceded to the General Government the
territory now comprising the great Northwest, or
when she permitted her daughter, Kentucky, to
set up for herself, that she might have a name ill
history? No, sir; no! And thus it will be if her
youngest daughter, West Virginia, is permitted
to assume all the responsibilities of one of the
States of this Union. Instead of detracting from
her fame and history, it will add to both,and the
time will come when she will point with pride and
pleasure, as did the Spartan mother, to her chil-
dren, and say " these are my jewels."
Mr. Speaker, pass this bill and you will carry
joy and gladness to every loyal heart in noith-
western Virginia. Pass it, and you buoy up the
hearts and strengthen the arms of those that have
grown faint and weak in defending their homes,
and maintaining that Government which is the
hope of the friends ofconstftutional liberty through-
out the civilized world. Yes, pass it, and you will
do that which justice and right demand, and we
will ever celebrate the event as we do the birth-
day of our national existence, with bonfires and
illuminations, and songs of thanksgiving and
praise.
