1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
mittee to the fact that a committee chaigod to (investigate
frauds* cajnc into a depaitment which was under martial
law, in the midst of civil dissensions encouraging insubor-
dination, discrediting and weakening the authoiity of the
commanding general then absent m the field, and I offer
testimony to show that their conduct while at St. Louis
created a public opinion that their special object was to
make outacase against inv elfwhich bhould justifymy re-
moval from that department. (See page 79 of that repot t.)
And I offer testimony to show that they avoided and de-
clined to leceive, and have suppressed*, testimony which
militated against this ohjcct, and further to show that there
arc in the report many inaccuracies and pervcisions and
some positive falsehoods."
Who impeaches that witness?
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps the gentleman did not
observe, as he was absent a portion of the time
on Friday, that I asked the committee on the con-
duct of the war whether General Fremont had fur-
nished any further evidence upon that point.
Mr. STEVENS. One member of that com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. I asked the committee on the
conduct of the war that question.
Mr. STEVENS. I heard the gentleman ask
thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Odell,] who
is a member of that committee, and lie responded.
Mr. DAWES. Myquestion was addressed to
the committee, several members of which I saw
present; and I then remarked that I would call on
the gentleman from New York for an answer. In
the presence of the committee, he replied that Gen-
eral Fremont had not furnished any evidence to
sustain the charges made by him, except his own
statement.
Mr. STEVENS. I recollect the question of
the gentleman, and my recollection is that the gen-
tleman from New York stated that he did not know
that there was any evidence before them upon this
point, except General Fremont's. I think that
was the answer. Now, 1 do not say that that
evidence lias been taken, but 1 would ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana on my right, [Mr. Julian,]
who is a member of that committee, whether Gen-
eral Fremont has furnished them with the names
of witnesses which he still desires to have them
examine?
Mr. JULIAN. I will state, in answer to the
question, that General Fremont did furnish us
with a hstof witnesses whom he desired us to call,
by whom he told us he could prove every material
fact which he asserted upon Ins own responsibil-
ity. The committee, however, at that time only
sent for such witnesses as in their judgment were
necessary to clear up matters left m "doubt, and
settle the substantial merits of the case as they
then understood it.
I ought,'perhaps, further to state that both Gen-
eral Fremont and those who have assailed him
have since insisted upon further testimony upon
one side and upon the other, and that I believe
some further examination will be made of other
witnesses upon these matters by the committee on
the conduct of the war.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps the gentleman from
Indiana will either coi roborate or deny the state-
ment made by his colleague oil the committee on
the conduct of the war?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh ! there is no dispute about
that.
Mr. JULIAN. I think (he statement made by
my colleague was correct, although I did not un-
derstand it precisely as tlie gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts states it.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to a;sk the gentleman from New York whether I
did not state his answer to my question correctly ?
Mr. ODELL. The gentleman stated my an-
swer, as I recollect it.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not called in question
the accuracy of the statement at all. I think it
was correct. But I was going to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether he did not at the in-
quest of General Erfmont furnish to the committee
on the conduct of the war the names of witnesses
who General Fremont supposed would prove the
facts i have suggested.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 did furnish to one member
of the committee some names which General Fre-
mont handed to me, who, he told me, could prove
the faers suggested by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, among a good many others, which I
could mention, but I suppose it is unnecessary.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether he furnished to any mem-
ber of the committee on the conduct of the war
the natnes of any witnesses who, he said, could
prove those charges against the committee on
Government contracts?
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts did not understand, when I said
that General Fremont furnished me with a list of
witnesses and stated what they could prove, that
I prescribed to the committee what questions they
should ask them.
Mr. GOOCH. Was there any communication
to the committee as to what testimony these wit-
nesses would give?
Mr. SHANKS. Certainly not.
-Mr. GOOCH. I desire to state, in behalf of
that committee, that we have been desired to take
the testimony of a cloud of witnesses to prove
various points, but as these witnesses were, many
of them, in Missouri, and others at other distant
points, the committee have found it impracticable
to bring before them the persons whose names
have been suggested. At the same time, so far
as this matter is concerned, if the House desire
to spend the money of the Government in that
way, we are willing to send for and examine all
those gentlemen.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has road an extract from General
Fremont's testimony in which he says the com-
mittee on Government contracts have declined to
receive testimony and have suppressed testimony.
I desire to say that the committee did not decline
to take testimony or suppress testimony. And
any assertion of that kind by General Fremont,
or anybody else, is utterly untrue.
Mr. STEVENS. It may all be so. I have
very often heard thorn plead " not guilty5' before.
[Laughter.] But, sir, I am not using my own
assertion j 1 am not using my own perversion of
testimony; I am reading sworn evidence.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does the gentleman call
that evidence, when Geneial Fremont, who gives
it, proposes to prove the truth of his assertions
by witnesses which he does not call?
Mr. STEVENS. He did call them, but they
have not come.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And they never will
come.
Mr. STEVENS. They will come, I suppose,
if the committee send for them; but I do not intend
to cast any reflection upon the committee on the
conduct of the war for not sending for them.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Thegentleman has re-
ferred to the example, as he calls it, of the com-
mittee oil the conduct of the war m giving notice
to the party accused. Did that committee give
this committee of the House notice that they were
accused of falsehood and the suppression of testi-
mony ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know. I do not
belong to that committee. If they have not given
it, they ought to. That is all I have to say. The
gentleman from Illinois does not, of course, un-
derstand mc as intending to make any reflections
upon him.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Certainly not. The
gentleman has too much amiability for that.
Air. GOOCH. The committee on the conduct
of the war have not found it necessary to give
any such notice. The publication of the testimony
of General Fremont was a sufficient notice.
Mr. WASHBURNE. By the order of the
committee ?
Mr. GOOCH. No, sir.
Mr. WASHGUIINE. By whose order?
Mr. GOOCH. General Fremont, I suppose,
had it published.
Mr. WASHBURNE. How did he obtain pos-
session of the evidence?
Mr. GOOCH. I suppose he retained a copy.
Mr. COLFAX. Can the gentleman from Illi-
nois inform the House how a telegraphic sum-
mary of the testimony taken before Ins committee
in St. Louis, while General Fiemont was in the
field in the face of the enemy, came to be sent to
New York and published in the New York papers3
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir. I do not know
anything about it. Does the gentleman from In-
diana know ?
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir. I do not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then why does thegen-
tleman bring it in here at tliM time?
Mr. COLFAX. Because it was a fact that
wlnlc_ the committee on Government contracts
were in St. Louis, an abstract of their report was
sent to the New York papers, very much to the
detriment of General Fremont and the military
operations of his department, while he was chas-
ing the enemy in a distant part of the State. They
went through the State of Missouri and took testi-
mony behind his back. They sat in secret ses-
sion with closed doors, and yet an abstract of that
ex parte, testimony was put upon the telegraph
wires and spread all over the country. Thatab-
stractof testimony could have only been obtained
in one way.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There was no abstract
so published.
Mr. COLFAX. It must have been published
by the consent of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. It mudt have merely been a
mistake of the printer. [Laughter.] Now, sir,
this House called for that testimony by a large
majority.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What was that resolu-
tion ?
Mr. STEVENS. To furnish the testimony if
it were deemed compatible with the public in-
terest.
Mr. ODELL. It is true the House called upon
the committee on the conduct of the war to fur-
nish the testimony taken before them in General
Fremont's case. It is also true that the resolu-
tion provided that it should be done if it was com-
patible with public interest. The committee had
the resolution of the House before them and unan-
imously agreed that it was not public interest to
furnish the evidence. This was the opinion of
every member of the committee, and they are of
the same mind still. In reference to its publica-
tion in the New York Tribune, it was not with the
consent or approbation of the committee. They
were all surprised that it should appear in print;
the committee having declined, to all parties, to
allow its publication.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Did the House order
General Fremont to publish it without the consent
of the committee?
Mr. STEVENS. Neither did the Adjutant
General ask the consent of Congress to publish
his charges. Perhaps we ought to have consulted
him about it.
Mr. COLFAX. The committee are aware and
the House are aware that the charges of the com-
mittee and of the communication of General
Thomas were spread all over this land against
General Fremont, and it was not deemed incom-
patible with the public interest. That was con-
sidered all right and proper; but when General
Fremont's defense is made public, we hear the
allegation that it was not compatible with the pub-
lic interest. When these charges were made
against him, and disseminated throughout the
country for effect upon the public mind, he could
not believe lhatitwas not right and proper to give
his reply to the public.
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry that General Fre-
mont made the mistake of not consulting Adju-
tant General Thomas. He had been attacked by
the Adjutant General for three months, and he
had been attacked by this special committee, and
he had gone before the world on their reports
without one word in his behalf. Then he was
weak enought to dare, through the publication of
his testimony, to let the public know that he was
not gudty. Without being a member of General
Fremont's staff, although there is a man upon it
of my name, 1 take upon myself the lesponsibil-
ity of apologizing for General Fremont's mistake.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, a word about a personal matter,
which has been given much publicity by the elo-
quence of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] He denounced mc with once hav-
ing been on unfriendly terms with General Carn-
eion, and with not being m social intimacy with
him. As I have said already, I have not intro-
duced the name of General Cameron in this de-
bate. It is unpleasant to go into one's biography.
It is true, as the gentleman has said, before the
appointment of General Cameron to a place in the
Cabinet of Mr. Lincoln, f, together with eight or
ten others of my colleagues, waited on Mr. Lin-
coln and protested against his appointment as a
member of the Cabinet. We did not think that
lie was the proper person to go there, nor did we
think that lie had the capacity. We gave other
strong reasons why he should not be appointed.
It is true that those reasons did not appear very
