2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Morrill,
Powell, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilson of Massachusetts,
Snd Wright—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Cowan, Dixon,
Doolittle, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard,
Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Rice, Stark, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Missouri—23.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 20 of the newly printed
bill, line six of section thirteen, 1 move to strike
out " one hundred "and insert " fifty," and to in-
sert, after the word " next,"in thcsame line, the
words " from Atchison;" so as to read, " for fifty
miles in length next from Atchison."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I accept the amend-
ment so far as 1 can.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted, and I would inquire of
the Senator who moves the amendment where he
expects the Hannibal and St. Joseph road to con-
nect with the main line.
Mr. CLARK. Somewhere in the Kaw valley
near Topeka, as I am informed. I have not mi-
nute information myself in regard to the country,
but I am told by those who know the country that
it will reach the Kansas road somewhere near To-
peka.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouvi. The effect of the
amendment will be to destroy for any useful pur-
pose the St. Joseph branch. If wo are compelled
to connect with the main line, as it is termed, within
fifty miles of the town of Atchison, we must of
necessity make that connection by going south in-
stead of west. It will be perceived by an exam-
ination*^ the map of the country, as laid down
before us, that by St. Joseph is the most direct
connection to the point named as the starting point
of the main road, from several of the great central
States, particularly Pennsylvania and other States
in that direction. If the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road is permitted to connect with the main road
by a direct line, it will be the straiglitest and most
direct route from the city of New York to San
Francisco of any of the roads named in this bill;
but if we are forced to make the connection pro-
scribed by this amendment we are put out of the
direct line, because we cannot reach the main trunk
in fifty miles without going south to the Kansas
brancli, and if this amendment be adopted, for all
practical purposes the St. Joseph branch will be
destroyed. I hope it will not prevail.
If we are to be allowed a branch to connect with
the great eastern interests that are dependent upon
it, let us have a fair connection with the main stem
of the road, such a one as will be useful to the
whole country. The Hannibal and St. Joseph
railroad is the only eastern railroad that has yet
reached the Missouri river, and it will be several
years probably before any other road will reach
the Missouri river. I understand that the roads
in Iowa, which are expected to connect with this
main road, are yet many miles from the Missouri
river, and it may be some time before they can
reach that stream. Now, if the Hannibal road is
permitted to connect itself directly with the point
designated in this bill as the starting point of the
trunk line, it will be able to transport the material,
for the construction of the entire road. Indeed,
you will be dependent on the Hannibal road for the
transportation of material to build the entire line
across the mountains, because it is the only road
that has reached tile Missouri river, or that will
reach the river for some years to come, as I believe.
I hope the Senate will notadopt theamendment
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The effect of it is to draw this road further down
into Kansas; and that may be the object of the
Senator from Kansas. Heisnotto blame for trying
to do the best he can for his State; but while he
does this in this instance, he does great injustice
to a very largo portion of his own State, because
if our road is permitted to make its natural con-
nection, it passes through the very best portion
of Kansas.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust this amendment
will not be adopted. It is true, as stated by the
Senator from Missouri, that the Hannibal and St.
Joseph road is the only road that is now extended
out so as to be in communication with the enter-
prise that we are about to engage in. The Mis-
souri Pacific Railroad Company are a long distance
yet on tin's side of the west boundary of Missouri.
It was wrong, ill my judgment, when the com-
mittee agreed to force this line of connection down
to Atchison, and it will be still more wrong if it
is now forced further down by this limitation of
fifty miles. A road that has been first advanced,
that is now advanced the most, is to be thrown
off its legitimate direction by changing the dis-
tance from one hundred to'fifty miles. If it is con-
venient to make the connection within fifty miles
it will of course be done by the company; but on
looking at the map, and considering the character
of the country, there seems to be nothing in this
amendment but a purpose to make the Hannibal
and St. Joseph road, which is the only road now
built out to the frontiers of Missouri, subject to
the interests of the Kansas road. I think that
the Senators from Kansas will have accomplished
quite sufficient without interfering with one of the
great roads in the West, the one furthest advanced.
1 trust the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the Senator from
California to say that it makes this road subject
to the Kansas road. I cannot conceive how that
can be any more than it is made subject by the
bill. If you examine the bill, you will find that
the Hannibal and St. Joseph road is to run into
the Kansas road and connect with that.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I grant that, but let me
explain what I mean to say. 1 mean that by com-
pelling it to leave its proper direction and make an
angle southward off its line, almost in a right
angle to the South off its true line, you give the
advantage to the southern road, which is now
simply a thing inposse and not in esse.
Mr. CLARK. In regard to the direction, the
Senate have already adopted an amendment that
this road shall run down the Platte valley road to
Atchison. If you will consult the map, you will,
find that the amendment I move continues it in
the same direction. If it strikes Topeka, as I am
told it will, it does not deflect the line at all, but
makes it run down in the same direction that it
goes from St. Joseph to Atchison.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. By this limitation you
throw the St. Joseph road into our road east of
Fort Riley. The Senate has stricken out the con-
nection between Fort Leaven worth and FortRiley
by striking down the Leavenworth branch. By
adopting this amendment, you secure a commu-
nication direct from Fort Riley with the St. Jo-
seph road, and it is the only means we have of
doing it that I see.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment simply makes
the Hannibal and St. Joseph road unite earlier
with the Kansas road. It does not delay the work,
because you have got to wait until the Kansas
road is effected before you can transport railroad
iron or any materials for building the road out to
the main stem. My amendment does not make
any difference in regard to that, but it saves the
expense of this branch; it cuts off fifty miles of
it, and brings it fifty miles nearer to the main trunk
going in a southwest direction, and in the same
direction we have already given to it. That is
all there is in the proposition.
Mr. BROWNING. I shall be very sorry to
see this amendment adopted. There is no ques-
tion, I think, as suggested by the Senator from
Missouri, that it would be fatal to the St. Joseph
road, which it is perhaps not unreasonable to say
is among the most important, if not the most im-
portant, branch with which this great Pacific rail-
road will connect. If any Senator will take a map
of that portion of the continent that lies east of the
Rocky mountains, ho will see that Denver City,
in Colorado Territory; St. Joseph, on the Mis-
souri river; Quincy, on the Mississippi river;
Springfield, the capital of theStateof Illinois; In-
dianapolis, the capital of the State of Indiana;
Columbus, in Ohio; Pittsburg and Philadelphia,
in Pennsylvania, are all precisely, or very nearly
precisely, on the same parallel—a very few miles
will cover them all. Now, the proposed amend-
ment requires the road from St. Joseph to make
not quite a right angle, but to make an angle more
acute than an angle of forty-five degrees, to run
fifty miles south to connect with the road, and then
the road itself that it connects with passes quite
north of the place from which it started. This
road goes back north of the line between St. Jo-
seph and Denver City. When you are at St.
Joseph you are south of the line of the road with
which it is proposed to connect. The Senator
from New Hampshire proposes that they shall be
compelled to run south to make a connection with
a road, the main line of which lies north of them!
I think any one can see the impropriety of an
amendment of that sort. While the road with
which they are to connect lies to the north, the
Senator's amendment proposes to compel them to
run south to make the connection ! You go fifty
miles south, and you have to make that northing
again, travel the whole distance north, and still
further north, before you comc on the main line
of the road from which you have diverged.
There is another fact which I will state at this
time. I believe the only connection of the west-
ern Territories with the Missouri river is over
the St. Joseph road. The only direct connection
that the eastern States have with the Missouri
river, is over the St. Joseph road. There is a great
concentration of roads, as every one knows, at
Chicago, in Illinois. From Chicago to Quincy,
on the Mississippi river, is a line of road already
in operation, which has been in operation foryears,
connecting that point with all the eastern cities.
FromQ,uincy,on the Mississippi river, to Toledo,
in the State of Ohio, is another road connecting
with the eastern cities. These roadsform a junc-
tionjust before they reach the city of Q,uincy,and
cross the Mississippi river at Q,uincy, and continue
due west to St. Joseph, on the Missouri river. The
line is due west; they are on the same parallel as
the cities I have already mentioned in Illinois, In-
diana, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, upon the precise
same parallel; and yet in providing for the con-
struction of a great national work like this, where
the grcatobjectoughtto be to shorten the distances
and get a direct line, the Senator proposes to com-
pel them to run south and make a connection with
a road which lies to the north of them. Anyone
who will look at the map will see that the road
soon takes a direction that carries it up north of
St. Joseph; and if the main road goes to Denver
City, you even then get north of the line, for Den-
ver City is directly on the same parallel with St.
Joseph and all these other places. Where is the
propriety, for the purpose of saving fifty miles of
road, of compelling this line to make a right angle
and travel fifty miles south ? I think if this amend-
ment is made, I for one cannot vote for the bill,
but I do not know that that has any effect upon it.
The amendment so materially affects the value of
the bill, it so essentially impairs the importance
of that great central thoroughfare, that I cannot
support it. I have no objection to the roads that go
north and south of this*being connected with the
main stem; but this central tier of States, 1 think,
are entitled to this connection, and to this connec-
tion upon the directest line that can be had; and if
this amend ment is adopted it so materially impairs
the value of this great central route, that for one
I shall withdraw my support from the bill. I will
not go for it when such large interests of so im-
portant a portion of the country, the great agri-
cultural States of Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania, are sacrificed to branches that
lie north and south of them. The inducement for
me to give support to this bill will be taken away,
and I will not do it. It is really the destruction of
this road, which I look upon as quite as important
as any other. I make no invidious comparisons
between them, but it does traverse all these great
agricultural States right through their centers; and
yet it is to throw them off down through St. Louis
and still further south, running along the southern
border of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio on the one
hand, and up to Iowa, Minnesota, and Wisconsin
on the other, leaving the great central tier of States
out entirely.
Mr. CLARK. I greatly mistrust that the Sen-
ator from Illinois has not consulted the bill and
the map together.
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir, I have.
Mr. CLARK. The bill proposes that the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road shall unite with the
Kansas road one hundred miles out. That would
bring it into the Kansas road at Fort Riley. My
amendment proposes that they shall unite in fifty
miles, bringing the Hannibal branch into the Kan-
sas road at Topeka. Now, I ask the Senator from
Illinois how much further south Topeka is than
Fort Riley ?
Mr. BROWNING. The angle is a much more
acute one.
Mr. CLARK. That is not the question I put
to the Senator. How much further south, if he
pleases, is Topeka than Fort Rilev?
Mr. BROWNING. There is no provision in
the bill requiring a connection at either place.
