830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the question is
now upon reducing the appropriation of $76,000
for the Washington yard, for the next year, to
$26,000. I desire to have a vote taken upon that,
and then I will agree to the other amendment in-
dicated by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sedgwick.]
Mr. SEDGWICK. As I said before, I have
no objection to that, and that is my amendment
now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to know whether I
understand the question. Is it proposed to dimin-
ish the appropriation for the next year $50,000,
and increase the appropriation for the current
year $50,000?
Mr. SEDGWICK. That is the proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. Tljen the only question is as
to the policy of that course. I move to reduce
the amount one dollar, to enable me to say a word.
The only question is about changing the amount
appropriated for the respective years—whether
the money shall be expended now or hereafter.
It seems to me that it is incurring a large respons-
ibility to appropriate so large an amount, as said
'by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moor-
head,] to be expended between this and the 1st
of June; and under all the circumstances, it ap-
pears unwise. It must be manifest that this work
cannot be done as cheaply in Washington city,
where labor, rent, and everything are high, and
where the opportunities of approach are somewhat
difficult, and where transportation is very much
embarrassed. While there might be some local
issue between the great States of Massachusetts,
New York, and Pennsylvania, in reference to this
matter, when it comes to be a question affecting
the great Northwest, it becomes a question not of
expenditure merely, but one of naked economy,
and one in which the whole country is interested.
It seems to me, under the circumstances, and in
that view, the expenditure of this sum of money
between this time and June would be exceedingly
unwise.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is a question, then, in
the gentleman's mind, between expending the
money now for the purpose of carrying on the
war, and expending it when we get through.
When we shall have finished this war, I hope we
shall not want any more cannon. The time when
we want them is now. These guns are now in the
yard to be completed and finished, and they have
not the means to do it. It is that we may put
these guns on board of vessels we are building,
so that we can send them abroad now, that this
appropriation is necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to increase the amount
five dollars, in order that I may make a few re-
marks on the manner in which this appropriation
may be expanded.
1 observed, Mr. Chairman, beside the railroad
long lines of rough castings, unfinished cannons,
which have been brought many hundreds of miles,
from Pittsburg, West Point, and Massachusetts,
or wheresoever cannon may be cast, to be tumbled
into the mud of our streets, preparatory to being
carried to the lathes and boring machines at the
Washington navy-yard. These ponderous masses
of iron are thus brought many hundred miles by
the expensive carriage of the railroad, because
water carriage is cut off by the blockade, for the
purpose of being bored, rifled, and fitted for ser-
vice.
Now, sir, it seems to me if the product of all the
public or Government founderies, as well as that of
the private establishments,are to be brought to this
city to be finished, we shall need at least the five
dollats I ask for in my amendment. If it were
possible to ascertain the cost of tiansportation of
these guns from such distant points simply that
machinery at this place may operate upon them,
it would be found, I have no doubt, that in a sin-
gle season's operations it amounts to a larger sum
than would build apd properly equip an enor-
mous machine-shop at some point more central
than this yard, or more accessible, or less endan-
gered by foreign or domestic foes; or still better,
that it would place the lathe and boring tools be- i
side each and all of the founderies employed in the
casting of the guns. Is it not contrary to sound
business habits and common sense that cannon
cast at West Point, weighing three to five tons,
should be carried to a distant point, so distant a*
Washington, to be placed in hand, finished, and
sent back the same distance to be mounted in the
batteries of New York or Boston ? If it were in
my power, or it were in order to make such mo-
tion, I would divert this appropriation to the erec-
tion of machine-shops, lathes, and boring mills,
and all necessary appliances at New York, Phil-
adelphia, or other point convenient to the found-
eries, and put a stop to the foolish habits of the
past.
I have made these remarks mainly to call the
attention of the House and country to this non-
sensical practice of cairrying these enormous
masses of iron five hundred miles to the finishing
machinery, and at heavy expense passing them
through the machine-shops that line the whole
length of their travels, and dodging the sharp tools
and willing hands by thousands that hunger to get
at them, and here in the clumsy contrivances of a
Washington navy-yard converting the innocent
blank into the deadly Dahlgren or columbiad to
be carried back to the defense of the shops in
which they should have been finished. Having
accomplished my purpose, I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment to strike out §50,000 from the
appropriation for the Washington navy-yard for
the next fiscal year was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by add-
ing to the second section the following:
For the ordinance foundery at the Washington navy-
yard, $50,000.
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to say, in relation to
that amendment, what I have said in substance
before. There has been a great want of heavy
oidnanee, although the founderies in thecountiy,
from one extiemity of it to the other, have been
taxed to the utmost in their production. There
has been, within the last few days, a number of
gentlemen in this city from various points of the
sea-coast, urging the immediate arming of the
various forts built there, with the heaviest kind
of ordnance, for the protection of our harbors.
Mr. E. A. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, in
order that the committee may understand this
appropriation, I will ask of the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, whether this is an
increase of the appropriation in a previous part of
the bill of over five millions of dollars for ord-
nance and ordnance supplies?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not propose to inter-
fere with that. That is an appropriation for the
next year commencing the 1st of July, 1862. I
am talking about the immediate necessity of ord-
nance to be used before the 1st of July next. It
is required to put armaments upon our vessels,
and to put our forts in a condition to resist any
enemy. It is absolutely necessary, if we desire to
put them in aconditionof defense, that they should
bo armed. Bare walls without guns and ships
without guns arc of little account in modern war-
fare. Wo want g#ns of a heavy character for im-
mediate use.
Mr. HOLMAN. What was the amount of the
appropriation for the present year for that pur-
pose? I understand that the amount now asked
is for the present year.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am notable to state what
the appropriation was for this year without re-
fering to the law. The representation of the De-
partment is, that they ought to have guns of a
heavy character for present use. There has been
added to the Navy one hundred and fifty vessels
and more, and the armaments of many of the old
vessels have been changcd for heavier armaments
that will be of more setvice. You will perceive,
from the accounts that we are receiving every day,
that while ourgunboats with nine-inch and eleven-
inch guns are capable of reducing any fort that
they can get in range of, and sinking any fleet that
they may meet, they are themsehes unharmed.
At the late action in Albemarle sound the whole
fleet sent down from Norfolk has been absolutely
destroyed or taken by our gunboats, while not a
single vessel of the United States received any in-
jury. That is because our gunboats are armed
with nine-inch and eleven-inch guns, which arc
capable of doing execution at a distance at which
the ordinary armaments of their ships and forts
cannot reach. It is fur the purpose of enabling the
Department to complete the woik of aiming our
vessels and forts with this species of armament
that this appropriation is now asked for. The
Navy Department thinks that it is nccessnry. I
think that it is necessary, and I hope that the ap-
propriation will be granted.
Mr. HOLMAN. The appropriation for the
fiscal year ending July next for ordnance was
$3,000,000. Now what information has the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs as to what
portion of that appropriation has been expended?
I would like to know also whether this appropri-
ation is based upon the estimates of the Depart-
ment?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The appropriation is based
upon the estimate of the Navy Department. I
have a letter from the Secretary of the Navy urg-
ing the making of this appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. May I inquire what portion
of the §3,000,000 already appropriated for this
purpose for this year has been expended ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Of course the whole of that
appropriation has been expended, or this appro-
priation would not now be necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out one doU
lar, in order to say a few words on this subject.
Mr. Chairman, the appropriation for the pres-
ent fiscal year was $3,937,000, or nearly four mil-
lion dollars, for cannon, powder, &c. I do not see
anywhere in the estimates that the Department
has asked for more. If there be any such request
on the part of the Department at this session as
that stated by the gentleman, I certainly have not
seen it. It may have been made and sent to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I think, therefore,
before we vote this $1,000,000 of deficiency, after
having voted $4,000,000 for this year, that we
ought to give the question more consideration.
We ought to know exactly how much is necessary.
I would like to know, also, how that $4,000,000 has
been expended. If it has not all been expended,
] should like to know how much of it has been
expended. I withdiaw my amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to add to the amend-
ment the following:
And such portion thereof as may be necessary to arm the
Jollifications on the lakes shall be expended for that pur-
pose.
Mr. Chairman, I do not doubt at all the neces-
sity for a large increase of heavy ordnance, not
only for the Navy Department, but for arming
the fortifications upon the sea-board and upon the
lakes. But I would like to ask whether this is
intended as a substitute for the bill introduced in
the Senate appropriating $1,000,000 for the estab-
lishment of a national foundery in New York?
Is it intended to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to use this appropriation for any such pur-
pose as that?
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is not intended for any
such purpose; but it is for the purpose of procur-
ing from any foundery in the country the heavy
ordnance needed at this time.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, there areprop-
isitions before the Senate and before this body for
the establishment of national founderies that will
enable the Government to furnish itself with ord-
nance; and I prefer, sir, that this amendment
should not be adopted in the present condition of
legislation on that subject. Let it come, if the
Government needs more ordnance than is provided
by the appropi iation for this year, as an amend-
ment to the bill for the establishment of a national
foundery. Let it be regularly estimated for, and
let the appropriation be regularly made. I hope,
sir, that no additional appropriation will be made
in this bill, because it may, in my judgment, inter-
fere with the proposition which will be presented
for the establishment of a national foundery. I
hope the gentlemen who think that the public inter-
est requires the establishment of a national found-
ery, whether east or west of the mountains, will not
embarrass that measure by the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The great harbors of the
Atlantic coast are entirely destitute of any such
guns as will stand for one day the assault of an
enemy. There arc not twenty guns mounted to
defend the harbor of Philadelphia; and the great
harbor atNarragansctt bay, where we have erected
an expensive fortification—Fort Adams—is en-
tirely destitute of any such guns as are competent
to defend that harbor. Such is the case with Port-
land and with Boston. These guns are required
for vise now.
j The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] op-
i poses the amendment because it does notcontem-
! plateagreaf national foundery in order to have
