2814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
the repayment to the United States as hereinafter
proviued of the amount of said bonds so issued
and delivered to said company, together with all'
interest thereon which shall have been paid by the
United States," there shall be a lien on the line of
th£ road. The language is "as hereinafter pro-
vided." The only provision is setting apart five
per cent, of the net proceeds, so that if you leave
if> these words you have nothing really as a secu-
rity for your bonds unless you get your pay in
the carrying of the mails, &c., and if you do not
get that service it goes for nothing. The repay-
ment is to be" as hereinafter provided,"ana the
subsequent provision is forcarrying the mails and
Government supplies.
Then, in the next clause of the section, it is
provided: "and on the refusal or failure of said
company to redeem said bonds or any partofthem,
when required so to do by the Secretary of the
Treasury in accordance with the provisions of
this act, the said road" shall be forfeited; that is
to say, if they do not carry the Governmentfreight
and set apart the five per cent., then indeed you
may take the road when it is ascertained not to be
good for anything; but there is no provision here
that you shall have your bonds repaid if the road
goes into successful operation. There is no pro-
vision that the Government shall ever have pay in
any other way than by carrying its freight and
mails, and the five per cent, of the net proceeds.
Now, this should be what it purports to be, a se-
curity for the repayment of the loan if the road
shall be a successful operation. 1 want no duplic-
ity about it. My motion is to strike out, in the
fourteenth line of the section, the words " as here-
inafter provided," and in the twenty-fourth, twen-
ty-fifth,and twenty-sixth linos, the words " when
required so to do by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in accordance with the provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill, on the
4th page, in the seventy-third line,by striking out
the words'Mess than one share or" before" more;"
so us to rend:
Which shall be subscribed ami held in not more than two
hundred shares by any one person, &e.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not see the object of
the amendment. Will the Senator state the object?
Mr. IiOWE, In the first place, I do not see any
objection to allowing two men to subscribe for one
share of stock, if they please. In the next place,
some person owning one share of the stock may
die and leave two or three heirs, who could not
take it under the clause as it stands, because they
could not take the whole.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I make no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I gave notice this morn-
ing that the Senate having passed the proposition
to reserve twenty-five and fifteen per cent., I should
ask the Senate to exclude from the mortgage to the
Governmentorthelienontheroad the rolling stock
of the road. If there is no objection, I should like
to have that amendment made; but if there is, I
shall not insist upon it.
Mr. HOWE and others. There is objection.
Mr. CLARK. The provision was inserted after
two hours' debate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not insist on it
Mr. HOWE. I move further to amend the bill
on the 4th page by striking out all after the word
"commissioners," in the seventy-eighth line,
downto"represonted,"in the ejghticthline. The
words to be stricken out are, " with power to add
to their number by the appointment of not more
than two additional commissions s for any State
or Territory not herein represented."
Mr. McI)OUGrALL. 1 should like to hear a
reason for the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. The reason is simply this: rep-
resenting the people of theUnited States, we have
proposed here a list of corporators; we represent
all the States that are represented in Congress.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They are not corporators;
they are simply commissioners; they have nothing
to do but organize the company, and therefore i
do not see the importance of the amendment.
Mr. HOWE. We have proposed all the names
we care to put in, or shall have done so by the
time the bill comes to a vote on its final passage.
Now, it does not seem to me right to empower
this body of men in their own discretion to add to
their number, if we compelled them to add a
given number of men from each of the States,
there would be some propriety in that; but I do
not see why we should not put in the bill all the
names we want there. We undertake to know
what our several States want in this matter. Why
we should advertise these commissioners to add
to the number, I do not understand. I do not
know what good purpose can be subserved by it.
The number is large enough to act as a board of
commissioners unquestionably. If any Senator
can assign any good reason why this authority
should be reserved to the commissioners, I shall
withdraw the motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator, in the first place, that when the bill was
drawn there were several States from which no
persons were named; Rhode Island had no rep-
resentative, and several other States in the North
had no representative. I suggest to the Senate
again that Tennessee has not got any now. She
may have occasion to have some; anaother States
may desire to have representatives there and be
admitted at a meeting simply for organization. It
is a matter of no importance; but it would be at
least civil if the other States in the Union had rep-
resentatives there to be invited into the action of
the board of commissionei-s.
Mr. HOWE. Tennessee is representedin this
Legislature—not at this time on this floor, but in
the other House.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I meant to say in the bill.
Suppose it should be desirable to invite in two
commissioners from Tennessee, is there any ob-
jection to it?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, if it is proposed here.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is all the provision
amounts to. U has nothing to do with the sub-
stance of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. Some States havealarge number
of representatives; others have but few. This
clause will authorize those States that have the
most to add to the number from their own States,
if they see fit. I am not going to suspect them of
any such design, but I do not see the slightest ad-
vantage in conferring any such authority upon
them. It seems to me it had better be stricken
out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the less said about
it the better. It cannot possibly do harm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill further,
on page 10, at the end of line thirteen of section
six, by inserting the words " and equipped;" so
as to read:
And if it shall appear to him that foity consecuuvc miles
of said railroad and telegraph line have been completed and
equipped in all respects, &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill further,
on the next page, in the fourth line of the fifth
section, by inserting the words " and equipment"
after the word " completion."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. ] move to amend the bill
on the 18th page, section eleven, line six, after the
woid " mountains," to insert " said points to be
fixed by the President of the United States;" so
that it will read:
That for three hundred miles of said load most mount-
ainous and difficult of constiuction, to wit: one hundred
and fifty miles \ve=itwaulJy fiom the eastern base of tiie
Rocky mountains, and one hundred and iifty miles east-
vvardly iiom the western base of the Sierra Nevada mount-
ains, said points to be fixed by the President of the United
States, the bonds to be issued, &.c.
It will be perfectly obvious that it is neccssary
to have some authority to fix this point. Where
I the base of the mountain is to be found is of course
; a matter to be decided Ipy some one. Is it to be
| left to the contractors, to the companies, or is it
I to be left to some disinterested party? Evidently
| it should be left to the Government of the United
| States. I do not think it necessary to go further
; into an explanation. The necessity for it is ob-
! vious. I think it should be settled by the Pres-
! ident.
i The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to offer an amend-
' ment to this bill to which I ask the special attention
j of Senators. The effect of it is to grant ninety-
[ three per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of the
alternate sections of public lands upon the North-
ern Pacific railroad route, reserving the seven per
I cent, which is estimated to be the amount that will
cover the expense' of surveying and selling the
lands and locating the route, so that there will be
no money whatever expended by the Government.
I do not wish to occupy the attention of the Senate
in making a speech on the subject. 1 simply de-
sire to state the provisions of the amendment, and
then I shall submit it to the sense of the Senate.
I think it is but just that we should at this time
give this grant at least for the benefit of the north-
ern route.
The first section provides for the appointment
of three engineers to locate the route, who are to
be appointed by the President and to have a salary
at the rate of $2,500 a year. The route is to begin
at Superior, on Lake Superior, in the State of Wis-
consin; thence to a point on the west line of the
State of Minnesota, by the most eligible railroad
route, having reference to connections with the
railroad system of that State; thence by the most
eligible route within the Territories of the United
States to the navigable waters of the Columbia
river, with a branch to Puget Sound to be de-
nominated the Northern Pacific railroad route.
Before entering on the discharge of their duty, the
engineers are to be sworn that they have no per-
sonal interest to be in any wise affected by the
location of the route which they are about to sur-
vey and locate, and that they will survey and lo-
cate the route of the railroad on the most eligible
route, reference being had to shortness, feasibil-
ity, economy, and the public interest.
To aid in the construction of a railroad on this
North Pacific railroad route, the second section
appropriates and sets apart the proceeds of the
sales of the alternate sections of public land for
the space of twenty miles on each side of the road
from its eastern to its western terminus, to be se-
lected from the sections designated in the public
surveys by odd-numbers. But if this route shall
be found on the same line on which there may be
any railroad route within Minnesota, to aid m the
construction of which lands have been heretofore
granted by the United States, so far as the routes
are on the same general line, no proceeds of the
sales of the public lands are, under this act, to
be appropriated and set apart under this section.
In all cases where the United States may have
disposed of the lands or any part of them, the de-
ficiency is to be made up from the sales of any of
the odd-numbered sections within the distance of
forty sections on either side of the road. All min-
eral lands are excluded from the operation of this
act, and in their stead a like quantity of unoccu-
pied and unappropriated agricultural lands nearest
to the line of the road may be selected in alternate
sections.
Then, the next section provides that the board
of engineers shall proceed without, delay to locate
the general route of the road and report to the
President, who is to cause the public lands, to the
cxtentof forty miles on each side of the route, to
be surveyed and the Indian title to be extinguished.
It provides at the same time that these lands shall
remain under the operation of the preemption laws
at all times, subject to be entered and preempted;
those lying within ten miles of the road at the sum
of $2 50 an acre, and those lying more than ten
miles from the route of the road at $1 50 an acre;
so that there will be no monopoly of the public
lands by any company whatever. They are open
to settlement.
The next section provides that the railroad shall
be divided into sections of twenty-five miles each,
and that the proceeds of the sales of the lands are
to be paid to the State or Territory through which
the road is located, as follows: whenever one sec-
tion shall be completed and put into successful op-
eration, the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by
his warrant on the Treasury, pay over to the State
or Territory one half of the proceeds of the sales
of the lands pertaining to the section so completed,
and which was reserved for that purpose, retain-
ing the other half until the completion of the en-
tire road from Lake Superior to the Columbia river
with the branch to Puget Sound; and when the
next section is completed, m like manner, the
same payment is to be again made in the same
way. The other half of the proceeds of the sales
is to remain in the Treasury of the United States
to be the bonus to be paid over to the companies
which may complete the entire railroad route
through to the Pacific ocean, and it is to bo paid in
proportion to the cost of these various sections
over and above the amount paid to the State or
