1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
IN SENATE. .
Tuesday, Jlpril 29, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented ti memorial of woolen
manufacturers, agents, and overseers, remonstra-
ting against the " bill to provide internal revenue
and pay interest on the public debt," so far as it
relates to woolen manufactures, and praying that
it may be so modified that it may secure equality
and justice; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Gun Plain, Allegan county, Michigan,
praying for the construction of a ship canal be-
tween Lake Michigan and the Mississippi river;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Moscow, Hillsdale county, Michigan, praying
for the passage of a general uniform bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES presented nine memorials of
citizens of the loyal States, remonstrating against
the proposed tax of one dollar a barrel on" beer,
and praying that it may be reduced; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oswego, Kendall county, Illinois, pray-
ing for the construction of a ship canal from Lake
Michigan to the Mississippi river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
the Militia.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of Lebanon, Ohio, praying for the confiscation of
the property of traitors; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Richland county, Wisconsin, praying for
the construction of a ship canal from Lake Mich-
igan to the Mississippi river; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition of
Adjutant Geneial Thomas and others, officers of
the Army, praying that the mother of the late
Majoi Theodore Talbot may be granted a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 253) to create a Bureau of
Transportation, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 258) to create
a Bureau of Clothing, reported it with amend-
ments.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clei k, announced that the
ftouse had passed a bill (No. 391) to punish the
practice of polygamy in the Territories of the
United States, and other places, and disapprov-
ing and annulling certain acts of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Utah; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was lequested.
SLAVE OWNERS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer the
following order for adoption:
Resoke.d, That the Secretaiy of the Senate bo direutod
to tiansimt the communication made to the Senate In the [
Secretary of the intend on the 21th mutant, touching the j
enuiiiotatioi! of slaves in the Di-iuct of Columbia, with the '■
pap.'i- accompany mi; the same, under ai-ul, to the commis-
sioners appointed under the late emancipation act ot Con-
gress, ibr the tiM- of said eimnm-wonon-.
This order merely directs that the Secretary ot
the Senate shall transmit the communication of
the Secretary of the Interior, with the aceomoa- !
nying paper1?, under .seal, to the commissioners i
appointed under the recent jaw, for the use of that j
commission. !
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the chairman
of the committee whether lie lias eonsideied care-
fully the expediency of publishing that commu-
nication with the statistics.
Mr. GRIMES. The subject of the publication
of the report was not very much considered in the
committee. I read it myself, and I did not think
it would be of very essential benefit to us. It
might be of some practical benefit to the commis-
sion, but I do not think it would be of any benefit
to the Senate or to the country at large. It would
furnish some data to the members of the commis-
sion upon which to act; otherwise it would be of
no essential benefit to anybody.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it lie
over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY COMPANY.
Mr. GRIMES. I am also directed by the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
265) to incorporate the Mount Olivet Cemetery
Company in the District of Columbia, to report it
back with an amendment. It is a very small mat-
ter, and I will ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It creates Edward A. Knight, Charles J.
White, and Charles D. Bowling, and their suc-
cessors, a body politic and corporate by the name
and title of " The Mount Olivet Cemetery Com-
pany," by which name they may have perpetual
succession.
The bill, through several sections, minutely
gives powers and prescribes and limits their ex-
ercise for the purposes contemplated.
The amendment reported by the committee was
in section one, line^eleven, after the word " may,"
to strike out the words " increase the number of
corporators," and to insert the words " associate
with them such other persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was rcpoi ted to the Senate,as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
CONSUL GENERAL FOR PACIFIC PORTS.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foiei n Iterations be
instructed to ni(|mie into the necessity of creaiinir a consul
neneiai loi the Pacific pons, as recommended bv the Sec-
retary ot" the Trcasuiy and Filth Auditoi, in then annual
repoit.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a hill (S. No. 288) to amend an act entitled " An
act to confiscate property used for insurrectionary
purposes," approved August 6, 1861; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 289) to
facilitate the dischaige of enlisted men for phys-
ical disability; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
291) providing for the issuing of process to, and
the service of the same by indifferent persons;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
EDUCATION OF COLORED CHILDREN.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
290) providing for the education of eolored chil-
dren in the city of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. In order that there may be no
misapprehension as to what this bill seeks, I de-
sire to say now, before it is referred, that, accord-
ing to the census of 1860, there are three thousand
one hundred and seventy-two colored children in
this District. The amount of real estate then and
now owned by colored persons within the Dis-
trict is ri value $650,000. There is now levied a
tax upon that property amounting to $36,000.
The school tax, as 1 understand, is ten per centum
of that amount, or ^3,600, which goes to the sup-
port of schools which are devoted exclusively to
the education of white children. This bill simply i
provides that the tax which is lowed on the prop- |
erty of colored persons shall be used exclusively I
in the education of colored children. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3. No.
292) for the collection of direct taxes in insur-
rectionary districts within the United States, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is in substance the
same bill which I once before introduced to the
Senate, and which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and was reported back to the Senate
and laid upon the table; but by some accident it
has been postponed indefinitely, the mover I have
no doubt not knowing what the nature of the bill
was. I move that it be printed, and laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if this differs from the
bill originally introduced?
Mr. DOOLITTLJ3. It is that bill with some
modifications.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 391) to punish the practice of polygamy in
the Territories of the United States, and other
places, and disapproving and annulling certain
acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah, was lead twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
OLIVER SPENCER WOOD.
Mr. THOMSON. I ask the permission of the
Senate to call up Senate bill No. 282, which will
give rise to no debate. It is a very short and very
plain bill for the relief of Oliver Spencer Wood,
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The report which is very short explains the case.
I move that the bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
282) for the relief of Oliver Spencer Wood was
lead the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to ex-
amine and settle, on principles of equity, the ac-
counts of Oliver Spencer Wood, late temporary
naval stoiukeeper for the United States squadron
on the African station, and to make him such al-
lowances, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Navy, as under the circumstances shall ap-
pear to them reasonable and just, not to exceed
the deficiencies with which he now stands charged,
amounting to the sum of $1,620 97.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time. Itwas read the third time,andpasscd.
FRANCIS HUTTMANN.
Mr. CHANDLER. T move to take up House
bill No. 406. It will lead to no discussion, and
will not occupy more than one minute of the time
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 406) for the relief of Francis Huttmann was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Sccietary of the Treasury
to adjust the claim of Francis Huttmann for re-
turn of tonnage and light duties illegally exactcd
and paid by him on the Peruvian barkCallao, at
the port of San Francisco, California, on the 5th
day of September, 1848, amounting to $124 80,
and also import duties collectcd in excess upon
the cargo of the vessel, amounting to the sum of
$350 16, and to pay him the amount due.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
NAVY CONTRACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that, if there are no further bills to be in-
troduced, the business first in order is the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour of yesterday,
which is House joint lesokuion No. 66, author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to discharge con-
tractors with his Department when they have
furnished the amount est;mated, in their contracts,
and fifty percent, additional.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the resolu-
tion I offered a few days ago, directing the Sec-
