THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGIIESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KITES, WASHING-TON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1862.
New Series $o. 53:
it be not needed. It is simply a setting apart of
$15,000,000 for the building of gunboats if the ex-
igencies of the country shall requne them. Does
not my friend, the "Hamilchar" of Illinois, [Mr.
Lovejov,] who told us that lie was going to swear
his "Hannibal "to eternal hatred of England, know
that England is busy in all her dockyards and ship-
yards building vessels available, if not intended,
to assail our widely extended and badly defended
sea-coast. Our treatiesbindusagainsthavingmore
than a limited naval force on our lakes—one ves-
sel and one gun to each lake, I believe; but they do
not bind England not to line our coast with ileets
of gunboats and war steamers to be thrown upon
the lakes through the Montreal canals.
It was but last night that I received a letter
from a distinguished friend, now in England, say-
ing, "do not deceive yourselves. The governing
classes of England, with Palmerston at their head,
are willing if not anxious to go to war with you."
And the one power which we can create to resist
them, is just the power to the creation of which
these $15,000,000 are to be set apart; and I am,
therefore, large as the sum is, in favor of putting
it at the disposal of the Secretary of the Navy for
this purpose.
Sir, the integrity of the Secretary of the Navy,
his administrative ability, and the energy of the
Department need no vindication; and if they did,
it would be found in the fact that the name of
Morgan is associated with his on every lip which
seeki to assail him or his Department, as it marks
the only assailable instance that can bo discovered
in the present Secretary's administration of the
suddenly expanded affairs of his Department.
With all the scrutiny and searchinginvestigations
we are so properly making to detect corruption
or imbecility in the Departments, I believe that
but this one questionable instance can be traced
to the Navy Department.
No w, with such a Department to confide the mat-
ter to , and with such a possible exigency demand-
ing the construction of additional naval power,
I do not see how gentlemen can hesitate about
making this appropriation. I shall sustain it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am free to say that I was re-
joiced when the honorable-chairman of Naval
Affairs reported the amendment appropriating
$15,000,000 to the building and equipment of these
additional war vessels, and I was better satisfied
when the Secretary of the Navy desenbed them
as to be of light draught, swift steamers, and to be
armed by a few guns of the largest caliber, thus
forming the most effective war vessel, in my opin-
ion. Sometime ago the fashion ran in the direction
of the largest sized men-of-war. And the three-
decker, with her hundred or more guns, floated
the terror of the seas; but the introduction of the
heavy Dahlgren, and eleven, twelve, or thirtcen-
inch shell guns, throwing shells of that size laden
with tire and destruction to the largest ship, has
'led naval men to question the wisdom of the old
many-decked, wall-sided, leviathans of the deep,
and they look now to the low single-decked ves-
sel to avoid this teriible fire by exposure of little
surface, or by iron and steel armor to shield them-
selves from the effects of the shells; and I have
no doubt that further experience will confirm the
wisdom of the Secretary's recommendation to in-
crease the number of truly foimidable vessels, such
as we are now launching from our navy-yards,
and entitled gunboats, ships of one thousand tons,
high-speeded piopellers, or side-wheel steamers,
with limited crews, and armed with five or six
guns, whose shot will batter the ribs of the War-
rior or Black Pnnce in spite of her four and a half
inch armor.
A short time since, at the launching of one of
these gunboats,and viewing her truly formidable
armament, I inquired of a naval officer his opinion
as to her capacity to meet a certain fifty-eight gun
frigate that had, in threatening style and parade,
left the clocks of England for our coast. He re-
plied that, "with that gunboat, thus armed, he
would blow her out of water." And I do not re-
gard this as an idle boost; for I believe the old-
fashioned Nclsonian fifty and seventy-four gun-
53
ships, whether sailing or screw, armed with their
twenty-four, thirty-six, and forty-eight pounders,
are no match for the agile, handy, long-reaching
modern gunboat, with her eleven inch shell trav-
erse guns.
Sir, I am satisfied that this appropriation of
$15,000,000, the increased activity of our ship-
yards consequent thereon, and the launching of
one hundred and fifty^such war ships as I have
described, added to the twenty armored ships of
larger power, and the sudden equipment of the
Navy that already, at Port Royal and Roanoke,
is reviving the memories of 1814, will furnish
ground for serious thought and cogitation to the
gruff old bull-dog who has been snarlingand snap-
ping at us during tins rebellion. The naval mind
of England will hesitate before she invites the
humiliations so sure to follow a contest with a
young and poweiful competitor. She will remem-
ber that in our last war she laughed to scorn the
idea of a contest with her thousand ships. She
scouted our Navy, and spoke playfully or deri-
sively of our " fir-built frigates." Her Javas,
Guerrieres, Macedonians, Peacocks, &c., struck
to the gallant Decatur, Jones, Bainbridgc, Biddle,
and a bright list of heroic names, who knocked the
gilt-work off their dandy ships, and the conceit
out of their stupid heads. John sought a reason,
and evei since has stood ready to argue the point
with us. Labored arguments were made on our
cheating them in the rating of our ships, or in the
superior weight of metal, or, as the Times has re-
viewed the argutnenf, that our ships had a por-
tion of English sailors to handle the ship and serve
the guns. Poor fools; did they forget that their
whole crew was of English breed, and that they
might have been worse whipped had our crews
been entirely of Yankee blood.
Permit me to prophecy that if England, in her
greed of cotton or lust of power rushes into a war
with this country, she will be put more to her
" wits end "to account for the result than she was
when she grappled with our infant Navy in 1812.
In our great commercial marine we have the sure
foundation of naval supremacy, and our fleet of
whale ships is the best naval school in the world;
while the nosing in of the western gunboats right
up to the fire of Fort Henry shows that the fresh
water sailor, so often laughed at, has the stuff in
him of which heroes are made. We have in plenty
what Franco and Russia need to make thein first
class naval Powers—trained sailors. Give us the
ships and the guns,and these boys will take right
good care of the honor of the stars and stripes.
To the honor of the American sailor be it said
they have never allowed our nation's flag to be
struck in dishonor.
England respects force, and only force, and it is
with force I 'Would confront her. I vote these
millions, and other millions as the Department
may need them, to put down this rebellion, as well
as to enforce the respect of that people and Gov-
ernment who have, by dismembeiment, sought
the destruction of our Union and national exist-
ence.
So far as England is concerned, it is wise to
prepare for the worst. Avoiding all just cause of
war by dealing justly and temperately with her
selfishness and greed, let us move onward to sub-
jecting this rebellion to the dominion of the Con-
stitution and the laws; and if England presumes
to interfere by but the laying of a finger on the
cause of quarrel, then let us invite her to the death-
lock—a war for existence and the dominion of the
seas.
Sir, this same England vastly estimates her mil-
itary power for mischief against us, save m a mo-
ment such as the present, when our energies are
directed against an internal foe; but even now I
am satisfied that her hostility and open enmity
are less to be apprehended than her oveireachmg ;
and greedy friendship. Nations have been mined j
by hei traders moie effectually than by her sol-
diers. Her yard-stieks are more to be dreaded
than her bayonets. A wisely-adapted tariff has
or will relieve us of the former danger. The
passage of the present appropriation will go far to
shield us from the last. Therefore I hold that the
recommendation of the honorable Secretary is emi-
nently wise and well timed. I shall vote for it
with an earnest hope that it will become a law.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the remarks of the gentle-
men from Pennsylvania [Messrs. Kelley and
Davis] be taken as an indication of the intended
use of these gunboats, to wit, to defend the United
States against the hostility of England, I would
vote $15,000,000, or twice that sum; but I do
not think that such is the purpose when it is re-
membered that we gave up our captives on the
demand of England, and made an'apology for
sinking blockading stone vessels.
Mr. SHELL ABARGER. Mr. Speaker, IJiave
no doubt that at the proper time this House will
vote the appropriations asked for by the chairman
on the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Navy; but I ask the House whether this matter
is not brought up in an unusual and improper way.
Heretofore, when we have been asked to vote ad-
ditions to our Navy, the proposition has come to
us in the shape of bills which disclosed the mag-
nitude and character of the additions required by
the Department. A bill was reported at this ses-
sion in which was designated the extent and char-
acter of the addition contemplated and required.
Now, I submit to the distinguished gentleman
from New York and to the House whether it is
not a dangerous mode of adding to the naval, or
any other force of the United States, by introdu-
cing the proposition, as has been well said by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmanj] in the
shape of an unqualified and undefined appropria-
tion of money. If that committee will report to
this House a bill providing the number, charac-
ter, cost, and the place of service of these addi-
tions to the Navy, I have no doubt that the House
will vote it in consideration of the distinguished
service that the Navy has rendered to the country
in our recent victories. The gentleman will ic-
membcr that we have a large, interest, local in its
character, it may be, but also of a national char-
acter, in the western rivers. We would like to
know how many of these gunboats arc to be built
there? We would like to know whether they are
to be iron-clad or not? What will be their draught?
Where will they be constructed, and where will
they be located ? Under whose directions will they
be constructed? All these things, sir, I conceive
to be legitimate subjects of inquiry by the House
of Representatives. I hope that the gentleman
will allow us the privilege to pass upon them, as
I deem that to be the right of the House. We
want to know where they will be placed? We
want especially to know the charactcr of the pro-
posed gunboats? We may not be as able to judge
as the Secretary of the Navy, but still it is our
right to judge in the best way that we can. I do
not think that anything will be lost by the dqkiy
of having this question considered by the com-
mittee, and reported m the shape of a bill. I do
not think that any injury will result to the coun-
try.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from New York,
the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, is of the first moment at this time.
1 desire to say a few words m relation to it, not
that I can add to the information already before
the committee, but 1 wish to express my own
views on the subject.
It will be admitted that our Navy is inadequate
to the wants of the country, when we consider
our vast commercial marine, whitening every sea
with its sails, our long coast line on two occans,
and upon the Gulf: our hundreds of bays, rivers,
and harbors, as well as our northern lakes, great
inland seas m themselves. For, notwithstanding
the sneers of a foreign press, and the ravings of
rebels, I insist that we are now,and will continue
to be, m all that constitutes true greatness and
national might, the first Power of the earth.
But, sir, there aic other reasons why our Navy
should be increased. The exigencies of the time
demand it. We have a formidable rebellion on
our hands, and although its proportions arc rap-
