2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
having charge of this measure, representing my
committee, to object most absolutely to this amend-
ment; for I think it will endanger the entire meas-
ure. I should be very glad to see the Senator's
proposition adopted at some other time; but I
think now it would endanger this entire measure.
It is not germane to the bill; it was not a measure
that was undertaken in the House and sent from
the House to the Senate; and it ought not at this
time to be brought forward. It would lead to a
discussion in detail, and embarrass the whole bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise to discuss it.
I ask simply to have the sense of the Senate upon
it. I hope the Senate will put it in, and let it go
to the House of Representatives. If the House
should no,t feel inclined to act uDon it at this time,
I pledge myself to the honorable Senator that I
shall make no struggle upon its remaining upon
the bill, if it is in any way likely to defeat his
measure.
ThePRESIDtNGOFFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The question is on the amendment presented by
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that question I will
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Davis, Doolittle,
Foot, Grimes, Harlan, Howe, JSTesnmh. Powell, Rice, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—15.
NAVS—Messrs. Browning, Clark, Dixon, Fessenden,
Foster, Uale, Harris, Henderson, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Latham, MeDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Sherman, Stark, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Willey,
Wilmot, and Wright—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire simply to say that
I shall introduce this as an independent measure,
as a bill by itself, as I find that many gentlemen
were constrained to vote against it, because they
thought it would embarrass the present bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment on
page 11, section five, line fourteen, striking out,
after the word " States," the words " as herein-
after provided," and the amendment in lines
twenty-four, twenty-five, and twenty-six of the
same section, striking out the words " when re-
quired so to do by the Secretary of the Treasury
in accordance with the provisions of this act,"
were agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Were those two amendments
adopted in one vote ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear the last part of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I make this
motion because I am in favor of passing a bill that
will build a road. I shall vote for the bill if the
reconsideration is not agreed to; but in my judg-
mentthisamendnientwill defeatthe road. Instead
of being a security to the United States, it is my
opinion it is taking security away from the United
States. We propose to embark in building a Pa-
cific railroad. It is the interest of the United States
to induce the capital ofthiscountry to go into that
road. Every dollar put into that road is so much
security to the United States. Every provision
of this bill that prevents the capitalists of the coun-
try from putting money into the road is so much
against the United States. If we embark in this
road and put millions of dollars in it, we shall go
through with it if it costs tens of millions more
than you find in this bill. The great object is to
make a bill that shall bring into the road the cap-
ital of the coun try, and in my j udgment this amend-
ment. repels capital. You provide in the bill that
the road shall do certain woik for the Government
by way of payment—carry the mails, munitions of
war,&c. You have a security in the bill that when
the Secretary of the Treasury gives notice, you can
take possession of the road. Now you strike out
these provisions, these guards, and make it abso-
lute that if this road cannot redeem these bonds, the
road is iorfeited, and the Government takes pos-
session. There is notaman in America who will
put a dollar in the road under such circumstances.
I do not believe there is a dollar in the United
States that wilt go in that road with that ptoviso;
and if there bo none, what have you got? You
have gat no security, or if there be any, but very
little. I believe that it is the most fatal amend-
ment that could be adopted, and if it stands in that
bill the bill is not worth the paper on which it is
written. That is my judgment in regard to the
amendment, and I therefore move the reconsider-
ation. I move it because I want to make a bill
that shall make a road. I want so to frame the
bill as to induce the capitalists of the country to
invest their money in the road, to induce those
who have commercial interests, those who have
railway interests to see to it that thisioad is built.
Every dollar we can bring into the road is so much
contributed towards building the road and is so
much saved to the Treasury of the United States.
I hope these amendments will be reconsidered.
Mr. COLLAMER. These amendments were
made on my motion. If we look alone at the idea
that we are to sequester and set apart to this road
the means of building it as a Government, and
only call in the aid of individuals for the purpose
of carrying forward the enterprise for their inter-
est, there should be no provision about paying
back anything. This bill holds out this idea, and
we have heard it at every stage of the debate, that
this was a loan and only a loan. I can suppose
that it may be a loan provided that the operation
is successful and a profitable one; if it is not and
does not succeed and cannot be carried into effect,
we lose and expect to lose it. There are these two
aspects about it. I am very sensible that the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, some two
years ago, showed to his satisfaction, and in a
good measure to mine, that if the road was al-
ready built it probably never could be run—and
I have no doubt he entertains the same opinion
now—unless some contribution was given to it by
the Government from time to time; that may be
necessary and perhaps may be positive. That is
his opinion. If there is any sincerity in their pro-
fessions, it is the opinion of many gentlemen who
are called the particular friends of this measure,
that it will be a profitable business, a very suc-
cessful operation in the end, and that money can
be made by it. These differences of opinion are
very wide from each other; they are differing toto
ccslo. I do not know which is true, or whether
either of them is true; but certain it is that this bill
is drawn all the way through on the ground that
this is a loan. Whether they will be able to pay
it or not is another matter; experiment must show
how that is; but that is the ground on which the
bill is drawn; that is the ground on which the ar-
gument is founded all the way through; and it
should be prepared to be carried into effect, if the
result is successful. Now, sir, let us look for a
moment at this bill. The provision made in the
bill about the payment is in the next section, sec-
tion six:
That the giants afoiesaid are made upon condition that
said company shall keep said lailroacl and telegraph line in
repair and use, and shall at all times transmit dispatches
over said telegraph line, and transport mails, tioops, and
munitions of wai, supplies, and public stoies upon said rail-
road lor the Government, whenever required to do so by
any Department thereof, and that the Government shall at
all times liave the prefeience in the use of the same foi all
the pui poses afoiesaid, (at fair and reasonable rates of com-
pen.->ation, not to exceed the amounts paid by private par-
ties for the same kind of service.)
I will here remark that that lays the Govern-
ment entirely at their mercy. What private par-
ties pay for the same service will be whatever the
railroad company choose to charge. The Gov-
ernment are to pay at the same rates as private
persons, and of course they are to pay whatever
the railroad say they shall pay. What sort of a
security that is, gentlemen can judge as well as I
can. The amount of it is, in direct, plain English,
that the Government shall have their goods car-
ried on the route at the rate the company fix.
There is a good deal of circumlocution about it.
I do not know that it is intended, but-it is exceed-
ingly well calculated to effect that purpose. It
would be supposed, on a reading of it, that every-
thing was to be done on the same rates as else-
where; but that is not the reading. The reading
is, that they are to pay the same price that private
persons pay, and they pay what the railroad
charges. That is all there is of it. Then the Gov-
ernment are to have this work done at whatever
price the railroad choose to charge. That is the
way, I suppose, we are to take the pay. If they
carry a ton of freight for us across from here to
the Pacific, they charge us four or five thousand
dollars a ton, and they clear off their bonds very
easily and cheaply in that way. Then it goes on
to piovidc:
And ati compensation foi services rendered for the Gov-
ernment shall be applied to the pajnient of said bonds and
interest until the whole amount is fujly paid.
Further:
Said company may also pay the United States, wholly or
in part, m the same or other bonds, Treasury notes, or other
evidences of debt against the United States, to be allowed
at par.
A good, wise calculation. If you choose to is-
sue three or four hundred millions more, and they
fall below par, this company can pay them off at
par any way. That is ail right enough in paying
United States debts. I do not find fault with it.
I only ask you to mark the shrewdness of the
bill all the way through:
And after said road is completed, until said bonds and
interest are paid, at lean five pot cent, of the not earnings
of said road shall aKo be annually applied to the payment
thereof.
" The net earnings.'' All this goes on the ground
that this road is going to be a success. Very well;
put it on that ground. I hope it may be so. The
parts of the bill I have read are evidently drawn,
and the argument here is, on the ground that they
are to pay back these bondsand interest. They may
do all the work for the United States, and put apart
that five per cent., if they ever get any net receipts,
and yet not pay the debt, because it will not come
to enough. We have not work enough for them
to do, at any fair price, to pay for these bonds and
the interest. That sixth section provides for the
payment. The security is in the fifth section, which
is now under consideration. 1 will read it, begin-
ning at the security in the thirteenth line. It is
drawn with the same ingenuity as the other:
And to secure the repayment to the United States, as
hereinafter provided.
Not really to secure the repayment, but to se-
cure what is hereinafter provided; that is, to carry
freight for what they choose to charge:
Of the amount of said bonds so issued and delivered to
said company, together with all interest thereon which
shall have been paid by the United States, the issue of said
bonds and delivery to the company shall ipso *facto consti-
tute a fiist mortgage on the whole line of the railroad and
telegraph, together with the rolling stock, fixture:* and ptop-
erty of every kind and desciiption, and in consideration of
whichsaid bonds maybe issued; and on the refusal or fail-
ure of said company to redeem said bonds, or any pait of
them, when required so to do by the Secretary of the Treas-
my, m accotdance with the provisions of this act, the said
road, with ail tiie rights, functions, immunities, and appur-
tenances thereunto belonging. and also all lands granted to
the taid company by the United States, which, at the tune of
said default, shall remain in the ownership ot the said com-
pany, shall at once vest in the United States, and the bame
shall immediately be taken possession of by the Secretary
of theTieasury for the use and benefit of the United States.
That is to say, if we do not carry your freight
as we agree to do—whether that pays you or not
is immaterial—but if we do not carry your freight
and your mail as we agree to do, then and in that
case you may take possession of the road; but if
we do that, then you shall never have any secu-
rity for the payment, however successful we may
be, because all the security is according to the
provisions hereinafter provided. Is not that all a
mere matter of duplicity? I do not charge any-
body with having intended it, but is not that the
obvious intent of it? I do not say whether it will
ever be paid or not, but I do say the bill is drawn
on thatground and understanding from beginning
to end. If they will strike out those oblique words
"as hereinafter provided," they leave the secu-
rity which they profess to hold out to the world.
I hope the amendment will not be reconsidered,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust the amendment
will be reconsidered. At the time it was suggested,
I did not see the serious objection to it that I see
now. I wish to say with regard to this obliquity
the gentleman seems to peiceive in the appearance
of this bill, that it was not designed that the Gov-
ernment should foreclose a mortgage on this road,
if the road was completed in good faith, and did
the Government business. As I have had occa-
sion before to remark, the Government is now
payingover seven millions per annum for the ser-
vice which this road is bound to perform. That
is about one hundred percent, more than the max-
imum of interest upon the entire amount of bonds
that will be issued by the United States when the
road is completed. The Government is to-day, on
the peace establishment, without any war neces-
sity, paying for the same sei vice owe hundred per
cent, more than the entire interest on the amount
of bonds called for by the bill. Besides that, it is
provided that five per cent, of the net proceeds
shall be paid over to the Federal Government
every year.
Now, let me say, if this road is to be built, it is
