336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
37th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. XX.—An Act to authorize an additional
Issue of United States Notes. *
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of-the Treasury, in
addition to the fifty millions of notes payable on
demand of denominations not less than five dol-
lars, heretofore authorized by the acts of July sev-
enteenth and August fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one,be,and he is hereby, authorized to issue
like notes, jmd for like purposes, to the amount
of ten millions of dollars, and said notes shall be
deemed part of the loan of two hundred and fifty
millions of dollars authorized by said acts.
Approved, February 12, 1862.
Chap. XXI.—An Act authorizing the Detail of
Naval Officers for the service of the War De-
partment.
Be it enacted by the Senate- and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Presidentof the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to temporarily
detail three competent naval officers for the ser-
vice of the War Department in the inspection of
transport vessels, and for such other services as
may be designated by the Secretary of War.
Approved, February 12,1862.
Chap.XXII.—An Act making an Appropriation
for the Purchase of Cotton and Tobacco Seed
for general Distribution.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of three thousand dol-
lars, for the purchase of cotton seed, and one
thousand dollars for the purchase of tobacco seed,
under the superintendence of the Secretary of the
Interior, for general distribution: Provided, That
the said cotton seed shall be purchased from places
where cotton is grown as far north as'practicable.
Approved, February 13, 1862.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act to authorize the Con-
struction of Twenty Iron-c,lad Steam Gunboats.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,That theSecretary of theNavy is hereby
authorized and empowered to cause to be con-
structed, by contract or otherwise, as he shall
deem best for the public interest, not exceeding
twenty iron-clad steam gunboats for the use of the
Navy of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jin dbe it further enacted, That the sum of
ten million dollars be, and hereby is, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to carry out the purpose of this act.
Approved, February 13, 1862.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to regulate Trade and Intercourse with
the Indian Tribes, and to preserve Peace on the
Frontiers," approved June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and thirty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jhnericain Congress
assembled, That the twentieth section of the "Act
to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers,"
approved June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-four, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to read as follows, to wit:
"Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall sell, exchange, give, barter, or dis-
pose of any spirituous liquor or wine to any
Indian under the charge of any Indian superin-
tendent or Indian agent appointed by the United
States, or shall introduce or attempt to introduce
any spirituous liquor or wine into the Indian
country, such person, on conviction thereof be-
fore the proper district court of the United States,
shall be imprisoned for a period not exceeding
two years, and shall be fined not more than three
hundred dollars: Provided, however, That it shall
be a sufficient defense to any charge of introdu-
cing or attempting to introduce liquor into the In-
dian country if it be proved to be done by order
of the War Department, or of any officer duly
authorized thereto by the War Department. And
if any superintendent of Indian affairs, Indian
agent or sub-agent, or commanding officer of a
military post, has reason to suspect or is informed
that any white pdfson or Indian is about to intro-
duce or has introduced any spirituous liquor or
wine into the Indian country, in violation of the
provisions of this section, it shall be lawful for such
superintendent, agent, sub-agent, or commanding
officer, to cause the boats,stores, packages, wag-
ons, sleds, and places of deposit of such person
to be searched; and if any such liquor is found
therein, the same, together with the boats, teams,
wagons, and sleds used in conveying the same,
and also the goods, packages, and peltries of such
person, shall be seized and delivered to the proper
officer, and shall be proceeded against by libel in
the proper court, and forfeited, one half to the in-
former and the other half to the use of the United
States; and if such person be a trader, his license
shall be revoked and his bond put in suit. And
it shall moreover be lawful for any person in the
service of the United States, or for any Indian, to
take and destroy any ardent spirits or wine found
in the Indian country, except such as may be in-
troduced therein by the War Department. And
in all cases arising under this act Indians shall be
competent witnesses."
Approved, February 13, 1862.
Chap. XXV.—An Act making an Appropriation
for com pleting the Defenses ofWashington, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for completing the de-
fenses of Washington: Provided, That all arrear-
ages of debts already incurred for the objects of
this act shall be first paid out of this sum: Jlnd
provided further, That no part of the sum hereby
appropriated shall be expended in any work here-
after to be commenced.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the fifth
section oftheactoftwenty-eighth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, providing for the discharge
from the service of minors enlisted without the
consent of their parents or guardians,, be, and the
same hereby is, repealed: Provided, Thathereafter
no person under the age of eighteen shall be mus-
tered into the United States service, and the oath
of enlistment taken by the recruit shall be con-
clusive as to his age.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no vol-
unteers or militia from any State or Territory
shall be mustered into the service of the United
States on any terms or conditions confining their
service to the limits of said State or Territory, or
their vicinities, beyond the number of ten thousand
in the State of Missouri and four thousand five
hundred in the State of Maryland heretofore au-
thorized by the President of the United States or
Secretary of War to be raised in said States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
ond section of the act of the tenth of April, eigh-
teen hundred and six, shall be, and the same is
hereby, so amended as to read as follows:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatintime
of war or rebellion against the supreme authority
of the United States, all persons who shall be found
lurking as spies, or acting as such, in or about the
fortifications, encampments, posts, quarters, or
headquarters of the armies of the United States,
or any of them, within any part of the United
States which lias been or may be declared to be
in a state of insurrection by proclamation of the
President of the United States, shall suffer death
by sentence of a general court-martial."
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That the fifty-
fifth article of the first section of act of tenth April,
eighteen hundred and six, chapter twenty, be, and
the same is hereby, so amended as to read as fol-
lows:
" Article 55. Whoever, belonging to the
armies of the United States m foreign parts, orat
any place within the United States, or their Ter-
ritories, during rebellion against the supreme au-
thority of the United States, shall force a safe-
guard, shall suffer death."
Approved, February 13, 1862.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to prohibit the " Coolie
Trade" by American citizens in American ves-
sels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Untiled States of America in Congress
assembled, That no citizen or citizens of the Uni-
ted States, or foreigner coming into or residing
within the same, shall, for himself or for any
other person whatsoever, either as master, factor,
owner, or otherwise, build, equip, load, or other-
wise prepare, any ship or vessel, or any steam-
ship or steam-vessel, registered, enrolled, or li-
censed, in the United States, or any port within
the same, for the purpose of procuring from China,
or from any port or place therein, or from any
other port or place, the inhabitants or subjects of
China, knoWn as " coolies," to be transported to
any foreign country, port, or place whatever, to
be disposed of, or sold, or transferred, for any
term of years or for any time whatever, as ser-
vants or apprentices, or to be held to service or
labor. And if any ship or vessel, steamship, or
steam-vessel, belonging in whole er in part to cit-
izens of the United States, and registered, en-
rolled, or otherwise licensed as aforesaid, shall be
employed for the said purposes,or in the " coolie
trade, so-called, or shall be caused to procure or
carry from China or elsewhere, as aforesaid, any
subjects of the Government of China for the pur-
pose of transporting or disposing of them as afore-
said, every such ship or vessel, steamship, or
steam-vessel, her tackle, apparel, furniture, and
other appurtenances, shall be forfeited to the Uni-
ted States, and Shall be liable to be seized, pros-
ecuted , and condemned in any of the circuit courts
or district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict where the said ship or vessel, steamship, or
steam-vessel, may be found, seized, or carried.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
person who shall so build, fit out, equip,load,or
otherwise prepare, or who shall send to sea, or
navigate, as owner, master, factor, agent, or oth-
erwise, any ship or vessel, steamship,- or steam-
vessel, belonging in whole or impart to citizens
of the United States, or registered, enrolled, or
licensed within the same, or at any port thereof,
knowing or intending that the same shall be em-
ployed in that trade or business aforesaid, con-
trary to the true interit and meaning of this act,
or in anywise aiding or abetting therein, shall be
severally liable to be indicted therefor, and, on
conviction thereof, shall be liable to a fine not ex-
ceeding two thousand dollars, and be imprisoned
not exceeding1 one year.
Sec. 3. And be it further anacted, That if any
citizen or citizens of the United States shall, con-
trary to the true intent and meaning of this act,
take on board of any vessel, or receive or trans-
port any such persons as are above described in
this act, for the purpose of disposing of them as
aforesaid, he or they shall be liable to be indicted
therefor,and, on conviction thereof, shall be liable
to a fine not exceeding two thousand dollars and
be imprisoned not exceeding one year.
Sec 4. 'And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act hereinbefore contained shall be deemed
or construed to apply to or affect any free and
voluntary emigration of any Chinese subject, or
to any vessel carrying such person as passenger
on board the same: Provided, however, That a per-
mit or certificate shall be prepared and signed by
the consul or consular agent of the United States
residing at the port from which such vessel may
take her departure, containing the name of such
person, and setting forth the fact of his voluntary
emigration from such port or place, which certi-
ficate shall be given to the master of such vessel;
but the same shall not be given until such consul
or consular agent shall be first personally satisfied
by evidence produced of the truth of the facts
therein contained.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all the
provisions of the act of Congress approved Feb-
ruary twenty-second, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, entitled " An act to regulate the carriage
of passengers in merchant vessels," and all the
provisions of the act of Congress approved March
third, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, entitled
"An actio extend the provisions of all laws now
in force relating to the carriage of passengers in
merchant vessels and the regulation thereof,"
shall be extended and shall apply to all vessels
