THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDA-Y, JUNE 21, 1862.
New Series No. 17.1.
to be built not merely by the money advanced by
the Govern raent, but by money out of the pockets
of private individuals. If there are to be great
sacrifices in the accomplishment of a great national
purpose,and this is admitted to be a great national
purpose, one demanded as a political necessity,
why should the Government draw from the pock-
ets of private citizens $50,000,000 to be embarked
in an enterprise that will have no net proceeds, that
will pay no cent of dividends? Upon the hypoth-
esis of the Senator from Vermont, this Govern-
ment should build the road if it cost §100,000,000,
and then spend $5,000,000 a year to run the road.
A better proposition has been advanced here in
this bill. It is proposed that the Government shall
advance $60,000,000, or, rather, their bonds at
thirty years as the road is completed in the course'
of a series of years; that the interest at no time
can be equal to the service to be rendered by the
road as it progresses; and that the Government
really requires no service, except a compliance on
the part of the company with the contract made.
It was not intended that there should be a judg-
ment of foreclosure and a sale of this road on a
failure to pay. I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood that the bill was not framed with the inten-
tion to have a foreclosure.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then what was that part
of the bill providing that the Government may
take possession of it put in for?
Mr.McDOUGALL. Incase they failed to per-
form their contract. That is another thing; that
is astipulation; that is a forfeiture in terms of law,
a very different thing from a foreclosure for the
non-payment of bonds. The calculation can be
simply made, that at the present amount of trans-
portation over the road, supposing the Govern-
ment did no more business, that that alone would
pay the interest and the principal of the bonds in
less than twenty years; making it a direct piece
of economy, if the Government had to pay them
all. However, I am not disposed to discuss this
matter. I say it was not understood that the Gov-
ernment was to come in as a creditor and seize
the road on the non-payment of the interest. It
is the business of the Government to pay the in-
terest, because we furnish the transportation.
Mr. COLLAMER. If they do not pay the
bonds, as a security for which they profess to
make them, a mortgage on the road, it is to be
taken possession of. It expressly says:
And to secure the repayment to the United States, as
hereinafter provided, of the amount of said bonds so issued
and delivered to said company, togetlie%vith all the interest
tliereon which shall have been paid by the United States,
the issue of said bonds and delivery shall ipso facto consti-
tute a first mortgage on the whole line of the railroad.
It is expressly provided that the Government
may take possession of it. Then why retain these
words, " as hereinafter provided ?"
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust not.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Foot, Grimes, Henderson, Howard. King, Lane uf
Indiana, Sumner, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson
of Massachusetts, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Clark, Dison, Doolittle, I'es-
senden, Hale, Harlan, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
MeDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Eice,
Stark, Wade, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote agreeing to the
amendment striking out the words which have
been read.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. _ I feel it my
duty to specially call the attention of the Senate
to these amendments. 1 have a very decided opin-
ion upon them, and 1 believe them fatal to this
bill. I do not entertain the shade of a doubt upon
the question. This bill provides a particular mode
of repayment. That mode is provided in the sixth
section on the 12th and 13th pages of the bill.
Then why strike out the words " as hereinafter
1.77
provided?" Why is it necessary to change that
proviso^ I see no necessity for it whatever.
Then this bill provided in the words that are
stricken out that if the company refused or failed
to pay their bonds, the Secretary of the Treasury
may give notice and the Government may take
possession of the road. That puts it in the power
of the Government to do it at its will. I consider
that ample and sufficient; it is all the security the
Government of the United States require;all they
need; it is in their hands. But, sir, the amend-
ment strikes out those words, strikes out the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, the dis-
cretion of the Government; and we now, thirty
years before the bonds become due, take away all
discretion in thcGovcrnmentof theUnited States,
and require that if they fail to pay their bonds
the road is forfeited to the United States, and the
United States shall at once take possession of it.
We do not want possession of the road if we can
help it. We strike out the provision of the sixth
section, which provides that the earnings of the
road for the Government shall go towards the pay-
ment of the bonds and the interest, and also the
provision that five percent, of the earnings of the
road, after it shall be completed, shall be setaside
for the purpose of redeeming the bonds. By strik-
ing out these simple words, " as hereinafter pro-
vided," we destroy the sixth section of the bill;
and then we make it imperative, without any dis-
cretion with the Secretary of the Treasury, that
if the road shall fail to pay the bonds when they
become due, he shall take possession of the road.
Now, sir, until the road is completed, we have
reserved a certain percentage for the security of
the Government. I think we have taken ample
security in tins matter, and I think every 'word
or idea in this bill that tends to keep capital out
of the road is so much injury to the Government
of the United States.
The Senator says the bill goes upon the idea
that this money that we loan for building this road
is to be repaid. I know that is the theory of the
bill; but Ihere is not a practical railroad man in
the country who expects the Government to get
back its money, unless this road can so manage
as to earn money enough to pay it. When you
consider the length of this road, the mountains
and the deserts that it crosses, the sparsely settled
population, the enormous cost of the load and of
running the road, the nation and the world will
be satisfied if we can build it at a reasonable cost;
and then if the road can pay the Government the
interest, and keep on running, and do the busi-
ness of the nation, and the commercial business
of the country, everybody would be delighted at
the idea. I must say I fear it cannot do all that.
I am very confident it could not do it without the
liberal aid of the Government, not only in com-
pleting the road, but a liberal dealing with the road
when it is completed. I regard it as a national
necessity of transcendent importance, against
which seventy-five or one hundred millions do not
weigh anything. What are seventy-five or one
hundred millions to the American people to have
a railroad completed connecting the Atlantic and
Pacific shores, and opening the interior of the con-
tinent to this nation ? It is not even as dust in the
balance.
Now, sir, look at any of our railroad lines, and
see where the piofits are made. Take the great
Central railroad from Albany to Ruil'alo, connect-
ing the East and the West across the great State
of New York, and eighty per cent, of the earn-
ings of that road are local earnings. Takeaway
the local travel and earnings of that road, and it
would be but a very poor one, indeed, although
it connects the settled East and the teeming mil-
lions oitbe West. Here we are to build a road
away out on the sparsely setiled portions of the
country, to go across mountains, travel up thou-
sands of feet, and then cross deserts, wheie we
have got to carry the timber to make the road hun-
dreds of miles, and carry the wood so many miles
that I am not sure that the engines will be able to
carry their fuel. I think that is owe of the great-
est difficulties in the case. It is like an army that
eats its head off in a march where it cannot get
enough, and has a difficulty in carrying its pro-
visions. This is what we are undertaking to do.
The central regions of this continent can never be
thickly settled. The local travel on this road can
never be great.
Right in view of all these facts we propose to
drive a hard bargain with the men who invest
their money in this road; and I tell you nine dol-
lars out of ten that go intp this road will go into
it to accomplish the result, and not with the idea
of making money. There is not a man in this
Senate who would put $1,000 in that road with the
idea of making a good investment. The road is
a national necessity; and yet we propose to put it
in this shape: that when the time comes, if the
road fails to meet its obligation, the Government
is not to consider the exigencies of the road or of
the country, but it is at once to take possession of
the road, and hold it on the part of the United
States. We do not want it any way. The bill pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury can do
it; it is at the discretion, therefore, of the Govern-
ment of the United States. If the road is to burst,
if it fails to do what it can do, the Government
will unquestionably bring the corporation up; but
it ought to have the privilege to regard their con-
dition and their necessities. I say, unless we are
to deal liberally with this road, I think we shall
repel the capital of the country from going into it.
We may begin to ask too much, on the idea that
we are to give lands that are valuable, and put
some money in the road; but if we embark in this
concern, I tell you, if it costs f100,000,000, this
nation is going to put it through. Every dollar
you keep out of the road by illiberality win come
out of the Treasury of the United States in the
end; therefore I consider this amendment as an
amendment against the Treasury of the United
States. I have no doubt upon that point, and I
hope the Senate will reconsider it; for when I vote
for this bill, I want to vote for the bill with the
conviction that, at last, after twelve years'strug-
gle, we have got a bill that looks like making a
Pacific railroad.
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to say one word in
response to the suggestion that fell from the Sen-
ator from Vermont, which has not been responded
to by my colleague, or the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; and that was the comment he made on
the sixth section, in relation to the privilege given
to the railroad company to make charges for trans-
portation of arms, supplies, &c., as therein stated.
The idea conveyed by him was that the bill vested
the power in the railroad company to charge just
what they please; that they could charge at such
a rate as in a very yhoit time to liquidate the in-
debtedness which they owed to the Government.
In other words, that while they were at liberty to
charge the Government the same as private indi-
viduals, if it should not be a paying institution,
they could put on the charges at such a rate as in
a very short time to liquidate the indebtedness.
The palpable, clear meaning, and honest intent on
the part of Congress in making such a provision
is this: that the railroad company should charge
the Government the same reasonable rate that it
would charge private individuals for transporting
the same character of goods. In other words, if
au individual should transport a certain quantity,
say of munitions of war, and the railroad com-
pany should charge him more than other compa-
nies would carry it for, for the purpose of putting
this tax on the Government, it would be a fraud
on the very face of it. Now, we have reserved
the right, in another section of the bill, to add to,
alter,"change, modify, or repeal this charter if we
choose; and I apprehend if any attempt was made
by the raihoad company to make an imposition
of this kind, which would be nothing more than
thieving and robbery, Congress would not hesi-
tate for a moment to curtail their privileges, and
if necessary, to repeal all the rights and immu-
nities which they possess under this charter. The
Secretary of the Treasury would not hesitate for
a moment to assert the authority which was ori-
ginally invested in him before the amendment of
