1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL:GLOBE.
83*
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong.... 2b
owned in whole or in part by citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and registered, enrolled, or licensed
within the United States, propelled by wind or
by steam, and to all masters thereof, carrying
passengers or intending to carry passengers from
any foreign port or place without the United
States to any other foreign port or place without
the United States; and that all penalties and for-
feitures provided for in said act shall apply to ves-
sels and masters last aforesaid.
Sec . 6. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of tlieUnited States shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered, in such way and at
such time as he shall judge proper to the end that
the provisions of this act may be enforced accord-
ing to the true intent and meaning thereof, to di-
rect and order the vessels of the United States,
and the masters and commanders thereof, to ex-
amine all vessels navigated or owned in whole or
in part by citizens of the United States, and re-
gistered, enrolled, or licensed under the laws of
the United States, wherever they may be, when-
ever, in the judgment of such master or command-
ing officer thereof, reasonable cause shall exist to
believe that such vessel has on board, in violation
of the provisions of this act, any subjects of China
known as " eoolies,"for the purpose of transpor-
tation; and upon sufficient proof that such vessel
is employed in violation of the provisions of this
act, to cause such vessel to be carried, with her
officers and crew, into any port or distiict within
the United States, and delivered to the marshal
of such district, to be held and disposed of ac-
cording to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect from and after six months from
the day of its passage.
Approved, February 19, 1862.
Chap.XXVIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Construction, Preservation, and Repairs
of certain Fortifications and other Works of
Defense for the year ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and addi-
tional Appropriations for the year ending thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain for-
tifications and other works of defense for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three:
For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, New York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Knox, at narrows of Penobscot river,
Maine, one hundred thousand dollars.
For fort on Hog Island Ledge, Portland harbor,
Maine, one hundred thousand dollars.
For continuation of works at Fort Scammel,
Portland harbor, Maine, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For Fort Warrefl, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at New Bedford harbor, Massachu-
setts, one hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Willet's Point, opposite Fort Schuy-
ler, New York, two hundred thousand dollars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Isl-
and, New York, two hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, three
hundred thousand dollars.
• For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, sixty thou-
sand dollars.
For Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, two
hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay, Cal-
ifornia, two hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars.
New Series—No. 22.
For contingencies of fortifications, including
field works, five hundred thousand dollars.
For bridge trains and equipage for armies in
the field, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For tool and siege trains for armies in the field,
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the year ending thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two:
For fortifications on the northern frontier, in-
cluding fortifications at Ogdensburg, Oswego, at
the mouth of Genesee river, Niagara, Buffalo,
Detroit, Fort Gratiot, Mackinaw, and the Sault
Sainte Marie, seven hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For Fort Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Knox, Penobscot river, Maine, fifty
thousand dollars.
For fort on Hog Island Ledge, Portland harbor,
Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop and exterior batteries, Bos-
ton harbor, Massachusetts, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at New Bedford harbor, Massachu-
setts, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode Isl-
and, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fort at Willet's Point, opposite Fort Schuy-
ler, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, Staten Isl-
and, New York,' fifty thousand dollars.
For commencement of casemate at battery on
Staten Island, New York, one Kundred thousand
dollars.
For new battery at Fort Hamilton, at the Nar-
rows, New York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For new fort opposite Fort Delaware, on Dela-
ware shore, two hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For additional fort at the Tortugas, Florida,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For contingencies of fortifications, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For bridge trains and equipage, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For defense in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory, at or near the mouth of Columbia river, one
hundred thousand dollars, if, in the judgment of
the President, the same, or any part thereof,
should be advisable.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sum be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the fiscal years ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-three:
For the erection of temporary works in Maine,
and in the harbor at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, when, in the judgment of the President, the
expenditure of the same, or any part thereof,
shall be advisable, five hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For the erection of temporary works in Nar-
ragansett bay, when, in the judgment of the
President, the expenditure of the same, or any
part thereof, shall be advisable, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, February 20, 1862.
Ciiap. XXIX.—An Act making an Appropriation
to Illuminate the Public Buildings.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives o) the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of one thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, payable out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to enable the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to carry out the order of Congress for
the illumination of the public buildings on the
twenty-second of February, eighteen hundred>and
sixty-two..
Approved, February SO, 1862.
Chap. XXX.—An Act to nuthoriza a change of
Appropriations for the Payment of necessary
Expenditures in the service of the United States
for Indian Affairs.
Be it enacted btj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, authorized to pay to Benjamin
Davis, late superintendent of Indian affairs for
the Territory of Utah, such sums as may be found
due to him on the settlement of his accounts as
superintendent, said payment not to exceed the
sum of nine thousand seven hundred and thirty
dollars and ten cents, and which shall be paid out
of the unexpended balance of the appropriation
made by the act entitled "An act to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriation for the service of
the fiscal year ending thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty," approved May twenty-fourth,
eighteen hundred and sixty, for the payment of
Indian agents in Utah.
Approved, February 22, 1862.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Signal Service of the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That officers temporarily serving as
signal officers shall receive, for the time they are
so serving, the pay and emoluments of cavalry
officers of their respective grades.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and they are hereby, appropri-
ated, outof any money in the Treasuiy not other-
wise appropriated, namely:
For the manufacture or purchase of signal equip-
ments and signal stores, to equip and supply the
forces now in the field, twenty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the signal depart-
ment, one thousand dollars.
For the manufacUu-eor purchase of signal equip-
ments and signal stores, for countcisign signals,
to prevent the collision of friendly regiments,
thirty-four thousand nine hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
Approved, February 22, 1862.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act making additional Ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmerica in Congress
assembled, That the following sums he, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the service of the year ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two:
For pay of two and three years volunteers,
fifty million dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, fifty thousand dollars.
For subsistence in kind for two and three years
volunteers, twenty-six million six hundred and
sixty-eight thousand nine hundred and two dol-
lars.
For transportation of the Army and its sup-
plies, fourteen million eight hundred and eighty-
one thousand dollars.
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
one million six hundred and sixty-one thousand
and forty dollars.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage,
twelve million one hundred and seventy-three
thousand five hundred and forty-six dollars and
seventy-seven cents.
For regular supplies, incidental expenses, trans-
portation, barracks and quarters, clothing, camp
and garrison equipage, keeping, transporting) and
supplying prisoners, and other supplies and ser-
vices of the Quartermaster's department, to thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
