1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
ble,Trowbridge,Vallandigham,Charles W.Walton, Wash-
burne, Chilton A. White, and Wood—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being- engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to ieconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATMENT OF ZOLLICOFFEIt's BODY.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of (he House to have appended to the report
in the Congressional Globe of the lemarks which
I made yesterday the following loiter:
IIkadquarters Central Army, Kuniucky,
Bowling Grrfn, February 1, 1869.
General: The remainsot Genera! Zoliicoffei and Lieu-
tenant Bathe Peyton, of the confederate aimy, who fell ic-
cently in battle,have been delivered at myoutpost by Gen-
eral N. W. Thompson, United States Army, under a flag
of truce fiom your command.
Permit me, Geneidl, to thank you for this evidence of
respect for the gallant dead, and for your considerate con-
duct in having their bodies embalmed and placed in metal-
lic coffins. i beg to assure you of my hope that the example
you have set may serve to mitigate the calamities insepar-
able from war, and to temper its conduct with a spirit of
humanity and Clm&tian civilization.
With high respect, youi obedient servant,
W. H. HARDEE, Major General.
Brigadier General McCook, (J. S. A.,
Commanding, Green River.
I desire to have that letter appended to my re-
marks.
Mr, STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up an appropriation bill.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment, that I may ask the House to
pass a joint resolution from the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. It is very nnpoitant that we
should pass this appropriation bill.
Mr. ALDRICH. It will only take a few mo-
men ts.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we shall go into com-
mittee, or we shall never get along.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. TRAIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when the House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman will
yield to me, I desire to report back the resolution
relating to the celebration of the 22d of February.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we can fix that on
Monday. I want to get an appropriation bill be-
fore the House.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
CELEBRATION OF WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The committee to whom
was referred the memorial of the people of Phil-
adelphia relative to'the celebration of tiie birthday
of Washington, and to which was also referred
the concurrent resolutions from the Senate on the
same subject, have had the same under consider-
ation, and have instructed me to report that, m
their opinion, the House should concur in the res-
olutions of the Senate, and they recommend such
concurrence. I am also instructed by the com-
mittee to ch 11 for the previous question on the
adoption of the resolutions.
The concurrent resolutions were read, as fol-
lows:
Rcsolred, (the IIou<?e of Representatives concurring,)
That the two Houses wili assemble in the Chamber of the
House of Representatives on Saturday, the 32d of Febiunry
instant, at twelve o'clock meridian, and that in the presence
of the two [Jouc-esor Congress thus assembled. fheFaiewell
Addres-. of Gocuge Washington to the people of the United
State-? shall lv> icad: and that the President ot the Senate
and the tfpcakei of the House of Repiesentatives be le-
quested to invite the President of the United State-, the
heads of the sevc.al Departments, the judges ofthe Supreme
Coui t, the representatives from all foreign Government* near
this Government, and «uch olfieers of the Army and Navv
and Uir-unguitrhcd citizens as may then be at the beat of
Government, to be present on that occasion
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States, Com-
mander-in-CIiief of the Army and Nav\, be lequested to
direct that orders bo issued for the reading to the Army and
Navy of the United. States of the Farewell Address oi George
Washington, or such paits thereot as he may select, on the
22d day ofrFebniasy,. instant.
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the proceedings of
the two Houses of Congress, together with the Farewell
Address of George Washington, be printed for distribution
by the members of the two House* of Congress to the people
ofthe United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to state that the
committee considered, in the very best spirit and
very patiently, this subject, and that there was an
entire agreement between them except on the part
of one gentleman—the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Lovejoy,] who still desires that the celebra-
tion shall be accompanied by the reading of the
Declaration of Independence. That is all the dif-
ference there was. The majority of the commit-
tee thought that, as it was Washington's birth-
day, it would be appropriate and only appropriate
to read his Farewell Address to his countrymen.
Of course, no one would have any objection to the
reading of the Declaration of Independence, but
the Farewell Address is a very long document,
consisting of twenty printed pages, and if the
Declaration of Independence should also be read,
it would protract the proceedings very much. I
now, under the instructions ofthe committee, call
the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question until I can offer an amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 do not feel myself at
liberty to accommodate the gentleman, or I would
certainly do so. I am instructed to move the pre-
vious question, and do it as the organ of the com-
mittee, and I cannot withdraw or relax it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then, I trust, it will be voted
down. It is a courtesy always extended to a mem-
ber of a committee. I call for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Alley and
Kellogg, of Michigan, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and being
put, the resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope it will be entered
that they were unanimously agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are unani-
mously agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were agreed to, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF LOYAL INDIANS.
Mr. ALDRICH. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have taken from the Speak-
er's table joint resolution S. No. 49, for the re-
lief of the loyal portions«of the Creek, Seminole,
Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians, in order that it
may be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It provides for
the payment, out of the annuities payable to the
Creek, Seminole, Chickasaw and Choctaw In-
dians, and which have not been paid, in conse-
quence of the cessation of intercourse with these
tribes, such sums as may be necessary to be ap-
plied to the relief of such portions of said tribes as
have remained loyal to the United States, and have
been or may be driven from their home3 in the In-
dian territory into the State of Kansas or else-
where.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table and road a
first and second time.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to have read a tele-
graphic dispatch from the Commissioner of Indian
Aiiairs, who is now m Kansas, and also a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior on
the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; let the joint resolu-
tion pass. Nobody objects to it.
Mr. ALDRICH. Very well, sir.
Thejoint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, as we have got through
with the Indians, I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Urnon.
PRINTING OF A MEMORIAL.
Mr. LOVEJOY, With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to present
a memorial from certain German-citizens in regard
to the printing of the agricultural portion of the
Patent Office report in the German language, and
who ask that the memorial may Be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. COX. Cannot it be presented under the
rule?
The SPEAKER. It can, but it cannot be
printed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. They wi§h to have it printed.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to that.
The memorial was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist on my motion.
Mr.GOOCH. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. Six gentlemen have made
the same application to me.
Mr. GOOCH. I want merely to offer a reso
lution.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; I cannot yield.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.)
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the committee
took up for consideration bill of the House No. 259,
making appropriations for the support of the Post
Office Department, for the year ending 30th June,
1863.
Mr. McPHERSON. I desire, Mr. Chairman,
to discuss the nature and objects of the rebellion,
and our relations and duties to it, recalling so much
of its history as will illustrate the one and enforce
the other.
The conspiracy, of which I have twice spoken'
in this Hall, has become armed rebellion, and in-
volved the country in civil war. It has called to
the field a well-appointed army of six hundred
thousand citizen soldiers, prepared to meet in bat-
tle the misguided men whom guilty ambition and *
crafty policy have beguiled, or compulsion forced,
to take up arms in defense of a great crime and for
the furtherance of a gigantic wickedness. Months
have been spent in vast and busy preparation,
until on ocean and river, in valley and on mount-
ain-top, war rings his clarion voice. A contest
more momentous to this Union,and the interests
enwrapped in it, than prediction has suggested
or history recorded, is upon us with responsibil-
ities at once stern and manifold. He only who
comprehends the events transpiring about us, the
mighty alternatives the content involves, and how
controllingly our action wih modify issues most
important to mankind, and vital to us, can appre-
ciate the nature of the crisis, and of the mission
appointed to this generation.
As for myself, Mr. Chairman, in the light of
this great mission, and in the presence of the
grave duties of the hour, the ccntral feeling of my
heart is detestation of the rebellion. I hate the
thing itself. I contemn its authors, promoters,
agents, and sympathizers. I abhor it for the pur-
poses it embodies, the declared principles upon
which it rests, the perjured apostasy in which it
was conceived, the deep duplicity by which it
was developed, and the violence and terrorism by
which it was at length forced upon an unwilling
people.*
Every dictate of my judgment, every impulse
of my heart, every instinct of my nature, bids me
resist this accursed disunion machination.
true and false loyalty.
This is my faith. It should be the sentiment of
every loyal heart. It is the sentiment of every
heart truly loyal. It has nothing m common with
the conditional loyalty avowed on this floor. It
recognizes as the prime duty of this generation,
the suppression, at every hazard, and by using
every necessary means, of this insurrection, the
*In illustration it maybe stated that the election for mem-
bers of the State convention, m Texas, was ordered by a
few men, and two thirds of the people stayed a%vay from
the polls. The oomrentiou sent delegates to the Montgom-
ery convention, and the people were compelled by military
violence to recognize the ordinance of secession—Recent
speech of Charles Anderson, Esq.) in $(ew York.
