836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
restoration of the authority of the Government,
the refcstablishment upon its old resting-places of
the' emblem of the Republic, and the reerection of
tbealtarsof liberty, displaced in eleven States by
the dismal symbols of despotism. A loyalty which
imposes conditions, restrictions, exactions, is spu-
rious and lifeless. It is sure to fail in the hour of
need,.and Is little different from, or preferable to,
disloyalty. In all calculations of results I class it
as an elementunfriendly, and at best unreliable.
Sir, no one is surprised at the existence of this
qualified loyalty,for it is a natural growth, and its
exacting spirit and swelling pretentiousness are
not unfamiliar to those who know its previous
disguises.
The rebels reckoned the qualified loyalty of por-
tions of the loyal States as an impregnable wall of
defense for them; and to produce and maintain
the feeling they spared no effort. AU over the
country the seeds of treason were planted insidi-
ously and industriously. Not a State or county, j
scarcely a neighborhood escaped, for the agencies j
they used penetrated everywhere. It was hoped j
that the harvest would follow, and it was intended
that, with its ingathering, the projected crime
would be committed,the Union rent, the Consti-
tution overthrown, and the principles of liberty
obscured in the crumbling of this their best abid-
ing-place.
loyalty op the people.
Nothing prevented but the unquenchcd and un-
quenchable loyalty of the people, which baulked
every calculation,overleaped every belittling prej-
udice, burst every fetter, and, shaking off the dust
of inaction, promptly organized for the protection
of theirimperilcd interests. Who forgets, or would
forget, that sublime uprising which struck dis-
may to rebels at home and their agents abroad ? *
Who was not thrilled by that majestic act, as the
heart of the people, rising above the influence of
political association and personal friendship, above
partisan affinity on the one hand and repulsion on
the other, above all petty and sordid considera-
tions, proclaimed, in a spirit of fervent pati lotism,
that neither blinding dogma nor corroding theory;
neither selfish ambition nor contracting policy;
neither memory,enjoyment,nor prospect; neither
tie nor hope, could suffice to separate them from
the name and fame of their country ? Whose feel-
ings were notdeeply stirred; whose heart was not
cheered; whose faith in man was not strength-
ened? To appreciate its grandeur, one must re-
call the means taken to prevent it, and the cor-
rupting methods adopted to repress the impulses
and pervert the instincts of the American heart.
To all true men, who had witnessed and watched
this long-continued tampering with loyalty, the
period of culmination was one of anxious sus-
pense. To the traitors, also, it was a period of
deep solicitude, for much hung upon it.
When by the overt act treason was disrobed and
all its antecedent history revealed, I wonder not
that the consciousness of confidcnce betrayed, of
trust deceived, of patience abused, and ofdevotion
unappreciated,! combined with an outraged loy-
alty, to wring from Douglas and Dickinson and
Butler words of indignant denunciation. Let their
names be ever honored anion"; men; but of those
* The following extract f rom a leuei, dated December 10,
1861, from a distinguished Englishman, toimoily a member
of Pailiament, found in a late number of the New York
Tribune, iUubtratc& this point:
"Longbefoie secession was an accomplished fact, the
press of England had been tampered with by the < tm.-^ai ica
of your disunion paity. Men had been industriously at woik
to piepare the way for the speedy recognition of ihe inde-
pendence of the cotton States. The ptogr.unme of JetlW-
son Davis and lus co-eo ?pirator  had been made known,
and arguments supplied wherewith it mi<riu be suppoited.
Men here weie uhoady supplied with then btiofs and their
retaining Ices. The >iniuhaneous rising ut the Irce States-,
and the improvisation of an immense aunv of lojal men,
greatly dSseonceited the inaelnnanoiw oi Yancey, Mann,
and their coirupt tooH, and necessitated the adoption of a
different course of su>uon ; Lnt thc-y an' Mill acuvo, an si the
plunder ot the Pub-Tiea^uries of the South still holds- out,
and in fieeiy distribuied among thos-c who are ba >e enouah
to be the insiiuiuent^ of the woist ot mutoi.s and vileMt of
despots."
f Scnaioi Krx\EDY,of Maryl uul. in hte -peach of Janu-
ary 31, IHjS, apU\ but uniiifnttonaiiy illustrate* this point.
He nanatcs an Jntervio*v a Inch took ptnfo hust wjhu-r be-
tween Me^rs, Ma^on, Davis, and Benjamin and .Bright, in
which the latter appealed to the lormer, by every con&idu-
aiiori of right ami dutv and of jiiMieeto him and his fiiend-iin
the Nojth'who had Mood In ihem, to remain in the Union,
and seek miies>s of guevances, lie closes the nariativubv
these significant words; " Tnat gentleman [Mr. Bright]
tereived hut htth cogiidcraho-,',.''
who, insensible to all this, have not spoken a word
or done a deed in token of their hatred of this great
crime, or who secretly applaud secession or sulk-
ily sustain the Union, what else can, in truth, be
said than that they are guiltier than the conspir-
ators themselves ?
agents of disloyalty.
I have alluded to the seeds of treason as planted
everywhere and through organizations penetrat-
ing every portion of the Union, Let me be more
explicit. iBy the seeds of treason I mean the po-
litical doctrines of those unscrupulous and crafty
men who, for years chanting the praises of the
Union, were plotting its destruction; and who, the
more easily to accomplish their ends, sought en-
trance, under false pretenses, into all the political
parties of the country; through all alarming the
slave interest and preparing it to combine against
the Government. Powerless to use the Whig
party they abandoned and destroyed it, and hav-
ing, meanwhile, obtained control of the Demo-
cratic organization, they proceeded, by stealthy
and gradual innovations, to undermine its ancient
creed until not a vestige of its former greatness re-
mained, and it was changed from the liberalizing
agent its founders left it into a distributor of every
noxious and pestilential principle. Comparing the
positions taken by secessionists upon points vital
to themselves, it will be found that m almost every
case there is a substantial concurrence with the
public declarations or the clear implications con-
tained in the platform lately laid by the leaders of
that party, is the doctrine of State sovereignty
to be interposed as a justification of the rightful-
ness of secession—a warrant for it will be found,
if not in the precise language, in the general tenor
of Democratic authority. Is the doctrine of non-
coercion to be used in denial of the right of the
Go vornmont to maintain itself by force against an
opposing force; isan inaction to be justified which
permitted the forts of the nation lobe beleaguered,
ny battery after battery, and isolated until one
starving garrison are driven to surrender and an-
other barely saved; or is a shivering and imbecile
Piesident who, in grave emergencies, requiring
glowing energy, did nothing to save his country
then dying of an inanition he could have cured—
wo are referred to a preposterous, but specious,
theory devised by traitors and injected into his
message for the paralyzation of the Government.
Is the pestiferous doctrine of State sovereignty
to poison our whole politics, denationalizing the
Government—what gave n general and dangerous
currency but the belief of the honest and confid-
ing masses of the Democratic party in the patriot-
ism of the hypoci lies who dictated its Jaw? When,
going further, to justify the act of secession, its
defenders repeat then-list of " grievances," which
I have before investigated and exposed—who ad-
mit t he correctness of the complaints, or the valid-
ity of the excuse, except those who were falsely
taught by the deceitful expositors of Democratic
opinion to believe that those grievances were act-
ual, were honestly assei ted, and, in defiance of all
evidence, were the nio\iog cau^e of secession;
and who, while gently disapproving the mode of
redress adopted, sympathizing! y bemoan the ^in-
justice" secessionists have suifered ? Sir, though
the opinion may be considered harsh, yet I be-
lieve it is susceptible of demonstration that had
the framework of Democratic doctrine, as lately
proclaimed, been constructed with an expres^view
to effect secession, it could not have been better
adapted to the purpose, whether considered in the
light of its fitness to invite an attempt to disrupt
theGovernment,or to lestrain an Administration
from attempting to prevent it. Even with the light
of experience, it is difficult to see how, m this re-
spect, the means could have been improved, or
what could have added to the almost superhuman
ingenuity of evil shown in those theoiics and their
enforcement.
Sir, it is not surprising that persistent and well-
directed effort produced results; and that, before
the blow fell, thousands occupied an attitude in-
volving grave concern to true men and joyous
hopefulness to rebels. But false training, de-
ceptive leadership, and perverted theories "could
not destroy the instincts of the public heart; and
when, the mask thrown off, State sovereignty as-
sumed the position of armed rebellion, the scales
dropped, and men, ceasing to be politicians, be-
came Americans. In this great conversion (it can
be said with reverence) the hearts of thousands
were changed, and blind men saw, deaf men heard,
and simple men understood. Sir, the people of all
parties arc faithful. How is it with the politicians ?
unfavorable indications.
I think itapparent that certain influential classes
are not fully devoted to our great work, if their
acts forma reliable indication of their feelings. In
one quarter, every act of the Government is queru-
lously denounced, while there is no vision to per-
ceive or spirit to rebuke the monstrous tyranny
secession has already produced—a tyranny which
has pursued patriots with unrelenting and barbar-
ous cruelty,* and enacted laws defiantly denounced
by the venerable Petigru, or i( borrowed from the
darkest period of tyranny,"as " dug up from the
very quarries of despotism," and as unworthy of
the civilization and light of the age.
Others see in the suspension, by the Executive,
of the writ of habeas corpus, the arbitrary exercise
of a power not granted to him, and unwarranted
by the exigencies of the times—forgetful that a
prompt arrest may be of more importance than,
and may be essential to, a victory; that their dog-
matic denial of the President's power is contro-
verted by the greatestlegal learning of the country;
and that, as Mr. Binney has observed, in danger-
ous times people are generally willing and often
compelled to give up, for a season, a portion of
their freedom to preserve the rest; ana that,for-
tunately, " it is that portion of the people, for the
most part, who like to live on the margin of disobedi-
ence to the laws, whose freedom is most in danger—
the rest being rarely in want of a habeas corpus."
In another quarter, the Administration is as-
sailed for usurpation of powers not granted, for
failure to ask legislative consent or approval,and
for arbitrariness in the discharge of its functions;
while m the same quarter, when means are asked
to carry out the powers clearly granted and for
purposes necessary to the maintenance of.Gov-
ernment, words of sharp objection or solemn pro-
test bound to scornful lips or fall from galling pen.
In another, it is fiercely complained that there are
44 political bastiles," in which dangerous persons,
wiio have been arrested, are confined, as though
the assumption practically made by these object-
ors, that Government, in using this (at times)
necessary means of protecting itself, is commit-
ting a more flagrant wrong than in allowing active
sympathizers with treason opportunity to betray
and destroy it, was not absurd in terms and in-
defensible in reason. Another circle, less sensitive
to constitutional questionsandmoreable to handle
practical issues, seize upon the large expenditures
of Government with a view to create a sentiment
adverse to the continuance of the war. While still
another seek to alarm by pompously predicting,
if not fomenting, foreign war. Still another class
give the Administration words of confidence and
votes of disfavor; declaiming loudly for the war
but withholding the means to maintain it and the
taxes necessary to the public credit, and making
a prudent record which may not embarrass in
i shamefulcontingenciesexpected,ifnothoped for.
| 1 need not mention more. The existence of these
classes, fortunately feeble, gives occasion for
watchfulness, that through them the public safety
be not imperiled, or the nation's honor stained, or
the coming triumph dimmed.
the purpose of the rebellion.
I have said that I detest this rebellion, not be-
cause it is a rebellion, not solely because of the
manner in which it was clfected, or of the conduct
of the men who originated, developed, and pro-
duced it, but especially because of the principles
| it accepts and the purposes it reprosents. What
] are they? He must be adull observer who does not
i know that this rebellion was caused in the inter-
j est of reactionary principles; that it has no sym-
; pathies with popular lights; that it is aimed at a
' contraction of popular liberty; that it is controlled
i by cold, calculating, hard men, who, neither by
; nature, training, nor conviction are m harmony
j with the sentiment of freedom; and who have, ou
1 many occasions and in divers ways, shown their
I contempt of liberal and lepubhcan ideas. It is
! scarcely necessary to account for this lapse from
j the great principles of our Revolution; but it may
| ' United States Senator Wxi.lcy, from Virginia, recently
j stated in a speed) in the Senate, that, in seciet conclave,
{ the Legislature of Virginia had set a price upon his head
- and that of hM colleague.
