1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
ijseet 4jt is only necessary that the laws
shall be executed'. ' If to put down the rebellion
and. reestablish the authority of the Government
it shall become a plain necessity to seize and con-
fiscate property of any kind, and to any extent,
the power to do so is full and plenary. If the
rebellion cannotbesuppressed, insurgents brought
to obedience, and the j ust objects of the war reached
without marching over the institution of slavery,
and trampling it out of existence, the power to do
that, under the law of nations, and in complete
harmony with the Constitution, in subordination
to it, and without any departure from, or encroach-
ment upon, its provisions is alike ample, and more
efficient than it can be made by any enactment of
ours.
I cannot help believing, Mr. President, that
. many good citizens who have heretofore revered
the Constitution and respected the laws, and who
are now sincerely attached to our form of Gov-
ernment, and honestly anxious for its preserva-
tion are, or have been, inclined to favor the class
•  of legislation now pressed upon us, from an im-
pression which, although totally erroneous, has
in some way been made, that the Constitution so
fetters the Government that, without breaking
away from its restraints, hard, powerful, and effi-
cient blows for crushing the rebellion and speedily
ending the war cannot be struck. No greater mis-
take could be made. The Constitution forbids
nothing which is necessary, desirable, or expe-
dient to be done. On the contrary, by keeping
within our appropriate sphere, by keeping invio-
late our obligations to a Constitution, every letter
of which should be canonized in our hearts, we
will end this melancholy strife, this fratricidal war,
and charm back peace, protection, and prosperity
to every part of our distracted country far sooner
and more certainly than we can by leaving behind
us the light-houses and land-marks of the Consti-
tution and adventuring upon the ever restless,
turbulent, and uncertain sea of uncontrolled legis-
lation. We have, under the Constitution, all
requisite power of self-defense and self-protection.
I have said, sir, that the law of nations, which
we may assert and execute, and the benefits of all
the provisions of which we are entitled to and may
claim under the Constitution, made bettor provis-
ions for meeting tho exigencies intended to be pro-
vided for by the bill than the bill itself cither does
or ran do.
AJr. Wheaton, m his admirable work upon in-
ternational law, says:
u By the modem usage of nations, which has now ac-
quitcd the foicc of law, temple* of ichgion,public edilioes
devoted lo civil purposes only, monuments of ait, and ro-
po-utoues of science ate exempted from the general opera-
tions of wai. Private properly on land is also exempt from
confiscation, with the exception of such as may become
booty in special cases, when taken from enemies in the
field oi in besieged towns, and of military contributions
levied upon the inhabitants of the hostile territory."—
Wheaton's International Law, p. 420.
" The exceptions to these general mitigations of the ex-
treme lights ot war, considered as a contest of force, all
grow out of tho same original piincipleofnatutal law, which
authorizes us to use against an enemy such a degree of vio-
lence, and such only, as may be necessaty to "secure the
object of hostilities. The same general rule which determ-
ines liovv far it is lawful to destioy the persons of enemies
will serve as a guide in judging how far it is lawful to rav-
age or l;iy waste their country. If this be necessary, in
oider to accomplish the ju&t ends of war, it may be law-
hilly done, but not otheiwisc."—Ibid.
In the prosecution of the war emergencies may
bo developed which will impose a necessity, for the
attainment of the just ends of the war, to ravage
the enemy's country, and confiscate his property
even to a greater extent than is now proposed, it
may become necessary before this war, so need-
lessly and so wickedly forccd upon tho country,
is ended, to proclaim manumission of the slaves
of rebels to a greater extent than this bill contem-
plates; and, if such a necessity should arise, the
power to meet it under,and in harmony with, the
Constitutionals, in my judgment, undeniable. But
who is to judge of the necessity and decide when
we are authorized to resort to these extreme meas-
ures to secure the just object of the war, and to
proceed to execute the law which justifies them ?
is it Congress? Has Congress anything what-
ever to do with it? Just as well might Congress
claim the right to tell the general on the field of bat-'
tic when to advance and when to withdraw a col-
umn, and when the bayonet should be substituted
for the musket and the rifle. These are not le-
gislative functions, but executive. So is the seiz-
ure and confiscation of the property of a public
enemy on land in time of war executive. It is not
the making9 but the executing of a law. The law
already exists, and settles both what kind of prop-
erty is subject to seizure, and the circumstances
under which it shall be lawful to make the seizure.
Whether the circumstances have arisen which jus-
tify the act, and if so, to what extent; whether
the capture and confiscation shall be restricted to
certain specified articles of the enemy's property,
or whether they shall embrace it all; whether the
necessity has come for dashing to pieces the bonds
which bind together masters and slaves, and bid-
ding the latter go free; and if so, whether we shall
simply turn them loose, or make them available
for the prosecution of the war, and in what way
they shall be used, if used at all—are all questions
to be considered, and measures to be carried into
effect by the President as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, and by those who act under him and
by his authority. If this be a fair and correct
statement of the laws of war as they now are—and
that it is, I think will not be controverted by any
one who will take the pains to give the snbjcct a
candidexaminution—then whence thcncccssity of
such legislation as is proposed by the bill; and
what other effect could the bill have, if passed,
than to exasperate on the one side, and complicate
and embarrass on the other ?
But the appropriate and all-sufficient answer,
after all, is, that if we keep within the limits of the
Constitution we are without competent authority
to pass it, and we could derive from its operation
no possible advantage commensurate with the evil
which would inevitably result from so great a
violation of the great charter of our rights and
liberties.
Gentlemen have chosen to sneer at what they
are pleased to designate as the constitutional scru-
ples of small lawyers, and have not blushed to
represent the opponents of the bill as advocating
doctrines equivalent in practical effect to the pue-
rile proposition—too puerile for ridiculc—to em-
pannel juries upon the tented field, and try, con-
vict, and sentence the armed foe before it would
be lawful for our soldiers to shoot them even in
the actual conflict of battle. I will not, Mr. Presi-
dent, retort cither by sneers or perversions. There
is no argument in either, and the cause cannot be
strong which takes shelter behind them. Stand-
ing, as I feel that I do, within tho impregnable
fortress of the Constitution, 1 can well afford to
push them aside without one word of rebuke. The
questions before us, and which we are bound to
meet and consider and in some way decide, are
new, intncate, embarrassing, and momentous.
We have no precedents to follow, no lights of
past experience, under the Constitution, in similar
emergencies, to guide us. For one, I am earnestly
and honestly, with a full sense of my responsi-
bility to my country and my God, laboring to in-
form myself what we have rightful authority to
do, what it is just and proper to do, what it is
expedient to do, and what will be for the true
interests of the country and the cause when it is
done; and I cheerfully accord to every other Sen-
ator equal sincerity and purity of purpose with
myself.
Approaching the subject in this spirit, it has
seemed to me that no good, neither temporary or
permanent, but evil, and evil only, would result
from departures from the Constitution; and that
safety was to be found only in a faithful adherence
to its plain provisions.
To bring my own mind to satisfactory conclu-
sions as to our powers of legislation upon the
great questions before us, it has seemed to me that
the first step was to determine what relation, under
the Constitution, the rebels sustain to us, and
must sustain during the continuance of the war?
When this is done, our own course will be dis-
embarrassed of much which mightotherwise seem
difficult. We cannot regard them as alien en-
emies. To do so, would be to admit the perma-
nent dismemberment of the States, the overthrow
of the Union, the triumph of their cause, their
separate and independent nationality. It would be
to admit all for which they contend, and the further
prosecution of the war would be both wicked and
objectless. Nothing would remain but to adjust
tho terms of settlement, close the strife, and ac~
| cept the rebellion as an accomplished revolution.
| If not alien enemies, then they must stand to us
I m one of two other relations.
I First, as citizens in so formidable a rebellion as
to reach the dignity of a civil war; in which event
we mustrecognizc them as belligerents and public
enemies while the war lasts, and deal with them
during that time according to the laws of war, as
ascertained and settled by the law of nations, with
the right unimpaired, when the rebellion shall be
crushed, to resume authority over them as citi-
zens, and grant an amnesty for past offenses, or
punish them for treason, in accordance with the
Constitution and laws in such cases provided; or
Second, as insurgent citizens, entitled to no bel-
ligerent rights, but subject to be indicted, tried,
convicted, and executed as traitors as soon and as
fast as captured. Very manifestly we cannot adopt
this latter course. The rebellion is too formidable,
too huge in its proportions to admit of it. If
adopted it would soon degenerate into the indis-
criminate slaughter on both sides of all who were
so unfortunate as to be captured as prisoners. It
would become a war of extermination, too barba-
rous, sanguinary, and relentless, for contempla-
tion. The other nations of the world would not
stand by idle spectators of the murderous strife,
but, by common consent, would interpose to put
an end to a proceeding so disgraceful to humanity,
civilization, and Christianity. Such extreme meas-
ures would defeat their own ends and aims. There
is, then, but one course open to us, and that is, as
long as the war continues, to regard them as bel-
ligerents and public enemies, entitled to be dealt
with according to the laws of war as settled by
the law of nations.
This my colleague admits. He says:
" When a lebeliion becomes so formidable as to be able
to muster armies of hundreds of thousands of men, and
maintain itself m arms against the forces of the Government
for almost a year, it surely has attained a magnitude enti-
tling it to be called a civil war; and international law wri-
ters agree that the common laws of war are to be observed
m a civil war in the same manner as in ft war between in-
dependent States."
Upon this, then, we all agree, that wc must ac-
cord to the rebels while the war lasts the charac-
ter of belligerents, and that, under the laws of war,
we can do to and with them just what we could
do to and with the citizcns of Canada, if we were
at war with Great Britain, and nothing more. And
what would that be ? Why, just what the laws,
as settled and established by the law of nations,
would permit: kill in battle, capture those in arms
and hold them as prisoners of war, and capture
and confiscate all their munitions of war, and all
their property of every kind and character which
had any relation to the end of the war, and by the
capture and confiscation of which we would either
stiengthen ourselves or weaken them. And this
would be done by the generals in the field, acting
by the orders of the President. And if Congress
should attempt to pass a law authorizing and di-
recting the Army to do anything to either person
or property not warranted by the law of nations,
that act of Congress would be null and void. It
would be no law. The law of nations, and not
municipal laws,fix and regulate belligerent rights;
and a law of Congress can neither make nor mod-
ify a law of nations; and if the act of Congress
should conform to the law of nations, then it would
be only declaratory, but it would give no addi-
tional force or efficacy to the preexisting law.
Now, sir, if we were at war with Great Britain,
the passage of a law by us to confiscate the prop-
erty of the citizens of Canada to the same extent
and in the same manner that this bill proposes
to confiscate the property of the citizens of the
rebel States would bring "upon us the ridicule of
the world; and if we executed the law, as it could
only be executed by marching an army into the
enemy's country, and by the strong hand of war,
robbing and plundering all the people, in the lan-
guage of the bill, of all " the property, real and
personal, of every kind whatsoever, and where-
soever situated," and reducing them to abject
poverty, to the pinchings of want, to the horrors
of famine, we would bring upon ourselves the
deserved execrations of mankind. Could we do
it? Will anyone contend that we would have
the power to do it? And would our own people
consent to such an act of barbarism if we had the
power?
And now, sir, I respectfully ask of my col-
league, and all other Senators who support this
bill, whether, if we regard the rebels as belliger-
ents and public enemies, we are not bound to deal
with them under the laws of nations as long as the
war continues precisely as we would be bound to
