2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
the Senator from'Vermont was a'dopted, and as-
'sert tlM"aMidrity of the Government over'the
road.
This road is just precisely like a mortgage, ex-
cept that the payments are conditional. If one
man wants to-hOi'row money from another, and
he proposes .to hypothecate his real estate, if the
mortgage- becomes absolute upon failure to pay at
the time of payment, either in whole or in part, it
is of so stringent a character that unless the indi-
vidual saw'from the start that he was able to pay
he never would make the loan; and so it would
he with the people who are to invest their money
in this company. JJnless they knew to a certainty
that the company could redeem those bonds when
they fell due they would never put their money
into it. Can any man foresee that? After all,it
is but an experiment. It may be profitable. The
friends of the measure believe it will be. They
say they believe it will be so, judging by other
railroads throughout the country; but to say that
it would be as a matter of absolute certainty, as a
mathematical demonstration, would be an absurd-
ity. Now, you ask individuals to come forward
and subscribe their money with the condition at-
tached that when the bonds fall due, if they are
not paid the road shall be forfeited to the Govern-
ment, as in the case of an absolute mortgage. No
man will put his money into an enterprise of that
character. But if you give them to understand
that when the mortgage falls due they can con-
tinue to apply five per cent, of the net proceeds
for the performance of the stipulation, and that
that shall go,as provided, in part paymentof the
debt, holding the property in their hands until
they are able by this application to extinguish the
principal of the debt, there is an inducement for
men to go on and invest capital in it. That was
the theory and purport of the bill; that they might
go on aaa invest their capital with this Govern-
ment aid given to them. If it prove successful,
as they understand, they will pay it all off. If it
does not prove successful, they will apply certain
proceeds, as stipulated in the bill, for the extin-
guishment of the principal pro rata until all is ex-
tinguished; and it it is never extinguished, as the
Senator from Vermont has said, the bill does not
purport to be a mortgage, but it is really a dona-
tion, a giftto them. That is the theory of the bill,
and nothing more nor less.
Mr. CQLLAMER. The idea of men putting
their money into this road unless it can be made
profitable by this donation is all perfectly idle.
There is not any man of common sense who will
do anything of the sort unless this donation can
make it successful. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts says there is not a man 111 this body
who would put money in it expecting to make a
good investment. I take it, there are none who
would put it there in any other way. That is a
very clear thing. Now, when we are put oft* with
the idea of setting aside five per cent, of the net
receipts, as they call it, of this railroad for the
purpose of paying the ad vance, however successful
the experiment may be, it is equally fallacious.
There never will be any net proceeds to it if it is
profitable—never. There is not any railroad in
the country where there is anything of rights re-
served to the Government that ever had any net
receipts. The stock all runs into the hands of a
.comparatively limited number of people, who arc
the employes, the agents, the superintendents, the
president, and the directors of the road, and every
one of them is amply paid and no net receipts ever
come in. All of us who know anything about
railroads perfectly understand that. If the repay-
ment to the Government is to come out of the net
receipts, they are never to have anything at all.
That is as perfectly clear asthattheie is any road
to be laid fioni here to the Pacific. If it had said
that the gross receipts were to be set jpjitto pay
the advance made by the Government, it might
mean something, but it is not five per cent, of the
gross receipts, and these gentlemen will never agree
to have it so. They do not mean that it shall be
any security.
The idea that it is any security is all a fallacy
from beginning to end. We are to have five per
cent, of the net proceeds of the road. You might
as well, and with as much safety, have said fifty
per cent. Fifty per cent, on nothing will not be
any more than five per cent, on nothing. It is
very modest to put in five per cent.; why did you
pot put in fifty? Any man who knows anything
about such matters knows-that there never will
be any net proceeds. If there should really be
any proceeds those who have charge of the road
will take care that they are used up in paying em-
ployes whom they select, and in other expenses.
What does all this mean that 1 have read in the fifth
section ? Is it a gull, a trick, a trap ? What in the
world is it? Do gentlemen desire it to be kept in
this shape for the purpose of a mere tranto catch
woodcocks? Is it a desire to be exceedingly in-
genious, and contrive it so that you can gull and
deceive the community by this sort of duplicity?
It goes on to provide for five per cent, of the net
proceeds, and that they shall do certain work for
the Government; and the idea is that if they suc-
ceed, if they make the road, they shall render
these services to the Government; but if it is prof-
itable to them, why should they not pay back
the bonds? You keep calling it a loan; you argue
upon it as a loan; but when we come to talk really
about carrying the security into effect in the event
of the success of the road, you hesitate and falter.
Mr. SUMMER. This is a very important
question, one of the most important that has arisen
in the consideration of this bill; indeed it seems
to go to the very heart of the bill; and yet we are,
so far as I can tell by looking around the Senate,
without a quorum; and whether we are without
a quorum or not, it is obvious that the Senate is
not in a mood to consider at this moment so im-
portant a proposition I therefore move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the honorable Sena-
torfrom Massachusetts to allow me to present the
amendment which I offered to this bill as a sepa-
rate bill, and move to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be done in the
morning.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 17; as follows;
YEAS—-Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Davis, Foot, Gi imes,
Hunis, Henderson, Howaul, Kins, Lane of Indiana, Mor-
nil, Pumnej, Wade, YVilkin-on, WiKon of Massachusetts,
Wilson ofMissouii, and Wiight;—17.
NAYri—Messrs. Anthony, JJiownmg, Clark, Doolittle,
Fos«euden, Ilalc, Harlan, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Latham,
McDougall, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Kice, Stark, and
Willey—17.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum presentand voting:, but the Senate refuses
to adjourn.
Air. CLARK. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to notify the absent members
that their attendance is wanted in the Senate for
the transaction of the public business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 19, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report of the
Secretary of War, m answer to the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 9th instant,
asking whether any legislation is necessary in
order to give effect to the provisions of the act of
April 16, 1862, providing for a reorganization of
tile medical department of the Army.
The message and the accompanying communi-
cation were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
LEAGUE ISLAND, DELA"WAltE lUYElt.
Mr. LEHMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present, in behalf of the city of
Philadelphia, a formal gift of League IsWd to the
United States Government for the purpose of es-
tablishing a naval depot. I ask to have it read by
the Clerk.
There being no objection, the communication
was received and read, as follows:
Office of Mayor of City of Philadelphia.
Gentlemen: By virtue of an ordinance of the Select and
Common Councils of the cit> of Philadelphia, approved the
37th day of June*, A. D. 1862,1 am authorized to offer, in
behalf of the city of Philadelphia, to the Federal Govern-
ment, as an absolute gift, a grant and conveyance of League
Island, at the cxuemity of the first ward of that city, with
all its riparian rights, containing about four hundred acrcs
of land, and about two hundred actes of marsh, if the same
shall be accepted by the United .States foi the location of a
navy-yard, or othci naval purposed, during the present ses-
sion of Congress.
In testimony whereof I have hereto set my hand, and
caused to be affixed the seal of the city of Philadelphia, the
18th day of June, A. I). 1862
ALEXANDER HENRY,
Mayor of Philadelphia.
Hon. sl'eakfc-k. and members
House of Rppresrntafwe*: of the United State's.
Mr. LEHMAN. In conformity with a com-
munication received by the Naval Committee of
the Senate 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
make remarks by unanimous consent.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move the reference
of the communication to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania making a state-
ment?
No objection was made.
Mr. LEHMAN. I have no objection to any
reference of this communication which may be
deemed proper by the House. I will simply state
that, in conformity with a communication which
was sent by the Secretary of the Navy to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the Senate, a proviso
has been attached to the naval appropriation bill
by that body that upon condition that the city of
Philadelphia would purchase and grant absolutely
to the Government League island, which is con-
sidered an admirable site for a naval depot, the Gov-
ernment of the United States would select it for
that purpose in case it should prove to be a proper
site. It is well known that there does not exist in
any part of the United States a naval depot of suf-
ficient size and affording sufficient facilities for the
purpose of building war steamers and iron-clad
vessels which will probably take the place of war
steamers in our Navy. This site is at the extrem-
ity of one of the largest thoroughfares of Philadel-
phia. It is an island which has an excellent front
upon the Delaware river, and is admirably situ-
ated in every way for the purpose for which it is
designed by the Government.
I will state that as soon as this proposition was
made, the city of Philadelphia, with commendable
liberality, appropriated money for the purchase
of League [slant!, and it is no inconsiderable sum.
While so much is said in this House about econ-
omy in the expenditures of tho Government, it
redounds to the credit of Philadelphia that while
she is laboring under the stress of the trouble
which is upon the whole country, she has appro-
priated the handsome sum of $310,000 and pur-
chased this island, which she proposes now to
make a formal^rant of absolutely to the United
States Government. I think that such a propo-
sition as this, showing so much liberality upon
the part of a section of our country, should receive
the favorable consideration of Congress, especi-
ally as it is strongly recommended by every de-
partment of the Government which has intimate
relations with the Navy.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table the bill for the relief of Hiram Paulding,
which has been returned from the Senate with
an amendment, in order that the amendment may
be acted on.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
BUSINESS OF NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. SEDGWICK. On Monday last, Satur-
day of this week was set apait for the consider-
ation of business from the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It has been suggested to me by various
members of the House that that day would be
inconvenient; and with the consent of the House,
I would suggest that the day be changcd to Tues-
day of next week.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE. I am always very much
inclined to accommodate my friend from New
York in all his business, but I iiopc the House will
hold to its original order, and that we shall meet
here on Saturday and do this business. I hope
