1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
the House will get through with its business, so
that Congress may adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the suggestion of
the gentleman from New York will be agreed to
by the House. Every member knows that we
are a large way ahead with the business of the
session, and can work up to the action of the Sen-
ate in a day or two at any time. I can see no
earthly necessity for keeping the House in ses-
sion here on Saturday.
There being no objection to the suggestion of
Mr. Sedgwick, the special assignment for the
consideration of business from the Committee on
Naval Affairs was changed from Saturday to Tues-
day next.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. MALLORY. I lise to a question of privi-
lege. I offer the following resolution and move
the previous question upon it:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives be authorized to close the pres-
ent bCbsion by adjourning their respective Houses on the
30th day of June, at twelve o'clock, m.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Is an amendment to the
joint resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the main question
having been ordered.
Mr. McKNIGrHT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be withdrawn at
this time.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Babbitt, Baily, Baker,
Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, William G. Brown, Buifinton, Burn-
ham, Calvert, Campbell, Casey, Chamberlin, Clements,
Cobb, lloseoo Conklmg, Corning, Ciavcns, Cnsficld, C'lit-
tenden, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunlap,
Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, English. Fesscnclen,
Fouke, Fianchot, Goodwin, Granger, Guder, Ilaiglit, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Holman, Johnson, Julian, Killinger, Knapp,
Lansnug, L;uv, Lcary, Lehman, McKnight, Mallory,
May, Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Moms,
Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Olin, Pendleton,
Perry, John S. Phelps Pomeroy, Porter, Pi ice. Alexander
H. Rice.Richardson,Riddle, Robinson,Edvvaid II. Rol3in>,
Hegar, Sheffield, Shellabatjjer, Sluel, Smith, tfpauldmg,
John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiatton, FianrN Thomas, Tram,
Trowbridge, Vallandishain, Vcrree, Voother^.VVaiUworfh,
Wallace, Walton, Washbuuie, Webster, Wheejoi, Wha-
ley, Albert R. White, Chiltou A. White, WicklifTe, Wood,
and WoodiufF—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldricli, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Beaman,
Blake, Frederick A. Conkling, Fenton, Guiley, Hooper,
Hutching Francis W. Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejoy. Low,
McPlierson, Justin S. Morrill, Potter, John II. Rice, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Sherman, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trim-
ble, Wall, Ward, Wilson, and Windom—28.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COLFAX (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. COLFAX stated he would have voted
" no."
Mr. HALE stated that Mr. Wright was con-
fined to his room by an injury received some days
since.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced that reports were
in order from select committees.
DEFENSES ON NORTHERN LAKES.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the select committee on
lake and river defenses, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 458) to establish additional defenses on
the northern lakes.
The bill was read. It establishes at Chicago,
Illinois, a national foundery, on land to be dona-
ted to the Government for that purpose, for the
manufacture and repair of ordnance and muni-
tions of war, in which shall be employed one su-
perintendent and one master armorer, who shall
be appointed by the Presidcntof the United Suites,
and as many workmen as the Secretary of War
may, from time to time, deem necessary; the su-
perintendent and master armorer to receive the
same compensation as is now allowed by law to
similar officers in the national armory at Spring-
field, Massachusetts; provided if within sixty
days after the notification of the passage of this
act by the Secretary of State to the Mayor of the
city of Chicago, there shall have been donated to
the Government of the United States not less than
twenty acres of land, within or contiguous to the
city of Chicago, and situated upon the navigable
waters of Lake Michigan or the Chicago river, or
one of its branches, and which shall be suitable
and convenient for such purpose, and the title
thereto and the location thereof shall be satisfac-
tory to the President of the United States, then
this act shall go into effect, and the foundery shall
be established.
The second section appropriates $200,000 for
the purpose of carrying this act into effect.
The third section provides that there shall be
established naval yards and depots of naval arms
and munitions on Lakes Michigan, Erie, and On-
tario, on sites to be selected under the direction of
the United States; and for the purpose of establish-
ing such yardsand depots, and purchasingand pro-
curing arms and munitions therefor, appropriates
for the yard and depot to be established on Lake
Michigan, the sum of $100,000; for the yard and
depot to be established on Lake Erie, the sum of
§100,000; and for the yard and depot to be estab-
lished on Lake Ontario, the sum of §50,000.
The fourth section provides that the sites of the
respective yards and depots shall be located at
places not distant from, and easily accessible by,
existing and operating railroads, to be selected
and determined by a commission of three per-
sons, to be appointed by the President of the
United States; and the decision of said board, or
a majority thereof, shall determine and fix such
places where the yards and depots shall severally
be located.
Mr. DUNN. 1 move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indiana
has not the floor for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to inquire whether this bill has ever been in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union or not?
The SPEAKER. It is reported now from a
select committee.
Mr. DAWES. I then raise the point of order
that it must first be considered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. On what grounds ?
Mr. DAWES. On the ground that it appro-
priates money.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was referred, under the rules, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to make a per-
sonal explanation. I find, Mr. Speaker, thatm
the remarks submitted by me some time since on
the two bills for confiscating the estates and eman-
cipating the slaves of rebels, I have made a mis-
take, which it is my duty to correct, and which I
do correct with pleasure. I had taken home with
me the Globe, in which was printed the speech of
the chairmanoftheselectcommittee, [Mr. Eliot,]
and marked some passages in it on winch I wished
to comment. I did not observe, however, the
name of the member from Missouri [Mr. Noell]
coming in, and I marked some passages in his
speech as if they had been spoken by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. Among them were the
following:
'* £ frankly admit if the Congress of tlie United States
weie to undeitake to a law to puni-'h the eiime of trea-
son within the limitations piescubed in this clause, [the
clause defining and punishing.' treason.] thoj coulil not at-
tach to the sentence and judgment attainting pciaonrf for
trea-nn the forfeiture of e-late iui a greater period than
during the life of tlie pei.-an attainted." f: k
" But this bill makes no such proposition. So far as it is
intended to opeiatc upon citizens of the United States, it
waives the crime of tteason, and undertake.- to puimli in
another form and ior another offer;-' altogether different
fioni that contemplated h> tlie second elaa&e of the. Consti-
tution."
Supposing these to be the remarks of the chair-
man of the select committee, 1 credited him with
them in the speech which I wrote out. I have
thus robbed my friend from Missouri of the honor
of that position, but 1 wish nojv to restore it to
him, as the gentleman from Massachusetts dis-
claims it.
FOLDING OF POLITICAL DOCUMENTS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise either to a ques-
tion of privilege or a privileged question, I do
not know which, and leave it to the Chair to de-
cide. I wish to propose either to-day or at some
appropriate time, a resolution directing the Com-
mittee on Public Buildingsand Grounds to inquire
and report to this House whether a printed pam-
phlet, entitled " The New Constitution—Shall it
beadopted or rejected?" was folded at the folding-
roomatGovernmentexpense,andby whoseorder.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I trust my colleague
will be permitted to offer his resolution, and that
I may offer an amendment to it. It is <lue to the
country to know whether the work to which my
colleague refers was so folded; and also whether
or notthe Democratic address which my colleague
signed, was not so folded. I will state to him, for
his information and for the information of the
country, that the document to which he refers was
not folded at the public expense, here or else-
where. I now desire to know from my colleague
whether the address signed by him and several
other gentlemen on that side of the House, was
folded here at the Government expense ?
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out ofltorder.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the indulgence of
the House to make a reply to my colleague's
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
gentleman will be heard.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If that document was
folded at the folding-room it was without my
knowledge or consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman
whether or not the Democratic address was not
folded at the folding-room, and whether or not he
has not franked that document so folded?
TheSPEAKER. This debate is not in order.
Mr. RICHARSON. I did not hear the remarks
of my colleague.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the House will
give mo consent, so that the gentleman may un-
derstand my remarks.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman will be heard.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to anything being
heard about it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not object.
Mr. STEVENS. I will object.
COMMODORE HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I ask the consent ol
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
bill (H. R. No. 432) for the relief of Commodore
Hiram Paulding, in order to have the Senate
amendment voted on.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
and the amendment read, which was to strikeout
in the seventh line the words " it being for," and
to insert "or so much thereof as he may be satis-
fied is necessary to reimburse him for;" so that
the clause will read, " the sum of $1,200, or so
much thereof as lie may be satisfied is ncccssary
to reimburse him for his expenses incurred in
defending."
The amendment was concurred in.
MICHIGAN RAILROAD LANDS.
Mr. POTTER, from the select committee on
lake and river defenses, reported a joint resolution
relative to a certain grant of land for railroad
purposes made to the State of Michigan in 185G;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs that the words
" Wisconsin State line," in the first section of the
act entitled "An act making a grant of lands to
the State of Michigan in alternate sections to aid
in the construction of railroads in said State," ap-
proved June 3, I85C, shall be so construed as to
authorize the construction ofa railroad for military
purposes from Green Bay to the waters of Lake
Superior.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I will stale in
relation to this joint resolution that it has been
considered in committee, and the committee has
directed me to ask the House to put it upon its
passage at this time.
