2820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
The Legislature of Michigan have, by joint res-
olution, which f hold in my hand, requested that
the change be made, and the committee have,.after
due consideration, come to the conclusion that it
should be done, as the proposed'road can be built
upon this route in a much less time than upon the
route originally laid down. I therefore ask that
the joint resolution be passed, and upon it 1 de-
mand the-previous question.
.The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
■ The join tresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
. Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF ANNALS OP CONGRESS, ETC.
Mr. "WALTON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am directed by a majority of the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
pay out of the contingent fund the amou nt requisite to carry
Into effect the resolution of May 29,1862, ordering linn to
purchase certain books for the House library, which order
was mainly fulfilled by the proprietors of the books before
the rescinding resolution was passed.
Mr. Speaker, on the 29th day of May the res-
olution ordering the purchase of these books was
passed by an affirmative vote of sixty-six; on the
9th of June that resolution was rescinded by an
affirmative vote of sixty-six. Under these cir-
cumstances I think the resolution is fairly entitled
to another vote.
Now, sir, I do not intend to press this resolu-
tion upon the House; I only ask that it shall do
what is, in its judgment, just and proper in the
premises.
Mr. Speaker, I will forego the opportunity of
reply to the distinguished gentleman from New
York, who is the most influential opponent ofthis
measure, merely remarking that 1 could answer
him out of his own mouth, for when he had a
seat in Congress in 1849, ho declared that an ap-
propriation for this object was "a fair and honest
appropriation of the public money." I do not
refer to my distinguished friend from New York,
my colleague on the committee, whom I see before
me, but to my distinguished friend Mr. Greeley,
who frequently addresses the House from the
New York Tribune.
Now,sir, I send to the Clerk's desk the memo-
rial of Gales & Seaton, and ask for its reading,
after which I demand the previous question.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable House of Representatives:
Gentlemen : Wc arc sensible that it docs not become us
to take any exception loan act of your honorable body, and
certainly we should not presume to do so 1/ the abrogation
of an ordertfo us which we had, in good faith, in part ful-
filled, and in compliance with which we had incurred pe-
cuniary ) Labilities to enable us to complete, had not involved
us in responsibilities that place us under some embanass-
mcnt. Wo, therefore, submit to your honorable body the
following statement:
A few days after its passage, receiving at the Clerk's office
a certified copy of jour resolution of the 29th of May, or-
dering the Clerk to obtain from us, for the library of the
House, one hundred copies of the Annals and Debates of
Congress, we pioceeded to execute the order by delivering
at the library sucu copies of the woik as we had in readi-
ness, and, on the faith of the order, had not only obtained
funds to defiay the expense of binding the remaining copies
which were in the hands ot the bindei, partly liuishcu, when
your iescmdmg lesolution of the 9th instant passed, but in
reliance on the means which the order promised us, had
made other business engagements, the non-lulfillment of
which will prove very embarrassing, and possibly not a
httle injurious to u«.
Without troubling your honorable body with another word,
we submit this simple statement to jour candid eoir-ideia-
tion, prepared to acquiesce, without a imuimu-, in any de-
cision winch your sense ot justice or equity may dictate,
assuring your honoiahle body that whatever that decision
may be, wc shall remain your faithful servants,
GALES & SEATON.
Washington, June 11,1852.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to lay
the resolution 011 the table.
Mr.HUTCHINS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the negative—yeas 66, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alducli, William J Allen, Arnold, Ash-
]ey, Babbitt, Baker,Blake, llutfuiton. Buitiham,Campbell,
Cliambeilm, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkli tig, Ho^eoe
Conkhng, Corning, Davis, Dawes, Edgerton, Edwards, Pen-
ton, Fessenden, Franchot, Gooch, Goodwin, Gran*ei,Gur-
ley, Haighf, Hickman, Holman, Ilntchlus, Julian" Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Loomls, Lovejoy,
Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Odell, Peiry, Pike, Por-
ter, Potter, John H. Rice, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sherman, William G. Steele,
Stratton, Trimble, Trowbiidge, Van Horn, Verree, Wall,
Washbuvne, Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and
Worcester-—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Daily, Biddle, Jacob 13. Blair,
Oeoige II. Biowne, William G. Brown, Calvert, Casey,
Ciements, Cravens, Ciisfield, Crittenden, Cutler, Delano,
Diven, Duniap, Ehot, English, Fisher, Fouke, Glider, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Harrison, Hooper, Horton, Johnson, Wil-
liam Kellogg, KUlinger, Law, Leary, Lehman, McPherson,
Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Moorhead, Morris, Noble,
Noell, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, John S.Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, Segar,
Shellabarger, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Stevens, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Voor-
hees, Wallace, Walton, Ward, Webster, Whalcy, Albert
S. White, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, and Wood—69.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move a call of the House;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 99; ae follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Babbitt, Bingham,
Buftinton,Chamberlm, Clark, Colfax, Fiederick A. Conk-
llng, Roscoe Conkling, Covode, Ciavens, Edwaids, Fcs-
senden, Gurley, Haight, Hairison, Hickman, Horton,
Hutchins, Julian, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Mitchell, Odell, Pike, Porter, Potter, John II.
ltice, Edward H. Rollins, Shennan, Tumble, Wilson, and
Windom—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Baker, Beaman, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, WilliamG.
Brown, Calvert, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Cobb, Corn-
ing, Crisfield, Cutler, Davis, Delano, Diven, Duniap, Eliot,
English, Fenton. Foulce, Franchot, Fiank, Gooch, Good-
win, Granger, Gnder, Hale, Hail, Ilanchelt, Harding, Hol-
man, Hooper, Johnson, Kelley, Killinger, Law, Leary,
Lehman, Low, McKnight, McPherson, Mallory, Maynard,
Menzies, Moorhead, Justin S. Momll, Morris, Nixon,
Noble, Noell, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, John S.
Phelps, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Richardson,
Riddle, Robinson, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shellabarger,
Shiel, Smith, John 15. Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Van Iloin,
Van Valkenburgh,Verree,Voorhees, Wadswoith, Wallace,
Walton, Ward, Washbuine, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albert S. White, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wood,
Woodruff, and Worcestei—99.
So the House refused to order that there be a
mil.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution, on which the previous question had
been demanded.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
The morning1 hour having expired, the Speaker
announced that House bill No. 401, lelating to the
claims for loss and destruction of property be-
longing to loyal citizens for damages thereto by
the troops of the United States during the present
rebellion was under consideration as a special or-
der, upon which the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Webster] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from Maryland to move to postpone the
consideration of the special order for one hour.
Mr. WEBSTER. I wish to put this question
to the Chair, whether if the floor is now yielded
to the gentleman from Kentucky to submit his mo-
tion, the special order will come up immediately
after this other matter is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It would come up at the time
to which it was referred, if no other question of
higher privilege should intervene.
Mr. MALLORY. X move, then, to postpone
the special order for half an hour.
Mr. WEBSTER. I suggest to the gentleman
to modify his motion so as to postpone until the
matter just now before the House is disposed of.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well; I will so modify
my motion.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF ANNALS OF CONGRESS, ETC.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 57,
noes 43, and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I rise to a question of or-
der. This resolution is to carry into effect a cer-
tain resolution passed on a particular day. That
resolution has since been rescinded, and therefore
it is not in order to appropriate money to pay un-
der that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that
any question of order is involved in the statement
of the gentleman. It may be addressed to the con-
sideration of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the pointof order that
the resolution makes an appropriation, and must
therefore go to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The practice has been that
a resolution or bill which reappropriates money
is not required to have its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to propose an amendment, that we
shall give a pension of $10,000 a year to these par-
ties instead of passing this resolution. I think it
would be much cheaper.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman pledge
himself and those who think with him to vote for
that amendment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think it would be much bet-
ter than to vote for such a resolution as this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the further point that
this money which is appropriated by the resolu-
tion is not in the contingent fund, and conse-
quently there has been no appropriation for it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide a
question of that kind. The resolution must of
itself purport to appropriate money not heretofore
appropriated to require it to be considered first in
the'Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury has decided that there can
be no payment of this money until there has been
an appropriation by Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has nothing to
do with the decision of the First Comptroller.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair?
Geoige II. Browne, William G, Brown, Casey, Clements,
Corning, Cravens, Crislield, Crittenden, Delano, Diven,
Duniap, Eliot, Ely, English, Fisher, Fouke, Grider, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Harrison, Hooper, Horton, Johnson, Law,
Leaty, Lehman, McPherson, Mallory, May, Maynard,
Menzies, Moorhead, Morris, Noble, Noell,Norton, Nugen,
Pendleton, Perry, John S. Phelps, Pomeioy, Price, Alex-
ander II. Rice, Riehaulson, Kiddle, James S. Rollins, Segar,
Shellabaiger,'Shiel, John B. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Vooihecs, Wads-
worth, Wallace, Walton, Ward. Webster. Whaley, Albert
S. White, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, and Wood—70.
NAYS—-Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Beaman, Blake, Buffinton, Bumham, Campbell, Cham-
beihn, Clark,Cobb, Collax, Fiederiek A. Conkling,Roscoe
Conkhng, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Edgerton, Edwaids, Fen-
ton, Fes^enden, Franchot, Frank, Gouch,Goodwin,Gian-
gnr, Gurley, Haight, Hanehett, Hickman, Holman. Ifntch-
ins,' Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, Mitchell, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Odell,
Olin, Pike, Poiter, Potter, John H. Rice, Robinson, Ed-
ward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sherman,
Spaulding, William G. Steele, Stratton, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Veriee, Wall, Wash-
burne, Wheeler, Wilson, Windom, and Worcestei—70.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative, and the resolution is therefore rejected.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING m oved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was defeated;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS,ofMissouri,demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. With the permission of the
House, I will ask the Chair what will be the ef-
fect of the failure of the present motion ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay upon the
table fail, then the question will come up on the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution was defeated.
Mr. MALLORY. So I thought.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aldrich, Arnold, Babbitt, Bakei, Baxter,
Beaman, Biwdmm, Blake, Buffinton, Buinham, Chamber-
hn, Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe
Conkhng. Cutler, Davis, Dawes,Edgeiton, Edwaids, Fen-
ton, Fessenden, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin. Gian-
ger, Gurley, Haight, Hanehett, Hickman, Ilutclun-. Julian,
Kelley, Fiancis'VV. Kellogg, Lansing. Loomi*. Lovejoy,
Low, McKnight. Mitchell, Justin S.Morrill, Nixon, Odell,
Ohn,'Pike, Porter, Potter, John II. Rice, Robinson, Edwaid
II Robin*, Hargent. Sedgwick, Shanks, Sherman, Spauld-
ing, William G. Steele," Stratton, Trimble, Trowbiidge,
\ an IJoin. Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall, Washburne,
Wheelei, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—70.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Batiy, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
Gcoige H. Biowne, William G. Biown, Calvert, Casey,
Clements, Corning, (havens, Cri-lield, Crittenden, Del-
ano, Diven, Duniap, Eliot, Ely, English, Fisher, Gnder,
Hall, Harding, Haruson, Hooper, Hoiton, Johnson, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Killinger, Knapp, Law, Leary, Lefiman,
McPherson,"Mallory, May, Maynard, Menzies, Mooihead,
