340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
31th Cong.,..2d Sess.
Latos of the United States.
' city of Washington, to be selected by the Com-
inissioner of Public Buildings, six thousand dol-
lars.
To supply a deficiency of appropriation for re-
pairs of the Capitol made by W. S. Wood, late
Commissioner of Public Buildings, nine hundred
and thirty-four dollars and seventy-eight cents. .
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay for the purchase and repair of plate,
and repairof gas-fittings for thePresident's House,
two thousand six hundred and thirteen dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing stjms be, and the same are hereby, in like
manner appropriated for the service' of the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two:
For the necessary expenses in carrying into
effect the act of seventeenth of July, eighteen
. hundred and sixty-one, and the act of fifth of
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, in ad-
dition to the appropriation;; made by those acts
for those objects, one hundred thousand dollars.
For amount required for clerks and messenger
in the office of the assistant treasurer at Boston,
from first January to thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For amount required for clerks, messenger, and
watchmen, in the office of the assistant treasurer
at New York, from first January to thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, five thousand
two hundred dollars.
For amount required for clerks and messenger
in the office of the assistant treasurer at St. Louis,
from first January to the thirtieth June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, eighteen hundred dol-
lars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay for painting in the interior of the Cap-
itol, and for general repairs, three thousand two
hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to have the old furnace under the Library of
Congress removed, and a new one erected in its
place, three hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For a deficiency on account of papering and
painting the President's House in the autumn of
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, four thousand
five hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to jiay the bill of William H^Carryl and
Brother for furniture for the President's House,
six thousand eight hundred and iifty-ciglitdollars
and eighty ccnts.
To enable the Commissioner to pay a bill of
P. and T. Berry for granite work and materials
for the north front of the Patent Office Building,
seven thousand ninety-three dollars and thirteen
cents.
To enable the Commissioner to pay five per
cent, on eight thousand seven hundred and fifty-
eight dollars and ten cents, retained on that sum
due P. and T. Berry on granite work on the west
wing of the Patent Office Building in eighteen
hunch-ed and fifty, four hundred and thirty-seven
dollars and ninety-four cents.
> . For,supportof patients in the Government hos-
pital, five thousand dollars.
To payJ.B. Blake for work done by him when
Commissioner of Public Buildings, twenty-two
dollars and eighteen cents.
For expenses attending the removal to and oc-
cupation of Building at corner of F and Fifteenth
streets, for the Surgeon General's and Paymaster
General's "offices, for the six months ending thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactedv That the fol-
lowing; sums be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated for the service of the year ending thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three: For
expenses of building corner of F and Fifteenth
streets, occupied by the Surgeon General's and
Pay Blaster Creneral's offices, eight thousand eight
hundred dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and empowered to iease the property of
the United States in the city of Burlington, Iowa,
uponwhich is the United States marinehospital,
first giving thirty days' notice thereof; or if he
shall deem it more expedient for the Government
to retain the title to said property, that he be au-
thorized to use it for the sick and wounded sol-
diers of the Unite(i,States,or to discharge all offi-
cers and servants of the Government connected
therewith, and to close the hospital.
Approved, March 1, 1862.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue Certificates of In-
debtedness to Public Creditors.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be issued
to any public creditor who may be desirous to
receive the same, upon requisition of the head of
the proper Department in satisfaction of audited
and settled demands against the United States,
certificates for the whole amount due or parts
thereof not less than one thousand dollars, signed
by the Treasurer of the United States, and coun-
tersigned as may be directed by the Secretary of
the Treasury; which certificate shall be payable
in one year from date or earlier, at the option of
the Government, and shall bear interest at the
rate of six per centum per annum.
Approved, March 1, 1862.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act fixing the number of
the House of Representatives from and after the
third March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the third day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, the
number of members of the House of Represent-
atives of the Congress of the United States shall
be two hundred and forty-one; and the eight ad-
ditional members shall be assigned one each to
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, Iowa,
MinnesotaVermont, and Rhode Island.
Approved, March 4, 1862.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Actto provide for the Ap-
pointment of additional Clerks in the Office of the
Assistant Treasurer at New Y ork,and for other
purposes.
Be it matted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at New York be, and he hereby is,
authorized to appoint, from time to time, by and
with the consent and approbation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, such other clerks, messengers,
and watchmen, in addition to those already em-
ployed by him, as the exigencies of the public
business may require, at rates of compensation to
be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury: Pro-
vided, That such rates shall in no case exceed those
now allowed bylaw for the several persons simi-
larly employed in the office of the said Assistant
Treasurer. The compensation for such additional
clerks, messengers, and watchmen, for the current
and next fiscal year, shall be paid out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated. Estimates for compensation for such ad-
ditional clerks, messengers, and watchmen, after
the next fiscal year, shall be submitted by the
Secretary of the Treasury with his annual esti-
mates.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at New
York be, and he hereby is, further authorized to
appoint, with the approbation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, a competent person from among his
clerks who shall be called the Deputy Assistant
Treasurer of the United States. The said Deputy
Assistant Treasurer, in addition to the duties per-
formed by him and any others which he may be
required to perform by the said Assistant Treas-
urer, is hereby authorized to witness the execu-
tion of any and all transfers of Government slock
and powers of attorney, and sign all receipts for
patent fees and bullion receipts, with like effect
as if the same were witnessed and signed, respect-
ively, by the said Assistant Treasurer in person.
The said Depu ty Assistant Treasurer shall receive
an additional compensation of one thousand dol-
lars per annum, to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the total compensation received by
him shall not exceed three thousand dollars per
annum.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of two thousand five hundjred dollars be, and the
same is hereby, appropria'ted, out of any money
in the'Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the purchase of blank checks, for the use of the
sub-Treasury.
Approved, March 6, 1862.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act requiring an Oath of
Allegiance and to support the Constitution of
the United States, to be administered to Masters
of American Vessels clearing for foreign or
other ports during the present Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the several
collectors of the customs a't the ports of entry
within the United States, during the continuance
of the present rebellion, to cause to be adminis-
tered to each and every master of any American
ship or vessel, steamship or steam vessel, which
shall be about to clear for any foreign port or place,
or for any port or place within the United States,
the oath of allegiance required by chapter sixty-
four of the acts of the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-one; which oath shall be duly taken by such
masters before such vessels shall be permitted to
clear as aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the oath
or affirmation aforesaid may be taken before the
collector of customs at the port from which such
vessel is about to clear, or before any justice of
the peace or notary public or other person who is
legally authorized to administer an oath' in the
State or district where the same may be adminis-
tered. And that any violation of such oath shall
subject the offender to all the pains and penalties
of willful and corrupt perjury, who shall be liable
to be indicted and prosecuted to conviction for any
such offense before any couit having competent
jurisdiction thereof.
Approved, March 6, 1862.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act to fulfill Treaty stipu-
lations with Hanover.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to en-
able the President to fulfill tfie stipulations con-
tained in the third and fourth articles of the treaty
between the United States and Hanover, of the
sixth of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, namely: to carry out the stipulation contained
in the third article of said treaty, forty three thou-
sand four hundred and fifty-four dollars and six-
teen cents. To carry out the stipulation contained
in the fourth article of said treaty, ten hundred
and forty-two dollars and ninety cents, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to pay the interest
provided for in said article.
Approved, March 13, 1862.
Chap. XL.—An Act to make an additional Article
of War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
■assembled, That hereafter the following shall be
promulgated as an additional article of war for the
government of the Army of the United States, and
shall be obeyed and observed as such:
Article —. All officers or persons in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States are pro-
hibited from employing any of the forces under
their respective commands for the purpose of re-
turning fugitives from service or labor, who may
have escaped from any persons to whom such ser-
vice or labor is claimed to be due, and any officer
who shall be found guilty by a court-martial of
violating this article shall be dismissed from the
service.
Sec..2. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect from and after its ]
Approved, March 13, 1862.
