1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
love for the institutions of our fathers, thousands
and tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands
voluntarily abandoned the quiet, peaceful, and
happy sccncs of home, and rushed to the stormy
fields of war, to vie with each other in doing and
dying for their country. Hill-top and valley,
field and forest, mountain peak and mountain
gorge, quiet village and city full, have all, as if by
one impulse, sent forth their armed men to swell
the nation's force; and when the ranks have
been thinned by the breath of pestilence and dis-
ease, and the storm and tempest of battle, other
eager hearts and strong arms have crowded to the
camp to fill the melancholy chasms. My own
State, glorious Illinois—I do not claim more than
otheis, but equally with any other—has furnished
her full share of gallant men, and borne her full
share of these great sacrifices. The valor of her
sonshas been vindicated upon every bloody battle-
field of the West. Fredericktown and Belmont,
and Forts Henry and Donelson and Pitusbuig
Landing have been consecrated to history find
made classic ground by their deathless deeds of
heroism. The bones of her glorious dead lie
strewn wherever the foe has been met, and her
mutilated living aie receiving homage m every
city, village, and neighborhood. Every house-
hold has been turned to a household of mourning,
and every heart has quivered under the torture of
grief.
And why, Mr. President, all these sacrifices,
all this suffering and woe and anguish and death?
Why yre they so heroically, so sublimely met
and borne? To what end, and to what purpose?
I answei, to uphold, maintain, defend, and pre-
serve, in all it.i integrity, perfect and uninjured,
in every word and letter, whole and sound, in all
its part? and provisions, in its form, and m its
essence, the venerated Constitution of ourfathers.
This is the inspiration whtcii sustains the heart
and nerves the arm of the nation, and gives to the
soldier, amid the honors of war, his fortitude
and ondiuanee. The Constitution was nssdilcd
by tun tors and tebds, and these gallantmcn have
come o its defense. While thev aie doing ba'ile
for "f in the fi dd, lei it go forth th.u we ate w.u-
iiri^ against it here, that we scoft' its principles
and spurn its restraints, and usurp any-andeveiy
power which the passion or prejudice of the hour
may suggest as necessary to accomplish a wished-
for tesult, and the hope of the country will die,
the inspiration of the Army will be gone, the
arms of our brave, ti ue-hearted' soldicis become
tier \ eless and impotent, and this great national
struggle for national life will sink into disgraceful
and disastrous failure.
Let us stand by the Constitution. Our only
safety is there; oui only hope of triumph is there.
Let us not forget our obligations for its protection
in the past, nor blast all just expectation of con-
tinued protection in the future. Let us stand by
it in giantude for the blessings it has heretofoie
secured us, and in hope of the blessings it shall
heieafter dispense to the unborn millions of our
race. Let us prove to our brethren m arms that
we are, honestly and in good faith, cooperating
with them to maintain the Constitution with all
its salutary restraints, and to uphold a Govern-
ment of laws, and resist a reign of licentiousness
and the confusion of anarchy which will inevita-
bly vufth in upon us over the shattered fragments
of the Constitution whenever we shall have broken
it down, and this wicked and stupendous rebel-
lion will be subdued, the just and lull authority of
the Government will be restored, and the flag of
ourfatheis, the symbol of oiu greatness and glory,
will again float, with the assent of all oiy people,
with not a stripe obliterated, not a star obscured,
over every inch of territory it heretofore pro-
tected.
AJr. WILMOT obtained the floor; and, on his
motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, ,'lpril 29, 186'2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stocktow
The J ournai of yesterday was read and approved.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY'.
The SPEAKER informed the House that he
had appointed Mr. Sedgwick as member of the
committee on the confiscation of rebel property,
in the place of Mr. Olist, excused.
BRIGADIER GENERALS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of Wai, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 21st instant, ask-
ing for information as to appointments to the rank
of brigadiergeneral between the lstof April, 1861,
and the 1st of April, 1862; which was laid on the
tabic, and ordered to be printed.
EVACUATION OF JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Scc-
retaiy of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of the 24th instant, directing the Secretary
of War to communicate to the House all the facts
and circumstances within his knowledge in rela-
tion to the late evacuation of Jacksonville, Flor-
ida, by the troops of the United States; in which
communication the Secretary of War states that,
conceivmgit to be the province of the President
of the United States to direct the Department of
War what facts in relation to military operations
shall be communicated, the Piesident had in-
stiucted him to say that Jacksonville was evacu-
ated by the order of the commanding general of
the department for reasons not deemed compatible
with the public interest at present to disclose;
which communication was hud on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented to the House a joint resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, in favot of the establish-
ment of certain mail loutes therein mentioned;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
EDWARD V. PITTS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Viigima. I desire the unan-
imous consent of the House to ask a question of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Pottmi.]
who offered a resolution yesterday touching the
loyalty of Judge Pitts. I desire to know from the
gentleman upon what he predicated the resolution
of inquiry which he offered yesterday in relation
to the loyalty of Edward P. Pitts, of Northamp-
ton county, Virginia?
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, in leply to the
gentleman from Virginia, I will state that the foun-
dation of that resolution is an address which has
been published, and which 1 have here in print,
to the Legislature of Virginia—the piesent dis-
loyal Legislatuie at Richmond.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. If the gentleman has
that address, 1 hope lie will send it to the Clerk's
desk to be read. It is but right that it should
accompany the resolution.
Mr. POTTER. I send to the Clerk's desk the
address to which I refer, and ask that it may be
read.
The Clerk read the paper, as follows:
To the honorable P',c^Jentof ihe Senate, honorable Speaker
oj the and members of the General *.is->emhly oj
glnia :
Gentlemtv : 1 have hoaid it uimored, tor I have icceived
no notice, that I am to tie tru-d be'oie both Houses or' the
General Assembly loi disloyalty io the Slate of Virginia
and to the cnnfedeiHt'1 Slates ot Ameiwa, m adhering to
and giving a'd and comioit and counsel to the enemies ol
tiie said State and of Ui'-i contedeiate States It is impos-
sible tor me ni the pievunt condition oi the country, and
under oxi-tin<* eiwumsfanee^. to make my defense befoie
the Geneia! A-M') hiy. a.id it would be quite difficult could
i appeal hefoi":hat honorable b< d\ to deiond myself against
charges -<> vagm- and i;or;< lal in ti><-irnatute. The eon^n-
tit(ion oi' Ynunua piovide-., as the (^'in'ia! A^einbiy h
nwme, "that the judge agatif-t whom tie1 Civneia! \sscm-
blv may he about \o proceed -hall leccivo notte,j thereof,
accompanied bv a eopv of the causes alleged fot hi-- ie-
moval. at lea-t twenty d.iv- befou me day on which eithei
Mouse or the General A^-mbij shall -u tthiueupon.-' Now.
1 have ieeeiv ed no notic< at all, and ue\ ci hunt d until Totu<-
day, tiie fitb day of Maieh. that .my proceeding had been
instituted anaitHt me by enhei House or the Genial As-
sembly, and ol i-ouiMi have never icceived any cop\ ot tiie
chai e- alleg* d against me. I hoaid tumngh our teprcseiit-
anve m the convention that some action iiad Iv.en taken
asraoi-t me i>es>>ie that body. Imr that n was defeated, and
I have heaid initiimi? o! the inatt<-i Muee. tj3f the 6th day ol
Mait'Jj m-ianf, when )\v.w ruki ii>at :hete ua- a nouce m
lli * iMiiiad* Iplna Inquhei and in the New Yoik Ileiald of
some ptoeeedifig to be had again-? me beioie the (n.neial
A^emblv or Vicuna, f du m>t lako eitiie.-o: inn-* pup* p.
and have not been able to find but one m which uie said
subject is mentioned at all.
Now, I lespeetfully submit to the Geneial A&cimbly that
to be tried, under these circumstances, in ray absence, and
in the absence of all proof, which I would desire to be heard
by the Geneial Assembly, and thus to jbe removed from of-
fice, would be maiiile-tlyunjust. f cannot get to Richmond
with witnesses and other testimony which i would wish to
use in my defense at this time, or i would take no excep-
tion to the want of notice and the constitutionality of ;he
proceeding against me. I can only plead not guilty, and I
court investigation if 1 can but be heard in my defense; but
if thii poor pnvilege is denied me, I must .submit to what
I cannot prevent till lean have an opportunity of appealing
to the public. I respectfully ask of the General Assembly
to delay the trial to some more favorable opportunity to
justice, when I may be beard in my own defense, and then
i promise triumphantly to vindicate myself from every
charge, I caie not what it may be, that my enemies and
persecutors may bring against me. I will say that a vast
majority of my own people (I mean of my ciicuit) would
use up and vindicate me from any such chaiges, but they
cannot be heaid now, and my enemies think it a favoiable
opportunity to piostuue inc before them. I do not know that
a single representative from this shore will bay a word in
my behalf; unfortunately, the strifes of party waifaie have
alienated tiiem from me, or at least two of them, and X know
not one whom to call there for a kindly word.
At the leeent election in iny circuit, when I was not a
candidate for anything, all or nearly all the votes polled at
Pungotf'ague and Locust Mount, weie as a mere compli-
ment friveu to me lor the office I now hold. I will add that
both these places of voting were strongly recession, not a
single Union vote being cast at either ot them, at the elec-
tion for the rntilicalion of the oulmanco of secession ; and
I am satisfied that had it been thought of at the time of the
election and a poll had been opened, I should have gotten
neaily eveiy vote polled in both counties These are facts
easily established, but I cannot do it now. Since writing
the above their has been a large meeting o! the people of
Northampton, attheircourt-house, on Monday last, the 10th
matiint, at which they unanimously parsed resolutions in-
doi&ing my fidelity to the State and South, and asking my
retention on the bench. It will be lemembered that this
county sustained the action of Vitgima and the South with *
a unanimity scarcely equaled by any in the State, not a sin-
gle Union vote being east within her boidcis on the iatlfi-
eation ot the ordinance of secewon. I have no doubt if an
opportunity should offer before the day of ni\ trial, the peo-
ple of Accomae would speak with equal unanimity. As
before said f leeeived eveiy vote polled at Locust iUount,
(one bundled and tvventy-tinee,) the lai^e^t vote ever
polled, although not befoie the people foi anything, being a
meie complimentary vote. Tins was on the 2.>th of Janu-
ary last, and the same was the lact at Fungoteague, and
would have been nil ovei the count} had a poll beeu opened,
but it was not thought of.
\ow. if tb'^o v, ho know me best indorse me and are
.aiMied with in" as then judge, why should «ny loyalty to
in> tfiate he que-uoned and my course invecu^ated at a
time when I can make no detente, aud when all hands and
eves aud heaits should be engaged'in guaiduig the weliaie
of the ^tale. and le^toiiiig peace and nro^p'-ixty to a 0i.ee
happy and pio<peiou« Commonwealth ? Can it be for any
other purpose, thouah unknown to the General Assembly,
than to giatify the spleen and envy of my enemies and iv-
vilers, pjont of whom are congregated now in Richmond and
Noifolk. I incuned their displeasure here because I could
not go the lengths for secession they did, and tiie establish-
men'tof eampi on this shore, which bad no other effect but
to fin the pockets of certain favoutes and waste the means
of the Stale. I also opposed their udiculous boasting of
biavcrv and prowess before the enemy appealed, and their
lnslououa flight in advance of bis eailiest movements.
These and like causes have incurred their displeasure, and
1 learn some have said I invited the Fedeial foices beie,
whieh is utterly without foundation ; never m my life hav-
ing done <=o3 oi anything of the kind ; but they are glad to
have any means ot turning the indignant gaze of the public
from themselves to any one or auj thing else, f have bitter
and malignant enemies, who would do anything to pros.-
tiate me. The move in the convention was made at the
instigation of a peisonai euemy, who had not the manliness
to a^umi' the responsibility, hut got auothei to do the work
for him. Those things i would not complain of nor name,
but fyr the advantage they aie taking of me m my absence,
when they know it is impossible toi me to make my de-
] fen-e. I do not dem thai I was for the Union, and did all
! I could in a piopci vvay to preserve it, not because I Joved
i the Noith moic, hut from my devotion to the Constitution
I and iny whole couutiy, and ardent affection for my native
State of Vstgirua and the whole South, when I saw, or
thought I taw, then destruction pending. If f erred in this,
it vva-. an hon<'vt euor of the head, not the heart, and I trust
in the just rulings of a wise Providence my apprehensions
mav ptove unfounded.
T'bave but one other consideration to present to the Gen-
eral Assemhrv, and I shall leave tiie matter with them.
The constitution of the State contains the piovision I have
aheadv cued as to notice, &c , but 1 am told the late con-
vention made a piovi-ion in the new constitution, or
adopted an ordinance substituting a publication in the pa-
p r* for actual notice, and a copy of the ebame preferred.
But the General Assembly will i emember that the new con-
stitution is inoperative to change the piesent until it is
| adopted or i at)lied by the people. Can U be, then, that any
i jud^e can be icmoved fiom his ofliee otherwise than as the
; constitution piovides, till it. is changed by the adoption of
■ I a new one? And can it bo that an Oidmatice of that con-
vention is mote potent than a solemn constitution for the
ij State asieed upon by it? That convention could pass an
|! ordinance upon any subject within its competency not pro-
hibifed by the constitution, butl humbly vubrnit it could
' pas- no ordinance changing the constitution withoutsub-
i nnttin? it to 'he decision of the people; for il it could it had
1 but t«M hauji« the naiitt. Horn (omtiluiion to an ouhnance
•to <.iTeet a tv>tal eha iii^ of the constitution without any rati-
ficanon hv the peop'e. How did the convention acquire
| power to chasi".1 a pait of the constitution, without rati-
.. ficauon b\ tin- people, and not tiie whole? It is Hue these
' are involutionalytimes, but f do not p"eiceiv€ the tircesfelty.
