1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$39
the nation seems to have confidence, and I have
seen nothing that should indicate that that confi-
dence has been misplaced'. You complain of want
of action. Why, look at, the condition of the
country when this rebellion commenced. The
former Secretary of War had gutted your arse-
nals and placed your arms within the reach of
those who desired to destroy the Government.
He had scattered your loyal Army to the remotest
frontiers, so that it was hardly possible to get
a guard around this Capitol to maintain peace
against the insurrectionary men who would, if
they had the power, have prevented the inaugu-
ration of a President constitutionally elected by
the people of the United States. And, sir, but for
the patriotism in the States near at hand, and the
promptness with which the people sprang to arms
and rallied to its defense, this Capitol would last
spring have ceased to have been the Capitol of this
Government; it would have been in the possession
of the armed forces of the South. Tlie Govern-
ment had not left in its arsenals in the loyal States,
or in its forts, arms enough to have placed in the
hands of twenty-five thousand men at the time
this invasion was threatened. But, sir, we did get
some volunteers, and some of them fought very
well. I think it would have been better if the
members of Congress had kept away from the
battle of Bull Run.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois to make a speech. If he has
any explanation to mako about his visit to Bull
Run I will yield to him, and listen to him with
pleasure.
Mr. LOYEJOY. This question of Bull Run
has been referred to very frequently in the House,
and as it has come up in the speech of the gentle-
man, I am obliged to him for the opportunity of
making a few statements in regard to it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Bull Run ! Oh, I cannot
yield to you to make a spcech upon that subject.
Mr. LOVEJOY I thought the gentleman
yielded to me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does tj^e gen-
tleman yield to the gentleman from Illinois?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will tell me how much time he wants, and
will let me stop him when he gets through, I will.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOYEJOY. The disaster of Bull Run has
been attributed to a great variety of causes, and
the most popular but the most fallacious and most
unworthy of all is that a few civilians, and among
others certain members of Congress, were hover-
ing round the skirts of that field. Now, sir, I
care very little about that; but I do want to state
a few things which I know to be facts in connec-
tion with tiiat battle. It is due to General McDow-
ell, and it is due to what is called the truth of his-
tory, I think, to make these statements.
Now, Mr. Speaker, General McDowell stipu-
lated with his superior officers that he could ac-
complish a thing which was desired, and which, ,
I understand, was to take possession of a certain |
portion of railroad, and destroy communication j
between the Manassas army and the troops under j
General Johnson. i
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman will allow i
me to say that I cannot yield to him to vindicate ,
General McDowell. That has been done already. !
1 yielded to him for a personal explanation. ,
Mr LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman will j
allow me to have five minutes. !
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Very well. I yield.
Mr. LOVEJOY. General McDowell was
asked, in substance, by his superior officer, how ;
many troops he needed for that specified purpose. |
He gave the number, but stipulated at the same \
time that, if he undei took to accomplish that pur- 1
pose with that given number of troops, General
Johnson should not be there. The reply was
that Johnson should not trouble him, and that it
he did, General Patterson should be upon his
heels. What was the fact? j
The battle commenced, and at three o'clock, as j
then believed, and as I now believe, our soldiers
were victorious, and the enemy upon the point of
retreat—that has been indicated m the statement
made by General Beauregard lately, in giving an
account of that battle—when General Johnson,
with eight thousand troops, arrived on the field.
General Beauregard states that,'at a distance, he
could not tell whether they were enemies or
friends, and he states virtually that they were on
the point of retreating, when the secession flag
came near enough to be distinguished, and then,
as they came on with a shout, the courage of the
enemy, on the point of retreat, revived, and our
soldiers, being dispirited and disheartened, turned
away.
That, sir, I have no doubt, is the simple truth
in regard to this defeat. Our soldiers retreated,
not because of Congressmen and civilians who
were m the. rear, not because they Were wanting
in courage, for they fought bravely; but it was
because of this reinforcement of eight thousand
men under Johnson—and they were there contrary
to the express stipulation between General Mc-
Dowell and General Scott—that the disaster of that
day occurred.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, I wish to state what I have
already stated on another occasion in rcfercnce to
the battle of Manassas. I wish to state that it
was well known to the general commanding the
United States Army, that General Johnson, with
his forces, had eluded Patterson and was present
at that fight—at the beginning of it. I want to
state that it was known by dispatches from Gen-
eral Patterson himself, and that when this inform-
ation came here, the President of the United States
went to General Scott, and protested against the
army proceeding against Bull Run and Manas-
sas, but General Scott insisted upon its being
done. And that whole defeat of the American
army there occurred with the full knowledge of
this fact upon the part ot' the generals in command.
And when they stilNnsisted upon marching upon
Manassas, they did it with the full knowledge that
Beauregard had been reinforced by Johnson, and
against the protest of the President of the United
States.
That, sir, is the fact in reference to this matter,
j It is a fact that I stated in the special session of
| Congress. It was not denied then, and it cannot
! be successfully denied now.
i Mr. COVODE. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that General Patterson had telegraphed to
General Scott that Johnson had eluded him ?
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. Yes, sir; on Friday
or Saturday preceding the battle of Bull Run.
Mr. COVODE. Well, Mr. Speaker, I cannot
explain the matter, but I simply say to the gentle-
man from Missouri that he is mistaken.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. And the gentleman
from Missouri says he is not mistaken. He knows
as much m reference to this matter as the gentle-
man upon tho committee on the conduct of the
war, and has as high authority for what he states
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania has.
Mr. COVODE. I say that General Patterson
never telegraphed any such thing to General Scott.
Mr. VOOltHEES. 1 should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri, who seems to understand
tfiis whole matter, one question. According to my
understanding, General Johnson did go to Ma-
nassas in advance of the battle of Bull Run, leaving
some four thousand of his men at Winchester,
and that this last body of troops, under General
Smith, came down on the cars, arrived at Manas-
sas at the most important crisis, and turned the
tide of the battle. I believe that the current his-
tory of the day is that General Johnson was upon
the ground with a portion of his forces as early as
| Friday, but that au important part of his forces
! had been left behind at Winchester, which eluded
] the vigilance of Patterson on Sunday, and arrived
: at the iield of battle about three o'clock on that
; d:*y- . •
' l would ask the gentleman from Missouri if this
is not correct. It accounts more satisfactorily to
my mind for the defeat of our army on thatocca-
I sion than the presence or conduct of members of
Congress.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. My information is
that General Patterson did report that there were
neaily forty thousand men at Winchester, but
there is no other man upon the face of the earth
who believes that there was one half that num-
ber of men there. General Patterson reported to
the Government that there were between thirty
and forty thousand men at Winchester, under Gen-
eral Johnson, when there was not half of that
number there, and never had been. But General
Patterson had thirty thousand men under lnm
with which he could have coped and defeated all
the force which Johnson' had. But he did not do
it. Finally, he reported to the President on Fri-
day night that—or if nofcFriday, on Saturday, cer-
tainly—there is no mistake about it—General
Johnson's forces had eluded him and had gone to
reinforce the columns of Beauregard at Manassas.
There is no mistake about it. The gentlemen of
the committee on the conduct of the war need not
deny it, because it is so. It is a fact which can-
not be gotten over by them.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman give
his authority ?
Mr. GOOCH. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield to me 
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My speech will be like a
bed-quilt, all patched over with" the speeches of
other gentlemen. [Laughter.]
Mr. GOOCH. Do I understand the gentleman
from Missouri to say that General Scott had the
information from General Patterson that General
Johnson had eluded him?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; General
Patterson.
Mr. GOOCH. I think that the gentleman from
Missouri is mistaken; and I would like to know
on what authority be makes the statement?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I know the fact. I
desire to be as particular as possible. I know that
the President and General Scott were advised of
the fact by General Patterson himself.
Mr. BINGHAM. When?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have stated sev-
eral times. It was Friday or Saturday previous
to the battle. The President went to General Scott
—I do not know whether he protested, but he sug-
gested the propriety of waiting until General Pat-
terson could be here with his forces, inasmuch as
Johnson had eluded him. General Scott disre-
garded the suggestion. He disregarded the wish
and advice of tiie President on the subject. The
military commander at that time, sir, brought upon
us the disaster which befell our arms at. Bull Run.
Mr. GOOCH. I think it possible that the Pres-
identof the United States mighthave been in pos-
session of the information to which the gentleman
from Missouri refers; but I think I know that he
did not receive that information from General Pat-
terson in any way whatever. The fact may have
been telegraphed to the papers in Philadelphia,
and from there it may have been telegraphed here.
The President may have had a knowledge of it;
but I do not think thatGeneral Patterson ever sent
it to him, or to anybody else in Washington.
Mr. BLAIR,ofMissouri. I supposed thatGen-
eral Patterson had done that much of his duty, at
least.
Mr. GOOCH. It is not safe to presume that a
man always does his duty. He may fail some-
times. •
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. But I supposed that
he had done that much at least.
Mr. GOOCH. If that is what the gentleman
rests his statement on, then I may come to a dif-
ferent conclusion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have come to the
conclusion that he has not done any part of his
duty.
Mr. GOOCH. Then I do notsee why the gen-
tleman asserts that he sent this information.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I assert it from in-
formation that I have on the subject.
Mr. COVODE. From whom ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman had
better call mo before his secret committee.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the House will pardon
me, I would like this subject to go over; and if
some gentleman will move to adjourn, we may
take this matter up fresh on Monday.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I decline to withdraw it.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn, there being, on a division—ayes 40,
noes 53.
Mr. DIVEN. I appeal to the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The House seems dis-
posed to settle this question of the battle of Ma-
nassas this evening) and 1 piesumc that I had better
eo on. , , ,
i Mr. DIVEN, As this is probably the last day
that the military critics of this House will have
