1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
except to gratify'my enemies, to remove me from my office
by some extra constitutional means, when, too, the people
of ray circuit desire to retain mc as their judge.
The office of itself is of but Jittlc moment to mc, but I
have friends and acquaintances ali over the State and else-
where. and my good name in their estimation is of price-
less value to me. May I not ask, then, of the General As-
sembly ofiny native State to grant me the delay necessary
for a lair trial, especially in view of the fact that the peo-
ple of iny circuit have no complaint to allege against me?
I have been guilty of no act of disloyalty to the govern-
ment and defy any proof, and however persons inimical to
me may excite suspicions against me by falac accusations
and innuendoes, I know X can refute them all if I can but
have an opportunity to do so, and therefore ask that the
proceeding against me be dismissed, or that it be postponed
till the condition of the country will enable me to make my
defense.
I respectfully submit the accompanying printed card, the
proceedings of the public meeting of the people of North-
ampton of the 10th instant, and other accompanying papers,
for the consideration of the General Assembly, and would
be much gratified to have them published.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
E. P. PITTS.
DEVOLVING BATTERIES, ETC.
Mr, OLIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolvedly That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish the House with copies of such letters and documents
as are on file in his Department, written by George Vander-
heyscr, Esq., in reference to the construction of revolving
batteries, and upon the subject of coast, river, and haibor
defenses.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest that the gen-
tleman strike out the word " requested," and in-
sert u directed." That is the ordinary form. We
direct the heads of Departments and request the
President.
Mr. OLIN. I will accept the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the report of the sciect committee on Government
contracts.
The resolutions reported by the committee and
now pending before the House, were read, as
follows;
Resolved, Thai the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
toadjUHttho claim against the Govcrnmcntfor the five thou-
sand Hall caibincs, purchased through Simon Stevens,
Esq., by General John O. Fremont, on the 6th day of August,
1861, and afterwards delivered at thcUnitcd States arsenal
at the city of St. Louis, on the bas>is of a sale officii arms
to the Government for #12 50 each, rejecting all other de-
mands against the Government on account of the pmcha&e
of '•aid aims.
Resolved, That the practice of employing irresponsible
pai tics, having ljo official connection with the Government,
in (he performance of public duties which may bo piopciiy
pei formed by icgularofficersof the Government, and of pur-
chasing by pilvato contractsupplies for the different Dopait
ments, where open and fair competition might be pioperly
Invited by reasonable advertisements for proposals, is in-
jurious to the public service, and meets the unqualified dis-
approbation ol this House.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Indiana a single question, if
he will allow me. I desire to inquire of him
whether it be his purpose to ask the previous ques-
tion after he shall have concluded his remarks,
Mr. HOLMAN. It is my purpose to do so;
but I shall bo disposed to consult the wishes of the
House upon that subject.
Mr. ROSCOE COCKLING. Well, sir, as 1
have no doubt the gentleman desires to close this
debate, and as I would like to say something upon
the subject, it is very likely that he woultfprefer
that I should precede him rather than follow him.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the gentleman from
Indiana permit me to offer an amendment to the
resolutions?
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I offer the following
amendment: *
s,^l^Tt?t1anyoflicernow in tfie service of the United
teutes who, while in office, eonnived at any of the fraudu-
?fcrred 10 in this lcP0,'t, or who knowing of
nu?iK-COntracts  consummatcd the same, and re-
law to'Su.?v s !fhTn7f°be violation of
f^U.fpuK
Resolved, That a copy of this report, with tlie evidence
sLS! y k t0 the i'^sidentof tite U?,"ted
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. BLAKE and Mr. LOVEJOY objected
Mr WICKLIFFE. I would Meetknow,
when * have the floor, whether 1 have to getunani-
mous consent to offer an amendment to the pend-
ing proposition ?
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman pro-
poses an amendment out of order, it requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is not out of order. I
got leave of the House to offer it, and the gentle-
men did not object.
The SPEAKER. There are three amendments
already pending.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not know that, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 am disinclined to take ad-
vantage of having the floor to impose any restraint
whatever upon debate. I do not desire to precede
the gentleman from New York, and if he desires
to speak I will yield the floor to him for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, on
the 17th of July last, in common with about fifty
other members of this House, I voted against the
permission then asked by the committee on Gov-
ernment contracts to do much which since that
time they have done. It was the opinion then of
some of the oldest and most experienced members
of the House that such a proceeding tis that pro-
fosed would not be wise under any circumstances.
t seemed so to me. Itscemedto me that no com-
mittee could be so honest or so eminent that it
would be suitable to clothe it with the unheard of
powers asked for on that occasion. It seemed to
me unfit to create a supervisory board and set it
over all the Departments of the Government to
review, at its own pleasure and in its own way,
the integrity and motive of every man engaged in
the administration of public affairs. It seemed to
me that a roving commission, virtually irrespons-
ible, to sit in judgment, open or secret, at its op-
tion, upon the honesty or fraud of all future con-
tracts and transactions, to be entered into by any
Department of the Government, was open to grave
objections, and found little argument in its favor
of a kind calculated to commend it to the sound
discretion of the House. We had at that time,
as we have at all times, power to call for every
contract from time to time, and to inspect and in-
quire into all the transactions of each Depart-
ment of the Government. We had then, as we
have now, two standing committees, with but little
occupation, whose duties are identical with those
professed by this committee; we could instruct
them as often as the House should deem it neces-
sary to inquire and report; and therefore it seemed
to me that the enormous powers asked for were
fraught with dangerous objections, and likely to
be productive of pernicious and odious results.
The hesitation of the House, however, aroused
the displeasure of at least one member of the com-
mittee. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] felt himself attacked, and came to the
defense. He protested his innocence of bad mo-
tives which no one had imputed to him; he denied
several charges which no one had made, and
hinted broadly that lie would resign unless the
House indulged him in the permission asked for.
That indulgence was granted, and I think it safe
to say now, that experience has vindicated and
approved every objection then insisted upon. The
doings of the committee—its extraordinary doings
•—have led to the most wide-spread misapprehen-
sions and exaggerations. They have filled the
whole country with indiscriminate suspicion and
distrust. The political complexion of the com-
mittee is such that its sayings and doings were cal-
culated to have far greater effect than would have
been the case if it had stood in political antago-
nism to the present Administration. Its flitting
constantly from State to State, sometimes from
one side of the Union to the other, the vague mys-
tery in which it has been enshrouded, with its still
vaguer givings out, its secret sessions, and above
all, the sweeping and unmeasured declarations of
some of its members, have engendered the belief,
not only at home but abroad—and I judge from
the foreign papers, more abroad than at home—■
that corruption and venality are universal in this
country, and that swindling and theft, like the
frogs of Egypt, have entered the very kneading-
troughs of the land. Such an impression is a
wicked aspersion upon the American people; it is
as false of them as of any nation in history, and
if possible more false now in the hourof their pa-
triotic trial than ever in the time of their pros-
perity and peace. I charge no man with a design
to do this great wrong, but it has been done, and
as an humble lover of my country 1 deplore it
with impatient regret. In addition to this all-cm-
bracing injury, proceedings of the committee have
done injustice—gross, irreparable injustice, to in-
dividuals and classes. So much is admitted now,
though not voluntarily admitted; but it is said to
have arisen from inadvertence and mistake. So
be it; that does not lighten the obloquy which has
blasted private character and public reputation.
My proposition is that the nation, the Govern-
ment, classes of individuals, and individuals them-
selves, have suffered in character; that we have
lost caste, and that much harm has come, not from
detecting or exposing fraud or extravagance, but
from magnifying and exaggerating what has hap-
pened, and charging and publishing to the world
what has never happened at all. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] said the other
day, if I read him aright in the Globe, that the
plundering under this present Administration had
been as great as the expenditures under that hated
dynasty which the people had hurled from power.
Sir, if that statement is true, the American people
would be justified in resorting to anything short
of revolution to snatch power from men who wield
it for such horrible prostitution.
Mr. DAWES. I am sorry that the gentleman
did not read me aright in the Globe. If he read
me aright he would have seen that I said it would
nearly equal that.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will read the
statement precisely as it appears in the Globe, re-
vised by the gentleman himself. I have no pur-
pose to do him an injustice. Said the gentleman
from Massachusetts:
" Tile gentleman must remember that in the first year of
a Republican Administration, which came into power upon
professions of letorm and retiencliment, there is indubita-
ble evidence abroad in the land lllat somebody 1ms plun-
dered the public Treasury welt nigh in that single year as
much as the entire current yearly expenses of the Govern-
ment during tiie Administration winch the people hurled
from powei because of its coiruption.'?
I say that if this statement can be verified the
people would be warranted in rising en masse and
demanding, by any means short of revolution, the
correction of abuses and evils too intolerable and
atrocious to bo longer endured.
Groundless as it may be, it has gone forth as
an announcement by the committee—gone beyond
recall. Yes, sir, a poisoned arrow, poisoned with
the virus of exaggeration, and feathered with the
franking privilege, has been shot far and wide to
the remotest confines of the loyal States of the
Republic. Like other statements and insinuations
made by that gentleman, however elaborately they
may have been prepared and conned over, this is
a reproach, an impeachment of the existing Gov-
ernment, which I think, on reflection, he will long
to recall. But, sir, another evil, greater, perhaps,
than any other, has resulted from these anom-
alous proceedings. A system of semi-judicial,
one-sided trial and condemnation has been inau-
gurated for the first time, I am happy to know, in
the history of the nation; a system which finds
no place m any enlightened jurisprudence, nor in
the genius of any free Government, and no defense
in any sound code of morals; a system utterly sub-
veisive of the plainest principles and safeguards
of justice and the rights of the citizen. Jurisdic-
tion has been assumed of the characters of men,
and their rights of property, and judgments blast-
ing to both have been pronounced on ex parte test-
imony, testimony taken in secret, and of which
the parties aspersed were never informed. Men
have thus been tried unheard, and convicted, stig-
matized, and hung up to fester in infamy as long
as their karnes can retain a place on the roll of
remembered names.
The gentleman from Massachusetts felt con-
strained to admit the odious character of such a
mode of investigation in ordinary cases; but he
contended that the principle of justice embodied
in the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] had no application here
—and why, forsooth ? I ask the attention of the
House to the distinction to which the gentleman
from Massachusetts is driven—worthy, I must
say, of this extraordinary age of invention, and
of the strait in which the inventor finds himself
placed. Why, says the gentleman, if you were
only to deal with a man's character, you ought
to give him notice and hear him; but if you are to
deal with his characterand property too, then you
may try and condemn him unheard on ex parte test-
