342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
37th Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For extra clerk hire and copying, five thousand
dollars.
Northeast Executive Bunding.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the northeast executive building, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For fuel, light, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, four thousand five hundred dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, fifty-three thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborers in his office,
thirty-three thousand seven hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his of-
fice, twenty-eight thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and la-
borer in his Office, forty-two thousand nine hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-eight thousand one
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborers in his office, ninety-three thousand four
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, thirty-one thousand nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office, sev-
enteen thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department, and the clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, one hundred and eighty-two thousand
seven hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers in his office, twenty-eight
thausand seven hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks, messenger, assistant messen-
ger, and laborers 111 his office, fifty-three thou-
sand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
eighteen thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in
his office, twenty thousand four hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer of the Light-House Board, nine thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
' In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, labor, blank-books, binding, seal-
ing ships'registers, translating foreign languages,
advertising, and extra clerk hire for preparing and
collecting information to be laid before Congress,
and for miscellaneous items, twenty thousand
dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks who may
be employed by the Secretary, according to the
exigencies of the public service, fifty thousand
dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, blank-books, binding, stationery,
public documents, State and Territorial statutes,
and miscellaneous items, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, including subscription to the
National Intelligencer, to be bound and preserved
for the use of the office, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, subscription to the National In-
telligencer, including one thousand five hundred
dollars for furnishing rooms in the Treasury build-
ing for the office, and expenses of removing the
office from its present location, three thousand
dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For blank-books, bi nding, stationery, office fur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, and for addi-
tional office furniture for the contemplated increase
of the clerical force of the office, two thousand
dollars.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office fur-
niture, carpeting, two newspapers, preserving files
and papers, bounty land service, and miscellane-
ous items, two thousand two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For contingen t expenses of the office, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, office furniture, and
miscellaneous expenses,in which are included two
daily newspapers, one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department:
For blank-books, binding and ruling, furniture,
carpeting, stationery, horse and carriage for the
use of the office, labor, lights, and miscellaneous
items, ten thousand one hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For contingent expenses of the office, one thou-
sand five hundi'ed dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For ruling and full-binding books for recording
collectors'quarterly abstracts of commerce and
navigation,and blank abstracts for their use, blank-
books, binding, and stationery, arranging and
binding canceled marine papers, cases for official
papers and records, and miscellaneous items, in-
cluding office fnrniture and carpeting, six thousand
dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, labor,
and miscellaneous items, and for statutes and
reports, two thousand two hundred dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, two thousand dollars.
Light-House Board:
For stationery, miscellaneous expenses, and
postage, six hundred dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building, including the Extension.
For compensation of twelve watchmen and
eleven laborers of the southeast executive build-
ing, thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, fuel,
light, labor, and miscellaneous items, twenty
thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the clerks, messenger, assistant messen-
gers, watchmen, and laborers in his office, forty-
one thousand seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, packers, watchmen, and la-
borers in his office, one hundred and seventy-five
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For additional clerks in the General Land Office,
under the act of third March, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty land, and
for laborers employed therein, fifty-eight thou-
sand four hundred dollars: Provided,That the Sec-
retary of the Interior, at his discretion, shall be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to use any portion
of said appropriation for piece work, or by the
day, week, month, or year, at such rate or rates
as he may deem just and fair, not exceeding a
salary of twelve hundred dollars per annum.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, watchmen, and laborer m his office,
thirty-one thousand nine hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers in his office, one
hundred and ten thousand five hundred and forty
dollars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For books, stationery, furniture, fuel, lights,
and other contingencies, and for books and maps
for the library, seven thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office building,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing Con-
gressional journals and documents, in pursuance
of the provisions contained in the joint resolution
of Congress approved twenty-eighth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and act fifth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, six thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the said journals and
documents shall be sent to such libraries and pub-
lic institutions only as snail signify a willingness
to pay the cost of the transportation of the same.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
General Land Office:
For cash system and military patents, under
lawsprior to thirtieth September,eighteen hundred
and fifty; patent and other records; tract-books
and blank-books for this and the district land of-
fices; binding plats and field notes; stationery, fur-
niture and repairs of same, and miscellaneous
items, including two of the daily city newspapers,
to be filed, bound, and preserved for the use of
the office; also, for contingent expenses, in addi-
tion, under swamp land act of twenty-eighth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty, military boun-
ty land acts of twenty-eighth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty, and twenty-second March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and act thirty-first
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the
satisfaction of Virginia land warrants, and for con-
tingent expenses under act of third March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five,granting bounty lands,
patent and other records, stationery, and miscel-
laneous items, on account of bounty land under
said act, thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses attend-
ing the same, including pay of furnace-keeper, two
thousand dollars.
Pension Office:
For stationery, binding books, furniture and
repairing the same; miscellaneous items, includ-
ing two daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office; and for
engraving and retouching plates for bounty land
warrants, printing and binding the same, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and the clerk and messenger in his
office, four thousand two hundred dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, plans, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, five hundred
dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, ana the clerks in his office, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California, and the clerks in his office, fifteen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory,and theclerks in his office,
seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
New Mexico, and the clerks in his office, seven
thousand dollars.
For compensation of translator in the office of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, one thou-
sand eight hundred and twen,ty-six dollarsmnd
nine cents.
