840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
an opportunity of criticising the conduct of the
Army, after the news from Halleck in Missouri,
and from our Army all over the country, I hope
that the gentleman from Kentucky will give them
a full swing.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am willing to let them
shoulder their muskets and go upon the field of
battle, for which they show so much aptitude.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I desire to put a
question to the gentleman from Missouri. It is
this: I haveheard.and I wish the gentleman from
Missouri to say whether it has come to his knowl-
edge, that General Patterson, as late as Saturday
evening, so far from following the forcc of General
Johnson, which had eluded him, telegraphed here
for reinforcements in order to hold his position?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I never heard that
General Patterson had the audacity to do that
thing. I never knew that it was any part of the
shortcomings of General Patterson to ask for re-
inforcements when he had double the men under
him that Johnson had. I have never scon any
man who could prove that General Patterson hud
ever put himself in danger. That lias never been
satisfactorily proved against him. Nor that he
was even willing to put himself in danger.
I say to the House, what I believe to bo true,
that General Patterson telegraphed to General
Scott that General Johnson had eluded him. I
believe that that was telegraphed on Friday. If
not on Friday, it certainly was on Saturday. That
fact was well known here. The President of the
United States suggested to General Scott not to
move againstthe enemy until the army here could
be reinforced by the army of General Patterson.
I know that to be true. But General Scott per-
sisted in making the fight. General Scott moved
the troops against Manassas under the protest of
the Presidentand the Secretary of War. I know
that to be true; and I know that the whole dis-
aster was brought about by our then commander-
in-chief. I asserted it five months ago, and no
man could be found in the House to deny it. It
has never been successfully controverted, in the
House or out of it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Missouri if the Secretary of
War, General Cameron, was then in this city. [
mean at the time of the protest of the President
to General Scott, to which he refers?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I believe that he
was on the other side of the river. He came back
and ordered up reinforcements. He was on the
other side of the river accompanying the army;
but he soon came back, and ordered reinforce-
ments.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wanted to fix
the time. General Cameron was at Centreville on
Saturday. I would like to know from the gentle-
man at what time General Johnson, with his eight
thousand men, arrived at Manassas? 1 understood
the gentleman to say he was there at the beginning
of tho battle. At what time exactly did General
Johnson arrive there?
Mr, BLAIR, of Missouri. I was not one of
the unfortunate members of Congress who were
there.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois The gentleman
stated that it was known that General Johnson
was there at the beginning of the fight.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I tell the gentleman
that it was known here.
„ Mr. KELLOGG, of Missouri. At what time
does the gentleman state it was known that John-
son, with lus eight thousand men, was at Ma-
nassas ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will state to the
gentleman what I have already stated to the House.
It was known on Friday by telegraph from Gen-
eral Patterson—-if not on Friday, on Saturday—to
the President or General Scott, that General Joh n-
son had eluded him, and was on his way to Ma-
nassas. Idonotstateat what time they got there,
and I do not pretend to say.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I understood the
gentleman to say that General Johnson was there
at a particular time; but I suppose he did not mean
to say so.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I did not state that.
I said that General Pwtterson had telegraphed to
Washington that General Johnson had eluded
him, and was on his way to Manassas—had tele-
graphed it to General Scott; and that the President
protested against the movement of the army
againstManassasuntilPatterson could be brought
here to reinforce our troops.
Mr. KELLOGG, af Illinois. I am glad the
gentleman has made that explanation, for I un-
derstood him to say that it was known that John-
son was there at the commencement of this fight.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield to me to set this thing right?
Mr. COX. I object to any further yielding.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have in my hand
the statement I made in August.
TheSPEAKERproiempore. Objection is made;
and the gentleman from Kentucky is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. COX. I insist upon my objection.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I want to read to
the House the statement I made.
Mr. COVODE. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to yield to me to set this matter right.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Objection is made;
and the Chair must enforce the rule. The gentle-
men from Kentucky is upon the floor.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection, so far as
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] is con-
cerned.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, to read what he has in his hand.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have in my hand
the debate which took place on the 1st of August,
after the battle of Bull Run, when I spoke m reply
to some remarks which were then made. On that
occasion I said:
" Hut T go further, m reference to what occurred piior to
that battle, and say thai the Picsidont, utter he had informa-
tion that Geneial Johnson had escaped tlnough the hands
of General Patterson and had joined General Beauregard on
Friday evening, went to General Scott and suggested the
propriety of waiting until Patterson's corps could come up
and reinforce the army that was then before Manassas; but
so liimly fixed was General Scott's determination to attack
the enemy then and there, that tho Presidcnt'3 suggestion
was disregarded. The Secretary of War also returned from
the field before the battle, and endeavored to induce Gen-
eral Scott to send forward reinforcement5'; he urged it again
and again ; and finally suceeeded in having five regiments
bent, two of which reached Centreville befoie the retreat
commenced. / make these statements, and I make them
for the purpose oi pi eventing General Scott from being ex-
hibited to the country, as has been attempted to be done
by his friends, as availing the President and his Admims-
natlon."
That is the statement I made then, and I state
now m addition, that nobody could be found in
this House, or outside of this House, to controvert
that statement.
Mr. COVODE. I insist now on conecting this
matter.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman from Ohio is
objecting: very 
The SPE A KER pro tempore. Objection is made,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania is out of
order. *
Mr! COVODE, (amid cries of " Order !" from
the Chair and the House.) The gentleman is ob-
jecting very strangely, in oider to pievent the
truth from being brought out.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Kentucky to permit the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to explain. Let us have the whole
statement, that wc may have a fair understanding
of this subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state to the gentleman from Illinois that it is not
m the power of the gentleman from Kentucky to
yield, if any member objects.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I shall not yield any
further.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to yield to me that I may introduce a res-
olution about horse contracts. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. On Monday we can ventilate all
this thins;.
Mr. COVODE. Does the gentleman from Ohio
object to my making an explanation?
Tiie SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
objects to all interruptions.
Mr. COX. I made no specific objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope, the gentleman, from
Ohio will withdraw all objection, We want to
hear the whole matter.
Mr. COX I withdraw it.
Mr. COVODE. The floor has been yielded to
me by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. CRAVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a few words/
The SPEAKER pro tempore. To whom does
the gentleman from Kentucky yield?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. COVODE. I am to be ruled out all around.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CRAVENS. I understand the gentleman
from Kentucky yields the floor to me. I would
not claim it at his hand, or at the hands of the
House, were it not for the fact that the gentleman
has alluded to members of Congress being com-
plicated with the unfortunate retreat or defeat ot
our army at Manassas. I know he does not make '
that remark through any feeling of unkindness;
but from being impressed, no doubt, from the
newspaper statements at the time, that members
of Congress were mixed up with that retreat, and
were, to a degree, responsible for it. I therefore
take this occasion to say to that gentleman, in all
frankness and kindness, so far as one member of
Congress is concerned, myself—being unfortu-
nately present on that occasion—that the charge
is without truth, or without foundation. I can
say this also for some of my colleagues who were
present upon that occasion. I am not prepared
to make the same statement in regard to all the
members of Congress there, for I have no knowl-
edge in reference to them; but my impression is
that there is no truth in the charge, that members
of Congress were responsible for that retreat.
My colleague [Mr. Voorhees] from Indiana has
given to you what I believe to be the truth in ref-
erence to the matter—that General Johnson came
upon the field of battle at a critical moment, and
through the influence of his forces, coming at the
crisis they did, that retreat and defeat was caused.
As far as I am individually concerned—and I
would not upon this occasion, had it not been her-
alded through all the papers, allude to myself—
havingfound myself in that condition, I felt it my
duty to participate, so far as a civilian could par-
ticipate, in resisting the unfortunate state of af-
fairs that was brought upon the American Army;
and Ijjtndertake to say there is no man who was
there will pretend to say that a member of the
House, myself included, did not do all a civilian
could do to arrest it. I did not participate in that
flight. I neither ran nor followed the army. I
remained at Centreville until the next morning.
I say more than that. I say our men fought no-
bly and gallantly, the volunteers especially, upon
that occasion. The truth of this whole matter has
not been known as a general thing. Mr. Shanks,
my colleague from Indiana, Mr. Lane, of the Sen-
ate, and a number of other Congressmen, tried to
rally the troops to do their duty. The charge,
though innocently made, goes into history; and
it is that members of Congress participated and
are responsible for that retreat. My humble judg-
ment is that they are not.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WICKLIFFE. As the gentleman is a
member of the committee of investigation, he will
have ample opportunity to investigate the facts.
But I have no objection if the House will indulge
him.
Mr. COVODE. I do not intend to say anything
thatwjll complicate the committee of which 1 am
a member, so I will relieve the gentleman from
Kentucky upon that score.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman is going
to argue about his committee I object to it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COVODE. With the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] I have no issue whatever, as to
the number of troops at Winchester. The num-
ber of troops appear to have been represented as
being forty thousand. The gentleman from Mis-
souri represents there were not half that number.
In that respect I have no issue with him; but m
regard to the telegraphic dispatch from General
Patterson, I have been astonished that the gentle-
man from Missouri has persisted so long in argu-
ingwith gentleman upon this floor who had their
hands tied, and were not in a position to answer
him, when it was*boldly asserted by them that
that dispatch was never sent by General Patter-
son. The gentleman from Missouri says it was
sent by General Patterson. General Patterson did
not know on Saturday, the last day the gentleman
refers to, that General Johnson had eluded him.
He knew nothing about it.
