2,822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
industry, fidelity ,and integrityofour Auditorsand
Comptrollers, and the committees of the House
and of the Senate; and however faithful they all
may be, we all of us certainly know that they have
not time, and never can have time, to give due de-
liberation to such claims as will be thrown in here
upon them.
Then I say, sir, that this bill has a double pur-
pose. It is to give notice to allloyal men that their
just claimsshall be paid; but, on the other hand, it
is-to warn all disloyal and all dishonest men that
they cannot come here and plunder the Treasury.
The plan is a simple one. It limits the claims to
those only of loyal persons; limits them within
certain fixed ana well-defined rules, and exacts
from the claimant before he presents his claim to
the commission, that he shall give public notice of
the amount of his claim, for what he claims,and
state the names of the witnesses upon whom he
relies to prove his claim, so that your commis-
sioners, assisted by the solicitor for the Govern-
ment, can protect the Government against all
fraud. That is one great feature of the bill, and it
strikes me that it is the main one. Hence it is, I
say, that the main purpose of this bill is t,o save
the Treasury from fraudulent claims. It will take
much to pay just claims; it will save more in the
exclusion of the dishonest.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that this bill is absolutely
necessary to secure the payment of just claims and
to excludethe payment of dishonest claims; and I
will sayherein behalf ofthe Committee of Claims,
of which I am a member, that they have on this
occasion consulted the Secretary of War,and that
this bill in all its features, and especially in that
pertaining to the jurisdiction of the commissioners
and the class of claims excluded, has the consent
and approval of the Secretary of War. He as-
sured us that itis necessary, and he gives it as his
opinion that we have framed a good, safe, and
prudent bill, which will meet the necessities of
the case.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I make the point that it is not in
order to cite here the opinion, either given off-
hand or upon deliberation, of the Secretary of War
or any other person like the Secretary of War in
the Government, in order to press a bill through
this House, or to prevent its passage.
Mr. WALTON. I wilt take all that back ifit
disturbs my friend from New York. I thought it
proper to mention it, because these claims belong,
in course, to the War Department.
The SPEAKER.})™ tempore. The Chair did not
notice thatthe gentlemanfrom Vermont wasspeak-
ing outof ordep,and the Chair overrules the point
made by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the Chair
rule that it is in order to cite,upon this floor, the
opinion of one of 'the Secretaries as authority in
favor of tire passage of a bill ?
Mr. WALTON. 1 only said that he expressed
that opinion to the committee.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the Chair
rule that ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sees no
impropriety in any member stating to the House
what he understands to be the opinion of any
member of the Cabinet—either the Secretary of
War or any other officer of the Government. It
has been very commonly the practice here, ac-
cording to the recollection of the Chair, to state,
upon the floor, that the Secretary desires such and
such a thing, or recommends such a measure.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call for the
reading of the rule.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What rule?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call for the
reading of the rule upon this subject, the number
of which I do not now recollect. The Clerk can
readily turn to it. My point is not that the gen-
tleman from Vermont was guilty of impropriety
or indecorum in debate, but that it is not in order,
and is not a legitimate argument here, to say that
the Secretary of War is for or against a given
measure.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state in reply that he has never understood it to
be the province of the Chair to decide what is
legitimate and what illegitimate argument; but if
there is any rule of the House which settles the
question, if the gentleman will refer to it, it will
be read.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call for the
reading of the rule which was referred to here
several days ago on this subject.
Mr. WALTON. Does the gentleman take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
desires to have a rule read which he is now en-
deavoring to find.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suggest to my friend
from New York to let the speech go on, and we
can settle this question some other time. I do not
think the opinion of the Secretary of War has any
influence on this question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order, and the gentleman from
Vermont will proceed.
Mr. WALTON. In framing this bill, the Com-
mittee of Claims have followed as nearly as they
could the precedent furnished in the act of 1816.
It was found during the war of 1812, just as it is
found now, .that the number of claims was so
large, arising in all parts of the country, that it
was absolutely necessary to have a commission
appointed for the purpose of examination and set-
tlement. By the act of 1816, a single commis-
sioner was appointed, with a clerk, who resided
here in this city, and the task was devolved upon
him of examining and deciding all claims when
the amount did notexceed $200; but in every case
where the claim exceeded that amount, he had the
right to appoint commissioners for the purpose of
taking testimony in those portions of the country
where the claims arose; in short, the act provided
for many commissioners to do the work which this
bill assignsto three commissioners. So, too, in re-
gard to the rules for the admission of claims, we
have conformed as nearly as we could consistently
with the exigencies of the case to the rules adopted
in 1816. As I have before observed, we have been
somewhat more liberal, because the commission
is not to decide the cases, as in 1816, when the
amount was less than two hundred dollars; but
they are to reportthefactsin every case,with their
opinions, in writing, and nothing is to be paid
until Congress shall concur in the opinion of the
commissioners.
I come now to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Webster,]
which is to strike out that portion of the tenth
section of the bill which provides that the com-
missioners shall not take cognizance of any claims
against the United States for the loss, value, or
services of any slave or person of color, nor for
damage or loss arising from his or her escape,
capture or detention. The complaint of the gen-
tleman from Maryland is that we have made no
provision here for payment for the services of
slaves, or even of free persons of color, while they
are in employment in the Army. Now, the gen-
tleman from Maryland and the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] have both omitted to
notice the important fact that there is no-provision
at all in the bill for payment for personal services.
The committee intended that there should be no
such provision, and no examination of claims for
personal services, and there is a very good reason
for it. Why, sir, I went to the (Quartermaster
General's office to inform myself upon this mat-
ter, to know whether it was necessary to put any
provision in this bill for the payment of claims for
personal services; and the\-c I was informed that
there was no such necessity at all, that in every
case where a slave, or free person of color, or
white man, not regularly attached to the Army by
enlistment, is employed in any garrison or fort,
or in any service under the military authorities,
his name must go upon the pay roll. The pay
rolls themselves constitute, therefore, the best
evidence and the only evidence of such services.
There is no need of any other evidence, and there
ought to be no other.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman whether there
is a written report in this case ?
Mr. WALTON. The bill was reported by the
chairman of the Committee of Claims; and my
impression is that no written report was made.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I say that there is no rea-
son under heaven why there should be any pro-
vision in this bill to pay for the service of persons
employed in the Army, because the fact of their
employment and the amount due them appears
on the pay roll.
Mr. WEBSTER. I desire to ask my friend
and colleague on the committee how compensa-
tion would be obtained for the service of the fer-
ryman who was drowned in taking troops over
the Patuxent river in the case I have cited?
Mr. WALTON. I am aware that that is a pe-
culiar case, as the officer who employed the slave
in the transportation of troops across the rivet-
was drowned when the slave himself was. I can-
not myself see very well how the evidence could
come properly to the quartermaster's department.
Still that is an exceptional case. In ordinary
cases, where the slave is employed or impressed,
as this slave was, I suppose the officer gives a cer-
tificate, which is presented at the Quartermaster
General's office, and there the service is paid for.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Web-
ster] cannot see the reason why the tenth section
of the bill should be inserted. Well, I confess
I doubted somewhat its necessity or propriety,
since the bill does not touch personal service, until
I heard a brief argument made against it in com-
mittee by the gentleman from Maryland. I then
became perfectly satisfied that the section ought
to remain. The third section provides that the
commissioners shall have cognizance of all claims
against the United States which shall be presented
to them by any person who, during the present
rebellion, has sustained or may sustain damages
by theloss of any property which has been or may
be taken by publicauthority for the use or occupa-
tion of the Army. " Property; "that is the word.
Now, I know that my friend from Maryland
may claim, and I think he did so substantially in
his speech, that the Government ought to pay
not only for the service of the slave, but if he is
killed, captured, or lost, it ought also to pay for
his value.
Mr. WEBSTER. I know my friend does not
wan tto misstate my position, and that he will there-
fore allow me to correct lym. It is, that where
a slave had been impresse* into the service with-
outhis master's consent, and without any contract
being made, there the Government ought to pay
his owner for him in case he is killed or lost. But
that where the slave has gone into the service with
the consent of his master, and where the master
makes acontract with a view to the conscqucnccs,
and takes upon himself the risk of the conse-
quences, he cannot claim compensation for the loss
of his slave.
Mr. WALTON. In the rule that has always
been adopted by the Government, no distinction
has been made between the services of a person
impressed and the services of one who voluntarily
joins the Army. Now, the reason of putting in
this tenth section is, that it was apprehended that
claims would be made in all the slave States for
the loss of slaves, where they were killed in bat-
tle or captured or lost; and it was for the purpose
of excluding the commissioners from considering
any claims of that character that the section was
drawn up. I think it is right, because the rule of
the Government is not to pay for anything except
the actual service rendered, and that is the rule
with regard to all persons serving in the Army,
without distinction of position, race, condition, or
color. It may be contended that slaves are prop-
erty, and it is upon that plea, [ apprehend, that
the commissioners will or may be called on to
consider claims for the value of slaves lost. Now,
I think that under the Constitution of the United
States slaves are not property within the meaning
of that word as applied to horses, mules, cattle,
wagons, carts, boats, &c., for which provision
was made by the act of 1849; and I will add, by
the way, that as that act is still in force, this bill
does not touch that class of property.
The Constitution defines exactly and explicitly
what is the right of a master over his slave. It is
nothing but his right to the slave's " service or
labor." Itis precisely the right of a master to
the service or labor of an apprentice; and I think
that illustration was given by the Supreme Court
in the Dred Scott case. It is like the claim of a
father to the labor or service of his minor son.
Now, was it ever known that any master, who
had lost his apprentice in war, came to the Gov-
ernment and claimed and received compensation
for the loss of the service of that apprentice?
Was it ever known that a father, who had lost
his minor son in buttle, ever made a claim or re-
ceived compensation for the loss of the service o{
that son ? No sir. Nothing of the kind, either
in regard to fathers, masters, or owners; and it
strikes me that to pay for the lost service of slaves,
