34*-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
3'?TH'G0N6....2D SESS.
Laws of the United States.
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars: Provided, That five thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
iftali be used to revise and print the laws of New
Mexico.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand dollars.
F«fr contingent expenses of Said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
.For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Washington.
. For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerk, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nebraska.
For salaries <>f governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Colorado.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, nine thousand seven hundred dollars.
Fpr contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Eegislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nevada.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, nine thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollais.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, nine thousand seven hundred dollars.
Forcontingentexpenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of. the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
judiciary.
Forsalaries ofthe Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, and eight associate justices, fifty-four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, one hundred
and fifteen thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For salary of the circuit judge of California,
six thousand dollars.
For salaries of 'the chief justice of the District
of Columbia, the associate judges, and the judges
of the criminal cou-ft'and the orphans' court, fif-
teen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Office <f the Attorney General.
Forsalaries of the Attorney General, Assistant
Attorney General, and the clerks and messenger
in his office, twenty thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
Contingent expenses of the office of the At-
torney Genera], namely:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and mis
cellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
For the purchase of law and necessary books
for the office of the Attorney General, two hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary expend
itures in the disposal of private land claims in Cal-
ifornia, ten thousand dollars.
For special and other extraordinary expenses
of California land claims, twenty thousand dol-
For salary of the reporter of the Decisions of
the Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
eighteen thpusand five hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the marshals, eleven thou-
sand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,
circuit, and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia; also for jurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred in the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and previous years; and likewise for
defraying the expenses of suits in which the Uni-
ted States are concerned, and of prosecutions for
offenses committed against the United States, and
for the safe-keeping of prisoners, one million dol-
lars.
independent treasury.
For salaries of the assistant treasurers .of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and Saint Louis, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For additional salaries of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia of one thousand dollars, and
of the treasurer of the branch mint at New Or-
leans of five hundred dollars, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaries of five additional clerks authorized
by'the acts of sixth August, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, and paid under acts of twelfth Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, third
March, eighteen hundred an^l fifty-five, and
twenty-seventh July,eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, six thousand dollars.
" For salary of additional clerks, messengers
and watchmen in office of assistant treasurer at
Boston, five thousand nine hundred dollars.
For salaries, of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men in the office of the assistant treasurer at New
York, twenty-one thousand one hundred dollars.
For additional amount for clerks, messenger,
and watchmen in office of assistant treasurer at
New York, ten thousand four hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and laborers
in the office of the assistant treasurer at Saint
Louis, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act of thirtieth Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the bet-
ter protection of the lives of passengers, by steam-
boats, with traveling and other expenses incurred
by them, eighty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, under the act sixth
August, eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the
safe-keeping, collection, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, in addition to pre-
mium which has been or may be received on trans-
fer drafts: Provided, That no part of said sum
shall be expended for clerical services, five thou-
sand dollai-s.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets in the Capitol, four hundred and
thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-one
laborers employed in the public grounds, thirteen
thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen em-
ployed at the President's House, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the assistant doorkeeper
at the President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman em-
ployed for the better protection of the buildings
lying south of the Capitol, and used as public
stables and carpenters' shops, six hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of watchmen employed on
reservation number two, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of four drawkeepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
three thousand two hundred and sixty-six dol-
lars.
For compensation of two drawkeepers at the
two bridges across the Eastern Branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one thousand
one hundred and eighty dollars.
For salary and other necessary expenses of the
Metropolitan police for the District of Columbia,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For furnace-keeper at the President's House,
six hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to employ a keeper of the three furnaces
under the old hall of the House of Representa-
tives, six hundred dollars.
For a deficiency for the present fiscal year for
keeping said furnaces nine months, four hundred
dollars.
Expenses of the Collection of Revenue from, Lands.
To meet the expenses of collecting the rev-
enue from the sale of public lands in the
several States and Territories:
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public moneys, two
hundred and fifteen thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For expenses of depositing public moneys by
receivers of public moneys, twenty-seven thou-
sand five hundred and fifty dollars.
For incidental expenses of the several land offi-
ces, forty thousand dollars.
penitentiary.
For compensation of the warden, clerk, phy-
sician, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
matron of the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, sixteen thousand and eighty dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said peni-
tentiary, thirteen thousand two hundred and nine-
ty-three dollars and seventy-five cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the service of the
fiscal year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, viz:
For keeping in repair and partially finishing
and furnishing the Post Office building, to be ex-
pended under the direction ofthePostmaster Gen-
eral, twenty thousand dollars.
For paperand printing blanks for the Executive
Departments, thirty thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the employ of the House of Representatives, three
thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven dollars
and twenty-four cents.
For compensation of clerks to committees, and
temporary clerks in the office of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, eight hundred and
twelve dollars.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and Dele-
gate in the first regular session of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, four thousand seven hundred
and seventy-eight dollars and forty cents.
For folding documents, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs, and boxes for mem-
bers, seven thousand dollars.
For newspapers, nine thousand three hundred
dollars.
PJor stationery, eight thousand three hundred
and seventy dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate,
namely:
For compensation of three messengers ap-
pointed under authority of a resolution of the
Senate of July nineteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, three thousand six hundred dollars.
For binding, twenty thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For reporting proceedings, three thousand dol-
lars .
For Congressional Globe and Appendix, at the
