1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
* Now, Mr. Speaker, let us look for a moment at
the title by which the committee is to hold the
credit of saving this sum. At one of the first meet-
ings of the committee, they called, as we might
have done, upon the Navy Department, for a com-
plete statement of contracts and purchases, with
the names and residence of the parties. On reach-
ing the city of New York, they called before them
Commodore Breeze, and this was before going to
New Bedford at all—and I am now partly upon a
rejoinder to the point of which my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] is tenacious—I want to
show him, not only that the money could have
been recovered without acommittee, but that there
was no Christopher Columbus upon this commit-
tee, no man who discovered a continent or even a
fraud. Commodore Breeze, in his statement be-
fore the committee, conveyed to them fully for all
practical purposes,*preliminary to the Govern-
ment instituting legal proceedings, the facts and
circumstances in regard to this transaction. And
what is more important still, he testified that he
had already given the facts to the Department.
They asked him if these vessels had recently
changed hands before the Government had re-
ceived them. I will read from his testimony:
" Answer. I heard indirectly that they had been sold at a
much less price to somebody el&e, whether at auction or
not 1 do not know. But the Government paid about seven
thousand three hundred dollars each for them. When I
got them tQ the dock of the yard I had to expend some two
thousand dollars upon tbeni by way of icpairs.
" Question. Who was this njjent you employed?
"•Answer. His name was Starbuck.
(l Question. Of whom did he make the purchase?
C{ Jj/iswer. They wore eitiz-ens of New Bedford, but I do
not recollect therr names."
Then follows a statemen t about the arrangement
made by Mr. Aspinwall for the payment for these
vessels; and then comes this evidence:
" Question. Who made the payment?
" Answer. Mr. Aspinwall; and hence I wrote to the De-
partment at Washington that, under th<> circumstance?, I
desired that Mr. Aspinwall might be considered the pur-
chaser and not myself. They acceded to that request, in-
asmuch as I wa-a ordered to coal the vessels and dispatch
them.
" Question. At what price did vou understand that these
vessels had been purchased shortly before tliev were pur-
chased by the Government?
t{ wfliMiecr. A letter waswiitten to one of myiicutwiant*,
by a resident of New Bedl'oicI, expressing his surpuse at
the pi lee paid, and stated that the vessels had been sold a
short tune before for $3,500 each.
" Question. Were the vessels worth moic than $3,500
each.*
" •Inswer. One of tlicm coitainly wa« notj and the other,
attcrwe put the repairs on her, might have been worth about
what we paid for her.
•' Question. State whether you informed the Navy Drjpait-
ment of the ciieumstnnces uudor which these vessels were
purchased through the agcncy of Mr. Aspinwall?
"•Answer. Certainly."
Now, Mr. Speaker, after that testimony was
delivered, the committee went to New Bedford, and
there the collector of that port and some other
public officers and a commission merchant ap-
peared before them and told the story over again
more fully than Commodore Breeze had donefbut
whether more fully than he had communicated to
the Department, does not appear. Shortly after-
WJUi' district attorney of the southern district
of New York instituted proceedings for the re-
covery of the money. In consequence of these
proceedings, Starbuck disgorged and paid back
themoneytoMr. Cisco, the sub-Treasurer at New
York, and a certificate of that fact was handed to
the committee, and they sent it by mail to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and then put down in their
journal, with solemn formality, that on such a day
was transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury ,
through the acting chairman of the committee, a
certificate ofdeposit with Mr. Ciseofor$6,lG6 48.
Now, my point is this: Commodore Breeze had
ascertained this fraud and had lodged in the Navy
Department information of the fact. The remain-
ing step necessary was to direct the district attor-
ney for the southern district of New York to pros-
ecute the claim, and I want to know whether it
was necessary to send a committee of seven mem-
beis oi this House, with a stenographer and Ser-
geant-at-Arms, all the way up to New Bedford to
see the collector of the customs there and others,
who have constant communication with the Gov-
ernmcnt here, and are no doubt frequently here
themselves; and especially when Starbuck. the
known actor in the matter, was all the time a busi-
ness man, not in New Bedford, but in New York ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman omits to state
that., after all these papers were laid before the
Navy Department by Commodore Breeze, the
Navy Department nevertheless paid for the vessel
the full price asked for by this charter; and he
omits to state—I suppose because it did not at-
tract his attention—that the reason the district
attorney instituted process was because the com-
mittee, on their return from New Bedford, laid
their testimony before him, and was in his office
when it was instituted, and when the money was
paid over. I suppose that that did not attract his
attention.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Will the Chair
be kind enough to inform me how rriuch time I
have left ?
The SPEAKER. Eighteen minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Permit me 
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The gentleman
will pardon me, I trust, for declining to yield fur-
ther; my time is so nearly-gone.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to consume the
gentleman's time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Let me set the
gentleman right about his facts. NeithertheNavy
Department nor the Government ever paid Star-
buck at all. Howland & Aspinwall paid him,
having advanced the money or credit to him be-
fore he left New York to buy the ships. All the
Government had to do with making payment was
to reimburse Howland & Aspinwall. This was
done, of course. They had advanced the money
in good faith, and were entitled to its repayment
on every principle of equity, regardless of Star-
buck's acts. This disposes of all the gentleman
says 1 omitted to state, except that the Govern-
ment had not been as expeditious as it might have
been, and ill ordinary times probably would have
been, in taking steps to reclaim from Starbuck
the excess of money in his hands. This is as
natural as it is true. The pressure of events has
been such that, no doubt, all classes of prosecu-
tions directed by the Executive Departments at
Washington are far in arrears, unless, perhaps, it
be those of a very important public nature. But
it would all have come in due time, committee or
no committee. I am fully persuaded that it is an
error to suppose that a congressional committee
was needed, or essentially useful, cither in the
Starbuck or the Bolter matter, which latter has
been referred to as a saving of $1,300,000 by the
committee. The Boker contract, as will be seen
from the report of General Ripley, (pp. 75 to 84, in-
clusive,) needed no investigation or action beyond
that instituted by the appropriate Department.
The whole facts were of record in the War Office,
and underwent thorough scrutiny there in the
regular old-fashioned way. The matter was re-
ferred to the commission on contracts for arms,
and after that was adjusted by the Secretary of
War.
Now, Mr. Speaker, passing by several other
things, I come to the cost of such investigations.
The present committee is an expensive luxury; it
can hardly be deemed one of the necessaries of
life; 1 do not know but it should have been taxed
in the tax bill, as one of the showy ornaments of
legislation. There is an expense account which
ought to be preserved as one of the relics of the
rebellion, and I propose to take it out and air it a
little this morning. The gross sum cannot yet be
stated accurately, but I understand that $20,000
hasalready been received by these gentlemen, who
have made the tour of the continent at the public
expense. In addition to this sum considerable
amounts are still outstanding. These amounts are
thousands more. I call the attention of the House
to the journal of the committee, containing as it
does, an en try such as other jou rnals do not con tain,
an entry which I commend to the curious and the
honest. While the committee remained here, that
is before it began to rove, two things are notice-
able in its journal; one is, that it was content with
the homely phraseology of civil life, and the other
is, that some one was responsible as the author
and mover of the resolutions of the committee.
The form was, "on motion of Mr. So and So,
resolved." But when they took the field, they
dropped resolved and adopted the more expressive
and authoritative military term of "ordered."
One of the first orders they made, is an order which
nobody stands sponsor for; it is anonymous and
needs to be carefully read to be comprehended. I
commend it to those accomplished in the science
of statutory construction, and to those who would
like to know how money is sometimes rapidly
acquired. Here it is, August 29, 1861. at New
York :
t; Ordered, That the Sergeant-at-Arms bo. directed to pay,
as a part ot tlie expenses of this committee, the traveling
and other accessary expenses of the several members theie-
of, and also thoir necessary traveling and other expenses
while attending to the duties of the committee; the allow-
ance lor traveling from their respective places of residence,
and pay while on the duties of the committee to be the
same as that usually paid to witnesses."
That is twenty cents a mile, ten cents each way,
and a per diem of two dollars beside. Now, sir,
there are some unpleasant rumors on this subject
owing to " mistakes of the printer," or to " con-
founding different men of the same name." It is
said that members of this reform committee have
taken the amount of money indicated there, and
had their expenses profusely paid beside out of
the impoverished public Treasury. I can hardly
believe it. 1 su^gtst to the lawyers of the House
some questions in regard to such an appropriation
of public money to private use merely as ques-
tions of law. The Constitution of the United
States says that Representatives in Congress shall
receive a compensation to be " ascertained by laio."
That is what the Constitution says. The law
says that each Representative shall receive $G,000
a Congress—that is, for the two sessions—and
mileage by the most usually traveled route from
his home to the capital. That, then, is the amount
"ascertained bylaw." Now,if there is any law or
warrant anywhere by which $5,000, besides all
their pay, had been put into the pockets of certain
members of this body before they made their re-
port on the 17th of December—and some thou-
sands more have been taken since that time—I
should like to hear that statute read,even though
it should consume all my time.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr,
Dawes,] in his modest recitals of his labors, stated
that he had ridden and ridden " while others
slept." There is something very touching in that;
Jack Downing would have called it" teching." On
a previous occasion tlje same gentleman asserted
that he had ridden six thousand miles " without
compensation." I confess,in thelightofthe factsas
they turn out, these long rides are hard; they must
be so irksome and fatiguing. I pity the gentleman,
as I see him now in my mind's eye the chosen
champion of economy, the knight-errant of scru-
pulous honesty and pecuniary exactness, mounted
on his favorite Rosdiiante, attended by hisfaithful
Sancho Pnnza, the sergcant-at-arms, and attended
further by a stenographer to record his heroic
struggles with those who would take anything'
from the Treasury, leaving his home slowly and
sadly, in these troublous times, and proceeding
from Boston to St. Louis, from St. Louis to New
Bedford, from New Bedford to Harrisburg, from
Harrisburg to New York, and all for the low price
of twenty cents a mile, besides free living and pay
per diem. There is nothing like it for cheapness;
it beats the showman's advertisement where he
says, " the speakingpig, thefatboy,TomThumb,
and the slippery wiggler, and all for the low price
of one shilling." Now, Mr. Speaker, this com-
mittee never received from this House, even if the
House could give it, any permission to take, this
moneyand convert it to private use. On theeon-
trary,the resolution was,
" That the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House be directed to
attend in person, or by assistant, the sittings of the com-
mittee, and serve nil the subpenrn put intohb hands by the
committee, pay the lees of all witnesses, and the necessary
expenses of the committee
There is not a shadow of right to mileage here,
still less to per diem.
They report, December 17, that" the members"
had traveled between six and seven thousand
miles. This would amount, in mileage alone,
without per diem or expenses up to that time, to
about five thousand dollars.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Has any other com-
mittee taken it?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. None that I have
ever heard of. I had the honor once to serve on
a special investigating committee, and it went to
New York, and rode "while others slept," and
worked while others slept; but no man on that
committee ever dreamed of taking mileage and
per diem. My colleague asks whether members
of any other committee have taken mileage or per
diem. If the Covode committee did so, my col-
league {Mr. Olin"] will know it; he was a member
of it. If the committee on the conduct of the war
has done so, no doubt some gentleman will bp
