18g6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
wbichyouhadcommittedtome; andl willsayfor
my colleagues, who have labored no less diligently
and faithfully than myself, we endeavored to dis-
charge those duties without fear, favor, or affec-
tion. No man's politics and no man's position
had any influence upon the manner in which those
duties were discharged,and inourreportwe have
nothing extenuated nor set down aught in malice.
We have notclaimcd much of the attention of the .
House, and what has been claimed has been
claimed in defense of the committee from the as-
saults made upon it. And by whom ? Sir, it was
the " unkindest cut of all" when the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, the able and
distinguished member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] the leader of the House, and, as it were,
holding the purse-strings of the nation, rose in
this House and attacked us a week ago Monday
last, when every member was absent on official
duty, charging that the committee had committed
more frauds than it had detected; and to-day his
ii pitiful imitator" comes in in the same way.
Sir, the attack of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania—the Ways and Means chairman—I say
was, from his position, the unkindest cut of all.
It was known that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania and the member from New York had been
for some time charged with these attacks upon us,
and the contractors and plunderers have for two
weeks held high carnival over the prospect that
our committee was tu be demolished and disgraced
by this House, and then they could have " free
course, run, and be glorified." Sir, it was fair
to give us notice of these attacks, that we might
at least be prepared to die with decency. The
attacks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania are
not to be^despised, for he has character enough
without ability and ability enough without char-
acter to crush almost any committee, and we were
prepared forhis biting scarcasm and his blistering
invective, and we have received jt, and yet we sur-
vive. Wc have also listened to the very poor and
pitiful attack of the member fi om New York. Sir,
I do not come here to defend the personal honor
or personal character of this committee. When
the member from New York wants to make any
charges, let him make them like a man and not
like a skulking coward, and then we will be ready
to meet them. Sir, apologies are made for crime
and never for virtue. The member, too, in " piti-
ful imitation," has undertaken to hold us up here
as costing the Government moie than we have
saved, and he has gone to figuring out our ex-
penses. Why did not ho sneak into the Ctark's
office and ascertain how much each member had
been paid, and then produce the amount to the
House? And let me reply to his assertion here,
that no committee had ever before taken anything
for traveling expenses of this kind. Sir, the mem-
ber, if he knew anything about it, must have
known that that statement was false, for no com-
mittee of this character has ever been appointed
by the House wheie the traveling and other ne-
cessary expenses of the members of which have
not been paid. Is there a man who complains of
what expenses I have been paid or what my col-
leagues on the committee have been paid ? If there
is, let him stand up and say so
While our fellow-members here, during the
recess of Congress, were at their homes with their
families, and pursuing their ordinary vocations
and professions, the committee gave up everything
to discharge the duties with which the House in-
trusted them. And now the clamor is to dis-
charge the committee. Let me say, Mr. Speaker,
that if the House believes thechaiges which have
been made against the committee, it will be un-
just to itself and unjust to the country unless, be-
fore it adjourns to-night, it shall discharge the
committee and place upon their foreheads the
brand of dishonor. If we have failed to discharge
our duty, or ore amenable to the charges which
have been made against us, I call upon every man
here to vote to-day to discharge us. I am sure
the committee will gratefully accept their dis-
charge. Conscious of what they have done,they
will accept it as a tribute to their fidelity, which
has already led them to bo attacked by the mem-
ber from New York, and by every plunderer and
thief and robber who has broken into the Treas-
ury. While we have been thus engaged, I find
that the member from New York was bcste°in°- j
the doors of the Wai Department in order to^et 1
contracts foi one uf ins constituents. Ho jS a |
pretty man to come in here and lecture this com-
mittee !
The member has been addressing solemn argu-
ment to the House in relation to what the com-
mittee has saved to the Government and what it
has expended. Why, these are all matters of
record, and the history of the Department and the
appointed commissions will show the amounts
which have been savedto the Governmentthrough
the labors and through the instrumentalities inau-
gurated by this committtee. In the western de-
partment alone, I am told, nearly two millions of
dollars will be saved through our investigations,
and in the arms contracts, one of which the member
himself sought to obtain, as I have stated, I was
recently told by one of the commissioners, Judge
Holt, that if Congress and the Government would
sustain him, he thought he would be able to save
some seven or eight millions.more. Nearly ten mil-
lions saved through the investigations of this com-
mittee and commissions appointed upon evidence
taken by the committee and upon the recommend-
ations of the committee. And we think, from
further evidence taken and presented to the De-
partments, and from other commissions to be ap-
pointed, there will be yet two more millions saved.
Sir, twelve millionsof dollars saved to the people
and the tax payers of the country—as much as it
cost to carry on the whole Government under the
administration of John duincy Adams for one
year. And yet the committee are to be held up
to the country as spending the people's money!
How much, sir, has been spent by this com-
mittee in the examinations producing the results
stated? How much for ten thousand miles travel;
how much for the examination and for payment
of mileage of witnesses—nearly five hundreel have
testified; how much for the report of the testi-
mony—two or three thousand pages? Twenty
thousand dollars is all that has been appropriated
for all the committees ofinvestigation of the House;
and I undertake to say, deducting what the com-
mittee has paid into the Treasury in dollars and
cents, the total expenditure of the committee thus
far is not more than ten or twelve thousand dol-
lars, and T assert no committee has over conducted
its operations with a more strict regard to econ-
omy. Butwhy talk about this? I scorn to defend
the committee for theirexpenditures. If the House
believe they are not to be trusted with the little
expenditures necessary to cairy on its work, it
is another reason to discharge it. We arc not dis-
appointed, however, in the attack; we knew well
we should encounter all this opposition and all
this obloquy. Weknew whose paths we crossed.
We knew when we touched the quick. We knew
that the harpies and plunderers who have the
Treasury by the throat would be upon our heels;
and we knew, too, full well who were their sym-
pathizers and who were their abettors, both in
this House and outof this House. We, of course,
did not expect and could not afford to have their
approval. These men do not like the committee;
they want it discharged; it is an uncomfortable
institution; indeed, it is an expensive one, too.
The expense troubles them. The committee is
doing great damage. Of course, they do not like
it; and why should they, for it is well known
u No rogue e'er felt the halter draw
With good opinion of the law."
No denunciations, no reproaches for public
plunderers, but all are reserved for the committee
that exposes them. And now one word for my
Republican friends on this side of the Chamber,
many of whom listened with so much apparent,
if not real, interest to the attacks upon the com-
mittee. Let me talk to them in all the frankness
and candor of a sincere Republican, identified
heart and soul with the principles of our great
party, and desiring to see that party sustained,
and those principles triumphant throughout the
I believe this is a Republican House. I be-
laud.
heve the Republicans have a majority. I believe
we elected a Republican Speaker, who appointed
this committee. I presume, sir, you appointed
that committee to make the examinations directed
by the resolution raising it. Did you pay the
Republican members of that committee no higher
compliment than to believe they would be base
enough, corrupt enough, dishonest enough to be-
tray the trust you reposed in them, and to cover
up fraud if they found it, instead of exposing it? ,
No, sir; you would, as a Republican and, us a j
man, and as the Speaker of this House, have felt I
dishonored if your committee had proved false to
its trust. But I hear it suggested that this inves-
tigation is to break down our Republican party.
Now, one word on that point. I have been jn
Congress some little time, and during that time
have seen many investigating committees raised
when the Democrats have been in power, and I
always found my political friends on hand in sea-
son and out of season to ferret out and punish
fraud. They went to the country on the exposure
of frauds, and the people hurled from power the
men who upheld them. We charged these frauds
upon Democrats, and we proved them, and held
the party responsible for them; not that the party
could be held responsible for the rascality of any
member of it; but we said that when these frauds
had been exposed by us, that the party did not
denounce them, but in the House here became
their champions and their defenders, and that,
therefore, they were justly responsible. The
frauds exposed by our committee were not com-
mitted by the members of any one party, but all
parties have participated—Republicans and Dem-
ocrats and Americans, all mixed up together.
Whatever my Republican friends may do, I do
not propose to appear on the record as upholding
these frauds, no matter by whom committed or
where committed. If by a Republican, so much
the worse; for I feel more indignant towards a
Republican who perpetrates a fraud on the Gov-
ernment than I do against a Democrat, for the
Republican brings reproach and disgrace upon
my own party.
Do my Republican friends propose to imitate the
example of the Democrats heretofore, and cover
up and justify fraud; or do they propose to vin-
dicate their consistency and their honor by stand-
ing up here as one man in bold denunciation of
any frauds that may have been committed? Will
they not take such a position here on the record
to-day as to say to their constituents, when in-
quired of as to these frauds, we heard of these
frauds upon the Treasury when our country was
in danger; we found base and bad men taking
advantage of the perils of the nation to rob it?
We were in a majority in this House, we raised
this committee, and when the committee brought
to light anything wrong, wc, as Republicans, were
the first to denounce and punish it, no matter
where it hit. We were determined to leave no
smell of fraud on the garments of our party, and
to wash our hands of all responsibility of them.
The head of our Administration is a man whose
integrity, whose purity of purpose, never has been
and never will be assailed. The blighting breaih
of calumny even has never dared to suggest that
his honesty was impeached. If in any Depart-
ment of Government there is fraud, no man is
more anxious than he is for its exposure. I am
proud to say that while others have complained
of the committee,it has had his fullest confidence
and most cordial cooperation. That should be
said, too, of the present Secretary of War, who
has labored with us constantly in the work of our
investigations. Availing himselfofour labors and
our suggestions, he is saving to the tax-payers
hundreds of thousands of dollars per day, for-
which he deserves and will receive the gratitude
of all honest men everywhere.
Now, sir, let us look for a moment at the posi-
tion which we, as Republicans, would occupy be-
fore the country if this committee were discharged.
The effort to discharge it is foreshadowed by the
member from New York. I call upon him to in-
troduce his resolution, and if the committee lias
not the confidence of the House and uf the Re-
publican party,Ictitbedischarged. Let the House
show its hand. It may be a very simple thing to
expose and punish frauds and robberies in time
of peace, and have investigating committees when
the Democrats were in power; but can we, in a
time of war and while our national Treasury is
depleted and reeling like a drunken man under the
attacks of plunderers, afford, as Representatives
of the American people, afford, as representatives
of the Republican party, to stand here and whis-
tle down the wind these exposures and give full
scope to the bad men who would rob the Govern-
ment? Whatever other gentlemen may do, how-
ever they may deem it due to their party to vote,
I, for one, do not propose to stand on the record
in that light. As the Representative who has been
longest a member, I believe, of any man now on
the floor of the House, representing, as I have
