2826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
•! or magistrate before whom the;" so that it will
read:
And such persons shall be committed by the court or
magistrate before whom the conviction shall be had to said
house of industry, &.c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the bill
on the 3d page by striking out the whole of sec-
tion three, in the following words:
Sec. 3. ^ndbeitfurther enacted,ThatthogTandjurymay,
instead of indicting accused persons, return to the court that
they appear to be such as ought to be sent to the house of
industry, and the court is authorized to commit them.
I will simply remark that this is a very singu-
lar provision of the bill, that the grand jury, who
hear evidence ex parU9 may recommend a man to
be committed to the house of correction, and the
court may do it without any trial at all. I move
to strike it all out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to further amend the
bill in the fourth section 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will pause for a moment. Conversation is entirely
too loud and general in the Chamber. The Chair
will take this occasion to say that the Sergeant-at-
Arms is expected to enforce strictly the rule of the
Senate in reference to the privilege ofthe floor of the
Senate of persons not members of the body. If
Senators regard that rule as too restrictive, it is for
the Senate and the Senate alone to enlarge it. -It
is not in the province ofthe Chair nor of any mem-
ber of the Senate to do it. The Senator from New
Hampshire will now proceed.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the bill
in line two of the fourth section by inserting after
the word "persons" the words " or their parents
or guardians in writing;" so that it will read:
That the court may, with the consent of accused persons,
or their patents or guardians in writing, arrest proceedings
at any time, and commit them to the house of mdustty.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why not put the words
" in writing" after the word <£ consent ?"
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to its com-
ing in there, if the Senator likes it better.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to insert after the
word " persons" in the second line of the fourth
section, the words " or their parents and guardians
in writing."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill, in the eleventh section, by inserting in the
third line of that section, after the word " trial,5'
the words "if they request it in writing;" so that
it will read:
That persons under the age of eighteen years shall be en-
titled to a private examination and trial, if they rcquestitin
writing, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further, in line four of
the same section, to strike out the word" unless,"
and insert the word cither."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made, if there be no objection. It
is a mere verbal amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out, in line
five of the same section, the words "demand a
public trial."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I queried whether section thir-
teen should not be amended by striking out the
provision, "and no road or highway shall be
made on said ground without the consent of the
trustees." I doubted the propriety of that stand-
ing there, if the publicgood required a road to be
made. I move to strike out those words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. No further amendments occur
to me as necessary in the bill.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
, Mr. HALE. I move to take up for considera-
tion a bill vepoited from the Naval Committee,
repealing au act passed at this session, June S>
ISb'J.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
35;;) to repeal an act entitled " An act lo prevent
and piuiiyh fraud on the part of officers .ntius ted
with making of contracts for the Government,"
approved June 2,1862, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I will read a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy 
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill read.
Mr. HALE. I thought it had been read.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HALE. I can best explain the necessi-
ties for the repeal of that act by reading a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy, and making a
single statement.
Navy Department, June 9, 1862.
Sir : The act of June 2, 1SG2, entitled " An act to pre-
vent and punish fraud on the partof officers intrusted with
making of contracts for the Government," will render
necessary Increased clerical force in the several bureaus
of this Department, and 1 must as an indhppnsable neces-
sity ask an additional appropriation in order to comply with
itsrequnements.
There are made annually in the several bureaus of the
Navy Department alone, independent of the Navy agents
and others, about four hundred contracts. These contracts
comprise fiom one to four pages each, and attached to them
are about thirty thousand pages of schedules, partly printed
and partly written. The writing for a single bureau is
estimated to l>e equal to fifteen hundred foolscap pages,
relating to contracts alone. Attached to many of the con-
tracts are drawings and tracings elaborated with care, and
requiring much time for their execution.
The unaccepted bids arc very voluminous, and if copies
are to be sent to the Returns Bureau, as the act seems to re-
quire, the labor will be immense. If the originals are sent
fiom the Department, it will cause serious inconvenience,
as tltey aie continually referred to.
The original contracts of this Depaitmentarc now depos-
ited with the Second Comptroller, and copies are retained
for leference.
The piesent clerical force of the bureau is wholly inade-
quate for the proposed labor, winch is required to be exe-
cuted by this act under the pains and penalties of fine and
imprisonment ofthe officers who shall fail to have the copies
made, authenticated, and deposited within thirty days. As
met of the contracts are made to commence with the finan-
cial year, the pressure to complete the copies within the
specified time will be veiv great, and will piobably enhance
the expense. I therefoie respectfully ask an appropriation
of $10,000 for the additional labor which the act imposes,
and which is requisite in order to carry it into effect. It is
my duty also to state that the rooms now occupied by the
Department aie already so overcrowded that it will be ne-
cessary to rent an additional building or to enlarge the pres-
ent one for the pioposed additional mcieased force. The
lent may perhaps be procuiod l'oi $1,050, and tbc-ie will be
requited tor furnishing the rooms an estimated expenditure
of$l,2,)0, which sums should be added to theappiopnation.
As this Department, puisuant to law, presents 10 Congress
an alNtiacf of all eonnacts made duung the session, and
also an abstiaet of contiaets executed during the recess,
with scale of bids accepted and rejected, which is trans-
mitted at the opening ot each session, and is printed with
the message ofthe President, constituting a volume of doc-
uments accompanying that paper, the lequnements of the
recent law would seem to be superfluous laboi and need-
less expense so far as the Navy Department is concerned.
But as Congress has ordered this additional labor it becomes
an imperious necessity that it should also pi ovide the means
for its execution. I therefoie icqucst an appropriation of
$12,500 for estimated increased clerical and other necessary
purposes to cany into effect the act of June 2,1862.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES,
lion. John P. IIat.e, Chairman Committee Naval Jiffairs,
United States Senate.
I will state further that the Assistant Secretary
of the Navy tells me that now, in the condition
of the Navy, they are constantly making contracts
for new and improved projectiles, guns, gunboats,
andiron-clad boats, the models of which they have
refused, upon application, to allow to be inspected
by the agents of foreign Governments,and, I think,
in some instances, by foreign ministers. They
consider the keeping of them from the public in-
spection, at least for the present, as a necessity of
the Department; and this law, as they construe it,
will require them to leave copies of all these con-
tracts to be inspected by everybody, and copies
furnished, so that in every respect the law is mis-
chievous so far as regards the Navy Department.
I was informed by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who, I think, was
instrumental in carrying the bill through the Sen-
ate, that he had called upon the War and Navy
Departments to know if they had any objection
to it. Mr. Pox, the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, tells me that no such letter was ever re-
ceived by tint Department; that it would neces-
sarily have passed through his hands, and that he
never saw it, and if he had seen it he should have
been under the necessity of giving the Senator the
information he has now given the Senate. Con-
gress must cither lepeal the law, or give an addi-
tional force equivalent to what is demanded by the
Secretory for carrying it inio «_ftV.ct, dial [ want
the action of the Senate upon K, so that if they
concludc to keep the law in force, the appropriate
relief in the way of clerks may be given to the
Secretary.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not speak very well
for the care and deliberation of Congress that an
act so important as the one about to be repealed
should have been passed without consideration.
If I remember aright, at the short session a gen-
eral officer sent a letter here, and upon his letter
this bill was defeated. It was afterwards recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, and re-
ported back and passed. I do not know whether
the law was wise or not, but it does not speak very
highly for our deliberation that we passed a law
on the 2d of June last, requiring certain acts in
relation to every contract made with the Govern-
ment, and that now in so short a time we are called
upon to repeal it. The letter of the Secretary of
the Navy seems to make out a very strong case in
favor of the repeal, and the reason why I asked
for th^^admg of the bill was that we might un-
derstand it. In my judgment, no law ought to be
passed affecting the mode of making contracts, or
'affecting the ordinary machinery of the Govern-
ment, especially the Treasury Department, with-
out the gravest consideration. All the laws re-
lating to the Treasury Department are a piece of
complicated machinery, almost as complicated as
the old law of contingent remainders, and ought
never to be changed without full consideration.
If this law has been passed without that consider-
ation I have no objection to its repeal; and indeed
it does seem to me that it will be impracticable to
furnish copies of all contracts and all schedules
and all papers that are made, but as the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, after full consideration, after
their attention had been called to it, reported back
the bill and it was passed into a law, it seems to
me it ought not to be repealed without full con-
sideration. The same committee does not report
thisrepealingbill. Thelawprovides that contracts
shall be made and verified and copies furnished to
a certain bureau, and that came from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. This bill proposing this
repeal comes from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The subject is very important—one which, as I
said befoie, ought never to be touched without the
gravest consideration. On the reading of the letter
of the Secretary ofthe Navy I should feel disposed
to vote for the repeal, but i would rather have it
fully considered, and if the Senator from New
Hampshire is willing, I think it would be better to
refer this matter to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, the committee that framed the law which it
is proposed to repeal, and allow them to examine
the question.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask the Senator
what is to be done in the mean time. This bill
requires that these officers shall perform certain
duties, and if they do not make returns within
thirty days, they are liable to a very heavy pen-
alty in money and incarceration in the peniten-
tiary.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be no great difficulty
for them to furnish copies of the contracts for a
few days.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the very thing they
want to avoid. For instance, in the Navy De-
partment, under this law, they are required to fur-
nish the plans and specifications of all the vessels
of war, and all the armament of the vessels of war,
which they have attempted to keep secret, and
which they have refused to let be known to the
ministers and agents of foreign Governments.
Under the operation of this law, as it is construed,
those plans and specifications are requited to be
filed m the Bureau of Returns, where they will be
subject to the inspection of everybody, and the
chief of that bureau is required to give a complete
transcript to any person who may desire a copy,
on paying a certain iatr- fur each hundred words.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why were not all these ob-
jections made when the law was passed?
Mr. GRIMES. I never knew of the law being
passed, and I have not. seen the first man,except
the Senator from Pennsylvania, who knew it was
passed. I was perfectly unconscious that any
such law had passed this body. I certainly never
should have consented to pass it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the law was passed under
a misapprehension, 1 have no objection to its re-
peal.
Mr. GRIMES. As a member of th- Naval
Committee, ail I care about is getting the Navy
Depaitment absolved from it, because, substan-
