2828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
As tiie public business will suffer materially by any delay
incident tothe consideration of this paper, I have the honor
to-invite for it your early attention.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, EDWARD L. HAltTZ,
Captain and A. Q. AT., U. S. Ji.
General M. C. Meigs, Quartermaster General XT. S. v2.
War Department, Office of Military Director
and Superintendent of Railroads, &c.,
4 Washington, June 12, 1862.
Sir: I beg to ask for information in regard to the con-
struction to be placed upon the provisions and requirements
of General Order No. 58, from the War Department, of June
4, a copy of which has just been received at this "office.
Section one requires all contracts to be reduced to writ-
ing, and the question has been raibed as to what constituted
a "contract" as contemplated in.the order, it is claimed that
any purchase of supplies, no matter how small, or how
pressing the exigency, is a contract; also that the hiring of
mechanics, and other railroad employes, is, in the eye of
the law, a contract. If this construction of the term con-
tract, as used in the order, be coriect, it will practically
suspend the efficient operation of this branch of the public
service. We are daily and hourly called upon for miscel-
laneous articles for reinforcement of laborers, the want of
which cannot be anticipated, and the necessity for which
is urgent and imperative. Great deuiment, and often great
danger to the public service, wouid occur if the supplies,
materials, and men were not promptly procured and for-
warded. A few moments of time are frequently of the ut-
most value and importance. It has been our custom, when
requisitions of this character -came m, to go into the market
and purchase or procure the articles needed, wherever they
could be found the most speedily and reasonably, or at the
market price. Hereafter, when requisitions for the railway
service are made, requiring instant action, must the pur-
chasing or procuring of the supplies be delayed until adver-
tisements inviting proposals be made, and Hie formula of
drawing up contracts, and having them duly signed and
sworn to, be gone through with, or shall I pursue the custom
heretofoie adopted? A number of requisitions arc lying on
my table awaiting a decision of this question. Asdelay will
involve danger and jeopardy to the public service, I would
respectfully invite your early attention to the subject.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, D. G. MeCALLUiM,
Military Director and Superintendent of Railroads.
per W. H. WIIITON.
General M. C. Mcias, Quartermaster General U. S. *3.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The further
consideration of this bill is superseded at this hour
by the order of the day, the Pacific railroad bill,
and the question before the Senate is on a motion
to reconsider an amcndmentwhich has been agreed
to in the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone the consideration of that bill until one
o'clock, to give us an opportunity to get through
with this and some other important matters.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the bill be post-
poned for one hour.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will not half an hour
do ? I ask the Senator to make it half past twelve.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We will
take up the railroad bill at half past twelve if we
can, or at one o'clock at any rate. I hope it will
be postponed for that time.
Mr. POWELL, I hope this bill may be post-
poned until to-morrow, and that the letters of these
officials may be printed. I feel very confident that
the law proposed to be repealed is one of the very
best laws that has been passed by this Congress.
I said at the executive session that in my judg-
ment it was only a terror to public plunderersan$
thieves. I shall resist in every form I possiblf
can the repeal of that law. In order that the Sen-
ate may be prepared for a full and* elaborate in-
vestigation of the subject, with the consent of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts I will move
that all the letters be printed, and that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to postpone the
special order of the day for one hour.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that motion will not
prevail. If it should not, I will make a motion to
postpone the bill in regard to Government con-
tracts to a future time, and have all the letters
printed, in order that we may see cleaily and ex-
amine the objections that are made to the law.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will be put before the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, because if the
motion is carried to postpone the Pacific railroad
bill until one o'clock, it will require a special vote
to get it up again. I should much prefer that the
Pacific railroad bill should lie by informally until
we dispose of tnis other bill, and then the moniuit
we fimsh it we can resume the consideration of
the railroad bill.
Mr. POWELL. I did notspeak of the Pacific
railroad bill at all. I was speaking of the other
bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I know that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to postpone the
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill until one
o'clock. It can be passed over informally. 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think it
would be best to pass it over informally. I want
0 go on with this other bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair was
stating that it can be passed over informally by
common consent. If there is no objection, it will
be passed over informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to interpose
objections to early action on the bill, but I have
no conception that this repealing bill can pass be-
tween now and one o'clock. Efforts have been
made in this body to prevent these frauds in the
different Departments of the Government and by
contractors. I think it is a subject that should be
regulated by Congress, and not by the men who
make the contracts. Sir, it is because we wish
to reform the abuses of these Departments that
these laws are passed; and if letters from the sub-
ordinate officers of the Departments, or the chief
of one of the Departments, are to determine what
the law shall be in regard to his Department 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Who pro-
poses to do that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it is pro-
posed here. The bill was defeated at the last ses-
sion of Congress at the suggestion of a subordi-
nate of the War Department, and now several
more letters are brought in from these officers for
the purpose of repealing the law without examin-
ation at all. I want to see these letters in print.
1 want to see what they are. Why, sir, I see
that this very letter from the Secretary of the
Navy, which states that it is impossible to execute
this law, as these gentlemen construe it, states
that the original contracts of the Department are
now deposited with the Second Comptroller, and
copies arc retained for reference. They are able
to do it now.
Mr. GRIMES. You make them do it over again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not deposit these
copies in the office designated here? Where is the
great labor ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from California rise to a question of order?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts to postpone the special order,
and that is the only question before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was disposed to yield
to it; but I see this matter is going to lead to a
long debate, and I trust we may go on now with
the special order.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not hear the ques-
tion of order raised by the Senator from Califor-
nia, there was so much conversation around me.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair has
not understood the Senator as making a question
of order. The Chair inquired if he rose to a ques-
tion of order, and the Chair understood the Sen-
ator to say that he did rise to a question of order.
The Chair does not understand that he made one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to this question
as to the postponement of the Pacific railroad bill
for an hour, my only object, in rising was to indi-
cate to the Senate that this bill, introduced at the
instance of the heads of the different bureaus in
whose Departments we proposed to correct abuses,
would not pass without examination. I hardly
think it will be got through with in the hour. I
thought it due to the Senate to state that; and I
think it would be improper that it should pass
within the hour. These papers are for the first
time introduced here, and it is proper they should
be looked into. The Senator from Pennsylvania,
in his modesty about this matter, has not stated
all that occurred, for he repeatedly called upon the
Departments in person to ascertain if there was
any objection to this law. I think it would be very
hasty legislation, and, as was well suggested by
the Senator from Ohio, very inconsiderate legisla-
tion to repeal a law that was six months undet con-
sideration, and where the Departments li.*d been
called upon repeatedly in regard to it and knew of
no objections to it, at the mere suggestion of some
of the subordinates I think it is apparent on the
face of this letter from the Secretary of the Navy
that there is no such difficulty m his Department,
for I understand that all that is required to be done
by the law is now done.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, so much as this is
done: he says all these contracts are copied. " The
original contracts of this Department are now de-
posited with the Second Comptroller, and copies
are retained for reference."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is not
all that has to be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is about all tljat is
required by the law. I do not wish now to dis-
cuss the object of the law, because the question is
on postponing- the bill; but the committee thought
the greatest safeguard was that these contracts
should be on file so that the world might see them.
We thought there was a great demand for some
law on tfie subject. Bills were introduced by dif-
ferent Senators to punish with death the defraud-
ing of the Government in this its time of need. I
think the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chand-
ler] and the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] introduced bills on the subject. All wanted
something done. The committee came to the con-
clusion that some law was necessary. If this law
does not operate well, why do not these Depart-
ments suggest the neccssary modifications ? If it
does not operate correctly, 1 should be for modi-
fying it. No one wants a law that is impractica-
ble; but to come here with such a proceeding as
this 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rise to a question
of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I will stop and
let the vote be taken. That will satisfy my friend
from Kansas.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will withdraw his motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
withdraw the motion.
Mi. POWELL. Would it be in order to move
to commit this bill3
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts to postpone until one o'clock
the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. POWELL. I am fully aware of that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Another mo-
tion is not in order while that is pending, except
it be in direct relation to that motion.
Mr. POWELL. I think the motion I propose
to make is in direct relation to it. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary. Is that
motion in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill to
which the Senator refers is not now before the
Senate. The question now before the Senate, for
the consideration of the Senate, and for the vote
of the Senate, is the motion to postpone the con-
sideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. POWELL. I beg pardon. I thought the
motion was to postpone the other bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what the
question is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
again repeat the question. It is on the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts to postpone the
special order of the day. the Pacific railroad bill,
until one o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 19.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Pacific
railroad bill is before the Senate.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to postpone it until half past twelve.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo) e. The Chair will
state the question before receiving any motion.
When several Senators address the Chair at once,
and persist in addressing it, it creates confusion,
and the Chair must be heard to state the question
distinctly, and that question must be before the
Senate for the time being. The question before
the Senate now is the special order of the day, the
Pacific railroad bill. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts moved a recon side ration of an amendment
which had been moved by the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Coli.ameu] and earned, and that is the
pending question before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
