846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
orable Senator fromTennessee that it is undoubt-
edly the wish of everybody to pass a resolution
of that sort, at the proper time; but I think we
had better wait until we get the official returns be-
fore we pass it. To pass a resolution upon mere
telegraphic dispatches that are sent here, in my
opinion is a little too hasty We had better
know precisely all about it, and who the officers
are who havcuistinguishcd themselves, before we
pass such a resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. Wc have here the dispatches
from officers who will make their reports in a
short time, and certainly these dispatches are as
reliable and as authentic as any reports they can
make. They are sent to us by the officers whose
duty it is to make the reports.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not hk  to object to
the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the resolution ought
to be passed, and I think Congress ought to ad-
journ to manifest its respect, its gratitude, and its
high appreciation of the distinguished services
that have just been rendered by the officers and
men of the Army and Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the best thin?
we can do always, is to do our own duty with
reference to matters before us, and attend to our
own business, instead of adjourning for these
things, unless our minds are so entirely upset by
the news that wc cannot do any business.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am free to say that I am
pretty much disqualified in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee asks unanimous consent to intro-
duce a resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I think it would bo better
to let it lie over. I do not object to it, however.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator object to the introduction of the resolution?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Rcsolccdbythc Senate, (she House of Uqnesenlative^ eon-
ouirmg,) That the thank* ol Congress are due, and ait'
hereby tendered to the oflieei*, soldiei-., and seamen of the
Aunyand Navy of the United States for the heioic gal-
lantly that under the providencc of Ahmjjhtv God has won
the rrectit seaes of bulliant vietoue  over the enemies of
the Union and the Constitution.
Mr. GRIMES. I certainly had no objection to
the introduction of this resolution, and I have no
object ion to its adoption; but 1 do not want to have
it understood that its adoption will preclude us
from passinganother resolution hereafierupon the
suggestion of the Ptesident, in regard to one of
those officers. We have established a system by
which these\ote« of thanks have become of some
servicc, and they are the highest bestowmcnt that
we can give Jo anybody.
Mr. (JOLLAMER. That only applies to the
Nav y.
Mr. GRIMES. I mean in the Navy. It ought
to be so in the Army, and 1 hope the Committee
on Military Affairs will make it so.
Mr. FOSTER. The bill has not passed for the
Ai my.
Mi-. GRIMES. I know the bill for the Army
has not passed; but. if a recommendation comes
from the President recommending us to give a vote
of thanks to Commodore Foote, he then becomes
permanently established upon the active list for
life, and then it becomes valuable.
Mr. JOHNSON. Tins does not preclude any-
thing of l tie sut t.
Mr. GRIMES. If that is so understood, I do
not object to it at all.
The lesolutiou was adopted
CAVALRY ORGANIZATION.
The Senate, as in Committee of tiie Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S.No. 153)
ior the better organization of the cavalry forces;
the pending question being on Mr. Fjussenden's
am< ndment.
Mi. ICING. ^ This proposition for the better :
organization ol the cavulry forces has been very
carefully and maturely considered,as I understand, j
by tin.- chat of the eavah y, and the number of!
i egimcnts designated in this bill is the one that in j
his judgment is desiiable ior the present requisi- i
tions of the service. We should all be glad, of !
course, if that number could be reduced; and I I
desire to propose an amendment by which it shall 1
be reduced to fifty, in this way; to strike out after <
the woitl " service," in the fifth line of the second 1
section, the words " beyond fifty regiments," and
to insert " that all the cavalry forces shall be re-
duced to such number of regiments as the inter-
ests of the public service may require, not exceed-
ing fifty." That will enable the Commander-in-
Chief or the President to muster out any number
they think proper; and if any further words are
necessary in the bill they could be inserted to en-
able them at any future period to muster them out
as the service requires.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to an amendment already pending,
and the Senator's amendment is not m order at
the present time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon that proposition all
I have to say is simply this: experience has shown
us that with regard to the number of men to be
raised and with regard to the mode of raising them,
there is not a reasonable ground of reliance upon
the discretion of those who have it in charge. We
aic suffering at this moment from the immense
number that have been raised and who are not in
service, but whom wc arc paying. Now, as to
General Stoneman, I do not know anything about
him. I believe he was a captain or lieutenant, or
something of that sort a few days ago, and ihey
made him commander-in-chief of the cavalry. I
do not know why he should be set up to be the
judge of the interests of the service and of the
whole Army, Sir, I do not think these officers are
infallible, and I do not mean to be bound by the
decisions of an inferior officerof thatdcscription.
Mr. KING. My amendment is not now pend-
ing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. T know it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask for the yeas
and nays upon it. We cannot get a quorum with-
out them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I have not any very settled opin-
ion as to how huge a force of cavalry we shall
need during the continuance of this war. My own
impression is, however, that if the rebellion has
received as severe a shock as we now think it has,
our force ought to be a larger percentage of cav-
alry hereafter than heretofore; for the reason that
the enemy we shall have to encounter will be more
broken up and more scattered. My own opinion
is that the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York, clothing the Executive with the power
to reduce this force as he shall deem proper from
time to time, is even better than the propositions
contained in the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Maine, and if 1 vote against thatamend-
mcnt it will be with a view of voting for the
amendment of the Senator from New York.
Rut there is a feature of this bill now before
the Senate to which I wish to call the attention of
the Committee on Military Affairs. It clothes the
Piesident with the power to transfer, to disband,
or to reduce this cavalry force upon such princi-
ple or rule as he shall establish heicaftcr. Now,
I want to call the attention of the committee and
the Senate to the condition of this force, and the
manner in which they have been brought into the
service of the United States. Authorities have
been issued from time to time to muster cavalry
regiments into the service, and a great many of
them have been raised. Officers have uniformed
themselves, equipped themselves, and mounted
themselves, and incurred an individual expendi-
ture of from five hundred to a thousand dollars
each. Every one can see it is going to be a hard-
ship to disband these men. The hardship is no
argument for their being continued in the service
of tiie Government any longer than they are
wanted; but it is an argument why the hardship
should be distributed as evenlyas possible through
the country. It is going to be an ungrateful and an
unpleasant duty to discharge these regiments un-
der these circumstances; but it seems to me there
might be some provision in the bill authorizing
the President to distribute whatever force he re-
tained among the different States, so as to give each
State some exemption from this hardship; and I
should have been glad if the committee had rec-
ommended a proposition of that kind. I shall not
offer it as an amendment myself; and unless they
see fit to recommend it, I shall vote upon the bill
as it stands. It seems to me it is an effort worth
our while to distribute this hardship as evenlyas
we can among the different portions of the country.
Mr. TE]M EYCK. I have listened as atten-
tively as I could to the debate upon this subject,
for the purpose of obtaining information to influ-
ence the vote 1 shall give upon the bill; but I have
not been able to learn that there has been any defi-
nite opinion expressed by the War Department
upon this subject. I am altogether disqualified
from forming any correct judgment as to what I
should do in relation to this matter. Itseemstome
that this is a reduction of the cavalry force to a
very great extent; and it is very doubtful whether
it ought to be reduced to that extent at the pres-
ent moment. At all events, I think it highly de-
sirable that we should have some more definite
expression of'opinion from an authority which,
to some extent, should influence our minds and
our judgments in relation to this matter; and as
this bill has lain over for weeks past without any
definite action, I cannot myself see how any par-
ticular harm will arise fiom laying it over for a
day or two longer. On the contrary, I think it
may be very desirable. Wc may get some very
important information under the present state of
things which will lead us to regret action on our
part hastily, and without proper information. I
shall, therefore, without saying that I shall vote
against the bill entirely, vote against this amend-
ment, under the view which I entertain of the
impropriety of pressing it upon the Senate", and
insisting upon its passage at the present time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to the Senator in regard to the opinions of the
War Department, that I stated before that the late
Secretary was in favor of this reduction; that the
Adjutant General has been urging it for the last
few weeks; that the committee have been investi-
gating this matter; that I have had several con-
sultations with the present Secretary of War, and
last Saturday went to him specially in regard to
this subject, when he said he had not the time,
and could not devote the necessary time to a
thorough examination of the measure; but so far
as he understood it he approved the plan that had
been devised and agreed upon by the committee.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Of reducing the force down
to thirty thousand?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No, sir; but
to mass the seventy-seven regiments we now have
into fifty, or muster them out of the service; and
at any rate to get rid of this enormous body of men
that are lying around loose all over this country,
at an immense expense to the people.
The Senator from Wisconsin has made a sug-
gestion in regaid to the manner in which this is to
be done. Now, this bill is a general direction to
the President of the United States. It does not say
to lum he must have so many regiments accord-
ing to population or according to the number of
troops furnished by any of the States. He must
do it according to his best judgment, and on the
best plan to be devised, and which will make as
little trouble as possible. That is the object, and
that is the purport of this section of the bill. I
suppose it would be carried out in that spirit. It
was considered by the members of the committee
whether we could not limit it so that such a State
should have so many and another State so many;
but there is a difficulty in that regard. I find in the
reports made on the subject that the great State of
Ohiohas returned but six regiments of cavalry; the
State of Illinois has thirteen, the State of Penn-
sylvania twelve, the State of New York ten, the
State of Massachusetts has but one regiment, and
that is in the field, and has gone to Port Royal.
They have one in the State of Maine. Vermont
has one in the field. I think Connecticut has none.
Mr. FOSTER. A squadron.
Mr. WILSON. A squadron, I am told by the
Senator from that State. Some of the States have
raised very few* cavalry; other States have raised
a great many. It depended something on the de-
sire, wishes, and condition of the people of the
State.
Now, sir, we have these seventy-seven regi-
ments armed, equipped, and mounted, or partially
armed, equipped, and mounted. Of course those
that have been mounted, armed, and equipped,
and in the field, or ready to take the field, would
be retained by the Government. Then I suppose
the Government in making up the balance would
take those regiments that were the nearest to what
it was desired to make them. 1 do not believe
there would be any great difficulty, although there
must be some in regard to this redaction It was
