i868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Cjretigral Jffr&mont. What do the committee say ?
Tlie gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
VEWs,] yesterday called the attention of the House
to this portion of the'report of tire committee, and
when I asked him to allow that part of the report
to be read exculpating General Fremont in the
matter,he utterly refuse^ Having the floor now,
however, I propose to read it:
"It is due to General Fr6mont to state that he seems not
in anywise to have been interested in Saechi's having the
contract, for when he was advised by Captain Turnley that
Sacchi wanted more time, be promptly stated, as has al-
ready been set fortii, that not a day more could be given."
That, sir, is.what the committee say. Now,
Jet us look a little further. The testimony shows
that a portion of the horses were received upon
this contract, and that there was some six or seven
thousand dollars due, which, with other claims,
went before the commission composed of Messrs.
Holt,Davis,and Campbell, who went to St. Louis
to examine into these transactions. That com-
mission, I may add, composed of those distin-
guished men, sustain the committee on Govern-
ment contracts in every single position they take.
What do this commission say in regard to this
"claim ?
" Among other claims submitted to us, was one of Louis
Bitting, amounting to .<£6,500, for furnishing fifty horses.
Accompanying it was the copy of what purported to be a
contract entered into by Captain Turnley, 011 the part of
the Government, anil Augustus Saeehi, of New Yoik, cto
purchase one thousand hoises and marcs in (Jan-ada, not
over sixteen nor under fomtecn liamN high, and deliver
them 111 St. Louis at $13!) a head,' and also a copy of an
assignment of the contract by Sacchi to Bitting. Having
been informed that the contiaet was made by Captain Turn-
ley by direction of the mihtaiy secretary of the general com
manding, and nut from any judgment of his own, and it
appearing upon the voucher as filed that the same quarter-
master had refused to pay the vouchei issued in the name
of Sacchi to Bitting, we gave notice to the attorney of the
claimant that the latter must appear in person, with a view
tolas examination undei oatlr, and also that lie pioduce
the onginai contiact and assignment. The reasons why
tins was required will t-ulficiently appear in the testimony
of Captain Turnley bofoie the investigating committee.
Though the claim was ior the large sum of $6,500, none of
the original papcis were filed, nor did Air. Baling evei ap-
pear before us. It i-> hardly possible that lie would have
run the chancc of losing a claim of such magnitude, unless
there had been some uigont reason for declining to submit
himself to such an examination, either on his own account
or on that Of the poison from whom he obtained an assign-
ment of the contract."
Such was the rottenness, such the corruption of
that contract which we iiad exposed, although
there were $6,500 due upon it, yet for fear of fur-
ther exposure those men never appeared and
claimed the amount due them.
But, Mr. Speaker, this committee arc assailed
for blinking out these facts, and the matter is
pressed until the House is tired of hearing of the
Sacchi contract. This is a contiact in which the
committee have saved to the Government $6,500
to pa^thcir mileage, 1 suppose, and per diem, ac-
cording to the New York member, all against the
Constitution of the United States in such cases
made and provided. [Laughter.] Do gentlemen
complain of that? Where is the member who
wishes to get up and denounce the committee for
the exposure of that fraud?
One word more in regard to the member from
New York—and I return to him with great reluc-
tance, In his opening, the member from New
York delivered a speech in regard to trial by jury,
and how wo were striking down a man's character
and contracts without giving a hearing to parties
interested. Now, sir, I ask the House, m the
hghtofthe member's speech, to read a resolution
winch he mtioduced into this House the other
day. I ask the House, [ say, in the light of the
speech of the membei fimn New York 011 the
sacredness of the right of trial by jury and break-
ing down contracts without notice, to listen to this
resolution introduced by him this session, which
I ask the Gleik to read:
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled. That all orders unexecuted from the
Wat Dt'p.nintent for the manufactuie or delivery or fire-
alms by companies, fiiins, or individuals, who were notat
the time of the issue of Mich order< munufactuieis, import-
er-;, or regular dealers in fire-arms, lie, and they are. re-
scinded and annulled; and that the tSccictary of Wa't be
authorized, m ins discretion, to sii-pend until the fuither
action ol Congress, or \vhol!> annul any or all other unex-
ecuted ouh'i-s loi fire aimO'
Mr. WASHBURNE. Thus, Air. Speaker,
you will see that hy one fell swoop this champion
of the rights of the people, and of trial by jury, by
a resolution of the Houcc proposes to strike down
contracts for fire-arms in existence._ And yet he
has the face to get up here before this House and
charge this committee with trampling upon the
rights of citizens ! It is worthy of him. There is
his consistency. He started outin this Congress
as a man who was going to punish frauds. He in-
troduced a bill—and I will do him the justice to
say that I believe it was a very good bill—to punish
these frauds which we have exposed. But now a
change comes over the spirit of his dreams. In-
stead of punishing them, he appears to-day as
their champion and as their defender.,
I regret tnat I have had thus to characterize the
member from New York. This is none of my
seeking. His attack upon thfe committee was in-
famous and base, and of course the member can-
not expect to go unscathed. I will permit no man
to thus challenge my conduct 011 this floor or off
this floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's remarks
are out of order.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman from
Illinois be kind enough to read to the House the
sworn statement of Mr. Sacchi which was put
into his possession this morning. I do not know
Mr. Sacchi, but I understand that he has placed
a sworn statement in the hands of the gentleman
from Illinois, which I would like to have placed
in the possession of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Since I have been sit-
ting at my scat I have received a paper signed by
one Sacchi, this brilliant "star of Bethlehem,"
who, according to the member from New York,
came here "to fight in freedom's holy land."
There is such a letter from that Sacchi, but I have
not read it. I will pass it over to the gentleman
from Indiana, and after looking at it, if he will
inform me, I will take the matter into considera-
tion. I will then consider whether it is worth
while to take up time with the reading of it.
Mr. COLFAX. As Mr. Sacchi cannot in any
other way answer the charges that are made
against him, I hope that the gentleman fmm Il-
linois will publish his letter in the Globe with his
remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I prefer to make no
promises to put in or keep out anything from my
speech. I know that my friend from Indiana,
who has bpen with me here so long, and with
whom I have been in so many well-fought fields,
in the cai ly as well as in the latter days, does not
expect me to do that. Now, docs he expect me,
or that it would bo just for me, to publish with
my remarks a letter which I have not read, and
of which I know nothing?
Mr. COLFAX. My rule is never to attack a
man who is absentwithoutgiving him an oppor-
tunity to appear in his own defense. As the gen-
tleman has talked about going with me before my
constituents, I will say that I will attack no man,
whether he be a general, member of the Cabinet,
or any other public officer, until he has hud tin
opportunity to confront the witnesses who have
made the charges against him, and given the testi-
mony upon which they arefounded. Every man
should have an opportunity of defending himself
against the charges made asrainst him.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That is what would be
expected from the gentleman's sense of justice.
But he is mistaken about my proposing to meet
him in his district. If 1 should go there to meet
him, whore he has such hosts of friends, it would
be at a disadvantage. On the prairies of Illinois
I am somewhat at home, and I would always be
glad to see him there.
I did not intend to-day to occupy the attention
of the House but for a few moments, and might
1 j not have spoken at all had it not been for the attack
ij made upon the committee. It had been my determ-
ination when I spoke on this subject to speak to a
particular portion of these investigations. I have
forborne to do that for the reasons which I have
stated. The House, in view of the facts before
it, will appreciate that forbearance. J am sure that
the gentleman from Indiana will appreciate it. I
!, do not propose to go into that discussion to-day.
:! I propose that the case of General Fremont shall
:■ not be taken up so long as he occupies the posi-
i| tion he now does in the field. If I had been pres-
;! ent in the House when the distinguished gentle-
:* man from New York [Mr. Divest] called up his
:j iesolution on this subject, I should havcendeav-
'j ored to secure its postponement. What I have
!; said has only been in defense. I have only spoken
in reply to the extraordinary attacks which have
been made on the committee.
My colleague on the committee, [Mr. Hol-
man,] who will follow me, will speak more par-
ticularly to the resolution first to be considered by
the House, in relation to the payment of money
to Simon Stevens ($51,000) on an arms contract
where he paid no money and rendered no service.
If the House desire that Mr. Stevens shall thrust
his arm into the Treasury, already depleted by
toojnanysuch transactions, and put this enormous
sum into his pocket, let them vote it for their con-
stituents to help pay hereafter. For one, I pro-
pose to consent to no such transaction. My col-
league will speak particularly as to the-factsin this
matter, as disclosed by our investigations.
Mr. Speaker, I would be glad to allude to some
other matters of importance before my time is out.
I will ask the Speaker how much time I have ?
The SPEAKER. Three minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is too short a time,
and I will give way to my colleague now, particu-
larly as I cannot lay my hand on my memoranda.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
mous consen t of the House that my colleague have
time to finish his remarks.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have mislaid thepapers
to which I wish to refer, and my colleague can
proceed with his speech until I can find them.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to that,
unless I can be heard in reply.
Mr. HOLMAN. We expected that from the
courtesy of the gentleman.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not object
if I can have an opportunity for reply.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. SHANKS. Mr, Speaker, I want to say a
few words upon this very troublesome Sacchi
question j and I desire to do so mainly for the reason
that it has been linked with other matters. Gen-
tlemen of the committee have seen fit to claim thnt
they have saved to the United States Treasury the
value of fifty-eight horses. I will show that the
Government has received those horses and not
paid fortheni. Captain Turnley, in swearing in
relation to the horses furnished by Bitting, who
was the assignee of Sacchi, as appears on pages
792 and ?93 of the evidence taken by this com-
mittee, said:
"On the 2d of October the fir.-t batch arrived, thirty or
upwards, and afterwaids a few more, mailing fifty all to-
gether. They woie notas good hordes as weie required by
the teims ot the contiact. There were some mares among
them. They were by no means the class of horses to be
leceived undm that contract; and although my inspector,
Mi'ier, had leceived and branded them, they were heie
ically subject to acceptance or injection. I therefore &ent
my inspector here, and IVli. Itcesule, who happened to he
hero from Cincinnati on that day, along with Mr. Bitting
and his own assistant, to examine the hoi>es carefully. I
allowed them toputthe horses intoaliverystabie two days
that they might leeovcr liom the lack and weat of a Ion?
journey on the cms. Under those circumstance-! the in-
spectors rejected some twelve or fourteen of them. Mr.
Bitting seemed to be m aveij bad humor about his hoi «es.
1 could not do an> thins better for him than to reject the in.
But at that veiy hour, while we were talking about tliuoi,
a 1 equisition came IromGeueial Smith, fiom Paducah,stat-
ing that lie must have forty 01 filiy hoi-es, and sent lm
qmntermaster here to get them i s.i'd to the quaitet-
maotci that those 1iohp-> weie at his ^eivice if they would
answer ins pui pose. He went to the stable \\ ith Bitting and
my inspcctoi and looked at the horse:?. I!e e-.ud they were
better than none; that he thought they would pull their
wagons, and he took eveiy one of them. J said 10 Bating
that it ihey took those hoiscs 101 Geneial Smith we would
accept them, although our inspector had rejected them. >'o
I took the whole lltty hotses and shipped them 111 one lionr
to P-tducah. Bitting then camc in for a settlement, but I
told him f could not settle, wuh him. But as ho insisted
upon a settlement, I told bun nivobjection I told him the
contiact was not assignable. He said u was ; that I wa«?
to pay to Sacchi 01 his assign". lie, for the first time, then
discovered that the contract was not assignable. It was
written ' payable to Sacchi or his assigns,*' because he
might die and his widow or executor might want the monej.
A long dispute ai osc about that matter. lie said that a judge
in Philadelphia, who knew more about it than I did, said
it was assignable. Bitting was four or five days iinpounn-
mg to get a settlement. I told him that I could at any rate
only pay him foi those hoise?,lo?s twenty per cent., though
f did not think that I should pay him anything under the
circumstances."
And for which neither Turnley or any other
person lias paid anything, and of which robbery
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburxtc]
speaks in glowing terms as a triumph of the com-
mittee in having kept from the owners of the fifty
horses the sum of $6,500 due for thorn, as shown
by Turnley's testimony, submitted with the re-
