348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 17,
37th Coi«l...2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
expenses shall be paid from the Treasury of the
United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of carrying' this act into effect there is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a sum not
exceeding one million of dollars.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son or persons who shall kidnap, or in any man-
ner transport or procure to be taken out of said
District, any person or persons discharged and
freed by the provisions of this act, or any free
person or persons with intent to reenslave or sell
such person or persons into slavery, or shall re-
enslave any of said freed persons, the person or
persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of a
felony, and on conviction thereof in any court of
competent jurisdiction in said District, shall be
imprisoned in the penitentiary not less than five
nor more than twenty years.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That within
twenty days, or within such further time as the
commissioners herein provided for shall limit,
after the passage of this act, a statement in writ-
ing or schedule shall be filed with the clerk of the
Circuit Court for the District of Columbia, by the
several owners or claimants to the services of the
persons made free or manumitted by this act, set-
ting forth the names, ages, sex, and" particular de-
scription of such persons, severally; and the said
clerk shall receive and record, in a book by him
to be provided and kept for that purpose, the said
statements or schedules on receiving fifty cents
each therefor, and no claim shall be allowed to any
claimant or owner who shall neglect this require-
ment.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the said
clerk and his successors in office shall, from time
to time, on demand, and on receiving twenty-five
cents therefor, prepare, sign, and deliver to each
person made free or manumitted by this act, a cer-
tificate under the seal of said court, setting out the
name, age, and description of such person, and
stating that such person was duty manumitted and
set free by this act.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, is
hereby appropriated, to be expended under the di-
rection of the President of the United States, to
aid in the colonization and settlement of such free
persons of African descent now residing in said
District, including those to be liberated by this
act, as may desire to emigrate to the Republics of
Hayti or Liberia, or such other country beyond
the limits of the United States as the President
may determine: Provided, The expenditure for
this purpose shall not exceed one hundred dollars
for each emigrant.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts
of Congress and all laws of the State of Mary-
land in force in said District, and all ordinances of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act, are hereby
repealed.
Approved, April 16,1862.'
Ciiap. LV.—Ail Act to reorganize and increase
the efficiency of the Medical Department of the
Army.
Bei-il enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assanhled,That there shall be added to the present
medical corps of the Army ten surgeons and ten
assistant surgeons, to be promoted and appointed
under existing laws; twenty medical cadets, and
as many hospital stewards as the Surgeon General
may consider necessary for the public service, and
that their pay and that of all hospital stewards in
the volunteer as well as the regular service shall
be thirty dollars per month, to be computed from
the passage of this act. And alt medical-cadets in
the service shall, in addition to their pay, receive
one ration per day either in kind or commutation.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the Sur-
geon General to be appointed under this act shall
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a briga-
dier general. There shall be one assistant sur-
geon general and one medical inspector general
of hospitals, each with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a colonel of cavalry, and the medical
inspector general shall have, under the direction
of the Surgeon General, the supervision of all
that relates to the sanitary condition of the Army,
whether in transports, quarters, or camps, and
of the hygiene, police, discipline, and efficiency
of field and general hospitals, under such regula-
tions as may hereafter be established.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there*
shall be eight medical inspectors, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments each of a lieutenant colonel
of cavalry, and who shall be charged with the
duty of inspecting the sanitary condition of trans-
ports, quarters, and camps, of field and general
hospitals, and who shall report to the medical in-
spector general, under such regulations as may
be hereafter established, all circumstances relat- j
ing to the sanitary condition and wants of troops
and of hospitals, and to the skill, efficiency, and
good conduct of the officers and attendants con-
nected with the medical department.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sur-
geon General, assistant surgeon general, medical
inspector general, and medical inspectors, shall,
immediately after the passage of this act, be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, by selection from the
medical corps of the Army, or from the surgeons
in the volunteer service, without regard to their
rank when so selected, but with sole regard to
qualifications.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That medical
purveyors shall be charged, under the direction
of the Surgeon General, with the selection and
purchase of all medical supplies, including new
standard preparations, and of all books, instru-
ments, hospital stores, furniture, and other arti-
cles required for the sick and wounded of the
Army. In all cases of emergency they may pro-
vide such additional accommodations for the sick
and wounded of the Army, and may transport
such medical supplies as circumstances may ren-
der necessary, under such regulations as may
hereafter be established, and shall make prompt
and immediate issues upon all special requsitions
made upon them under such circumstances by
medical officers; and the special requisitions shall
consist simply of a list of the articles required,
the quantities required, dated and signed by the
medical officers requiring them.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the inspector general, or any one of the medi-
cal inspectors shall report an officer of the medical
corps as disqualified, by age or otherwise, for pro-
motion to a higher grade-, or unfitted for the per-
formance of his professional duties, he shall be
reported by the Surgeon General for examination
to a medical board, as provided by the seventeenth
section of the act approved August third, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this act shall continue and be in force
during the existence of the present rebellion and
no longer: Provided, however, That when this act
shall expire, all officers who shall have been pro-
moted from the medical staff of the Army under
this act shall retain their respective rank in the
Army, with such promotion as they would have
been entitled to.
Approved, April 16, 1862.
Chap. LVI.—An Act to authorize the Postmas-
ter General to establish Branch Post Offices in
Cities.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be au-
thorized and directed, when in his judgment the
public interest or convenience may require it, to
,establish one or more branch post offices, to fa-
cilitate the operation of the post office in any city
or place which, in the opinion of the Postmaster
General, may require such additional accommo-
dations for the convenience of the inhabitants; and
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to
prescribe the rules and regulations for the branch
post office which may be established by virtue of
this act. And the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized to charge one cent, in addition to the
regular postage, for every letter deposited in any
branch post office to be forwarded by mail from
the principal office, and which shall be prepaid
by stamp, and one cent for every letter delivered
at such branch office, to be paid on delivery: Pro-
vided, That no letter shall be sent from the prin-
cipal office to such branch office for delivery con-
trary to the request of the party to whom the
same may be addressed: And provided, The ex-
pense of such branch service shall not exceed the
receipts on account thereof.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the tenth
section of an act entitled " An act to establish
certain post routes, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, be, and hereby is, repealed.
Approved, April 16, 1862.
Chap. LVIL—An Act making additional Appro-
priations for the Naval Service for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the service of the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-two:
For the purchase of vessels and necessary al-
terations incurred in fitting them for service, two
million five hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For the purchase.of additional vessels, two mil-
lion dollars.
For the purchase of nautical instruments, books,
maps, and charts, twenty thousand dollars.
For repairs at Observatory, freight, and trans-
portation, three thousand dollars.
For the ordnance foundery at the Washington
navy-yard, fifty thousand dollars.
For ordnance, one million dollars.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the sum
of seven hundred and eighty-three thousand two
hundred and ninety-four dollars, being theamount
necessary to be provided, as estimated by a board
appointed for that purpose, to pay for and finish
the Stevens battery now partially constructed at
Hoboken, New Jersey, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the immediate
completion of said battery: Provided, That in the
contract for the completion of said vessel it shall
be stipulated that no part of the money claimed
by Edwin A. Stevens to have been heretofore ex-
pended by him upon said vessel shall be refunded
until the amount of said claim shall be established
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the payment of said sum shall be contingent
upon the success of said vessel as an iron-clad,
sea-going, war steamer, to be determined by the
President, and such contract shall stipulate the
time within which the vessel shall be completed:
Provided, nevertheless, That said money shall not
be expended unless the Secretary of the Navy is
of opinion that the same will secure to the public
service an efficient steam battery.
Sec. 3. And-be it further enacted, That the sum
of thirteen million dollais be appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to enable the Secretary of the Navy to
construct iron-clad steam vessels of war.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, the Sec-
retary of the Navy be authorized to commute the
Navy ration of coffee and sugar for the extract of
coffee combined with milk and sugar, to be pro-
cured in the same manner and under like restric-
tions and guarantees as are preserved meats,
pickles, butter, and desiccated vegetables, if he
shall believe it will be conducive to the health and
comfort of the Navy, and not more expensive to
the Government than the present ration, and if it
shall bo acceptable to the men.
Approved, April 17, 1862.
Chap. LYIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United- States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated for the service of
thePostOffiee Department for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
