1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to postpone the consideration of the bill until half
past twelve o'clock, and I will state the reasons
why I make this motion. In the first place, I have
no desire to hasten this repealing bill through the
Senate without a full understanding and consid-
eration of it; and I am surprised at the hot haste
and zeal of the Senator from Illinois and some
other Senators who seem to think there is some
intention here to take a snap judgment in the
Senate. I know of no occasion for the indulgence
of such language. In the next place, I want a
few moments to consider the bill to define the pay
of the officers of the Army—time enough to dis-
agree to the amendment of the House and ask for
a committee of conference. Now, if we postpone
thisrailroad bill until half past twelve o'clock 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts is on the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
suggestion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish to
finish my statement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas rise to a question of order?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir; but I desire
to say that I do not wish any action on that re-
pealing bill until I see all these documents in print.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am per-
fectly willing, if the Senate will postpone the rail-
road bill for half an hour, to have them printed,
and then to call up the bill to-morrow. Nobody
objects to that. Then I want three or four min-
utes in which to take up the bill we had under
consideration in the morning hour yesterday, to
define the pay of certain officers of the Army, and
to disagree to all the amendments of the House,
or some of those amendments, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. LATHAM, and others. There is no ob-
jection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts repeat his motion?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is to post-
pone the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill
until half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I hope the motion will prevail;
but I propose to amend it by saying half past one
o'clock, instead of half past twelve, if it can be
amended in that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not an
amendable motion. The Senator, however, can
move to postpone the bill until half past one
o'clock, and that will supersede the prior motion.
Mr. HALE. 1 move, then, to postpone it until
half past one o 'clock; and I will state to the Sen-
ate, very briefly, the reason. The bdl which the
Senate, by a vote of 19 to 17, has refused to take
up, I want to have considered by the Senate, for
the reason that the bill is one which requires the
immediate action of Congress one way or the
other. If the Senate means that the law which
has been passed shall remain a law, it will be ne-
cessary, and it will be my duty as chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, to urge the Senate
to make an appropriation of §12,000 for the addi-
tional clerks required. Now, I want to correct a
statement made by my honorable friend from Illi-
nois in hot haste. Hp says the Judiciary Com-
mittee called repeatedly 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not the committee.
Mr. HALE. Well, then, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, one of the committee, called re-
peatedly upon the Department to know if they
had any objection to this bill. I was up to the
Navy Department this morning, and I was told,
explicitly, by the Assistant Secretary that they
had never been called upon either by writing or
in person.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to explain. I was
not at tlie Navy Department; I went to the War
Department.
Mr. HALE. Very well: then there was a mis-
take in the statement of the honorable Senator
from Illinois in that respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the mistake
corrected if tin-re is any mistake about it. I un-
derstood that the Senator from Pennsylvaniaealled
repeatedly (and I think he did so state) upon the
War Department at any rate, and I know he was
directed to call by letter on the other Departments,
and I was informed that he had done so, and that
the letter was written, and I think the fact can be
established.
•2829
Mr. HALE. I have nothing to do with any
other statement except the one 1 was commenting
upon, which was that the committee had called
repeatedly on the Navy Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania called upon some of them.
Mr. HALE. I do not controvert that. I was
saying that I was at the Navy Department this
morning and was told explicitly that they had not
been called upon, either verbally or in writing.
Again, this bill was not introduced at the sugges-
tion of any subordinate or any chief of any de-
partment, but the Secretary of the Navy sent the
letter which I have read to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, asking for an additional appropriation,
and that called their attention to the subject, and
this bill was introduced without any suggestion
from anybody and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs,and they unanimously recommend-
ed that it be passed by the Senate. Now, sir, it
seems to be suggested that those who are in favor
of the passage of this bill want to cover up frauds,
or to shield somebody in theperpetration'of frauds.
I confess I am a little astonished at such an inten-
tion being suggested as-existing anywhere, par-
ticularly in regard to the action of any member of
this Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California will state his point of order.
Mr. LATHAM. My point of order is that upon
amotion to postpone the Pacific railroad bill, it
is not in order to discuss a bill that is not before
the body, and which, having lost its place upon
the Calendar, will not be before the Senate with-
out a special motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
of order is well taken. Every Senator understands,
as well as the Chair, that a collateral motion to
take up a bill or to postpone a bill does not in-
volve the merits of another bill. It is difficult for
the Chair to fix the limits to which Senators may
go in debate, and beyond which they shall not go.
Every Senator must be governed in a great meas-
ure by his own sense of propriety in the particu-
lar case.
Mr. HALE. If the Chair will indulge me a
single moment, 1 do not want to take up the time
of the Senate, i was not discussing the merits of
anything; but simply stating a fact which was
pertinent to the consideration of this question; and
having said thus much, I am willing that the bill
shall go over until to-morrow, if that is the pleas-
ure of the St-natc.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the gentlemen on the
other side who represent the Pacific railroad bill
will consent to let this be taken up, and let me
make a proposition to amend it so far as relates
to the Navy Department, and I think I can satisfy
every member here that so far as relates to that
Department, the bill ought not to be passed.
Mr. McDOUGrALL. I understand this meas-
ure very well, but I am satisfied it had better go
over to to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. The only trouble is they are
going on in express violation of the law, and sub-
jecting themselves to heavy penalties of fine and
imprisonment in the penitentiary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
to the Senator from Iowa to let it be so arranged
as to go over until to-morrow morning, and give
all gentlemen a chance to examine it. The oper-
ation of the law is worse on the War Office than
on the Navy Department.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to have those
letters printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the bill goes over, I hope
the letters will be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to postpone the Pacific railroad bill until half
past one o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to postpone the bill until half past
twelve o'clock—ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 350 is still before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is disposed of,
I wish that an order may be made to print these
communications, that we may see what they are.
The motion to punt was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move now
that the bill lie on the table,- so that it can come up
to-morrow morning, when the papers are printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the I2th in-
stant, in relation to the amount of money paid to
the States of Maine and Massachusetts for yield-
ing their assent under the Ashburton treaty, es-
tablishing the boundary between the United States
and the British possessions in America; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolav, his Secretary,announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 19th instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 241) to change the location of
the port of entry for the Puget Sound collection
district; and
An act (S. No. 299) for the relief of Rose M.
Harte, widow of Edward Harte.
PAX OF ARMY OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the Senate resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
the bill (S. No. 175) to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for other
purposes.
The sixteenth amendment of the House being
to insert as a new section:
Sec. —. jind le it further enacted, That there shall be
added to the AdjutantGeneral's department, by regular pro-
motion of its present officers, one colonel, two lieutenant
coluneh, and mne majors; and that the grade of captain m
said department shall thereafter be abolished, and all va-
cancies occurring in the grade of major shall be tilled by
selection from among the captains ot the Aimy—
An amendment was moved to the amendment
by Mr. Nesmitii, to strike out the words "and
that the grade of captain in said department shall
thereafter be abolished, and all vacancies occur-
ring in the grade of major shall be filled by selec-
tion from among the captains of the Army."
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in order to move to amend
by striking out the whole section?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not while an
amendment to the amendment is pending.
Mr.NESMITH. Is it in order for me to with-
draw my amendment and offer another amend-
ment to strike out the section?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Oregon can withdraw his own amendment;
there has been no action on it.
Mr.NESMITH. I withdraw it, and move to
strike out the whole section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
pending question before the Senate, the question
in order. The question is, will the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House ? and the neg-
ative of that vote strikes it out.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state, while I am up,
that I find on a close examination that this is a
mere proposition to promote twelve captains in
the Adjutant General's department and make one
of them a colonel, two of them lieutenant colonels,
and nine of them majors. It is simply a propo-
sition to increase the rank of the officers of that
department beyond what they would be entitled
to in proportion to the other departments of the
service, by the number of years which they have
served. As I stated yesterday, I think the officers
of that department are not entitled to the promo-
tion provided for by this section. The Senator
from Massachusetts undertook, however, to illus-
trate what they wore entitled to, by mentioning
the period of service of Major Goneral Buell, who
is now, I believe, a major in the AdjutantGeneral's
department. He said that that officer had served
twenty-one years, and by the provisions of this
section would only be a colonel. I have taken
some pains to look over the Army Register, and
I find that it promotes him to the rank of colonel
with about half the service which a man oidinarily
performs before he attains that rank. I find, by
looking over the list of the AdjutantGeneral's de-
partment, that but very few of the officers in that
department with the rank of captain have served
over ten or twelve years. I find by an examina-
tion of the lists of the other corps of the Army
that men have served over twenty years and are
