1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18&9
port by the gentleman from Illinois, now acting
chairman of the committee, the horses having
gone into the service of the Government in Gen-
eial Smith's departmental Paducah, Kentucky,
delivered by Bitting, on the Sacchi contract, and
by GluartermasterTurnlcyatthe timeso received,
and with the special promise that they should be
paid for, and who further testifies:
<£ 1 finally instructed Mr. Clark, the auditing clerk in my
office, thru if Bitting would renounce forever all claim for
damages against the Government, and indorse that upon his
contract and voucher, I would give him ;i voucher lor all
tin; hoists. Bitting demurred at that for twoor three days,
hut finally accepted it. Then I had to consider the matter
again."
And what is still more surprising, the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] quoted in
support of this monstrous assumption of power
at the expense of justice from that cunningly de-
vised fable known as " the final report by the com-
mission on war claims at St. Louis," and better
blown as Holt's attack on Fremont, the first
line of which reads as follows: "The under-
signed,commissioners appointed to examine and
decide upon claims," &c.; being a false assump-
tion, nocommission having such power emanating
from any of the Departments of this Government;
yet, sitting in that mission of assumed authority,
commit the flagrant, uncommon, and monstrous
act of boasting, and recording the boast, that par-
ties y persons having claims to be settled with the
Government, feared to present them in this ex-
traordinary and self-constituted court, met to " ex-
amine and decide" whether they would sustain the
contracts of the Government or violate them and
slander and condemn the claimants. Since the
days of Jeffries until this, no courtof which I now
recollect, either in fact or assumed, has felt it a
duty to threaten parties to its records or com-
ment upon their fears to enter into what seems
to have been a necessary competition with the
court, instead of its clemency and protection of
their legal rights.
The following is what the Holt report says on
the Sacchi and Bitting contract:
" Among other claims submitted to wad one of LouU
BiiUng, amounting to $5,500, loi luinMuag fury hoi^.
Accompany uuj it was the copy ol' what purported to be a
co.ihact entered into by Captain Turnlcy. on t'i° patt ol
tin- Government, and Au£ru«,tus> Sacchi. or Xcw Yoik, * to
piucha>e one thousand ijoi^c5? and maro*> in Canada, not
ovei ht.ueon nor under fourteen hands lush, and delivei
thorn m St. Louts at$13Ja head,' and also a copy of an a&-
surimcnt of the confiact by Sacchi to Bittm<r. Ilaving been
inhumed that the connact was made by Captain Tuniley,
by uuecuon of the imlmuy >cere'aiy ot the geneial com-
manding, and not fi om any judgment of ins own. and it ap-
pealing'upon the voucher as hied that the tame qtiaitei-
ina-ter had lelused to pay the vouchct issued in the name
of Sacchi to Bitting, we gave notice to the attorney of the
claimant that the latter mu t appeal in person, with a view
to his examination under oath, and aUo that he piodtice the
oi tenia! contract and assignment. The reason? why thU was
leq'incd will sufficiently appeal in the testimony of Captain
Tut nicy befoie the investigating committee. Though the
claim was for the large sum ot Stf>,500 none of the ongmal
papeis were filed, nofdid Mr. Dittingcvei appear before ih.
It i> iiaidlv portable that he would have iuii the chance of
lo mg a claim of bitch magnitude unless there had been
sume'iitgont leasou loi declining to submit himself to >uch
an examination, cither on Ins own account ui on that of
tbo pjnsous from whom he obtained an a^-gnment of the
eonaact."
If this contract was not a good one for the Gov-
ernment, there can be no loss sustained to it by
Bitung not fulfilling the remainder of it, and in
that case Bitting should have been paid for his
fifty horses, as shown by the testimony of Turn-
Jov is due him. If the contract was a good one
for the Government, then the charges of fraud by
the Van Wyek committee fall to the ground. And
no i-i in er body of men, assuming to act with the
aiuhuiity to decide claims, arc justifiable, on the
mo&t common grounds of justice or discretion, m
an! mad verting m their records before investiga-
tion upon the character of claims or claimants,
and a dcvi.ii.on from this forms the partisan.
Now, sir, a word in relation to these carbines.
It is immaterial whether these carbines were paid
for or not. Was it not a contract upon the part
of the Government, executed m good faith by the
Government, through a Government officer? I
want to draw the attention of the House to tins
fact, that the Hall carbines weie manufactured by
th" Government, in the Government armoues,
utuU r an ordnance officer. They had been ac-
cepted j  as Government arms. In the re<r-
ula.ions of that date I find they air valued at
twenty-one dollars. This was prior to the time
when they were rifled. I find in a regulation of
more recent date, and since the contract for these
arms was made, they are valued at seventeen dol-
lars.
I find, by the report of the committee, that these
arms were sold by the Government recently for
$3 50 apiece. I desire to know who*committed
that fraud? If the Government sold arms for $3 50
shortly after they were appraised at $17, I want
to see that fraud explained by the commitee. Is
it the man who purchases them, when the arms
are needed for the Army, at $22, who is guilty of
fraud, and is he to be charged with committing a
fraud, or is it he who sold them originally at $3 50,
in a time of war, who is justly chargeable with the
fraud? The committee do not ask the man who
sold the arms for §3 50, when the Government
needed them, to pay the difference in their value
to the Government. The committee suffer him to
go; they suffer the Treasury to be robbed in that
way, and attempt to strike at another, who had
nothing whatever to do with the original wrong.
I am obliged to the gentleman from Indiana for
giving me the opportunity to present these matters
to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN addressed the House for an
hour and three quarters, having been permitted to
occupy a portion ofthetime allotted to Mr. Dawes
in addition to his own hour. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. OLIN. I hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I deprecate as
much as any man the personalities which have
occurred in this debate, and of which I have had
my full Share. No man can legret them more
than myself.
Only a word as to the expenses of the commit-
tee. The committee never charged a per diem of
any kind; and their only charges have been for
their proper and necessary expenses, according
to the rule adopted by all committees, as ascer-
tained from the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, calculated while traveling at ten cents a mile
actual travd on business of the committee, which
included oil expenses of every kind while so
traveling; the sum total not exceeding, I think,
$13,000.
And now, leaving all other personalities out of
view altogether, I desire to bring the House back
to the question which is pending before it, and to
ascertain what it is the committee want tho mem-
bers to vote for. I ask them to turn their atten-
tion to the resolutions which the committee have
reported, and ask them to vote for. I ask mem-
bers, in all fairness and candor, to read those res-
olutions. The first resolution, upon which the
vote will be taken, is in these words:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to adjust the claim against the Government for the
live thousand Hall carbine*, purchased tbiough Simon Ste-
ven?, l^q-. bv General John C- Funnmit, on the Gth day of
August, lBGl.'and afterwards delivered at the United States
ai-enal at the city of St. Loui^, on the ba&is ot a 2-aleof is aid
arni-s to the Gove" nine, tt foi £12 50 each, rejecting all other
demands aamw the Government on account ot the pur-
chase of --aid aims.5'
That resolution proposes to pay a fair and rea-
sonable price for these arms. I understand the
price which is there fixed to be the same as that
fixed by the commission before whom the claim
is submitted. It is the recommendation of the
committee that it shall be settled on those terms.
As to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stla ens,] I do notlook
upon it as material, and I do not care a copper
whether it is adopted or not. We are not hero to
censure any living man, but for the purpose of
throwing ourselves in the way of an attempt to
take $50",000 out of the Treasury for nothing. The
whole profit is §90,000; and if this claim is settled
at 50 for each arm, it will still leave a profit
of £40,000.
The next resolution is in these words:
u RaolieJ, That the piactice of empkning irresponsible
parties, naving no official connection with the Government,
in the pcifoimancc ot public duties which may be piopeily
perfoimed by legular olheei- of the Government, and ot pui-
eha<ini.' Lv pi twite c mm act ^upphc-* tot the dilfeient Dcp.ut-
men'v, win ,,- ep.ni and fail competition might be propei\y
invited hv ii'iKonable advi iti.-enirn^ loi pioposal^.is inju-
ltou" to the public s.'tvtce, and meets the unquaiitied dis-
apptobation ot tin-. House.
I submit, in the light of the experience of the
i last six months, that no man can refuse his vote
for that resolution. It is Said that the exposures
made by this committee have brought the nation
into disgrace abroad. Is it the committee that has
brought the nation into disgrace ? Is it the court
where scandal is tried that brings disgrace upon
the parties, or the scandal itself? The question
is, shall we cover up thi§ sore, or open and probe
it to the bottom? The question is, whether, after
we had appointed the committee and they had
ascertained that these frauds existed, we should
prefer that they should be concealed from the pub-
lic, than that the fact should go abroad that such
disgraceful frauds existed in this nation ? There
may be disgrape when we show ourselves unable
to come up to the rescue; when we show that we
have not vital life enough for public virtue; that
we have not recuperative energy enough to reform
these abuses when we have clearly ascertained
that they exist in our midst. If we do not at once
strike down these frauds, and do all within our
power to prevent them in the future, then, indeed,
they may say abroad, and they may say at home,
that all love for public virtue has abandoned our
land and our Government. But, sir, no man can
be personally responsible when we have done
what in us lies to correct these abuses.
The House is asked to vote down these reso-
lutions, first, because of a typographical error,
which, as I have already stated to the House, I
sought to corrcct last March, and, secondly, be-
cause the committee confounded two men of the
same name, which fact was admitted on last Fri-
day upon this floor. Those, sir, are all the sins
which have been brought to our door. I doubt
not there are other mistakes. It would be won-
derful, if, in such a vast amount of testimony as
they present to this House, the committee had
not made more mistakes. We submit to you, on
our character arid good faith, these resolutions for
your adoption. We submit to the House, who
raised this committee and sot us about this work,
that the public reproach at home and abroad will
not be that we have labored to lay bare and cor-
rect these evils, but that, having had them brought
to our notice, we shrunk from their magnitude and
consequence. It is said that it is better far that
they had been kept out of sight—better far that
you had covered them up with a vail, than to have
opened them to the sight, and to have probed them
and corrected thorn. Thatis not_the position which
1 take; and my friends on this side of the House
ought to know it when they undertake to have
these resolutions voted down. Gentlemen have
offered amendments reflecting on the character of
Government officials; they are amendments for
which this committee is not responsible.
Sir, shall we be a whitewashing committee? Is
it the complaint that we have not been a white-
washing committee ? It is claimed that we have
been a star chamber. Now, in point of fact, that
is not true. We pursued the work which had
been intrusted to us. We were a committee of the
grand inquest of the nation. This House, in
its State papers, if not m the Constitution itself,
is held to he thegrand inquestof the nation. This
grand jury, in any inquiry it makes, acts iu the
manner of a grand jury. It can do nothing but
brine: these facts before those who have the power
to enter judgment. AVe have pursued the matter
which was intrusted to us in that way.
And, sir, we now submit these two resolutions,
the socond one modified accoidmg to the wishes
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, if the ma-
jority of the House is satisfied that it should be
so modified, though I shall vote against the modi-
fication. Then, when these two resolutions are
presented,I submit to the House whether,in the
face of the present state of things in the country,
andattlns time, we shall hesitate,$ve shall shrink
from recommending to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury not to pay more than £40,000 profits upon
a single trade for five thousand aims? Shall we
shrink from that? The Secretary of the Treasury
is not bound by our acts, I know; but I am happy
to say heie, as I have elsewhere, that he has co-
operated with the committee to the full extent of
the purposes and wishes of the committee, in at-
tempting to correct all these abuses, and I have
no doubt that he will take the action of this Honse
to-day upon tins resolution as decisive with him.
On the other hand, have we not seen a system
of commissions to middle men growing up—I care
not who set the first example—all over the coun-
try, stepping iu between the producer and fur-
