1862.]
APPESDl! TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Laws of the United States.
3Tth Cong....2d Sess.
three, out of any moneys in the Treasury arising
from the revenues of the said Department, in con-
formity to the act of the second of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six:
For transportation of the mails, (inland,) six
million nine hundred and sixty-one thousand dol-
lars.
. For compensation to postmasters, two million
two hundred and thirty-four thousand dollars.
For clerics in the offices of postmasters, eight
hundred and forty-six thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, twelve
thousand dollars.
For office furniture in the post offices, two thou-
sand dollars.
For advertising, thirty-six thousand dollars.
For mail bags, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For wrap ping paper, forty-five thousand dollars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, fifty-six
thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous payments, one hundred and
eighty-seven thousand dollars.
For postage stamps, and stamped envelopes,
ninety thousand dollars.
For payments of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, two hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For payments to letter carriers, one hundred
and fifty-two thousand dollars.
For transportation of foreign mails, four hun-
dred and sixty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of twenty-five additional
clerks in the Post Office Department, authorized
by the "Act to promote the efficiency of the Dead
Letter Office," approved January twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, from the date of
their appointment to the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, eight thousand eight
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That if the
revenues of the Post Office Department shall be
insufficient to meet the appropriations of this act,
then the sum of two million one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to supply
deficiencies in the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending the thirtieth June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum
of one million dollars is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the service of the California central
route.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts heretofore passed requiring that
the Postmaster General, in causing the transpor-
tation of mails by steamships between the United
States and any foreign port or ports, or between
any ports of the United States, touching at a for-
eign port, shall give preference to American over
foreign steam ships, when depai tingfiom the same
portfor the same destination within three days of
each other, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and ije is hereby, authorized
to establish a coast mail, not less than semi-
monthly, by steam vessels, between San Fran-
cisco and Crescent City, in the State of California,
including service at the intermediate ports: Pro-
vided, That the sum to be paid for such service
shall not exceed the sum of twenty thousand dol-
lars per annum.
Approved, April 17,1863.
Chap. LTX.—An Act to establish a Branch Mint
of tile United States at Denver, in the Territory
of Colorado.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That a branch of the mint of the United
States be located and established at Denver, in the
Territory of Colorado, for the coinage of gold.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted, That, for carry-
ing on the business of said branch, the following
officers shall be appointed as soon as the public
interest shall require their service, upon the nom-
ination of the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, namely: one superin-
tendent, one assayer, one melter and refiner, and
one coiner; and the said superintendent shall em-
ploy as many clerks, subordinate workmen, and
laborers, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, as may be lequired. The salaries
of the said officers shall be as follows: To the
superintendent, the sum of two thousand dollars;
to the assayer, the sum of eighteen hundred dol-
lars; to the melter and refiner, eighteen hundred
dollars; to the coiner, eighteen hundred dollars;
to the clerks, subordinate workmen, and laborers,
such wages and allowances as are customary ac-
cording to their respective stations and occupa-
tions.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the officers
and clerks to be appointed under this act, before
entering upon the execution of their offices, shall
take an oath or affirmation, before some judge of
the United States or of the supreme court of said
Territory, faithfully and diligently to perform the
duties of their offices, and shsul each become bound
to the United States of America, with one or more
Sureties, to the satisfaction of the director of the
mint or the secretary of the Territory of Colorado
and of the Secretary of the Treasury, with the
condition of the faithful performance of the duties
of their offices.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the gen-
eral direction of the business of said branch of the
mint of the United States shall be under the con-
trol and regulation of the director of the Mint at
Philadelphia, subject to the approbation of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and for that purpose
it shall be the duty of the said director to prescribe
such regulations and require such returns period-
ically and occasionally, and to establish such
charges for parting, assaying, refining, and coin-
ing, as shall appear to Ijim to be necessary for the
purpose of carrying into effect the intention of this
act in establishing said branch; also for the pur-
pose of preserving uniformity of weight, form, and
finish in the coin stamped at said branch.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said
branch mint shall be a place of deposit for such
public moneys as the Secielary of the Treasury
may direct. And the superintendent of said branch
mint, who shall perform the duties of treasurer
thereof, shall have the custody of the same, and
also perform the duties of assistant treasurer; and
for that purpose shall be subject to all the pro-
visions contained in an act entitled " An act to
provide for the better organization of the treasury,
and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue," approved
Augustsix,eighteenhundred'and forty-six, which
relates to the ti*asury of the branch mint at New
Orleans.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That the super-
intendent of said branch mint be authorized, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
on terms to be prescribed by him, to issue in pay-
ment of the gold dust and bullion deposited for
assay and coinage or bars, drafts, or certificates
of deposit, payable at the Treasury or any sub-
Treasury of the United States, to any depositor
electing to receive payment in that form.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all the
laws and parts of laws now in force for the regu-
lation of the Migt of the United States, and for the
government of the officers and persons employed
therein, and for the punishment of all offenses con-
nected with the mint or coinage of the United
States, shall be, and they are hereby, declared to
be in full force ill relation to the branch of the
mint by this act established, as far as the same
may be applicable thereto.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of seventy-five* thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to carry
into effect the provisions of this act, and to meet
the expenses of the current year, and for the fiscal
year ending theHhirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three.
Appkoyed, April 21, 1862.
CitAr. LX1II.—An Act relating to Highways in
the County of Washington and District of Co-
lumbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, it shall be lawful for the levy court of Wash-
ington county, in the District of Columbia, to
alter, rfipair, widen, and regulate the public roads
and highways in said county, and to Jay out ad-
ditional roaus as hereinafter specified.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all roads
within said county of Washington which have
been used by the public fora period of twenty-five
years or more as a highway, and have been recog-
nized by the said levy court as public county roads,
and for the repairs of which the said levy court has
appropriated and expended money, are declared
public highways, whether the same have been re-
corded or not; and any person who shall obstruct
the free use of Mid highways, or any one of them,
without Authority from said levy court, shall be
subject to a fine for each and every offense of not
less than one hundred or more than two hundred
and fifty dollars, to be imprisoned till the said fine
and the costs of suit and collection of the same are
paid; said fines to be collected in the name of the
United States, for the use of the levy court.
Sec: 3. And be it further enacted, That within
one year from the passage of this act the levy
court shall cause the surveyor of the said county
of Washington to survey and plat all such roads
as arc named in the last preceding section, and
have the same recorded among the records of said
county now used for recording surveys and plats
of other public county roads; and, in making said
survey, the county surveyor shall follow, as nearly
as possible, the lines and boundaries heretofore
used and known as a highway, and he shall cause
the lines and boundaries of the same to be perma-
nently marked and fixed by the erection of stones
or posts at the different angles thereof.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all such
roads as are named in the second section of this
act as have been obstructed by any person or per-
sons in any manner within the last six years shall
be reopened by the levy court, if, in the judgment
of said court, the public convenience requires it;
and the expenses thereby incurred shall be paid
by the person or persons who shall have obstructed
the same, which expenses shall be collected as
fines aie lequired to be collected under the second
section of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That hereafter,
in laying out new roads in said county of Wash-
ington, the levy courts shall ca'use such roads to
be of a width of not less than fifty nor moie than
one hundred feet, and it may also cause the width
of any of the existing roads in said county to be
increased to not more than one hundred feet, and
change the location of any of them, as the said
levy court may dfiem best for the public interest;
and for the purpose of opening or widening such
roads, the said levy court is hereby empowered to
cause to be condemned any land or lands necessary
for the same,as other landsare now condemned by
law.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in any
case where materials shall be necessary for making
or repairingapublic road, if the levy court cannot
agree with the owner as to their purchase, the
said court may proceed in the same manner for
condemning said materials as in cases of condem-
nation of land for the purposes of a public road.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no field
or garden, or yard, in actual cultivation,shall be
laid open or used as a public highway until after
the usual time of taking off the crops growing
thereon.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the re-
quirement in the existing laws, that members of
the levy court shall be appointed from among the
justices ofthe peace in the county of Washington,
is hereby repealed.
Approved, May 3, 1862.
Chap. LXV1-—An Act to amend an Act entitled
" An Act to provide increased Revenue from
Imports, to pay interest on the Public Debt, and
for other purposes, approved August five, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provision in the fifty-thud
section ofthe act " to provide increased revenue
from imports, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved August five,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, allowing such
portion of the tax as may be assessed by any
