J870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nisher on the one side and the Government upon
"the other, and 1ms not that cost this Government
millions and millions of dollars? We call upon
you, as one of the convictions of the committee
growing out of their proceedings, covering over
eleven hundred pages, to say here that that prac-
tice,, wherever it is known, shall be abandoned.
There are submitted to the House amendments
to the resolutions, but we as a committee do not
ask you to vote for them. They are to be passed
upon by each member upon his own responsibility
and his own opinion as to the propriety of the
amendment. But the committee submit to you,
not only in the face of this country, but, as the
gentleman from New York says, of the whole
world, whether this nation, which the Old World
has come to believe, for some cause or other, is
corrupt in all its transactions, in all its dealings,
has vital power enough to recover itself and cor-
rect this evil. When it shall be shown to the
nations of the earth, and when it shall come to
be understood, that the moment these abuses are
pointed out, we contain within ourselves the ele-
ments of rectitude sufficiently strong and suffi-
ciently vigorous to apply the remedy, then the
nations of the earth will turn that which has been
scorn and ridicule into respect and admiration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
not move the previous question.
Mr. OLIN. I hope the gentleman will give
way a few moments.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask for a moment to make
a single suggestion.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw his motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question; I give way to my colleague
upon the committee, [Mr. Fenton,] upon the con-
dition that he will renew the demand for the pre-
vious question when he leaves the floor.
Mr. FENTON obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. OLIN. I appeal to my colleague to allow
me a single moment.
Mr. FENTON. I will yield a moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. OLIN. lam under obligation, Mr. Speaker,
to my colleague from New York; the only pur-
pose I had in rising at this moment was to say
but a word which 1 deemed pioper to say upon
this occasion, and the importance of which per-
haps will be lost upon any subsequent hour of
the session.
I rise to no purpose of entering into this dis-
cussion, either to advocate the report of this com-
mittee or to attack it. In my judgment, if the
committee cannot defend their report, it ought to
fall before the judgment of this House. But I do
rise for the purpose of saying one word in relation
to a subject which has been broached by my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mooriiead.] It is the
second occasion since I have been upon this floor,
in which gentlemen have taken the opportunity
of remarking in reference to the conduct of the
officer at the head of the Ordnance department,
and to reflect upon the conduct of that gentleman,
if not by way of impugning his integrity or ca-
pacity, at least by way of disparaging his efforts
while he lias been at the head of that department.
Sir, my duties in this House have almost daily
brought me in contact with that officer since the
commencement of the present session of Con-
gress. It is said by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Mooriie.vd] that he diu not know
that there is anything morally derelict in that
officer, but that he lias not yet waked up to the
exigencies of this occasion. Is there any man
upon the floor of this House who does not know
that the earliest moment our present difficulties
reached General Ripley, while abroad in China,
h>' sought the first opportunity to return to the
United States tu offer his humble services to the
Government; and that he reached here much
quicker than most officers in the naval and mili-
tary service of the Government, who had the ad-
vantages of steamships to return them to the ser-
vice of their country if they desired? One charge
was made upon a former occasion, which I re-
April 29,
futed, that he had been instrumental in selling
those valuable arms to the service—Hall's car-
bines—at a mere nominal consideration, and which
were subsequently purchased by General Fre-
mont, or by his agent, whereby the Government
was defrauded. F was not aware upon that oc-
casion of all the facts, but it so turned out that
General Ripley had nothing whatever to do with
that transaction; that the arm was condemned
years ago, ami an order made for its sale before
he returned to this country, and the sale made in
pursuance to that order.
Now the gentleman has made another charge
against General Ripley—that he has caused to be
sold some Springfield muskets, which were sub-
sequently purchased by the Government as a more
valuable arm than they could purchase anywhere
else. Now, I venture to say, without knowing
anything about facts, that there is not one word
.of truth in it. Let me say to the gentleman that
not an arm belonging to the United States Gov-
ernment has been sold since the 4th of March,
1861, unless it had been condemned by a regular
board of officers of the Ordnance department, and
sold in pursuance of that order. And I venture
to assert that General Ripley has not been upon
such an inspecting and condemning board since
his return to this country, I care not who asserts
it. And so far as any sale of arms by the Gov-
ernment is concerned, I venture to say that no
other connection of General Ripley has been had
with such sale unless in carrying out the order of
the Department in the discharge of his duties.
Now, sir, while I make no attack here, and am
no party to this controversy, while I regret as
much as any member of the Republican party can
possibly regret, that exhibition which we have had
during the past two days, and perhaps three, I
do protest, that when gentleman find it necessary,
in defense of their friends or of any particular
measure, to pull down the character and reputa-
tion of other men, I will not for one sit in silence
and listen to it. I assert, without fear of contra-
diction, that so far as the character and conduct of
this particular officer is concerned, with whom I
have been in daily contact, that 110 officer of the
Government has discharged his duty with more
fidelity, with more entire devotion, and with more
patriotic zeal, than this same gentleman, who has
been the constant object of attack in this House.
And why? Is it because this report, in reference
to the purchase of arms, is considered by some
gentlemen necessary to be discredited in defense
of their particular friends, that these attacks are
made? Ifit is, I beg gentlemen to peruse carefully
that report, to trace it step by step, and see with
what fidelity, with what regard toduty,with what
intelligence, and with what reference to public in-
terests, the duties of-that officer have been dis-
charged. If his admonitions had been listened to,
what an amount of money would have been saved
to the public Treasury. Now, about the loyalty
of some men there may be a question, but it is not
possible that in reference to this man there should
be a question of controversy.
I am glad to have this opportunity to raise my
voice in vindication of him. I know it is said
frequently, by way of taunt and ridicule, that this
man is behind the age; that he has not listened
patiently to every man who has come to him with
some device with which he is going to put an end
to this present rebellion, and to modify the whole
system of warfare existing in this country. Every
variety of " devilish enginry " has been brought for
his inspection, and all the ordnance officers of the
Department would not have been sufficientto have
examined all the contrivances that have been
thrust under the noses of the Ordnance depart-
ment for them to inspect, examine, and recom-
mend for adoption. General Ripley has put all
that aside. He had other duties to perform. The
remark has been frequently made that his real
preference is for the old arm of the service, the old
Springfield smooth-bore musket, and that he has
not listened with patience to every new invention
presented to him. I undertake to say now that
if you will listen to the experience of "the best-in-
formed military men in the Army, the almost con-
cur) ent judgment of those men will be that the old
smooth-bore Springfield musket is the best arm
now in the service, either domestic or foreign, and
that is the opinion of General Ripley. I have
heard him avow it frequently and assign his rea-
sons for it, and 1 have heard the most accom-
plished men in your Army avow the same opinion,
and for the obvious reason that until a man is so
familiarized with the rifled musket, and so skilled
in its use as to keep it in order, the Springfield
rifled musket is often found to be a far inferior
arm to the smooth-bore musket.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. OLIN. My friend usually creates more
disorder than he quells. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mypoint of order is that the
gentleman is not entitled to the floor during the
time of his colleague, if there is objection; and I
object.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had made
the objection when the floor was taken by the gen-
tleman from New York it would have been in
time, but the Chair thinks it is too late now.
Mr. OLIN. Out of courtesy to my friend from
Illinois, whom I greatly respect, I will resign the
floor to my colleague.
Mr. FENTON resumed the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman allow me
a single moment to make a suggestion?
Mr. FENTON. I must be excused for declin-
ing to give way to any gentleman for any pur-
pose. All will agree that it is time this debate was
brought to a close.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman will allow me
to make a single suggestion to him. It is simply
this: that the resolution shall be amended by strik-
ing out the price fixed by the committee to be paid
for these carbines, and inserting "at the prices
fixed for the same in the revised United States
Army Regulations," which is seventeen dollars.
With that amendment, I will cheerfully vote for
the resolution.
Mr. OLIN. Let me say a word as to the price.
Mr. FENTON. I must decline to give way to
my colleague. I desire to make no speech, nor
to detain the House two minutes.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question in reference to the
resolution ?
Mr. FENTON. I must decline. I wish first
to ask the consent of the House that a portion of
the testimony of General Ripley,given on the 16th
of December, 1861, may be printed with his writ-
ten statement which has been submitted to the
House to-day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that he allow it to be read. It is only a paragraph.
Mr. FENTON. Very well; I will ask the Clerk
to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The Hull's arms had been tried in service and been re-
ported unlitfor u-c as a military weapon, and none of these
arms were issuable to troops. Many had been previously
condemned and sold at auction, bringing from six dollars
(the highest price for a smali lot) to seventy-two cents, and
not averaging at auction more than two dollars. The con-
demnation for use in seivice was on account of the princi-
ple of the arm, and applied to new as much as to damaged
aims, in September last a special estimate w?s received
at the Ordnance office for funds to pay tor arms purchased
by General Fremont or his agents. Among the purchases,
as shown by the vouchers accompanying that estimate,
were Hall's carbines, (number not remembered, but quite
considerable,) at §-33 GO each. Whether they were the same
arms that Eastman bought or not is not known at this office.
The Ordnance office declined to send the tunds estimated
for, and submitted the estimate to the Secretary of War, giv-
ing its reasons therefor, that the purchases were not made
as lequired by law, third section of tile act of February 8,
1815; that the prices for some of the aitieles purchased
(specifying, atnon<r others, the Hall's carbines—an arm re-
jected, after trial, trom the United States service—at.$2-2 50)
were veiy high ; and that there was no evidence that the
arms purchased had undeigone inspection by a United
States officer, or any inspection at all."
Mr. SHANKS. When was that testimony
taken ?
Mr. FENTON. Last December. It has been
stated by one of my colleagues, [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling,] and by other gentlemen upon the floor
of the House, that the explanations of the com-
mittee were disingenuous in regard to the errors,
or alleged errors, in the testimony touching Mr.
Saechiand Mr. Alexander Cummmgs. That there
may be no occasion forany complaint, I take this
opportunity to state that, though not at St. Louis
with the committee, the facts warrant mo in say-
ing that the Mr. Sacchi having the horse eontiact
is not the Mr. Sacchi mentioned as a member of
General Fiemont's staff. 1 regret the error, and
the prejudice to the reputation of either, if any,
by this confounding of names.
Then in regard to the note of Mr. Curnmings,
I have to state that the error was made by the mis-
take of the printer alone, und from the proof-
