848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
service obtained and made colonel of it, and it is
now at Port Royal or a portion of it is on the way
there, and I do not find it in the reports here at
all. '
Mr. GRIMES. It is in the supplement.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator says it is in the supplement that has been sent
in. At any rate, I know the reports are imperfect;
but as far as information can be gathered, I think
we have somewhere from thirty to forty regiments
in the field armed and equipped and in service.
We have then several regiments, full as far as
men arc concerned, but not armed, and many of
them not mounted. I believe it is the desire not
to mount many more of these regiments and bring
them into the field.
1 am in favor of the passage of the bill in some
form, either at fifty or forty regiments. I am will-
ing to take it at forty. That will give us forty-
eight thousand men. It will be a vast body of
men As Senators have said these cavalry forces
cost a vast deal more than infantry forces, and I
believe one infantry regiment worth two cavalry
regiments anywhere in the country, except, per-
haps, to travel over the vast space of the western
plains. I think it would be wise policy, if this
Army was to move to-day, to be very careful
where they place some of these new cavalry regi-
ments, for there would be more danger of their
stampeding themselves and stampeding the Army
than there would be of their injuring the enemy.
A cavalry regiment, when well armed, weU mount-
ed, and well trained, is a powerful organization;
but without that training (and you cannot give
it in a few days or a few months) they arc vastly
less efficient than infantry. A very large num-
ber of these regiments, ceitainly I think not less
than thirty of these skeleton regiments, are to-day
not mounted, unarmed, or only partially armed;
some of them are full and some not. They are
lying about the country, consuming the public
property, doing no service whatever, but demor-
alizing the men, and they ought to be mustered
out of the service, or they ought to be made in-
fantry, or consolidated into regiments and those
regiments put actively into the field at work.
I think forty regiments, containing forty-eight
thousand men, will make afoice sufficient foi all
purposes. It is ten regiments, or twelve thousand
men, less than General Stoneman, at the head of
the cavalry force, and Gencnil McClellan, in in-
dorsing this report, and the lute. Secretary of War,
and the present Secretary of War in yielding to
their opinions, desire. Hut, as the Senator from
Maine has said, it is the desire of all persons,
having military authority, of course,, to strengthen
their particular command, and their particular
arm of service. That is (rue; and we have got to
make till reasonable reductions. 1 think foity
regiments, containing (orly-right thousand men,
will make an immense and powerful cavalry force.
In my judgment, we shall then have to purchase
at least ten or fifteen thousand horse.s to mount
this force; for, with the best calculations I can
make, and all the information I can obtain I do
not believe we have over thirty-five or forty thou-
sand mounted men in the public sei vice armed and
mounted at the present time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs that
we had better stand by the recommendation of the
War Department, or else let this matter over
two or three days, and ascertain whether the War
Department now desire to have a less number than
fifty, which is named. I dislike to act upon the
pendulum principle, which seems to have con-
trolled us in the matter of cavalry. Before the bat-
tle of Bull Run, we were told, " you need no cav-
alry," and the Department would not accept any.
After the battle of Bull Run, and we wore defeated
there, under the influence of the opinions produced
upon the War Department, they atonce went to the
furthest extreme, and said, nowwe will accept all
the cavalry that will offer themselves. They have
offered themselves in large numbers; up, I believe,
to about eighty regiments, it is conceded that tins
is too much, and it is necessary to have the num-
ber fixed, and the number reduced. But now,sir,
when the telegraph biings to us the first news of
a great victory, let us not, in the moment of feel-
ing give way and swing the pendulum to the other
side, and reduce the amount of ca\alry to a small
figure, without consulting with the War Depart-
ment. They have recommended fifty regiments.
I think we had better stand by that, and pass the
bill at that, or let it go over three or fotir days un-
til we consult again with the War Department and
the Commanding General as to the number of regi-
ments which are necessary. I do not feel at lib-
erty myself to vote for only forty regiments under
these circumstances. I must vote for the fifty, if
the bill is to be pressed to-day.
Mr. CLARK. Prom an expression dropped
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, I understand that he supposes this bill to
apply only to volunteer cavalry. I desire to sug-
gest to him that there is nothing in it limiting it
to volunteer cavalry; and the last section expressly
provides for reducing " all the cavalry forces now
in the service." The bill ought to be amended
if the intention is to confine it to the volunteer
forces.
Mr. HARRIS. Insert the word " volunteer."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I thank the
Senator from New Hampshire for calling my at-
tention to that point. It was intended to apply to
the volunteers alone, to reduce the seventy-seven
volunteer regiments of cavalry. I do not wish to
interfere with the six cavalry regiments of the reg-
ular Army now in the field. My object was to
consolidate the seventy-seven volunteer regiments
of cavalry. I will amend my amendment by in-
serting the word " volunteer" before "cavalry,"
m the fourth line of the second section. Then with
the six regiments of regular cavalry we should
have fifty-four thousand men in the cavalry ser-
vice. 1 think that is a large enough cavalry force.
Mr. CLARK. I would suggest to the Senator
to make a further verbal amendment, to strike out
the word "all," in the fourth line of the second
section, and to change the woid " beyond," in the
fifth line, to " to."
The VICE l^RESIDENT. Those modifica-
tions will be made by unanimous consent. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment to strike out "fifty,"
and insert " forty."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS— Mcshs. Anthony, Oaililo, Claifc, Fes«ewlen,
Foster, Grimes, llalc, Ilaikin, llendeibOii, Howard, Ken-
nedy, Latham, Momll, Pomeroy, Powell. Salisbury, Sher-
man, Sunnier, Thomson, Tiuinbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wille.v, Wilson of Massachusetts, aiwl Wilson of Mis&oun
NAYS — Messrs. Collamer, Divnn, Doohttlo, Harris,
Howe, King, McDougail, Nesmith, ltiee, and Ten Ej ck—
10.
So the amendment to the amendmentwas agreed
to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to offeran amend-
ment that 1 think will meet the universal appro-
bation of the Senate. It is to insert at the end of
the first section the following proviso:
And provided farther, That 1'ioni tiio^e officers athl sol-
dieis who shall be mustered out of swviee under tin* act
ihe ITnited States shall icecivo their imifoune, arms, and
equipments, and allow to the said ofliccrs and «-ol<lieis,
rcfpeetivclv, pay for the same at theii onginal cost.
I oilor this amendment because many gentlemen
have gone into the service and been at large ex-
pense in raising their companies and regiments;
and now, if they are to be mustered out with uni-
forms and equipments upon their hands bought
at their own expense, it will entail heavy expense
upon them. I think it but just that the Govern-
ment should reimburse these expenses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Government fur-
nishes the soldiers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, we can except the
soldiers, and apply the provision only to the
officers.
Mr. DIXON. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin whether it would not be better to pay
for the uniforms without requiring them to be
returned. It is very questionable whether they
will be able to leturn them. The idea is to refund
the money which they have been compelled to
expend, and it seems to me it ought to be refunded
without requiring the uniforms to be returned to
the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing to put the
proposition in any form in which justice can be
done to these men. They have been invited by
the Government to enlist. Many of them have
been at great expense: some have expended three
hundred or four hundred or five hundred dollars
in raising companies. Now, when it is proposed
to muster them outof service without giving them
a chance to do any service, I think it is but just
in some mode to refund their expenses. I will
accept any proposition that the Senator from Con-
necticut desires to move on that subject that will
reach the same result.
Mr. DIXON. Let it read in this way: " there
shall be refunded to such officers as furnished their
own uniforms the amount thus expended, when
they may be mustered out of service."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise simply to inquire
whether the soldiers are not uniformed at the ex-
pense of the Government. The officers, I under- -
stand, furnish their own uniform;but the Govern-
ment furnishes everything to the soldiers.
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin ought to strike out of his amendment every-^
thing in relation to soldiers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How about arms and
equipments ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are furnished by
the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well; I have no ob-
jection to striking out the soldiers. I was under
theimpression thatthesoldierhada certain amount
deducted from his wages for the purpose of fur-
nishing these articles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. Arms, equip-
ments, and everything else are furnished to the
soldier.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I take it
that the officers who have been engaged in raising
these regiments will receive compensation for their
time and services, and that,I think, will pay their
expenses. We furnish certainly arms and equip-
ments and uniforms for the soldiers. We shall,
of course, take back their arms; but as to their
uniforms, I suppose the Government will have to
lose them. They have rendered no real service,
and yet they will have received pay and uniforms.
I suppose the Government will lose the uniforms.
They are soon worn out, at any rate. I doubt
very much the expediency of adopting this amend-
ment, and it seems to me, as is suggested by the
Senator fiom Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] that it puts
the Government in the old-clothes business. I
think we had better not adopt it. I think the
Government wil 1 settle properly with all these men,
and dismiss them in a way that will be satisfac-
tory to them. I do not think the Government
will do injustice to any of these men.
Mr. HOWE. I do not think the Government
will do injustice to those men, unless it is com-
pelled to do so; but if we frame laws to guide the
action of the Government, which compel it to do
injustice, I do not see how it is going to avoid
doing it; it will be excusable if it does it. I am
informed, by very credible military authority ♦
about here, that the cost of the uniforms is de-
ducted from the pay of the soldiers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Gov-
ernment allows so much a month for clothing,
$3 50 I think it is now, to each soldier, making
forty-two dollars a year.
Mr. HOWE. In addition to their pay; and
whatever clothing they get from the Government
is deducted from their pay.
Mr. GRIMES. Not the original clothing.
Mr. llQW'E. If they draw over the amount
allowed for clothing it is deducted from their pay,
I take u. Now here are a great many regiments
which have been musteied into the service of the
United States, and you propose by this bill to
muster them out. 1 know, as to some of them,
that they have never received a dollar of pay. I
know regiments encamped for four months that
have never seen a paymaster yet. I do not think
it would be right to muster them out now and
make them pay for their uniforms. I know of
officers, commissioned and equipped, uniformed
and mounted, who have incurred an expense of
$800, and have never received a dollar of the Gov-
ernment money, who will be mustered out of ser-
vice under this bill. It is something of a burden
to impose on young men. I think the Govern-
ment can stand it better than they can, and I think
it is hut fair that the Government should doit.
It is the fault of the Government that they were
mustered m when they were not needed. I hope
this amendment or something like it will be
adopted, if this bill is to pass.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
littlje] by adding, "whenever in the opinion of
the Secretary of War it may be deemed equita-
