1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sheets of this as well as all other testimony the
committee drew-up their report, it not being pos-
sible to use the manuscript, and I am, therefore,
free to acknowledge thatthephraseologyemployed
by the committee, under the circumstances, touch-
ing this particular, was unintentionally prejudicial
to Mr, Cummings. This much I say in justice to
these parties, and in explanation of the uninten-
tional errors of the committee, and I believe these
are the only ones complained of.
Now, one word in reference to a complaint
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] in his speech yesterday. lie alleged
that the committee had failed to furnish persons
implicated in the investigation with copies of the
testimony, or to afford them an opportunity to
come before the committee and reply. I wish to
repeat my statement made at the time, that in no
instance during the sessions of the committee in
New York, Harrisburg, or in this city, when I
was present, cxcept in one instance, that 1 bring
to mind now, did they fail to furnish the party
accused with a copy of the testimony affecting
him, or to afford him the opportunity of coming
before the committee and explaining.
The gentleman said the journal of the commit-
tee did not show it. The journal does not show
that the committee furnished the Secretary ofWar
with a copy of the testimony taken before them.
It does not show that they furnished information
to Mr. George D.Morgan, or Mr. Comstock, or
to parties interested in the Cataline, or others,
with copies of the testimony or the character of
the charges which implicated those parties. It is,
nevertheless, true, and I assert again that except
in one instance there was no such failure on the
part of the committee, so far as my personal knowl-
edge goes.
Mr. COLFAX. Did they do it in the western
department?
Mr. FENTON. I repeat, although it can
scarcely be necessary, I apprehend, for the in-
formation of the House or the country, that I was
at no time with the committee during their investi-
gations 111 the western military department. I
was not only absent from their sittings, but! took
occasion when the report was made to the House
to dissent from the conclusions of the committee
upon the testimony taken in that depaxtnient. I
demand the previous question on the resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes after five o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 30, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplatn, He v. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday wasread and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented two
petitions from merchants, traders,and citizens of
Brooklyn, New York, praying for the passage of
a genei.il uniform bankrupt law: which were re-
fened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS. I present the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York.
It is a more than usually interesting document.
It !elates to the subject of taxation; and as it
emanates from a higlily respectable body of men
repH'Scnting the capital and the commercial inter-
ests, to a great extent, of that city, and relates to
a subject which will very soon demand the atten-
tion of the Senate, and presents views which, m
m v judgment, are worthy of consideration, T take
ihr liberty, hoping it will meet with the approba-
tion of the Senate, of moving that it be printed,
and also that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILMOT presented two memorials of
merchants and business men of the city of Phil-
adelphia, remonstrating against the passage of a
bankrupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying for the adoption of such meas-
ures " as will insure emancipation to all the people
throughout the whole land, and thus complete the
work which the Revolution began;55 which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Sarah A.
Ward, widow of James H. Ward, deceased, late
of the United States Navy, praying for the pas-
sage of an act requiring the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to issue letters patent to her for an improve-
ment in gun carriages invented by her husband;
which was-referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was recommitted
the amendment of the House of Representatives to
the bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railway Company, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 200) providing for the education of col-
ored children in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 208) making a donation of
lands to the States of Wisconsin and Michigan to
aid them in making a military road and telegraph
line in said States, reported it with an amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordeiedto be
printed.
r ALEXANDER J. ATOCIIA.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Alexander J. Atocha,reported the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorial of Alexander J. Atocha. to-
gethet with all the document* and proofs material to the
adjudication of his claim against Mexico, disallowed by
the fomnH-i-.ioTKM^ under the trentv of'Guad:ilnpe Hidalgo,
he reiei red to the Court of Claims to take such action theie-
on a= may he deemed pioper.
REBEL BARBARITIES.
Mr. WADE. The joint committee on the con-
duct of the war, who were instructed by a reso-
lution of the Senate of tho 1st instant, to collect
the evidence and report as to the barbarities com-
mitted upon the bodies of the dead at Manassas,
&c., and also whether Indian savages have been
employed by the rebels in their military service
against the Government of the United States, ask
leave in part to report. I move that the reading
of the report be dispensed with, and that the usual
number of copies of the report, with the accom-
panying papers, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that an extra num-
ber, say fifty thousand copies, of the report, be
printed.
Tlu: PRESIDENT -pro tempore. That motion
will go to the Committee on Printing under the
rules.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
293) for the protection of soldiers in the military
service of the United States, and to suspend civil
proceedings against them in the United States
courts; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a hill (S. No. 294) for the better organiza-
tion of the Adjutant'Gencrars department; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Militat y Atfairs and the Mihua, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 295) to amend an act entitled "An act to
' found a military asylum for the relief and support
| of invalid and disabled soldiois of the Army ut
i the United States," approved 3d of March, It'ol:
! winch was tead twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Allans and the
Miuua. FR0M TIIE house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 124)
relating to highways in the county of Washing-
ton, and District of Columbia, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Themessagefurtherannounced that theSpeaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 406) for the relief of Francis Huttmann.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up the bill
of the House of Representatives, called the home-
stead bill, it passed the House of Representatives
some time ago, and I think we ought to take it up
and act on it during the morning hour.
Mr. SUMNER. I think so, too.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 125) to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain, and to provide a bounty for
soldiers m lieu of grants of public lands, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WADE. I am very anxious to bring this
bill to a conclusion and pass it through; but I am
informed that the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] who is now absent, takes an interest in the
bill, and is very desirous to be here when we act
upon it. This is the same bill that I believe has
passed both branches once or twice, and is very
well understood by all the Senators who have been
in the Senate for some four or five years past. It
hardly needs any explanation, in my opinion; but
I understand that the Senator from Iowa has
amendments which he wishes to propose. It
would not be right to press it to a conclusion in
his absence; and therefore, unless some other Sen-
ator wishes now to offer amendments to be con-
sidered hereafter, I suggest that the bill be post-
poned. I do not know what time to fix for its
consideration, but I want it postponed until the
Senator from Iowa comes in, and I hardly know
when that will be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be post-
poned until to-morrow, and then it can come up
on motion at any time.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. CARLILE. Before that motion is put, 1
desire to offer an amendment by way of substi-
tute for the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
pending amendments reported by the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CARLILE. My amendment can be sub-
mitted and printed, I suppose, as an intended
substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ceived with the suggestion that it is to be offered
when it shall be in order to do so. The question
is on the motion to print the amendment submit-
ted by the Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio that he fix this bill as a special
order for Monday next. The Senator from Iowa
to whom he refers will no doubt be in the Senate
at that time, and if it is fixed for a given day we
can take it up and dispose of it.
Mr. WADE. I am not much in favor of spe-
cial orders*. I would rather run the risk of taking
the bill up on motion. I give notice now that
when the Senator from Iowa comes in I shall press
it on the consideiation of the Senate whenever I
see an opportunity, and I expect that the friends
of the bill will act with mc.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Iowa is expected here to-morrow. For
my own part I take some interest m this bill, and
being on the Committee on Public Lands with the
Senator from Iowa, I agreed with him that it
should be taken up as soon as he returned. 1 sup-
pose he will be here to-morrow. He is expected
then.
Mr. WADE. Very well; my motion leaves the
bill in a position where we can take it up at any
time. My motion is that it be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ARRESTS IX KENTUCKY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The business
next in order is the unfinished business of the
morning hour of yesterday, which is a resolution
