352
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 20,
87th Cose.... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
company, in such sum as the said directors may
require, for the faithful,discharge of liis trust.' In
case of a vacancy in the board of directorsby the
death, resignation, or otherwise, of any director,
~ the* vacancy occasioned thereby shall be filled by
the remaining directors.
Sec. 15. Jind be it further enacted, That the di-
rectors shall have full power to make and prescribe
- such by-laws, rules, and regulations, as they shall
deem needful and proper touching the disposition
and management of the stock, property, estate,
and effects of the company, not contrary to the
charter, or to the laws of the United States, and
the ordinances of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown.
Sec. 16. Jind be it farther enacted, That there
shall bo an annual meeting of the stockholders for
choice of directors, to be holden at such time and
place, under such conditions, and upon such no-
tice, as the said company in their by-laws may
prescribe; and said directors shall annually make
a report in writing of their doings to the stock'
holders and to Congress.
Sec. 17. Jind be it farther enacted, That the
Mayor, Common Council,and the several officers
of the Corporations of the cities of Georgetown1
or Washington, and the said Corporations are
hereby prohibited from doing any act or thing to
hinder, delay, or obstruct the construction or
operation of said railroad, as herein authorized.
Sec. 18. Jind be it further enacted, That the said
company shall have at all times the free and unin-
terrupted use of their road-way, and if any per-
son or persons shall willfully and unnecessarily
obstruct or impede the passage on or over said
railway, or any part thereof, or shall injure or de-
stroy the cars, depot stations, or any property
belonging to said railway company, the person or
persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every
such offense the sum of five dollars to said com-
pany, and shall remain liable, in addition to said
penalty, for any loss or damage occasioned by his,
her, or their act, as aforesaid; but no suit shall be
broughtuiflesscommenced within sixty daysaft^r
such offense shall have been committed.
Sec. 19. Jiiul be it further enacted, That unless
said corporation shall make and complete their
said railways between the Capitol and George-
town within sixty working days from and after
the company shall have been organized, and from
the Capitol to the Navy-Yard within sixty days
thereafter, and on said Seventh street, and from
said Boundary street, on Fourteenth street, to
the point of intersection as aforesaid, within six
• months from theapproval ofthisact, then thisact
shall be null and void and no rights whatsoever
shall be acquiied under it.
Sec. 20. Jind be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts heretofore passed, which are in-
consistent with any of the provisions of this act,
are, for the purposes of this act, hereby repealed,
so far as the same are inconsistent herewith.
Approved, May 17,1862.
Chap.LXXV.—An Act to secure Homesteads to
Actual Settlers on the Public Domain.
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, That any person who is the head of a
family, or who has arrived at the age of twenty-
one years, and is a citizen of the United States,
or who shall have filed his declaration of intention
to become such, as required by the naturalization
laws of the United States, and who has never borne
arms against the United States Government or
given aid and comfort to its enemies, shall, from
and after the first January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, be entitled to enter one quarter sec-
tion or a less quantity of unappropriated public
lands, upon which said person may have filed a
preemption claim, or which may, at the time the
application is made, be subject to preemption at
one dollar and twenty-five cents, or less, per acre;
or eighty acres or less of stkh unappropriated
lands, at two dollars and fifty cents per acre, to
be located in a body, in conformity to the legal
subdivisions ofthe publiclands, amlafterthe same
shall have been surveyed: Provided, That any
person owning ao'd residing on land may, under
the. provisions of this act, enter other land lying
contiguous to his or her said land, which shall
not, with the land so already owned and occupied,
exceed in the aggregate one hundred and sixty
acres.
Sec. 2. Jind be.it further enacted, That the per-
son applyingfor the benefit of this act shall, upon
application to the register of the land office in
which he or she is about to make such entry, make
affidavit before the said register or receiver that
he or she is the head of a family, or is twenty-one
years or more of age, or shall have performed ser-
vice in the Army or Navy of the United States,
and. that he has-never borne arms against the Gov-
ernment ofthe United States or given aid and com-
fort to its enemies, and that such-application is
made for his or her exclusive use and benefit, and
that said entry is made for the purpose of actual
settlement and cultivation, and not either directly
or indirectly for the mse or benefit of any other
person or persons whomsoever; and upon filing
the said affidavit with the register or receiver, and
on payment of ten dollars, he or she shall there-
upon be permitted to enter the quantity of land
specified: Provided, however, That no certificate
shall be given or patent issued therefor until the
expiration of five years from the date of such en-
try, and if, at the expiration of such time, or at
any time within two years thereafter, the person
making such entry, or, if he be dead, his widow;
or in caseof her death,his heirs or devisee; or in
case of a widow making such entry, her heirs or
devisee, in case of her death; shall prove by two
credible witnesses that he, she, or they have re-
sided upon o  cultivated the same for the term of
five years immediately succeeding the time of fil-
ing the affidavit aforesaid, and shall make affidavit
that no part of said land has been alienated, and
that he has borne true allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States; then, in such case, he,
she, or they, if at that time a citizen of the United
States, shall be entitled to a patent, as in other
cases provided for bylaw: And provided further,
Thatin case ofthe death ofboth father and mother,
leaving an infantchild,orchildren, under twenty-
one years of age, the rigfht and fee shall enure to
the benefit of said infant child or children; and the
executor, administrator, or guardian may, at any
time within two years after the death of the sur-
viving parent, and in accordance with the laws of
the State in which such children for the time being
have their domicil, sell said land for the benefit of
said infants, but for no other purpose; and the
purchaser shall acquire the absolute title by the
purchase, and be entitled to a patent from the Uni-
ted States, on payment of the office fees and sum
of money herein specified. •
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the regis-
ter of the land office shall note all such applica-
tions on the tract-books and plats of his office,
and keep a register of all such entries, and make
return thereof to the General Land Office, together
with the proof upon which they have been founded.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That no lands
acquired under the provisions of this act shall in
any event become liable to the satisfaction of any
debt or debts contracted prior to the issuing of
the patent therefor.
Sec . 5. Jind be it farther enacted, That if, at any
time after the filing of the affidavit, as required in
the second section of this act, and befme the ex-
piration of the five years aforesaid, it shall be
proven, after due notice to the settler, to the sat-
isfaction of the register of the land office, that the
person having filed such affidavit shall have actu-
ally changed his or her residence, or abandoned
the said land for more than six months at any
time, then and in that event the land so entered
shall revert to the Government.
Sec. 6. And be U further enacted, That no indi-
vidual shall be permitted to acquire title to more
than one quarter section under the provisions of
this act; and that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is hereby required to prepare and
issue such rules and regulations, consistent with
this act, as shall be necessary and proper to carry
its provisions into effect; and that the registers
and receivers of the several land offices shall be
entitled to receive the same compensation for any
lands entered under the provisions of this act that
they are now entitled to receive when the same
quantity of land is entered with money, one half
to be paid by the person making the application
at the time of so doing, and the other half.oii the
issue of the certificate by the person to whom it
may be issued; but this shall not be construed to
enlarge the maximum of compensation now pre-
scribed by law for any register or receiver: Pro-
vided, That nothing contained in this act shall be
so construed as to impair orinterfere in any man •
ner whatever with existing preemption rights:
Jind. provided farther, That all persons who may
have filed their applications for a preemption right
prior to the passage of this act, shall be entitled
to all privileges of this act: Provided further,
That no person who has served, or may hereafter
serve, for a period of not less than fourteen days
in the Army or-Navy of the United States, either
regular or volunteer, underthe laws thereof, dur-
ing the existence of an actual war, domestic or
foreign, shall be deprived of the benefits of this
act on account of not having attained the age of
twenty-one years.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the fifth
section of the act entitled "An act in addition to an
act more effectually to provide for the punishment
of certain crimes against the United States, and
for other purposes, "approved the third of March,
in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, shall
extend to all oaths, affirmations, and affidavits,
required or authorized by this act.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to prevent any
person who has availed him or herself of the bene-
fits of the first section of this act from paying the
minimum price, or the price to which the same
may have graduated, for the quantity of l§nd so
entered at any time before the expiration of the
five years, and obtaining a patent therefor from
the Government, as in other cases provided by
law, on making proof of settlement and cultiva-
tion as provided by existing laws granting pre-
emption rights.
Approved, May 20, 1862.
Chap. LXXVI.—An Act making Appropriations
to reimburse the Contingent Fund of the Office
of the Secretary of the Treasury, including
Compensation of additional Clerks who may
be employed according to the exigencies of the
public service, and for temporary Clerks, for
the current fiscal year and for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and to provide for the employment of
additional Clerks in the Office of the Assistant
Treasurer at St. Louis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the purposes hereafter expressed, viz:
To reimburse the contingent fund of the office
of the Secretary of the Treasury, for additional
clerks authorized by the act of July twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and for
temporary clerks in the Treasury Department for
the year ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, fifty thousand six hundred and
fifty dollars.
For temporary clefks in the Treasury Depart-
ment for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, one hundred and three
thousand dollars: Provided, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
in his discretion to classify the temporary clerks
so authorized according to the character of their
services, or assign to such of them as he shall see
fit any compensation not exceeding that of clerks
of the first class.
For the necessary furniture, stationery, and
labor consequent upon the increased clerical force,
seven thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That from and
after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, there shall be employed in the
office of the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis a
chief clerk and teller with an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars, and one assistant clerk
with an annual salary of twelve hundred dollars;
and the sum of three thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay the salaries of
said chief clcrk and assistant clerk for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
