1S72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30.
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
concerning the arrest of certain persons in the
State of Kentucky, upon which the Senator from
Kentucky was addressing the Senate when the
further consideration of the resolution was inter-
rupted by fhe special order of the day. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner], as a
substitute for the original resolution, and upon
that the Senator from Kentucky is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask for the reading of
the resolution and of the substitute proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Secretary read the original resolution, as
follows;
ResolveJ, That the Secretary of State be, and he Is here-
by directed to inform the Seriate how many residents or
citizens of the State of Kentucky have been arrested or re-
moved from said State by his order 01 direction, and con-
fined or imprisoned outside ot the limits of said State,
since the 1st of September last; that he state the names of
the persons airested, and the camps, foils, or puson* wheie
they are or were confined; how long they and. each of them
have been imprisoned and that he give the number and
names of the petsons so arrested and imprisoned who have
been released, and the names of the pcr&ons so airested
who are still confined, and the place or places wbeie they
are imprisoned; and that he report to the Senate the names
of a|l tue citizen* of Kentucky tiiat have been imprisoned
by liis orders.
The amendment of Mr. Sumner is to strike out
all after the word "resolved," and to insert the
following:
That the President of the United States be requested to
communicate to tiie Senate, if in his opinion not incom-
patible with the pubJic interests,any information in his pos-
sesion touching the zirres-t of persons in Kentucky since the
1st of September, 1861, and their imprisonment beyond the
limits of that State.
_ Mr. POWELL. 1 had hoped that this resolu-
tion would bo passed without any debate, and I
have not been more surprised since I have had the
honor of being a member of this body than I was
when opposition was made to it. The Senator
from Massachusetts offers as a substitute a prop-
osition asking of the President of the United
States, if not incompatible with the public interest,
information touching those persons who may have
been taken from the State of Kentucky and im-
prisoned without the State. The Senator asserts
that it might be incompatible with the public in-
terest to direct the Secretary of State to furnish
thft information inquired. The substitute pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts does not
and will not, ifanswered by the President, furnish
the information sought. It is general and vague
in its terms, and I have no doubt myself that the
intent and object of it is to avoid the inquiry that
I make being lesponded to directly by the party
who has been engaged in making these unlawful
arrests. It cannot be incompatible with the pub-
lic interests to direct the Secretary of State to give
the names of the persons he has unlawfully im-
prisoned, and who may now be held unlawfully
by his order. It cannot be incompatible with the
interests of a free people to demand of a public
officer the names of the persons he has caused to
be arrested without warrant, without cause, and
the names of those whom he has kept in prison
for months without charge, and then discharged
them, not by virtue of the law, but by his own
arbitrary will and dictum. It is utterly lmpossible
that it could be incompatible with the interests of.
any free people thus to inquire and make known
to the Senate and to the country such usurpations
of power by any officer of the Government. The
people have secured to them by the Constitution
certain rights, and among them is the right that
they shall be free from unreasonable searches and
seizures. I will read one or two clauses of the
Constitution; I read from the amendments to the
Constitution:
" Art. -1. The light of the people to be f-ecuie m then
persons, houses, papers and effects against umeavuiable
searches and semiius. bh.ill not hi* violated; and tio wai-
rants shall issue but upon piobable cause, suppoited bj oath
or affirmation, and partictilaily dcseiibing the place to be
bcatelied, and the per.-on^ or tinnes to be seized.
'• Art. 5 No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a piesentinent or
indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising m the
J.md or naval forces, m nt the militia when in actual ser-
vice, in time of war or public dangei; rior thall any poison 1
be subject, lor the same often^e. to be twice put m jeopaidv -
ofltle or limb; nor be compelled manycrimmal ca->e to be
a witness ajrairnt liiia^eil; noi be depuved of life, hboitv,
or pioperty without due placets of law; nor shall private
pioperty betaken lor public use without jnstcompensatioH.
-'Aur. G. In all euniinal piobecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial '
jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have
been committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be infoimed of the nature and
cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses
against him ; to have compulsory process for obtaining wit-
nesses m his favor; and to have the assistance of counsel
for Ins defense."
From the provisions of the Constitution that I
have read, it must be apparent to every Senator
that the Secretary of State, in proceeding to arrest
citizens in any State of this Union, has violated
the Constitution of the United States. There is
no law authorizing the Secretary of State to make
any arrest, so far as I am advised; and were you
to make such a law, the law you made conferring
such power would be null and void, because in
dircct violation of the Constitution. What au-
thority is there in the head of the State Depart-
ment to exercise judicial functions? The officers
of the judiciary department are those charged
with issuing warrants; the marshals are the per-
sons to execute the warrants and make arrests in
obedience to lawful authority. The Secretary of
State accuses, he arrests, and through his agents
he confines in prison whom he chooses. Does he
do it by authority of law? No, sir. The Con-
stitution says that no arrest shall be made except
upon warrant, and that \xpon probable cause. The
Secretary of State has caused thesearrests without
warrant and without charge. Many of those
arrested have protested their innocence, and de-
manded the charges against them. No charges
were made. Many were released after months of
confinement, and others still languish in prisons,
not knowing the cause of their arrest or impris-
onment.
The Constitution further says that no man shall
be tried in a criminal case exccpt after indictment
by a grand jury. The Constitution declares that
he shall be entitled to a speedy trial in the district
where he commits the offense. All these provis-
ions are violated by an officer of this Government
who has no authority to issue warrants; who has
no authority to confine persons for any cause
whatever; who usurps the functions pertaining to
another body of magistracy; and when he has as-
sumed to exercise that power, he does it in a man-
ner unknown to your laws, and in palpable viola-
tion of the Constitution of your country. When
I ask him to give the names of the persons that
ho has arrested, and carried beyond the limits of
their State, in violation of law, when I simply ask
their names, and where they arc confined, and
how long they have been confined, and the names
of such as have been released, and of such as arc
still retained in prison,it is objected that lie shall
not give the information, because it will be incom-
patible with the public interest! It would bo in-
compatible with the public interest of every well
regulated Government of a free people if an offi-
cer of the Government were thus permitted to
violate the Constitution without receiving the
sternest rebuke that the representatives of the
people could give him.
What power has Mr. Seward, the Secretary of
State, to arrest citizens of Kentucky, orany other
State, and have them, in violation of the Consti-
tution, transferred to distant prisons and there
kept without law—not only himself violating the
Constitution of his country, which he swears, I
suppose, to support, but trampling under foot the
most sacred constitutional rights of the citizens
thus arrested ? The Secretary of State has no more
authority to do this than the humblest citizen in
the land. I fear it is not because of any tender-
ness of the public interest that the Senator from
Massachusetts makes this objection. I am of the
opinion—1 hope I am mistaken—that the sole ob-
ject is to screen the Secretary of State, a delin-
quent and usurping official, for exercising powers
not conferred on him by law, and who, being
clothed with " a little brief authoiity," uses it to
oppress the eitizcns of the country in violation of
their constitutional rights. If the Secretary of
State has done right in this matter, let him give
the information I ask. He can accompany it with
the reasons why he has made these arrests, if any
he has. If he has actcd in this way for the pur-
pose of promoting the best interests of the coun-
try, if his motives have been patriotic, let him
state his reasons, and let the country see what they
are. But that is not the object. The Secretary
of State has, in uttei violation of the Constitution
of the country and of the constitutional rights of
the citizens, exercised this tyrannical and oppres-
sive power to a most alarming extent, and his
friends want to shield him from the odium and
just indignation that a free people will visit upon
him if the magnitude of his offendings are made
manifest. I want the country to sec the long cat'
alogue of names—for in my judgment it will be a
long and fearful one—that this man has unlaw-
fully deprived of their liberty.
The Senator from Massachusetts seems to think
there is a kind of necessity arisingin consequence
of the peculiar circumstances by which we are
surrounded at this time. Allow me to tell that
Senator that there never was any necessity for
any such acts as this Secretary of State has been
guilty of in the State of Kentucky. Our courts
have always been open in Kentucky, and at the
very time that a large portion of the arrests were
made we had two United States judges there about
whose loyalty there was no question. A distin-
guished ex-Governor of that State was taken from
under the very nose of Judge Catron. The judge
issued his writ of habeas corpus when he neard
that Governor More head had been seized, but the
cruel tyrants hurried him across the Ohio river be-
fore the process could beserved. Nobody doubts
Judge Catron's loyalty. lie was there; his court
was open. We have another judge there who has
been in the exercise of the office of district judge of
•the United States, Mr. Ballard, a Republican, ap-
pointed by Mr. Lincoln, and I will do Mr. Bal-
lard the justice to say that I believe he is a very
competent and a very correct judge. He was
there with his court always open; and yet our cit-
izens were seized without charge or warrant, and
hurried to northern bastiles^ where some of them
languished for four, five, six, or seven months,
and seized, too, as we have understood, by the
order of this Secretary of State. What causc was
there for it? If those parties had been guilty of
any offense, I do not wish to screen them; issue
your warrant, bring them before the courts. The
courts have always been open in Kentucky and
presided over duting the entire time by Judge
Catron, and during nearly the whole time in which
these arrests were made by Judge Ballard, and
nobody questions the loyalty of either of those
judges. These men, if they had committed any
offense, should have been arrested upon Warrant,
they should have been taken before the courts,
they should have been tried, and if found guilty
of any offense they should have been punished;
but that was not done.
The Secretary of State chose to think other-
wise, and he has hurried them off, and they lan-
guish perhaps some of them now in prison. I
want to know the number; I want to know how
long he has retained them, when he discharged
those that have been discharged, and the places
of confinement of the others. We know that in
tyrannical times in other countries persons have
been seized and thrown into prisons and lain there
for years until they were almost forgotten; and I
know that some of the most humble men in Ken-
tucky have been arrested in this way. I have
received letters from them, and I feel that I have
been somewhat delinquent in my duty in not
pressing this matter before. The reason 1 did not
do it was because the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] about the time I received the first
lettei, introduced a resolution making geneial in-
quiry into these matters, and I thought that would
be acted upon; but I found, to my regret, that that
was to sleep in death in the Judiciary Commit-
tee. Still receiving these letters, I knew it was
my duty to make the appeal directly to the Sen-
ate to get this information; and after I get the in-
formation,! shall then want some other proceed-
ings touching the usurpations of the Secretary of
State.
It seems, however, that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts desires to put the Secretary of State
under the shield of the President. He says he
did it by order of the President. If he did, he
can state so in his response. 1 am slow to be-
lieve that he did it in obedience to the order of the
President, for the President of the United States
is bound to support the Constitution as much as
you or I, Mr. President. He solemnly swore on
the 4th of March of the last year in the front of
this Capitol that he would observe it, that he would
protect it, that he would support it; and if the Sec-
retary acted in obedience to his order, he has been
faithless to his constitutional obligations; but I
will not charge the President with any such thing
