1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35 
Laws of the Unite$ States.
37th Cons.... 2d Sess.
sixty-three: Provided, That the clerks hereby au-
thorized are to be in the place of all other clerical
force now authorized by law for said office.
Approved, May 20, 1862.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act to provide for the pub-
lic Instruction of Youth in Primary Schools
throughout the County of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, without the limits of the
Cities of Washington and Georgetown.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Atnericain Congress
assembled, That the levy court of the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, at their
first meeting after the passage of this act, shall
appoint seven intelligent inhabitants of the said
county, who shall reside without the limits of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, two of
whom shall be residents of that portion of the
said county lying and being west of Rock Creek,
three between Rock Creek and the Eastern Branch,
and two east and south of the Eastern Branch,
to be Commissioners of Primary Schools for said
county, which said commissioners shall hold their
offices until the second Monday in May, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three,
and until others are appointed in their places;
and in case any of the said commissioners thus,
appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid shall
refuse to serve, or die, or remove from the county,
or become incapable of serving, the vacancy or
vacancies shall be filled by the levy court as
soon as practicable.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That each of
the said commissioners, before he enters upon the
execution of his office, and within fifteen days
after notification of his appointment by the said
levy court, shall take and subscribe an oath be-
fore some justice of the peace of the said county,
in form following, that is to say: " I, ,
do solemnly and sincerely promise and swear
(or affirm, as the case may be) that I will in all
things, to the best of my knowledge and ability,
well and truly execute the trust reposed in me as
commissioner of primary schools for the county,
without favor or partiality;" and every justice of
the peace before whom such oath shall be taken
shall, without fee or reward, certify the same in
writing, and, within eight days thereafter, trans-
mit orueliver said "certificate to the clerk of the
levy court for record.
Sec.3. Andbe it further enacted, That itshall be
the duty of the commissioners of primary schools,
or a majority of them, to divide the county into
seven suitable and convenient school districts, two
of which shall be located westof Rock Creek, three
between Rock Creek and the Eastern Branch, and
two east and south of the Eastern Branch, and to
alter and regulate the same as hereinafter provided.
And it shall be the further duty of the commis-
sioners of primary schools aforesaid, immediately
after the formation or alteration of any such school
districts in said county, to describe and number
the same, and deliver the description and number
thereof, in writing, to the clerk of the levy court,
who is hereby required to receive and record the
same in the records of that court without fee or
reward: And provided, That in laying off said
school districts, or m altering the same.no tracts,
or parts of tracts, of land lying contiguous and
forming one farm, shall be divided so that por-
tions of the same property shall be included in
two separate districts.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners may alter atid change the school
districts with a view to their better arrangement
and the more general convenience of the people:
Provided, however, That unless the trustees of the
districts so to be altered or changed shall assent
thereto, no such alteration or change shall bemade.
six. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duly of the county collector to notify the
d life rent officers to be appointed, in virtue of the
pro visions of this act, of their appointments within
ten days after his having received notice of such
appointments from the appointing power, whose
duty it shall be to give such notice to the county
collector aforesaid.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the said
commissioners shall hold two stated meetings in
each year, which meetings shall be held at such
New Series—No. 23.
place and at such times as shall be determined on
by said commissioners, and of which they shall
give public notice in each of said school districts,
and such other meetings as circumstances may
from time to time require; but if less than three
members attend any meeting no business shall be
transacted thereat, except that of adjourning to
some time and place to be agreed on by the com-
missioners present, and at all meetings of said
commissioners the treasurer of the school fund of
the county hereinafter to be appointed shall at-
tend and lay before them his books and accounts
for their inspection and examination.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners shall cause to be kept a regular
record of all their act3 and proceedings in a book
to be kept for that purpose, and said record, or a
copy thereof, certified to be correct under thehands
and seals of a majority of said board of commis-
sioners shall be considered evidence of their acts
and proceedings in all judicial proceedings. And
the board of commissioners aforesaid shall have
power to appoint a clerk, proscribe his duties, and
pay him a salary, and also to allow the treasurer
of the school fund, hereinafter to be appointed, an
annual compensation for his services out of the
general school fund, hereinafter to be provided:
Provided, That neither the said clerk nor treas-
urer shall be paid more than one hundred dollars
per annum.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That on the
second Monday m May, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and annually thereafter, the
said levy court shall appoint one of said board
of commissioners from each primary school dis-
trict; and the said commissioners appointed as
aforesaid shall, each acting in his respective dis-
trict, examine all persons who shall offer them-
selves as candidates for teaching in such district;
and in such examination it shall be the duty of
the commissioners aforesaid to inquire, and, so
far as he shall be enabled thereto, to ascertain and
inform himself as to all the qualifications men-
tioned and contained in the certificate hereinafter
specified and given in form; and if he shall be sat-
isfied as to the sufficiency of such qualifications
he shall certify in writing, under his hand, and
deliver such certificate to the person so examined
by him as aforesaid in form and substance follow-
ing, viz: " I, the undersigned, resident ^commis-
sioner of primary schools of district No. , do
certify that I have examined , and do be-
lieve he (or she, as the case may be) is of a good
moral character, and of sufficient learning and
ability, and in all other respects well qualified to
teach a primary school. Given under my hand the
day of , in the yearof ourLord one
thousand eight hundred and -
Commissionerof primary school district No. —
and dismiss any intemperate, cruel, negligent, or
immoral teachers, and cause to be put up in every
school-house such general system of rules and
regulations as may be adopted by the board of com-
missioners, which boaid slmll also direct what
books shall bo used, and what branches shall be
taught; and the resident commissioners aforesaid
shall visit the schools in each of their respective
districts at least twice a year, exercise a geneial
supervision, and endeavor to promote a full, equal,
and useful instruction of the youth of said county.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any school district shall be formed by the
commissioners of primary schools as aforesaid it
shall be the duty of the said commissioners, within
twenty duys thereafter, to make a notice in wilting
describing the metes and bounds of such district,
and appoint a time and place for the first district
meeting, and notify the taxable white inhabitants
residing in such district as aforesaid, by public
advertisements to be put up at the most public
places of the said district, at least six days before
the time of such meeting; and in case such notice
shall not be given-as aforesaid, or the inhabitants
of such district when so notified shall neglect or
refuse to assemble or form a district meeting in
pursuance of such notice, or in case any district,
having been formed or organized in pursuance of
such notice, shall, in the opinion of the commis-
sioners aforesaid, be dissolved by adjournment
without day, or from any other cause whatever,
it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners
aforesaid, or any one of them, at any time there-
after, to renew such notice, and the white inhab-
itants of such district liable to pay taxes as afore-
said shall assemble together, in pursuance of such
notice, and when so assembled in district meeting
it shall and maybe lawful for them, or a majority
of such of them as shall be present at such district
meeting, to adjourn to any other time or place;
and at such first or any futureJegal district meet-
ing it shall and may be lawful for them, or a ma-
jority of them as shall be present as aforesaid, to
adjourn from time to time as occasion may re-
quire, to fix on a time and place for holding their
future annual meetings, which annual meetings
they are hereby authorized and required to hold;
to choose by ballot three trustees to manage the
concerns of such school district, and one district
collector; also to designate a suitable and central
site for a school-house; to vote a tax on the prop-
erty in such school district owned by white per-
sons, sufficient, in addition to the proportion of
the school fund (hereinafter to be provided for)
allotted to such school district, to purchase, lease,
or rent a site for a school-house; to build, lease,
or rent and keep in repair said house; to supply
fuel, books, stationery, and furniture; to pay the
salary of a teacher, and all other necessary ex-
penses: Provided, however, That no location of a
school-house shall be fixed upon unless thesamo
be approved by a majority of the commissioners,
and no change shall be made after such school-
house shall have been built but by consent of a
majority of said commissioners; all the expenses
incurred by makingsuch change shall be defrayed
by donation or by levies authorized to be made
by a majority of the white citizens of such school
district upon the assessable property therein owned
by white persons.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the clerk
of the levy court sludl annually, without fee or re-
ward, make out for the trustees of primary school
districts, or such of them as shall apply for the
same, copies from the assessment books of said
county of all the assessable property in said dis-
trict or districts.
Sec. 11. And be itfurther enacted, That all meet-
ings of the school districts, held for the purpose
aforesaid, shall be oigatiized by appointing a pres-
ident and clerk pro tempore, who shall take min-
utes of the proceedings, specifying particularly
the amount of tax voted by said meetings, and
deliver the same, certified under their hands and
seals, within ten days after such meeting, to the
commissioners of primary schools, or any one of
them, to be delivered by them or him to the clerk
of the commissioners, and by him to be recorded
in a book kept for that purpose.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all tax
to be voted by the citizens of any and every school
district in said county, under and by virtue of this
act, shall be levied on all the assessable property
ill said district owned by white persons, agreeably
to theassessmentsof the last preceding county tax.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the levy court of the county afore-
said, at their first meeting after the passage of this
act, and in each succeeding yeai theieat'tcr, when
the annual county levy is made, to impose and
levy a school tax of one eighth of one per cent,
on all the assessable property of said county,
without the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, owned by white persons, tor the
support of primary schools hereby authorized in
said county, which tax shall be due at the same
time, and shall be collected by the county collector
in the same manner and under the same regula-
tions and restrictions as are proscribed by law
in relation to th" collection of other county taxes,
and which are hereby made applicable to the col-
lection of the school tax imposed by this act, and
when collected shall be paid to the treasurer of the
levy court, who is hereby constituted and ap-
pointed tieasuier of the primary school fund for
said county, and who shall qualify by making
oath or affirmation that he will well and faithiully
discltatgc the duties lequiied of hnn by law as
treasurer of the school fund for said county, and
not use the same to his own use or advantage,
and he shall also give bond to the United States,
with two good and sufficient sureties, conditioned
for the faithful discharge of tlfe duties required of
trim by this act, which bond, being approved by
' the commissioners of primary schools aforesaid,
