1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Vattel, a writer of caution, and of high author-
ity oirnational law, lays it down that—
"A State lias a right to everything that can secure it from
threatened danger, and to keep at a distance whatever is
capable of caushig'iu- ruin. A nation is obliged to preserve
itself, and the law of nature gives if the right to everything
without which it could not fulfill this obligation.
"The law of nations is originally no more than the law
of nature applied to nations. Wo call that the necessary
law of nations that consists in the application of the law
of nature to nations. It is necessary because nations are
absolutely obliged to observe it. The necessary law of na-
tions, being founded on the nature of things, is immutable.
Whence, as this law is immutable, and the obligations that
arise from it necessary and indispensable, nations can nei-
ther make any changes in it by their conventions, dispense
with it themselves, nor leciproeaJly with each other."
Again, Mr. Rawle, in his View of the Constitu-
tion, in speaking of our duty to maintain the
Union, says:
" In every aspect, therefore, which this great subject pre-
sents, we feel the deepest impression of a sacred obligation
to preserve the Union of our country; we feel our glory,
our safety, and our happiness involved in it; we unite the
interests of those who coldly calculate advantages with
those who glow with what is little short of filial affection,
and we mu?t resist the attempt of our own citizens to de-
stroy it with the same feelings that we should avert the
dagger of the parricide."
Slavery is the parricide that now aims at the
national life. We must bind the criminal in per-
petual bonds, if we would secure to the nation
safety and peace.
The right of a State to preserve itself is clearly
set forth by Vattel; nay, it is obliged so to do by
a necessary and paramount law. Every writer
of authority on the law of nations agrees with
Vattel touching the right of national self-defense.
The law is consonant with reason and justice
and the common sense of mankind, and needs no
citation of authorities to support it.
The law being established, the only questions
open for examination are, the nature of this Gov-
ernment, and the hostile character of the enemy
by which it is assailed. If we are a league of in-
dependent States, each having the right to with-
draw at pleasure, and for causes the sufficiency
of which each may judge, then the confederate
States are right in the independence they assume,
and the war on our part is a war of subjugation,
flagrant and unjust. Our right to carry on the
war can only be defended on the ground that we
are a nation, bound by the obligation to defend
our national existence.
What enemy puts our safety in peri]; assails with
war our unity and life ? All enlightened and impar-
tial men will give the same answer. Slavery is that
enemy—the deadly and persistent foe of the nation.
Slavery has organized for the overtlxrowof the Gov-
ernment the greatest rebellion in history, and with-
out cause, save its fear and hatred of republican in-
stitutions. The nation was prosperousand happy;
life and property were secure; we enjoyed a free-
dom given to no otherpeople, a prosperity full to
overflowing. Every blessing and every right was
ours. The Government was only felt in the pro-
tection it gave and in the blessings it confeired.
The armed revolt of the slaveholders against a
Government so just and beneficent is the most de-
testable crime on record. Slavery arms brother
against brother, and imbrues the nation in frater-
nal blood. It offers alliances with foreign despots
and consents to the establishment of monarchies
on our continent. Does any Senator on this side
of the Chamber doubt that slavery is the imme-
diate cause of our troubles? If not, then I claim
his support for such measures against slavery as
shall make it powerless for future mischief. I
demand indemnity for the past and security for
the future. The nation must never again pass
under the yoke of the slave power. Wc must
have no reconstruction reestablishing the domina-
tion of slavery. We shall deserve, and will re-
ceive, the scorn and execration of the civilized
world if we step back from the plain duty before
us. We must give the country lasting peace; we
must cripple forever the power of slavery, and
enfranchise the nation from its insolent rule. Sla-
very has made and unmade, built up and torn
down at pleasure. It has enforced upon the Gov-
ernment and country novel and unwarrantable
constructionsofthe Constitution by threats of dis-
union and blood.
It is an element of constantdisturbance and dan-
ger. Mr. Calhoun earlier saw and more clearly
comprehended than his cotemporaries the irrecon-
cilable antagonism between freedom and slavery.
Commodore Stewartis the witness that, as early as
1814, Mr. Calhoun becamc satisfied that the two
systems of society and labor could not both stand
under one Government; that slavery must go to
the wall, or a dissolution of the Union was inev-
itable. He devoted his life in giving strength to
slavery, and thus preparing for the conflict which
he saw must surely come. What Mr. Calhoun
saw in 1814 is now the philosophy and fixed be-
lief of the leaders of the South. This war on their
part is for the perpetuity of slavery, and this can
only be secured at the expense of individual and
national freedom.
The Constitution is continually pushed forward
in support of the inviolability of slavery. Sir, I
deny that the Constitution contains any special
guarantees in behalf of slavery. It provides for
the surrender of persons owing labor or service
escaping from one State into another to the per-
son to whom such labor or service is due. This
is as applicable to apprentices as to slaves; and,
at the time the Constitution was framed, embraced
a large number of emigrants known as redemp-
tioners. No one ever claimed that property m
"the service of an apprentice was specially placed
under national protection because of this provis-
ion. If, however, the Constitution were all that
slavery claims for it in this respect, the paramount
law of self-preservation is not the less obligatory
on the nation. Whatever we deem necessary, in
the exerciseof an honest and sound discretion, as
a means of preserving national existence, that we
have theauthorityofreason and oflawto do. This
doctrine is clearly recognized in the late special
message of the President to Congress recommend-
ing national aid to the liberating border States.
It is sound law, and has both reason and author-
ity in its support. Slavery is not only thfc cause,
but one of the great supports of the rebellion.
Slaves do much of the work of the rebel army—
throw up the intrcnchments and build the fortifi-
cations of the enemy. Their laboi, in a large de-
gree, furnishes the means of support to the armies
employed against us, and gives to the confederate
States the little credit they have either at home or
abroad. Yet slavery is the one thing we must not
disturb. We must not directly attack it, even
though the nation perish through our forbearance.
To no other interest do we accord this exemption
from the dangers and necessities of war.
Mr. President, I come now to consider the bill
as an act of confiscation. Here its provisions
are not as broad and sweeping as its opponents
represent. It is not a general act of confiscation
against the property of all rebels, but against the
property of such only as shall be beyond the reach
of judicial process. The bill is based on the prin-
ciple that if the rebel can be arrested, and punish-
ment inflicted upon him through the courts, his
property is not molested. But if he abandon his
property, and flee the country, or be withinvter-
ritory where the rebellion has overriden the au-
thority of the United States, the bill proposes, after
condemnation in court, or by military commis-
sioners when no courts can be held, to take and
sell his property, placing its proceeds in the na-
tional Treasury. I favor the amendment adopted
on Thursday last, of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] I desire to reach only the propeity
of the leaders of the rebellion. To the masses
of the southern people, who have been grossly
deceived, I would grant an amnesty, a full and
free pardon.
Three grounds of objection are made to this bill.
It is claimed to be in contravention of the law of
nations; violative of the Constitution of the United
States; and that its passage would be most im-
politic, driving our enemies to despeiation, and
sowing the seeds of bitter enmity for generations
to come.
I will consider, briefly, the objectionspresented.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson]
labored learnedly to make good the first ground
of objection. He cited authorities of weight and
respectability; but upon further examination he
will find, I think, the law settled against him, both
I on general authority and by the decision of our
own courts.
National law rests upon the law of nature, con-
ventional law, or treaties, and upon general cus-
toms which, by common consent, have the force
of law. Nations are bound by the natural law,
which is called the necessary law of nations. Of
this I considered m speaking of emancipation
under this bill. Itisof universal obligation, bind-
ing atall times and under all circumstances. Con-
ventional law rests upon conventions and treaties,
and of course binds those nations only that are
parties to them. General customs or usage have
the authority of law only by the consent of na-
tions, and each nation has the right to decide for
itself under what circumstances and to what ex-
tent it will submit to a custom or usage. This
must of necessity be so. The right is essential to
the freedom of nations. Vattel says:
"The natural society of nations cannot subsist, if the
rights feach have received from nature are not respected.
None would willingly renounce its hbeitv; it would lather
break off all connection with those that should attempt to
violate it. From this liberty and independence it follows
that every nation is to judge what its conscience demands;
of whatir can or cannot do; of what it is proper or improper
to be done. In all cases where a nation has the libetty of
judging what its dutv requires, another cannot oblige it to
any given action. For attempting this wouid be an injury
to the libeity of nations."
As an independent member of the common-
wealth of nations, we alone determine when and
how far we will be bound by the customary law.
Upon the hypothesis, then, that the measure be-
fore us is in conflict with international law, still
our right to enact it cannot be questioned.
Should we pass this bill, what power will an-
nul it within our jurisdiction, on the ground that
the law of nations is violated ? If national law ia
invaded nations must come to its support. Does
any Senator believe that the passage of this bill
would provoke towards us the hostility of nations?
Would the foreign ministers resident here, pro-
test on behalf of their respective Governments?
Sir, we know they would not, and for the best of
reasons: the biil does not impinge on the national
law. So much of the bill as is a measure of eman-
cipation would be hailed with joy throughout the
civilized world. For this we would receive the
plaudits instead of the censure of nations.
I have thus far considered the case on the hy-
pothesis that the biil is violative of national law,
and presented the ground that we are bound to
obedience by our consent alone. But the law ts
well settled m favor of our right to seize and con-
fiscate the property of an alien enemy in time of
war, and who, at the time of seizure, is engaged
in peaceful commerce. Thecaseisgreatly strength-
ened against a rebel in arms. The point was de-
cided in our Supreme Court, in the case of Brown
vs. The United States, (8Cranch, 110.) The points
raised for adjudication were:
1. May enemies' property found on land at the
commencement of hostilities be seized and con-
demned? And
2. IsanactofCongress,authorizingsuch seizure
and condemnation, necessary; or does the right
follow a declaration of war?
The opinion of the court was deliveied by Chief
Justice Marshall. On the first point, the court
says:
" Respecting the power of the Government, no doubt i3
entertained. That war gives the sovereign full right to take
the persons, and confiscate the piopei ry of the enemy where
ever found, is conceded. The mitigations of this mle,
which the humane and wise policy of modern times has
introduced into practice, will more or less affect the exer-
cise of this right, but cannot impair the light itself. That
reuuuii* undiminished, and when the sovereign nuthojity
«.hall choose to bring it into operation, the judicial depart-
ment must give effect to its will."
Kent, in commenting on this case, says:
(( However strong the cut rent of authority in favor of
the modern and milder constiucuon of the rule of national
law on this subject, the point ^eems to be no longer open
I'm dtacusfion m thi«. country. It has been definitely fet-
tled in fdvoi oftheuneientandsteineriulo.bytheSupieme
C'ouit of the Untied States. The effect of war on Butish
propeity, lound in the United States, on land, at the com-
mencement of the war, was learnedly discussed and thor-
oughly consideied. in the case of Brown ; and it was de-
cided as upon a settled rule of the law of nations, that the
good-* of an enemy found in the country, and the vessels
and cargoes found afloat in oui potts,at the commencement
of hostilities, are liable to seizure and confiscation ; and
the exeicise of the light .vested in the discretion of the
sovereign of the nation."
The right to seize and confiscate the property
of an alien enemy, wherever found within our
territory, is as cleaily established as the adjudi-
cations of our own courts can establish it. He
who is both a pxtblic enemy and a traitor surely
cannot claim to stand in a better position than an
alien enemy actually guilty of no offense. The
traitors of our country occupy a very different
position from that of lawful belligerents. It is
true that we accord to them many belligerent
rights, but we may properly treat them as trai-
