APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
3:7th Cong....2d
Laws oft the United States.
shall be filed with the clerk of the circuit court of
the Districto£ Columbia, who is hereby required
to file the same without fee or reward; and a copy
of the said bond, under seal of said court, shall be
sufficient evidence of the making thereof.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the trustees of each school district,
/whenever a'district meeting shall have voted a
sufficient tax for that purpose, to purchase a suit-
able site for their school-house, and to build, keep
in "repair, and furnish such school-house with
necessary fuel, books, stationery, and append-
ages; and it shall be the fui-ther duty of the trus-
tees aforesaid to agree with and employ all teach-
ers ,to be employed in such district: Provided,
That no teachers shall be employed by them who
shall not have received the.certificate of approba-
tion from the commissioners of primary schools
aforesaid, as hereinbefore provided; and it shall
be the further duty of the trustees to pay the sal-
aries of teachers out of the apportionment of the
school fund for their respective districts which
shall come into their hands through the commis-
sioners aforesaid, so far as the same shall be suf-
ficient for that purpose. :
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That before the
trustees of any school district shall enter upon the
duties of their office, they shall each take an oath
Or make affirmation before a justice of the peace
of said county, or one of the commissioners of
primary schools, who is hereby authorized to
administer the same, that he will well and truly
discharge the duties pertaining to his said office
of trustee, without prejudice or partiality, and
according to law; and it shall be the duty of the
said trustees of each of said school districts, or a
majority of them, to furnish, at the expiration of
their term of service, to the commissioners afore-
said, a correct statement of all money transactions
done by them in virtue of their office as trustees
of said primary school district.
Sec. 16. And be it farther enacted, That itshall
be the duty of the commissioners of primary
schools aforesaid to apportion all moneys which
shall come into the hands of the treasurer of the
school fund aforesaid, under and by virtue of the
provisions of this act; after paying the salaries of
the clerk of the commissioners and the treasurer
of the school fund, for the use of primary schools
aforesaid, as soon as may be after such moneys
shall be received by the said treasurer, equally
among t/ie several school districts in said county
Which shall have complied with the provisions of
this act; and all moneys so to be apportioned by
the commissioners, as aforesaid, shall be caused
to be paid by them, according to such apportion-
ment, to the trustees of the district to which such
moneys shall be apportioned as aforesaid, whose
receipts therefor shall bo good and sufficient evi-
dence of such payment, which moneys, so to be
received by the trustees, as aforesaid, shall be ap-
plied and expended by them, after the apportion-
ment for the first year, in paying the salaries of
the teachers to he employed by them, and for no
other purpose: Provided, That no moneys appor-
tioned, as afou said, cxcept the apportionment
made for the first year, shall be paid by the com-
missioners aforesaid, until (he white taxable in-
habitants, and the trustees of the district to which
such moneys shall be apportioned, as aforesaid,
shall have substantially complied with the pro-
visions of this act: And provided further, That it
shall not be lawful for the commissioners afore-
said to draw any moneys from the hands of the
treasurer of the school fund aforesaid, after pay-
ing the salaries of the clerk of the commissioners
and the treasurer of the school fund aforesaid,
except by draft in favor of the trustees of the
school district to which such moneys shall be ap-
portioned asaforesaid; and all moneys which shall
be apportioned by the commissioners as aforesaid,
and which shall remain unpaid for the space of
two years thereafter, either,from the omission or
neglect of the trustees of the primary school dis-
trict entitled to receive the same to apply therefor
and to make the necessary certificates to entitle
them to the same, or from any defect in such cer-
tificates, said moneys shall, after the expiration
of said term, be added to the moneys next there-
after to be apportioned by the said commission-
ers, and shall be apportioned and paid together
with such moneys as aforesaid.
Sec. 17. Andbe it farther enacted, That the trus-
tees of each school district shall hold their office
till their successors shall be elected and qualified,
and in case of vacancy such vacancy shall be filled
by the remaining trustees within one month; and
in case the said trustees shall fail to fill such va-
cancy within that time, then it shall be the duty
of the commissioners of primary schools as soon
as may be thereafter.
Sec. 18. And be it farther enacted, That if any
trustee of any primary school district shall make
a false certificate or report, by means whereof any
moneys shall be fraudulently obtained from the
commissioners aforesaid, such trustee signing
such certificate or report shall forfeit and pay
double the amount so fraudulently obtained to the
commissioners.of primary schools, to be recov-
ered, with costs of suit, by action of debt before
any court of justice, or any justice of the peace
having cognizance thereof, in the name of said
commissioners; and such sum, exclusive of the
cost of suit, shall be applied, when recovered, to
the use of the primary school in such district.
Sec. 19. And he it further enacted, That the said
trustees shall keep an accountof their proceedings
in a book kept for that purpose, and shall also
keep an account against the district collector for
the sums authorized to be collected, and for other
sums paid into his hands, and shall give him credit
for the sums legally paid by him, also for his legal
commissions, and for such taxes as cannot be col-
lected by legal steps and proper diligence; and
that said collector shall have the keeping of all
moneys collected by him, and other sums paid
into his hands, subject to the written order of a
majority of the trustees, drawn in favor of such
persons having claimsagainst said school district,
and he shall report to the trustees whenever re-
quired the amount of funds in his hands-and a full
statement of his accounts.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the trus-
tees-of any primary school district in said county
shall be, and they are hereby, authorized, in their
discretion, to require from any child attending
school the payment of any sum of money not ex-
ceeding one dollar a month, to be applied to the
payment of the expenses of said district school;
ana in the exercise of this power the trustees
aforesaid may, from time to time, discontinue the
payment thereof altogether, or may graduate the
payments according to the ability of the children
and the exigencies of the school.
Sec. 21. Andbe it further enacted, That itshall
be the duty of the trustees of each school district,
whenever a district meeting shall have voted a
district tax, as soon as may be, to make a rate
bill or tax list, which shall raise the sum voted
for, in due proportion on all the taxable property
in such district, agreeably to the assessment of the
last preceding county tax, and to annex to such
tax list or rate bill a warrant, and to deliver the
same to the collector of such district, which war-
rant shall be substantially as follows:
" County of Washington, D. C., ss:
To , collector of the district, in
the county aforesaid, greeting:
You are hereby required and commanded to
collect from each of the inhabitants of said district
the several sums of money written opposite to the
name of each of said inhabitants in the annexed
tax list,and within sixty days after receiving this
warrant to pay the amount of the moneys by you
collected to the order of the trustees of said dis-
trict or a majority of them; and if any one or more
of said inhabitants shall neglect or refuse to pay
the same, you are hereby fuither commanded to
levy on thegoods and chattels of each delinquent,
and make sale thereof according to law.
Given under our hands and seals this dav
[of] , A. D. . p, )
Q,, >Trustees."
R. 3
And if the sum or sums payable by any person
named in such tax list or rate bill shall not be paid
by liim or collected by virtue of said warrant
within the time therein limited, it shall be lawful
for the trustees aforesaid to renew such warrant
in respect to such delinquent person or persons.
Sec. 22. Andbe it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the trustees of each district to make
a report to the commissioners of primary schools
on or before the thirty-first day of December in
each year, in which report shall be stated the sums
received from different sources, the amount ex-
pended, and in what manner, the number of chil-
dren taught in said school, and the whole number
of white 'children in said district between the a°-es
of five and sixteen years.
Sec. 23. Andbe it further enacted, That the col-
lector of each school district shall give bond with
security, to the satisfaction of the trustees, for
the faithful discharge of the duties of his office,
and shall have the same power and authority, and
have the same fee for collecting, and be subject
to the same rules, regulations, and duties, with
respect to the collection of the district tax as by
law appertain to the office of collectorof the county
tax; and the said county collector may be eligible
as the school district collector.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That each
organized schooldistrict shall be acorporation by
the name of" Primary School District, No. —,"
(the blank to be filled with an appropriate number,)
with power to take and hold by devise, bequest,
and donation, real and personal estate for the use
of the primary school m said district, and may
alien and sell the same, when, in the opinion of
the trustees and resident commissioner of said
district, it will be for the interest and advantage of
the primary school in said district, and invest the
- money arising from the sale in some safe and profit-
able stock, and the dividends received from the
same apply to the use of such primary school,
and in their corporate name prosecute and main-
tain actions for injury done to the grounds, houses,
property, school-houses, appurtenances, and fur-
niture, and may sue for and receive all moneys
due them, or for real and personal property to
which they may be entitled.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That when
any land in any school district in said county
may become charged for the pay ment of any school
tax, and the collector of the tax can find no per-
sonal property in said district liable for or charge-
able with the payment of the same, the said col-
lector shall be, and is hereby, directed and re-
quired to return to the trustees of the said district,
at such time or times as the said trustees shall di-
rect or require, a list of such lands and the amount
of taxes thereon respectively due, and the names
of the persons respectively chargeable with the
payment of the same, and the said trustees shall
thereupon have and exercise, in relation to said
lands, all the powers which might or could be ex-
ercised by the levy court of said county in like
cases, and the collector of said school district shall
have the same powers and authority, and be sub-
ject to the same rules, regulations, and duties in
the premises as by law appertain to the office of
the collector of county taxes in like cases.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That in case
the trustees of any school district should not be
able to purchase or lease a suitable site for the
erection of their school-house, they shall have
power to value and assess a convenient lot, with
the improvements thereon, if any, not exceeding
one acre of land for that purpose, and the decis-
ion of the said trustees as to the worth of the
said land and improvements, if any, shall be final
and conclusive, unless an appeal shall be prose-
cuted as hereinafter provided, and the amount of
damage for the land and improvements, if any,
so valued and assessed as aforesaid, being paid
or offered to be paid to the person or persons en-
titled to receive the same, of which payment or
offer to pay a certificate, signed by a majority of
the said trustees, and leeotded among the land
records of Washington county, or a copy of such
record duly certified and sealed, shall be sufficient
evidence; the said trustees, m their corporate char-
acter, shall be thenceforward considered the law-
ful owners of the said land and improvements,
if any, and all right, title, estate, and interest
therein, at law or in equity, shall be vested in
them for the purpose aforesaid: Provided, hom-
elier, That if the owner or owners of the said land
and improvements, if any, his, her, or theii guar-
dian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall con-
ceive him, her, or themselves aggrieved by such
valuation and assessment, and shall, within thirty
days after the payment of the valuation so otiVred
as aforesaid, notify to the said trustees the same
in writing, it shall and may be lawful, and it shall
be the duty of the said trustees, or a majority of
