1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
Laws of the Unite$ States,
37th Gqng....2d Sess.
thorn, to issue their warrant to the Marshal of the
District of Columbia, commanding htm to sum-
mon a jury of six freeholders of the school dis-
trict, not interested in the matter, to appear, on a
day by the-said trustees to be appointed, on the
premises; and any one of the said tiustees, or any
justice of the peace of the said county, is author-
ized to administer ail oath or affirmation, as the
case may be, to each and every person so sum-
moned as aforesaid, that he will, without favor,
affection, partiality, or prejudice, assess the dam-
ages sustained by the person or persons at whose
request the said inquisition shall be taken, by rea-
son of his, her, or their land and improvements,
if any, about to be made as aforesaid, and the
persons so summoned and qualified as aforesaid
shall thereupon proceed to value and assess the
damages accordingly: Provided, That if such ap-
peal from the assessment and valuation of the
said trustees be confirmed by the jury herein di-
rected to be summoned and qualified as aforesaid,
or should the same bo reduced to a lower rate of
valuation and assessment by the said jury, the
party appealing in that case shall pay the whole
expense incurred thereby, otherwise the trustees,
in their corporate character as such, shall pay the
expense incurred by reason of such appeal.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the said
trustees or the said jury, as the case may be, im-
mediately after they shall have completed their
valuation and assessment or inquisition, as afore-
said, and done all things required of them, or either
of them,as the case may be, under theprovisions
of this act, shall make out a fair statement of their
proceedings, setting forth in the same a full and
distinct description of the land or real estate and
improvements, if any thereon, as valued by them'
or either of them, as the case may be, and all mat-
ters and things connected With the said valuation
and assessment,and the performance of the duties
requited of them by this act, and to the said copy,
fairly to bo written out as afoiesaid, they shall
subscribe their names and thereunto affix their
seals, and they shall deposit the same in the office
of the clerk of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia, and it shall be the duty of the said
clerk to preserve a record of the said proceedings
without fee or reward; and a copy of such record,
certified by the said clerk under the seal of the
said court, shall be evidence of all matters therein
stated, in the same manner as certified copies of
other records are evidence.
Sec. 2tf. And be it further enacted, That in the
event of an appeal and the inquisition of a jury,
as provided by this act, the amount of damages
for the land or real estate and improvements so
valued and assessed as aforesaid, being paid or
offered to be paid as aforesaid, the said trustees,
m their corporate character as aforesaid, shall
thenceforward forever thereafter be considered the
lawful owners of the said land and improvements
as aforesaid, and all right, title, interest, and es-
tate therein, at law or in equity, shall be vested
in the said trustees for the purpose aforesaid: Pro-
vided, That it shall not be lawful to locate the said
site in the orchard or garden, nor within three
hundred yards of any dwelling of any person or
persons whatever, without the assent of the pro-
prietor of such oichard, garden, or dwelling, as
the case may be. ■
Sec. 29. And be it farther enacted, That if any
tieasuicr or collector, having any school funds in
his hands, or neglecting or refusing to obtain such
funds as by law authorized and directed, shall re-
fuse to pay for two weeks any order of the said
commissioners or trustees, or a majority of either,
drawn in confoimity to the requisitions of this
act, such treasurer or collector shall be liable, on
proof thereof before any court of justice or jus-
tice of the peace having cognizance, and without
stay of execution, to pay the full amount of said
order and inteiest theieon, at the rase of twenty
per centum pel annum, from the first refusal
until the day of payment, by way of damages.
Sec. 30. And be it farther enacted, That if any
collector,appointed or acting under the provisions
of this act, shall in any case collect more than is
due, the person aggrieved shall have his remedy
against such collector by suit or warrant, and it
he recover he shall have judgment for double the
amount mipioperly and .unjustly extorted from
him, and costs.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That the levy
court of Washington county shall exercise a gen-
eral supervision over the proceedings of said com-
missioners, may examine their books and papers,
and shall prosecute for any delinquencies or vio-
lations of their duty; and the said commissioners
shall exercise the same power over the proceed-
ings, books, and papers of the trustees in the sev-
eral school districts, and shall prosecute for.all
violations of this act by them committed.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, Thatthe trus-
tees of the several school districts shall have the
power of exercising discipline in their respective
schools by the expulsion of the refractoiy pupil,
or such other punishment as may be necessary to
correct the evil, and carry out the great ends of
education, moral and intellectual; and they may
permit any of the said school-houses to be used
for public worship.
Sec. 33- And be it farther enacted, That any
white resident of said county shall be privileged
to place his or her child or ward at any one of the
schools in said county she or he may think proper
to select.
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for a member of the levy court of
said County to be a commissioner of primary
schools, or trustee of any of the school districts,
nor for any person to be at the same time com-
missioner and trustee as aforesaid.
Sec. 35. Andbe it further enacted, That the said
levy court may, in its discretion, and if it shall
be deemed by said court best for the interest and
welfare of the colored people residing in said
county, levy an annual tax of one eighth of one
percent, on all the taxable property in said county
outside the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, owned by persons of color, for the
purpose of initiating a system of education of col-
ored children m said county, which tax shall be
collected in the same manner as the tax named in
section thirteen of this act. And it shall be the
duty of the trustees elected under section nine to
provide suitable and convenient rooms for hold-
ing schools for colored children, to employ teach-
ers therefor, and to appropriate the proceeds of
said tax to the payment of teachers' wages, rent
of school-rooms, fuel, and other necessary ex-
penses pertaining to said schools, to exercise a
general supervision over them, to establish proper
discipline, and to endeavor to promoteafull,equal,
and useful instruction of the colored children in
said county. It shall be lawful for such trustees
to impose a tax of not more than fifty cents per
month on the parent or guardian of each child at-
tending such schools, to he applied to the payment
of the expenses of the school of which such child
shall be an attendant; and in the exercise of this
power the trustees may, from time to time, dis-
continue the payment altogether, or may gradu-
ate the tax according to the ability of the child
and the wants of the school. And said trustees
are authorized to receive any donations or contri-
butions that may be made for the benefit of said
school? by persons disposed to aid in the elevation
of the colored population m the District of Colum-
bia, and to apply the same m such manner as in
their opinion shall be best calculated to effect the
object of the donors, said trustees being required
to account for all funds received by them, and to
report to the commissioners, in accordance with
the provisions of section twenty-two of this act.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That this act
be, and the same is hereby, declared public and
remedial, and shall be construed by all courts of
justice according to the equity thereof; and no
proceeding of the inhabitants or of the trustees
of any school district, or of the commissioners
of primary schools, or any other ollicer created
under the provisions of this act, shall be sot aside
or adjudged to be void for defect of form, or for
any irregulauty therein, so as the lequUnions of
the said act are substantially complied with.
Ai'i-noyi;d, May 20, W62.
Ciiai'. LXXV1U.—-An Act prescribing the Qual-
ification of Electors m the Cities of Washing-
ton and Oeor^ctown, in the Distnct of Colum-
bia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That in all municipal elections in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, during the existence of the
present rebellion, every person who shall offer to
vote at any such election, and who shall be chal-
lenged by any legal voter on the ground of dis-
loyalty to the Government of the United States,
shall, before his vote shall be received, in addition
to the requirements now established by law, take
and subscribe to the following oath or affirmation,
namely: " I do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the
ease may be) that I will support, protect, and de-
fend the Constitution and Governmentof the Uni-
ted States against nil enemies, whether domestic
or foreign; that I will bear true faith, allegiance,
and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolu-
tion, or law.of any State convention, Legislature,
or order or organization, secret or otherwise, to
the contrary notwithstanding, and that I do this
with a full determination, pledge, and purpose,
without any mental reservation or evasion what-
soever; ana, further, that I have always been
loyal and true to the Government of the United
States. So help me God." The said oath or
affirmation may be taken before any justice of
the peace, notaiy public, or other person legally
authorised to administer oaths in the District
of Columbia; and the production of the certifi-
cate, in writing, of any such justice of the peace,
notary public, or other person so authorized to
administer oaths, with a copy of such oath or
affirmation, that said oath has been taken and
subscribed to by the person producing such cer-
tificate, shall be deemed by the commissioners of
election sufficient evidence of the fact. And it
shall also be.lawful for the commissioners of elec-
tion, or any one of them, during the time of hold-
ing such elections, to administer said oath. And
any person or persons violating said oath, or
making any false statement in taking the same,
•shall be subject to all the pains and penalties of
willful and corrupt perjury, and shall be liable to
be indicted and prosecuted to conviction before
any court in said District of Columbia having
competent jurisdiction thereof.
Ai'ProyjLd, May 20, 18C2.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act to provide for the Cod-
ification and Revision of the Laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, three suitable persons, learned in the
law, to revise and codify the luws of the District
of Columbia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the per-
sons who shall be thus appointed shall render a
final report of their revision and codification to
Congress on or before the first Monday of De-
cember next.
Approved, May 20, 1862.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act to authorize the Ap-
pointment of Medical Store-keepers and Chap-
Sains of Hospitals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be authoi lzeil
to add to the medical department of the Army med-
ical store-keepers, not exceeding six in number,
who shall have the pay and emoluments of mili-
tary store-keepers in the Quartermaster's depart-
ment, who shall be skilled apothecaries or drug-
gists, who shall give the bond andsecurity required
by existing laws for military store-keepers m the
Quartermaster's department, and who shall be
stationed at such points as the necessities of the
Army may require: Provided, That the provis-
ions of this act shall remain in force only during
the continuance of the present rebellion.
Slc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident nf the United Slates is hereby authorized to
appoint, if he shall deem it necessary, a chaplain
for each permanent hospital, whose pay, with that
of chaplains of hospitals heretofore appointed by
him, shall be the same as that of regimental chap-
lains in the volunteer force; and who shall be sub-
ject to such rules in relation to leave of absence
