2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those are
merely verbal amendments,and will be made ac-
cording to the suggestion of the Senator, if no
objection be made.
*Mr. LATHAM. I move in the eleventh line of
the first section, after the name of " William H.
Grant," to insert the name of " James B. "Wilson,"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, that name will be inserted.
Mr. NE3MITH. I desire to make a verbal
amendment on the 2d page. The name of u Ben-
jamin M. Harding" should be " Benjamin F.
Warding."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire that the name of
William P. Blodget, of Rhode Island, should be
added to the list.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, that name will be inserted in the proper
place.
Mr. ANTHONY. In line forty-nine, on the 3d
page, the words u the District of Columbia"
should be stricken out and "Rhode Island" in-
serted. It was my mistake m sending up the name.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That correc-
tion will be made according to the suggestion of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to insert on page 3,
line forty-nine, after the name of Benjamin H.
Cheever, the name of Charles Fosdick Fletcher.
The PRESlDENTproiempore. If no objection
be made, that name will be inserted.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill by
adding the name of Alvin Saunders, of Nebraska,
as one of the commissioners.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That name
will be inserted if no objection be made.
Mr. HALE. This bill provides for at least two
corporators from each State, and there is only one
from New Hampshire. I move to add, on page 3,
line forty-five, after the name of Joseph A. Gil*
more, the name of Charles W. Woodman.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. That name
will be inserted if no objection be made.
Mr. HOW A LID. On page 9, line twenty-
seven, after the name of Ransom Gardner, I move
to insert the names of Charles W. Penny, Charles
T. Gorham, and William McConnell, of Michi-
gan, as corporators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, those names will be inserted as pro-
posed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems thatahnostevery
Senator is milling names, and I desire to add some.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senatois are
requested to reduce the names they desire to pre-
sent to writing.
Mr. DOOLI I'TLE. I will send them to the
Chair in wrnm**.
Mr. GRIMES. In the mean time, I should like
to inquire of the Secretary how many hundred
corporators there are now in the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin proposes to insert the names of
T. B. Stoddard, E. II. Brotlhead, and N. H. Vir-
gin, of Wisconsin. If no objection be made, those
names will be inserted. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to add the
name of Isaac C. Elston, of Indiana, at the re-
quest of the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made that name will be inserted.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the bill by
inserting,as a new section at the end of it, the fol-
lowing, which I think will address itself to the
good sense of every member of the Senate:
%.tn& be it farther enactcd, That the corporation hereby
created shall make to the Secretary of the Treasury an an-
nual repoit, wherein shall be set foith first, the names of
the stockholder and their places ot iesidcnee,so far as the
frame can be ascertained ; second, the names and residences
of the director, and all other officers of the company; tfiiul.
the amount of stock RibiCiibed, and the amount thereof
actually paid in; fourth, a description of the hne> of the
road surveyed, ot the lines tlnneof li-<ed upon foi lijo con-
struction of the load, and the cost of such survey-*; fifth,
the amount received from pa^en^eix on the load; sixth,
the amount received tor freight theieon ; seventh, a. state-
ment ot the expense of &aid load and Us fixture* ; eighth, a
statement ot the indebtedness of baid com pan v, setting toith
the vanoiw kinds thereot. Each report shall be sworn to bv
the prefab-jit ot said company, and shail be piesemed to
said Secretary of the Tieasury on or before the l>t of July
in each year.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan and to the Senate that there are three
corporations embraced in this bill, three distinct
roads provided for, and in a contingency any one
of those companies may proceed 10 build the
whole line. Hence I think that amendment, if it
should be adopted, ought to be amended so as to
include ull of them and put them all in the same
condition, require them all to make the report.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I move, then, that it be so
modified.
Mr. MORRILL. I had prepared an amend-
ment to insert after the word "corporation" the
words "and roads connecting therewith under
the provisions of this act."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan accept that modification of
his amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
modified.
Mr. LATHAM. I will suggest to the Senator
from Michigan that if he will turn to section eigh-
teen, page 26, he will find that his provision would
be very applicable there, A portion of that sec-
tion was intended to do exactly what the Senator
from Michigan wishes, but does not do it so fully
as he desires.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I move the insertion of the name
of Henry Hammond, of Connecticut, in the list of
corporators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objection
be made that name will be inserted in the list.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on page 7,
section one, line one hundred and forty-five, by
striking out the word " directors" and inserting
the words 54 company at any regular meeting of
the stockholders called for that purpose;" so that
the clause will read:
Said company at any regular mooting of the stockholdeis
called for that purpose, .shall have pmver to make b\-la\vs,
iuies, and regulations, &c.
I want to state precisely what is the object of this
amendment, as it is not accepted by the chairman.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Oh,no.
Mr. MORRILL. It will be seen that the di-
rectors have power to make the by-laws, and the
bill provides thatthey shall makesuch "by-laws,
rules and regulations as they shall deem needful
and proper, touching the disposition of the stock,
property, estate, and effects of the company, not
inconsistent herewith, the transfer of shares, the
term of office, duties and conduct of their ofiiceis
and servants, and all matters whatsoever which
may appertain to the concerns of said company."
It puts the whole power of the company in the di-
rectors. In the first place, I suggest it is quite ex-
traordinary. 1 have never known an instance
where a charter vested the powerto makeby-laws,
to legislate for the company, in the directors. Man-
ifestly it should be m the stockholders. The di-
rectors are the agents of the stockholders, and
certainly it can hardly be said to be proper that
the agents should make the rules by which they
are to govern themselves, and by which they may
dispose of all the interests of the company, it
seems to me that the manifest propriety of the
thing is that the by-laws which are to control the
interests of the company should be made by the
stockholders, the real substantial men of the com-
pany. _
It will be seen further, as a reason why the di-
rectors should not have tins power, that this com-
pany is allowed to organize before its stock is full.
I believe upon the subscription of two thousand
shares this company is authorized to organize and
choose directors. Now, are the Senate willing to
say that upon the subscription of two thousand
shares to the capital stock of this company, they
may organize, elect directors, and that the'direct-
ors so elected limy exercise ull the functions and
all the powers of this corporation, may make the
i ules and regulations by which they might divest
the whole company of all its rights?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine. The gentle-
man's experience is very different from my own
with regard to the manner in which the business
of corporations is conducted. I never knew of
a body of stockholders in any corporation to
make its by-laws or give direction to the com-
pany. He proposes, by his amendment, to have
the stockholders transact the business for which
the board of directors are especially appointed.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no, sir; not at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The amendment allows
that. Now, the directors are the representatives
of the stockholders just as much as the Senator
is the representative of the State of Maine in this
Senate, and are supposed to represent the stock-
holders' interests; and the arrangement is made
that they can get together and can consult on the
question of by-laws as well as the general admin-
istration uf the business of the company. The
by-laws, as far as I have learned by my own ex-
perience, are always made by the board of direct-
ors. They have to be changed from time to
time, as the exigencies of the business of the com-
pany demand. By-laws that may be deemed pru-
dent to-day may prove unwise to-morrow. There
must be some organized body that can make the
required correction. A large corporation like this,
where the subscribers will belong to all parts of
the Union, and some of them, perhaps, in Europe,
cannot be brought together every time a by-law
needs to be changed. The law of theirorganiza-
tion is in this bill. They can do nothing incon-
sistent with its provisions. They have got to con-
form to the rules made by us, and the boaid of
directors is to give it working force and a system
for working. The amendment suggested is against
all practice. The directors are appointed by the
board of stockholders—selected as the most skill
ful in thatdepartmentofbusiness. They organize
the system. They modify it from time to time,
as they find it is necessary. They regaid by-laws
as they regard all other matters of legislation and
administration. I trust the Senator will not press
his amendment; and if he does, I hope the Senate
will not concur with him.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think I am under-
stood by the Senatorfrom California. I think this
question is vital to the concerns of the company.
By this bill, as it now stands, the whole powers
of the company are to be vested in the directors.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator if
he applies his amendment only to the first clause,
down to the word " herewith," in the one hun-
dred and forty-third line? It reads:
Said directors bh.ill have povvei to make by-laws, rules,
and regulations as they ediall deem needful and pioper,
touching the disposition of the s-tock, property, estate, and
effects of the company, not inconsistent herewith.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that I quite
comprehend the Senator's proposition, butl will
endeavor to make myself understood. I do not
intend to invest the stockholders with any power
to interfere with the management of this road. I
du not say that the stockholders shall have dnec-
tion of it. That is all to be left with the directors;
but who shall fix the rules by which the property
shall he transferred? Why, sir, under this bill
you allow these directors to say who shall tians-
fer the property, who shall dispose of it, and on
what terms.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to understand ex-
actly the force of theSenator's amendment. Does
he carry it beyond the word " herewith" in the
one hundred and forty-third line? Wc may not
differ, perhaps, if I can understand him.
Mr. MORRILL. I mean simply to say the
directors shall not make the by-laws.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Your amendment only
goes to that clause ?
Mr. MORRILL. That is all it is: that the by-
laws are to be made by the stockholders, at a
regular meeting.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. Some twenty years ago,I metupon
the plains, then far beyond civilization, a gentle-
man with a large party of engineers and explor-
ers, exploring a route to the Pacific upon nearly
the line now indicated in the bill before the Sen-
ate, and all at iiis own expense, costing him many
thousand dollars. I will move that his name be
inserted as one of the directois: Asa Whitney,
then of New York, but now of the District of
Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That name
will be inserted if there is no objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to move an
amendment on page 26, section nine, line twenty-
six, after the word "act," to add the words "pro-
