356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
37th Cons. .. .2d Sess.
Laws of , the United States.
from duty as arc prescribed for commissioned
officers of the Army.
Approved, May 20,1862.
C?B£P. LXXXl.—An Act supplementary to an
Act approved on the thirteenth July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An Act to
provide for the Collection of Duties on Imports,
and for other purposes."
J?e it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmtricain Congress
(tssetribledi That the Secretary of the Treasury,
in addition to the powers conferred upon him by
the act of the thirteenth July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, be, and he is hereby, authorized to
refuse a clearance to any vessel or other vehicle
l&dfem with goods, wares,or merchandise, destined
fpr a foreign or domestic port, whenever he shall
h&vesatisfactory reason to believe thatsuch goods,
wares, merchandise, or any part thereof, what-
ever may be their ostensible destination, are in-
tended for ports or places in possession or under
control of insurgents against the United States;
arxd if any vessel or other vehicle for which a
clearance or permit shall have been refused by the
Secretory of the Treasury, or by his order, as
^foresaid, shall depart or attempt to depart for a
foreign or domestic port without being duly cleared
or permitted, such vessel or other vehiclc, with
her tackle, apparel, furniture, and cargo, shall be
forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a permit or clearance is granted for either a
foreign or domestic port, it shall be lawful for the
collector of the customs granting the same, if he
shall deem it necessary, under the circumstances
of the case, to require a bond to be executed by
the master or the owner of the vessel, in a pen-
aty equal to the value of the cargo, and with sure-
ties to the satisfaction of such collector, that the
said cargo shall be delivered at the destination for
which it is cleared or permitted, and that no part
thereof shall be used in affording aid or comfort
to any person or parties in insurrection against
the authority of the United States.
Sec. 3. A nd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
further empowered to prohibit and prevent the
transportation in any vessel, or upon any rail-
road, turnpike, or other road or means of trans-
portation within the United States, of any goods,
wares, or merchandise of whatever character, and
whatever may be the ostensible destination of the
same, in all cases where there shall be satisfactory
reasons to believe that such goods, wares, or mer-
chandise are intended for any place in the posses-
sion or under the control of insurgents against the
United States; or that there is imminent danger
that such goods, wares, or merchandise will fall
into the possession or under the control of such
insurgents; and he is further authorized, in all
cases where he shall deem it expedient so to do,
to require reasonable security to be given that
goods, wares, or merchandise shall not be trans-
ported to any place under insurrectionary con-
trol, and shall not, in any way, be used to give
aid or comfort to such insurgents, and he may
establish all such general or special regulations as
may be necessary or proper to carry into effect
the purposes of this act; and if any goods, wares,
or merchandise shall be transported in violation
of this act, or of any regulation of the Secretary
of theTreasury,established in pursuance thereof,
or if any attempt shall be made so to transport
them, all goods, wares, or merchandise, so trans-
ported or attempted to be transported, shall be
forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
ceedings for the penalties and forfeitures accruing
under this act may be pursued, and the same may
be mitigated or remitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury in the modes prescribed by the eighth
and ninth sections of the act of July thirteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to which this act
is supplementary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
ceeds of all penalties and forfeitures incurred under
this act, or the act to which this is supplementary,
shall be distributed in the manner provided by the
ninety-first section of the act'of March second,
seventeen hundred and ninety-nine, entitled " An
act to regulate the collection of duties on imports
and tonnage/'
Approved, May 20,1862.
Chap. LXXX.IL—An Act to authorize the Cor-
poration of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, to lay and collect a Water Tax, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stages of America in Congress
assembled, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen,
and Common Council of Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, shall have full power and au-
thority to levy and collect a tax not exceeding
sixty cents per front foot on all lots-and parts of
lots within said corporate limits in front of or par-
allel to which water mains have been or may here-
after be laid; or, in their discretion, to appropriate
from thecorporatefundsgenerally so much moifey
as may be necessary to supply the inhabitants of
said town with Potomac water from the aqueduct
mams or pipes now laid or to be laid in the streets
of said town by the United States; and to make
all laws and regulations for the proper distribution
of the same, subject to the restrictions prescribed
by this act, and the act approved March the third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, and entitled " An
act to provide for the care and preservation of the
works constructed by the United States for bring-
ing the Potomac water into the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, for the supply of said water
for all Government purposes, and for the uses and
benefit of the inhabitants of said cities."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said Cor-
poration shall have full power and authority to
collect such taxes, when so fixed, in advance or
otherwise, th rough such agents, collectors, or com-
missioners, as they may designate and appoint;
and upon the failure of any owner of said lot or
lots, or part thereof, to pay said taxes, to sell the
same; or to stop the supply of water to the same,
or to distrain and sell the personal effects of such
owner; and in the case of any sale the same pro-
ceedings shall be observed as are adopted in en-
forcing the collection of the general tux of said
town; and generally to enact such laws as may be
necessary to furnish the inhabitants of said town
with pure and wholesome water, and to carry into'
complete effect the powers herein granted: Pro-
vided, That the taxes levied by virtue of this act
shall never be a source of revenue other than as a
means of supplying said town with water.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in levy-
ing said front foot tax, said Corporation shall, in
all cases where a lot or lots, or part thereof, may
be situated at the intersection of two streets and
fronting on the same, so icduce and graduate the
tax thereon as not to exceed in all a tax upon one
hundred feet front; and shall, in all cases whore
said property may have a front on any one or
more streets, of more than one hundred feet, so
reduce and graduate the tax thereon as not to
exceed a tax upon one hundred feet front.
Sec. 4. And beit further enacted, That all ordi-
nances and resolutions or parts thereof relating to
the distribution of Potomac water through said
town, and the collection of a water tax, and the
ordinances and resolutions heretofore passed by
said Corporation particularly mentioned in this
section, be, and the same are hereby, ratified and
confirmed, said ordinances and resolutions being
described and identified as follows, to wit: A res-
olution approved April the twenty-third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, entitled "A resolution au-
thorizing the tapping of water mains;" a resolu-
tion approved May the seventh, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, entitled " A resolution authoring
the laying of a water main up High street;" an
ordinance approved May the ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, entitled "An ordinance au-
thorizing the distribution of the Potomac water
through the city of Georgetown;" a resolution ap-
proved May the fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, entitled " A resolution repealing a part
of a resolution for laying a water main up High
street;" an ordinance approved July the second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, entitled " A sup-
plement to an ordinance authorizing the distribu-
tion of the Potomac water through the city of
Georgetown, approved May the ninth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine;" a resolution approved
July the second, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine,
entitled " A resolution approving of certain con-
tracts for distributing water through the town;"
a resolution approved August the twentieth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine, entitled " A resolu-
tion in relation to the water distribution;" a res-
olution approved September the seventeenth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine, entitled4 4 A resolution
authorizing the water board to purchase water-
pipes;" a resolution approved September the sev-
enteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, entitled
" A resolution in relation to water distribution;" a
resolution approved September the twenty-fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, entitled " A res-
olution supplementary to a resolution, entitled' A
resolution in relation to the water distribution,
approved August the twentieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine;'" a resolution approved September
the twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, entitled " A resolution in relation to the re-
demption of water stock;" a resolution approved
October twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, entitled " A resolution in relation to water
mains;" a resolution approved November the fifth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, entitled "A res-
olution approving the contract for patent water-
pipes for Road street;" a resolution approved
November the nineteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, entitled " A resolution repealing a por-
tion of the resolution approved April the twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, in relation
to tapping water mains."
Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That in case
of a failure to pay any taxes whatever laid by said
corporation by virtue of its vested powers, it shall
be lawful to sell, in the discretion of the collector
or other proper officer, either the real or personal
estate, or both, of the delinquent tax-payer; and
so much of the eighth section of the act approved
May the twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and
twenty-four, entitled " An act supplementary to
the act4 to incorporate the inhabitants of the city
of Washington,'passed the fifteenth of May, one
thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for other
purposes,"as is in the following words, viz: "Pro-
vided, That no sale of real estate shall be made
but where the owner or tenant of the property has
not sufficient personal estate out of which to en-
force a collection of the debt due," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. And, beit further enacted, That the per-
son or persons appointed to collect any taxes im-
posed by said Corporation in pursuance of its^
vested powers shall have authority to collect the""
same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels
of the person chargeable therewith, but no such
sale shall be made unless ten days' previous notice
thereof be given in some newspaper printed in the
District of Columbia, aforesaid; and the provis-
ions of the acts of Maryland now in force within
said District relating to the right of replevying
personal property taken in execution for public
taxes shall apply to all cases of personal property
taken by distress to satisfy taxes imposed by vir-
tue of the corporate powers aforesaid.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That said cor-
poration shall have power and authority to repair
any of the footways of the streets in said town,
and to impose and collect such tax or taxes on the
lot or lots, or parts thereof,* adjoining the same,
as may be necessary to pay the expense of such
repairs.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the first section of the act approved -May thir-
ty-one,eighteen hundred and thirty, entitled "An
act to amend the charter of Georgetown," as is in
the following words, viz: " Provided, That noth-
ing in this act shall change the manner of giving
notice of the sales of property owned by persons
not residing in the District of Columbia," be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, May 21, 1862.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act providing for the
education of Colored Children in the Cities of
Washington and Georgetown, District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act it shall be the duty of the municipal authori-
