1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
Laivs of the United States.
37th Costg....2d Sess,
ties of the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
m the District of Columbia, to set apart ten per
centum of the amount received from taxes levied
on the real and persona! property in said cities
owned by persons of color; which sum received
for taxes, as aforesaid, shall be appropriated for
the purpose of initiating a system of primary
schools for the education of colored children resid-
ing in said cities.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the boards
of trustees of public schools in said cities shall
have sole control of the fund arising from the tax
aforesaid, as well as from contributions by per-
sons disposed to aid in the education of the col-
ored race, or from any other source, which shall
be kept as a fund distinct from the general school
fund; and it is made their duty to provide suitable
rooms and teachers for such a number of schools
as, in their opinion, will best accommodate the
colored children in the various portions of said
cities.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the board
of trustees aforesaid shall possess all the powers,
exercise the same functions, and have the same
supervision over the schools provided for in this
act as are now exercised* by them over the pub-
lic schools now existing in said cities by virtue
of the laws and ordinances of the Corporation
thereof.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons of color in the District of Columbia, or in the
corporate limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, shall be subject and amenable to the
same laws and ordinances to which free white per-
sons are or may be subject or amenable; that they
shall be tried for any offenses against the laws
in the same manner as free white persons are or
may be tried for the same offenses; and that upon
being legally convicted of any crime or offense
against any law or ordinance, such persons of
color shall be liable to the same penalty or pun-
ishment, and no other, as would be imposed or
inflicted upon free white persons for the same
crime or offense; and all acts or parts of acts in-
consistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
Approved, May 21, 1862.
Ciiap. LXXXIV.—An Act to provide for the
settlement of the Accounts of John A. Smith,
Clerk of the Circuit Court and Criminal Court
of the Distiict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of.the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in all settlements of accounts for
fees, emoluments, and allowances by the clerk of
the circuit and criminal courts of the District of
Columbia, the accounting officers of the Treasury
shall not hold said cleilc responsible for any fees
or charges not actually collected by him from the
parties liable therefor, whenever the failure to
make such collection shall be shown to result from
the insolvency, non-residence, or other inability
of the parties liable therefor; and the affidavit of
said clerk that he has in vafn used due diligence
to collect said fees, accompanied by a certificate
of the district attorney that he believes that the
money cannot, by due diligence, be collected, shall
be held and deemed sufficient proof for the allow-
ance to said clerk of &\[ fees and charges not ac-
tually collected by him; and said clerk shall there-
upon be entitled to a credit 'in all settlements
of his accounts heretofore made, in which he is
charged for said uncollected fees, and said former
settlements are hereby opened for the purpose of
giving him said credit upon his affidavit and the
certificate of the district attorney being produced
to the proper accounting officers, in support of the
credit so claimed by him.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the clerk
of said circuit and criminal courts of the District
of Columbia shall be credited m all settlements of
account (made heretofore or which may be made
hereafter) out of the fees collected by him, or due
to him, a salary of twenty-five hundred dollars
per annum for his services as clerk of said crim-
inal court during the period in which he has re-
ceived no compensation for his said services; and
in all settlements made, or to be made, he shall be
allowed out of his said fees collected by or due to
him, in either of said courts, his proper and legal
allowances, and all proper expenses; and it shall
be the duty of the proper accounting officers to
restate all former settlements of said accounts and
settle the same in conformity with the provisions
of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all laws
and parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions
of this act be, and the same arc hereby, repealed.
Approved, May 26, 3862.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act-to amend an Act en-
titled An Act making Appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Departmuntduring the
fiscal yearending the thirtieth of June,eighteen
hundred and sixty-three," approved April sev-
enteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provision.of the first section
of the act entitled " An act making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal vear ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three," approved
April seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, which appropriates the sum of eight thou-
sand eight hundred dollars for compensation of
twenty-five additional clerks in the Post Office
Department, authorized by the 4 Act to promote
the efficiency of the dead letter office,'approved
January twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, from the date of their appointment to the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, "be, and the same is hereby, so amended that
the said sum of eight thousand eight hundred
dollars shall be payable out of the appropriation
made out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
revenue of the Post Office Department for the year
ending the thirtieth of June,eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, contained in the third section of the
act entitled " An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two," approved March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, May 26, 1862.
Cuap. LXXXVI.—An A«t to reduce the Ex-
penses of the Survey and sale of the Public
Lands in the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That contracts for the survey ot the
public lands shall not become binding upon the
United States until approved by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, except in such cases
as said Commissioner shall otherwise specially
order.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted,!? hat the printed
manual of instructions relating to the public sur-
veys, prepared at the General Land Office, and
bearing date February twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, the instructions of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
the special instructions of the surveyor general
when not in conflict with said printed manual, or
the instructions of said Commisssioner, shall be
taken and deemed to be a part of every contract
for surveying the public lands of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall have
power, and it shall be his duty, to fix the prices
per mile for public surveys which shall in no case
exceed the maximum established by law; and that,
under instructions to bo prepared by said Com-
missioner, an accurate account shall be kept by
each surveyor general of the cost ofsurveyingand
platting private land claims, to be reported to the
General Land Office, with the map of such claim,
and that patents shall not issue for any such pri-
vate claim until the cost of survey and platting
shall have been paid into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States by the claimant.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of July next, and upon the rec-
ommendation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, approved by the Secretary of the In-
terior, the President may ordcrthatthe Territories
of Utah and Colorado shall constitute one survey-
ing district, the duties of surveyor general in said
district to be performed by the surveyor general
ol Colorado; and the surveying district of Nevada
shall be united to that of California, the duties of
the surveyor general of the former to be transferred
to the surveyor general of California; and the
transfer of the effects and archives of the offices to
be made under the instructions of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That upon the
recommendation of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, approved by the Secretary of the
Interior, the President may order the discontinu-
ance of any land office, and the transfer of its busi-
ness and archives to any other land office within
the same State or Territory.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of July next the compensation
of registers and receivers in all the land offices in
the United States shall be an annual salary of five
hundred dollars to each, with the fees and com-
missions now prescribed by law, and, to be paid
by claimants, an additional fee in donation cases
of five dollars for each final certificate for one hun-
dred and sixty acres, ten dollars for three hun-
dred and twenty acres, and fifteen dollars for six
hundred and forty acres; to be accounted for in
the same manner as fees and commissions in war-
rantand preemption locations, with limitations as
to maximum of salary prescribed by existing laws,
and in accordance with such instructions as shall
be given by the Commissioner of the General
[Land] Office.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in regard
to settlements which by existing laws are author-
ized in certain States and Territories upon unsur-
veyed lands, which privilege is hereby extended
to California, the preemption claimant shall be,
and is hereby, in all cases, required,from and after
the first day of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, to file his declaratory statement within
three months from the date of the receipt at the
district land office of the approved plat of the town-
ship embracing such preemption settlement: Pro-
vided, The provisions of this section shall not be
held to authorize preemption and settlement of
mineral lands, which are hereby exempted from
the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of July next, and until other-
wise ordered by the President, the duties of the
registerand receiver ofNew Mexico shall be trans-
ferred to and devolve upon the surveyor general
of that Territory, and it shall and may be lawful
for the President, in like manner, to transfer the
duties of registerand receiver in any district to the
surveyor general where the public interest may
require such transfer.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of July next the salary of the
surveyor general of California shall not exceed
three thousand dollars per annum, and [the] sal-
aries of the surveyorgeneral ofOregon and Wash-
ington shall not exceed two thousand five hundred
dollars each per annum, and should the surveying
districts of Utah and Nevada be hereafter estab-
lished by order of the President, each as an inde-
pendent district, the salaries of the surveyor gen-
eral shall not exceed three thousand dollars each
for said districts.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That when the
settlers in any township or townships, not min-
eral or reserved by Government, shall desire a
survey made of the same, under the authority of
the surveyor general of the United States, and
shall file an application therefor in writing, and-
deposit in a proper United States depository, to
the credit of the United States, a sum sufficient to
pay for such survey, together with all expenses in-
cident thereto, withoutcostor claim for indemnity
on the United States, it shall and may be lawful
for said suryeyor general, under such instructions
as may be given him by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office,and in accordance with exist-
ing laws and instructions, to survey such town-
ship or townships, and make return thereof to the
general and proper local land office: Provided, The
townships so proposed to be surveyed are within
the range of the regular progress of the public
surveys embraced by existing standard lines or
bases for the township and sub-divisional sur-
veys.
Approved, May 30, 1862.
