1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had lost it? How can gentlemen account for that
but by supposing that something more must have
occurred than the statement in which the gentle-
man from Missouri is informed, on high authority,
gives us?
Now, sir, I know it was generally stated by all
those who were on confidential terms with Gen-
eral Scott—and I will not say it absolutely, but
my belief is that I heard him say so myself—on
the day of that battle, or the day after, that he
was a coward; that the President ought to have
dismissed him, because he had allowed himself
to be overruled and overpersuaded to fight that
battle—not that the President had persuaded him,
not that thePresidenthadsuggested.it. ThePrcs-
ident may have suggested that perhaps he had bet-
ter wait, but theie were many members of Con-
gress—I know, for I was here at that time, and
witnessed it—who were exceedingly anxious that
General Scott should advance the Army. Mem-
bers of this body went to him in companies and
urged upon him the necessity of more rapid move-
ments. Is it not within the knowledge of mem-
bers who arc here now that that was done ? Are
there not members here now who went to him for
that purpose? And are there not members who,
knowing that a battle was to be fought, went to
the battle-ground? Itdoesnotfollow that there is
any contradiction between this statement and thai
of the gentleman from Missouri, but there are high
authorities besides those of the gentleman.
Mr. WADSWORTH rose.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to any further inter-
ruptions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And not only the mem-
bers of Congress, but the public press, and the
people, by all their energies, by all their means
of communication, urged it upon General Scott.
There was the greatestimpatience manifested,and
insomeinstancesby the very persons who charged
him afterwards with having yielded to the pies-
sure upon him in assenting to fight the battle be-
fore due preparation was made. I have known
General Scotland associated with him, great por-
tions of the time, for more than forty years; and
I can say here that I never knew a man of more
scrupulous truth and integrity. In that respect,
in all that constitutes integrity, veracity, and pa-
triotism, he is a model man. I know what 1 say
to be true. The country is proud of him. His
fame is a partof our national glory. He has been
a major general of our Army between fifty and
sixty years. I protest, therefore, against these
accusations, whether they are intended or not,
against his character—now, when he has retired
from active service after so much of fidelity and
labor for the Republic.
The statements which have been made are very
plausible; but the gentleman from Missouri may
be mistaken, or there may be more information
than he has been able to get at. It is too much
to believe that General Scott, against the protest
of the President, fought the bailie of Bull Run.
We must suppose that there were sonic preceding
and preexisting facts. It was Saturday that the in-
formation reached here that General Johnston had
eluded General Patterson; and although General
Scott may not have advised the forward movement
on Tuesday and Wednesday, yet on Saturday or
Sunday morning, when the Army had arrived at
a place from which it would have been hazardous
to retreat, he may have insisted that the assault
should take place. I am not a military man enough
to decide the question. Our troops had arrived in
front of the enemy; and the question was whether
the safest course was to fight or to retreat upon
Washington without striking a blow. He may
have acted'upon that condition of facts, although
at first opposed to a battle. I do not say that these
things are so. They are merely conjectures.
I think that General Scott acted after the man-
ner of a man who had been urged to fight the
battle. I believe if the President had protested
against it, that General Scott, with his virtue of
obedience, would never have fought that battle,
unless the President had permitted himself to be ,
overruled. The charge is, that he fought that bat- '
tie, and lost it; and that he fought it against the
protest of the President of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to say a j
word, and I ask the gentleman to yield me the j
floor. ;
Mr, HICKMAN and Mr. LOVEJOYobjected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My only object is, as
far as I can, to vindicate the character of General
Scott, and to leave untarnished to his country his
great name—a name of war, a name powerful in
the hearts of our people—and we want everything
that will strengthen them that we can get. I want
everyillustrious name of ourcountry, from Wash-
ington down, to be remembered and honored, in
order that our soldiers may know what is their
duty in the day of battle.
Now, sir, I think from the facts which have been
elicited that my friend from Missouri has been led
into a hasty conclusion in supposing that General
Scott is the author of the defeat to our arms at
Bull Run. I believe that General Scott never
would have fought that battle against the protest
of the President of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to let me say a word.
Mr. GOOCH. I must call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will be very brief.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope my friend from
Missouri will be permitted to*be heard.
Mr. GOOCH. I am a good-natured man, but
I am told that if I withdraw the demand for the
previous question, I will have a prospect of losing
the joint resolution. I must therefore insist on
my demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to say a word.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKHNG. I object, unless
this is to be a free discussion.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I was very badly treated
on Friday last, for my hour was consumed by the
members who interrupted me.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object.
The question was taken on the motion to refer
the joint resolution to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and it was rejected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I hope that the
House will give me two minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I must object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I wish to explain
„some things.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I demand the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was not laid on the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Gooch's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to; and the joint resolu-
tion was then ordered to be read a third time, and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GOOCH demanded the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GOOCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 109} to pro-
hibit the " cooly trade" by American citizejis in
American vessels; when the Speaker signed the
same
DEPARTMENT OK AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which House bill No. *269,
to establish a Department of Agriculture, was re-
committed to the Committee on Agriculture, and
I demand the previous question on that motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the vote was reconsidered, and the bill
brought before the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the Clerk to read the
bill and the reportof the committee. As they hffve
nothing m about the negro, I hope that they will
be listened to. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read, as follows:
A Bill to establish a Department of Agrif uiture
Be it enactcd by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of dmcnca in Congress assembled, That
there Nheteb) c^Ubus-hed at the yeat of tne Government
of the United State*. a Department of Agriculture, the gen-
eral and duties of winch shall In: to acquire and to
diffuse among the people oflhc Umtcu State's n^ful inun ill-
ation on subjects, connected vvltb agriculture in the took
general and comprehensive sense of that word, and to pro-
cure, .propagate, and distribute among the people new aitd
valuable seeds and plants.
Sec. 2. Andhe it further enacted, Thai there shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and With the advice and con- •
sent of the Senate, a Commissioner of Agriculture/* vraS
shall be the chief executive officer of the Department §£
Agriculture, who shall hold his office by a tenure similar "to
that of other civil officers appointed by the President, find
who shall receive for his compensation a salary of
per annum. - '< •
Sec. 3. An&beit further enccfed, That itshall be the duty
of the Commissioner of Agriculture to acquire and* preserve
in his Department alt information concerning agfrieufHtrfe
which he can obtain by means of books and correspdnden'cfc,
and by practical and scientific experiments, (accurate rec-
ords of which experiments shall be kept in his office,)' by thfc
collection of statistics, and byany other appropriate means
within his power; to collect, as he may be able, new and
valuable seeds and plants; to test, by cultivation, the value
of such of them as may require such tests; to propagatestich
as may be worthy of propagation, and to distribute them
among agriculturists. He shall annually make a general re-
port in writing of his acts to the President, in which he may
recommend the publication of papers forming parts of or ac-
companying his report, which report shall also contain an
account of all moneys received and expended by him. He
shall also make special reports on particular subjects when-
ever required to do so by the President or either House of
Congress, or when he shall think the subject in his charge
requires it. He shall receive and have charge of all the prop-
erty of the agricultural division of the Patent Office In the
Departmentof the Interior. He shall directand superintend
the expenditure of all money appropriated by Congress to
the Department, and render accounts thereof, and also of all
money heretofore appropriated for agriculture and remain-
ing unexpended. And said Commissioner may send and re-
ceive through the mails, free of charge, all communications
and other matter pertaining to the business of his Depart-
ment not exceeding in weight thirty-two ounces.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That the Commissioner
of Agriculture shall appoint a chief clerk, with a salary of
$2,000, and such other employ6s as may be necessary, with
salaries conesponding to the salaries of similar officers in
other Departments of the Government; andhe shall, as oc-
casion may require, employ other persbns, for such time as
their services may be needed, including chemists, botanists,
entomologists, and other persons skilled in the natural sci-
ences pertaining to agriculture.
Report.
The Committee on Agriculture, to whom were referred
that portion of the President's message relating to agricul-
ture and seveial bills for the establishment ot an agricul-
tural department or bureau, ask leave to report:
Your committee would state that they have liad the sub •
ject under consideration, and have given it careful and ma-
lure attention.
The establishment of a distinct bureau or department, de-
voted as a leading purpose to the agrlcuttuial interest, has
been discussed more or le.ss for the lasst twenty years. It
received the distinct recommendation of President Taylor,
and is indorsed and recommended by our present excellent
Chief Magistrate in his annual message, as follows:
" Agriculture, confessedly the largest interest of the na-
tion, lias not a depaitment nor a bureau, but a clerkship
only, assigned to it in the Government, while it is fortu-
nate that this great interest is so independent in its nature
as to not have demanded and extorted more from the Gov-
ernment, I lespectfully ask Congiess to consider whether
something more cannot be given voluntarily with general
advantage.
" Annual repot ts exhibiting the condition of our agricul-
ture, commerce, and manufactures would present a fund Of
information of great practical value to thp country. White
J make no suggestion as to details, I venture the opinion
that an agricultural and statistical bureau might profitably
be organized."
The Secretary of the Interior, also, in his leport, has the
following valuable and appropriate suggestions :
" In tins connection I teel constrained to recommend the
establishment of a bureau of agricultuie and statistics, the
need whereof is not only realized by the heads of depart-
ment, but is felt by every intelligent legislator.
" The maintenance of such u bureau, on a respectable foot-
ing,by a different at rangement of office* which at present ex-
ist on a basis too contracted for extensive usefulness, would
be attended with no expense to theGovernmcnt additional to
that incident to the present organization of the Department,
while the advantages gained to the public service, would be
incalculable. One of the objects contemplated by Congress
m tiie appropriations for tiie promotion of agriculture was
the 'collection of agricultuial statistics.' Correct reports
from evety portion of the country, exhibiting the peculiar-
ities of the ^oils and their adaptation to the various crops,
with the character and extent of their annual productions,
would constitute a fund of information of great practical
value. The appropriations heretofore made by Congress
have not been sufheient to accomplish tins object, and at
the same time piovide lot the distribution of seeds and the
propagation of new varieties of plants to the extent which
the public expectation appeared to demand.
"Annual reports made undet the direction of fcucii a
bureau, setting forth the condition of our ugueulture, man-
ufaetutes, and commerce, with well-dieted statements
relative to similar facts in foreign countries which the pres-
ent rapid intetcommunication enables u* to obtain often in
advance of their publication abioad, would prove the most
valuable repertories ot inteiesting and important infoima-
tion, the absence of which often occasions incalculable loss
to the matcital interests of the country. The vigilance of
such a bureau would Mipply timely warning ot the failure
of crops abioadoi at home, and lead tothe judicious invest-
ment of capital and employinentof labor in agriculture and
manufacture^
•< While we expend vast sums for experiments in gtm-
! neiv, the piomouon of science,-in illustiating the physical
' feature, of unpeopled territoj} at home and regions bejond
