1862.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187?
ernment,and surely no Govemmenton earth ever
outraged humanity more than they did* And yet
I have never learned of any interference of this
Government, or of any civilized Government, with
the Neapolitan Government, calling in question
the treatment of their criminals or those engaged
in rebellion.
The Senate will pardon me while I allude to one
incident, illustrative of their treatment of those
engaged in rebellion. It will be borne in mind by
many Senators that about sixty refugees from the
Neapolitan Government were directed to be sent
to this country. Many of them had been impris-
oned for ten years, and doubtless the Senate will
remember one littie incident of that venerableold
man, called Simbrini. He had lain for ten years
in prison, until the chains had worn deep holes
in his wrists, and when he was put on board the
vessel, lie told this remarkable story : " The first
year 1 was in prison I had about two inches of
light, and there was a tree before my prison bars
and a little bird came and sang for me for some
weeks, but his Majesty happened to hear of it,
and he had the bird shot." And yet I never heard
of any Govemmentcalling m question the acts of
that Government. There was a party in rebellion
against an established Government. Surely it
cannot be said by implication here that any Gov-
ernment would have the right to call in question
our treatment of criminals m our own land.
Military commanders may, for want of definite
instruction and as mere matters of convenience,
follow the maxims of the public laws of war. But
a Government is bound by no such considerations
where its own citizens are the other belligerent
party, unless it be in case of blockade, which, as
affecting the world's commerce, is matter of in-
ternational law. It seems true, sir, that we have
all fallen more or less into the error we would all
avoid. Why should our armies restrict their
seizures of rebel property to that found in rebel
camps and contraband of war according to the in-
ternational code? If this is for want of proof that
property in private hands belongs to rebels, it is
right; but if it is on the ground that we are bound
to obseive the rules of international warfare, and
recognize only organized bodies, it is wrong.
We seem to be under the delusion that this is
properly a war, instead of a contest for the arrest
and punishment of our own citizens, who have
committed felony, and every one of whom is in-
dividually responsible for the crimes of this re-
bellion, and might be adjudged to the death pen-
alty under existing law; a view which transforms
the measure now before the Senate from an aspect
of sanguinary cruelty to one of unheard of clem-
ency—a measure providing for the release of the
great body of criminals from the penalty of vio-
lated lasv, and reserving only a few leaders to pun-
ishment.
I hold, sir, that every loyal citizen of South
Carolina, or of Mississippi, or of any other of the
rebellious States, is as much entitled to the rights
and privileges of this Government as the loyal cit-
izens of New York, or Indiana, or any other of
the loyal States. To listen to any other teach-
ings, to adopt any other policy, would be rank
injustice. We should therefore be very careful
not to countenance in the slightest degree any
proposition looking to the destruction of the States
and the organization of territorial government
wuhin their limits, for in direct terms we would
admit the foul doctrine of secession. Therefore
I say, with all due respect, the less favor we show
to wauls a measure like that of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] the better, for if rt
were passed I fuar it would be an invitation to the
great Powers of Europe to recognize and give
force to this revolution. ThisGovernmentdenies
with all its energy that under the Constitution
there can be any such thing as the secession of a
State. It does not look upon this rebellion as the
act of the States, but as the act alone of the indi-
viduals who have engaged in it.
Mr. President, this powerful nation needs a
stiong Government. By temporizing and by the
want of firmness and decision we foster and tol-
erate enemies in all parts of the country. What
the people demand and will have is a strong Gov-
ernment to punish promptly and completrly the
monstrous and unparalleled crimes which have
been committed against its authority. Justice cries
aloud for vengeance upon the banded traitors who
haveconspircd to destroy this Government. They
have perpetrated the highest crime against God
and civilization; and there can be no enduring
peace until they have been made to pay the pen-
alty. We are not only contending for unity and
the supremacy of the law, but for the respect of
the great nations of the earth. By the vigorous
prosecution of this war, and by meting out the
terrible vengeance which this rebellion has called
down upon its leaders, we will have taken a sure
means to prevent any future renewal of the hor-
rors of civil war, and impress the nations with the
power and stability of the Republic, and the haz-
ards which they would run in interfering with our
affairs.
I am tired of hearing the leaders, those who
have brought on this war, called our brethren.
They do not deserve any favors at our hands.
They have shocked the civilization of the age,
and have committed barbarities almost unparal-
leled in history. Shall we call those our brethren
who have brought sorrow and suffering to almost
every hearthstone in our country? Shall we call
those our brethren who have armed the savages
and commissioned them for the perpetration of all
manner of fiendish atrocities? Will cooing and
soft words change the heart of those assassins
who, in the midnight watches, stealthily creep
upon the pickets of our armies and murder them
in cold blood? Do our brethren insult the life-
less bodies of our patriot soldiers? Do they bury
them with their face downwards, or pilfer their
graves and dishonor their bones, and do other vile
acts which we could expect only from vampires
and cannibals? No, Mr. President, these are not
our brethren. They are our mortal foes, and we
must deprive them of all power for mischief.
I need not, for the purpose I have in view, more
than casually refer to the sublime spectacle of the
rising of the American people to maintain the ex-
istence of their imperiled Government. It has as-
tonished the world, and extorted admiration even
from the antagonists of republican institutions.
The greatest of modern armies has been gathered,
equipped, disciplined, and put into the field with-
out resorting, in any instance, to conscription.
Men have not only implored that the Administra-
tion should tax them and their property, in order
that it may have ample means for the vigorous
prosecution of this war, but, with a divine enthu-
siasm, they stand ready to seal their devotion to
the Union with their hearts' blood. They have
never yet faltered in the good work. Notwith-
standing ail that Indiana has done so far in this
contest,yet I am informed, from the best author-
ities in that State, so eager are the people in the
suppression of this rebellion that they would to-
morrow uncomplainingly, if the necessities of the
hour demanded it, feed and clothe the sixty thou-
sand troops which she has sent into the field.
Contributions of every description pour in from
all quarters, to be used fur the purpose of secur-
ing every comfort to her brave sons, who, upon
almost every rccent battle-field, have won imper-
ishable renown. When the citizens of the coun-
try have done and are doing so well, shall we
neglect the high trust which they have confided
to us? They look to this Congress to pass some
measure for the confiscation of the property of
rebels, and I for one am not willing to disappoint
their just expectation. They do not ask it from
any sordid motive, or because of malignant hatred
to "the South, but for the reason that it is neces-
sary to subserve "the ends of justice. Do not let
us palter with them in a double sense, but let us
at oncc come up to the discharge of our obliga-
tions to them and to the Government.
I regard this as one of a series of acts essential
to putdown this rebellion. As ourarmies advance
into the regions where treason is rampant, they
must be subsisted upon the enemy, and it is in-
cumbent upon us to make provision for that pur-
pose. It is a fact not to be disguised that there
are very many men who have waxed fat and grown
rich from the supplies which they have furnished
to our troops at enormous prices—men who at best
only abstain from cooperation in the insurrection
because of the overwhelming forces of the Union
which happen to surround them. They would
like to see this war protracted until the Treasury
was at its last jjasp. What care they for the dis-
tresses that may befall others so long as their cof-
fersare filled with Federal gold,? I would not have,
Mr. President, our soldiers, as they have done in
Virginia, go starving through the rich regions of
their enemies. As ourilagpresses forward toward
the Gulf States, let any of the landed proprietors
who have granaries bursting w£th grain and pas-
tures full of cattle be questioned, and they will
tell you, while refusing food to oursoldiersyexeepi
at starvation rates, that their sons and theirneigh-
bors are in Open hostility to the Federal Govern-
ment. These men, who not long before gave; up
their produce with the freedom of a spendthrift to
support the rebel cause, must not be permitted to
adopta dog-in-the-mangerpolicy when the Union
armies have fought their way into 4heir midst.
What has been the result of the declarations of
our commanding generals, that the property even
of the most venomoussecessionistshall be guarded,
and that to touch it will be followed with the pen-
alty of death ? Only renewed and more astound-
ingextortions upon our troops and upon the Gov-
ernment. Those whose sex protect them from
personal injury may, in their insane fury, insult
our wounded and dying as they are carried to the
hospitals, and yet, as things now are, the estates
where they reside, and which have been aban-
doned by husbands and sons, to join the confed-
erate army, are fruitful only for the enemies of the
Republic, and as unproductive as the desert for the
soldiers of the Union. We must change all this,
and those who have broken the public peace ought
to be made to subsist those who have come to
restore order.- It will have a magnetic effect in
terminating this civil strife, when the southern
people know that they will be compelled to sub-
sist our armies so long as treason shall require
their presence among them. If we pay exorbi-
tantly for subsistence of our troops, the desire
then will be that the war shall be protracted rather
than brought to a speedy termination. Such a
measure as I have indicated is next in importance
to the "one for the confiscation of rebel property,
and I feel assured, in advance, that in casting my
vote for them both, I shall have the hearty ap-
plause of the State which I am proud, in part, to
represent. I know the feeling of the people there.
I know that it is one of undying hostility to this
rebellion and of uncompromising fidelity to the
Government.
It will not, of course, be supposed that I object
to strict orders against soldiers pillaging the prop-
erty even of known rebels. This is right. The
armies of the Government should be subsisted by
the rebels only under regulations prescribed by
the Government, and not by the liberty of indis-
criminate pillage.
There is one instance which I will state: fifty
years ago four brothers left their father's home in
the Green mountains of Vermont, and two of them
settled in Virginia; the remaining two in my own
State. One of the brothers in Virginia died, and
the other brother and his nephew have been among
the promoters of the existing rebellion. One of
them went so far as to contribute $15,000 to arm
his poor relations against this Government. The
brothers in Indiana, whose sons are in the armies
of the Republic, and who have contributed largely
of their means to carry on this war, indignantly
demand that the old homestead of their revolu-
tionary father, now owned by traitor sons, shall be
confiscated to the use of the Government. There
comes up from these loyal men no cringingappeal
for forbearance, but, on the contrary, the expres-
sion of a hope that exemplary punishment shall
be inflicted upon those who have disgraced their
heroic ancestry, and with parricidal hands have
struck at the existence of the Union which gave
them prosperity and protection. This is not a
single case. There are thousands like it; and they
all speak of the noble and unwavering courage of
the citizens of the loyal States.
Mr. President, outside of the loathing and ab-
horrence which I feel towards the conspirators
who instigated this accursed.rebellion, if! know
my own heart, it entertains no unmanly prejudice,
and is fired with no unholy fanaticism against the
southern people. But I cherish the free institu-
tions of America as a sacred legacy to be preserved
at all hazards and at whatever cost. Such, too,
I am confident, is the motive which controls the
people of Indiana. They have been lavish of their
treasure and of their blood to justify their faith by
deeds; and I may be pardoned when I state that
the heroism of her brave sons, in defense of the
integrity of this Government, has more than once
during this war gained thegrateful tribute of praise
from the American people. Full of the patriotism
