1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
of .the ancient republics, they will cling to their
country through every peril, and against all foes,
at home or abroad, with the tenacity of death.
That the nation may live, they will use all the means
which God has given them to suppress this insur-
rection. They believe that these measures will
greatly conduce to that end, and with that view,
and none other, I shall extend to them my hearty
support.
Wo are all united in the sentiment that the in-
tegrity of the Union must be vindicated and its
authority fully restored. Our differences of opin-
ion as to the means of consummating these ob-
jects should not lead us to neglect the employment
of all our just powers in view of the fearful con-
sequences which would ensue from our omission
to do so. If we cannot agree as to the precise
grant of power in the Constitution, we can agree,
if we approach the question in a proper and con-
ciliatory spirit, upon some general and definite
plan of operations, by which we can aid the Pres-
ident in the discharge of his high duty of seeing
that the laws are faithfully executed. If the Con-
stitution has withheld from us the power to dircct
the President, we must, from necessity, possess
the power to advise him; and nobody who knows
the President will doubt that he will receive our
advice in a proper and becoming spirit. Such a
definite plan will relieve him from the unavoidable
consequences which have ensued from the con-
flicting opinions of our commanding generals,
which have already been the occasion of reproach
to us among the Governments of Europe. And
the whole country will then know, as the Army
advances, the precise policy to be established.
The eyes of the whole civilized world are upon
us; and if we expect to excite the admiration of
mankind, we must actas becomes a great nation,
conscious of its integrity and power, and resolved
to maintain both at whatever hazard. If left to
myself to prescribe a course of action, I would
give notice of sixty or ninety days to all who par-
ticipate in the rebellion that they must lay down
their arms and return to their allegiance, or in de-
fault of so doing that they must take all the con-
sequences of their unnatural and most iniquitous
attempt to overthrow and destroy the best Gov-
ernment upon earth. I feel an abiding confidence
that a large proportion of them would rejoicc at
the opportunity to do so, and that such a measure
would be attended with the happiest results, that
t[ie trade and commerce of the country would then
revive as our conquering Army should advance,
and that the end would be the speedy suppression
of the rebellion.
_ I might cite the last news we have from Nash-
ville, and enlarge upon this point. Tennessee was
certainly one of the strongest States that the lead-
ers got into this rebellion, it nerved and strength-
ened the rebellion notonlyin men,butin resources;
and yet it is now demonstrated beyond all contro-
versy that the loyal men of Tennessee are the com-
mercial and the trading men. Hundreds of them
owing money in New York have been saving their
cotton for the last fifteen months and piling it up
in various little places, hoping soon for the deliv-
erance which would enable them to send it to their
creditors to pay their debts. As our Aimy goes
on, these roads will be opened, and this sentiment
of Union should be cultivated, and I believe the
happiest consequences will result. To this end
I would direct all the energies and resources of
the Government, entertaining no sort of doubt
about our powers under the Constitution to do
what the necessities and exigencies of our con-
dition require.
Mr. President, T have sat here restlessly day
after day and heard questions raised such as were
discussed this morning touching the arrest of cer-
tain persons charged with treason. It may be
doubted whether we have really a Government as
yet or not. Violence, lawlessness, and resistance
to established authority are everywhere to be seen.
The very atmospheie is full of treason. I can-
not listen patiently to gentlemen who talk about
power being assumed by a Secretary of State or
by a President. In this dark hour of my coun-
try,-! know no limit to the power of the Presi-
dent to do all he can to suppress the insurrection.
He must make everything bend before that im-
perative duty. I would not question it any more
than I would think of pulling out Blackstone to
inquire what my righr of defense is when the
assassin comes at inc with the steel dagger. I
can say to my respected friend from Kentucky,
in a free State, where the courts are open and
there is no trouble, I think arrests without war-
rant are unjustifiable; but it has been otherwise in
the border slave States. The President and his
Cabinet are not politically my friends; but I look
to them most confidently for the discharge of their
whole duty in these perilous times. So far as
Kentucky was concerned, some improper arrests
may have been made; but there were some that
were not made that ought to have been made.
There sat a man [pointing to the seat formerly
occupied by Mr. Breckinridge] who was nour-
ished, fostered, and honored by the Government,
who abused the high confidence reposed in him to
lead off one third of. the nation into armed rebel-
lion against the best Government on earth. To
him should have been meted out not only impris-
onment, but the extreme penalty of the law. Tell
me not of the danger of preserving this Govern-
ment by the power of a President and Secretary.
Tell me not of the danger of allowing the Presi-
dent to answer whether or not he can say that
certain information cannot be communicated with-
out danger to the public interest. It has been the
practicc of the Government heretofore, even when
calling on the President to communicate treaties
with thegrcatestnationsof the earth, to ask him to
do so provided it is not incompatible with the pub-
lic interest; and shall we now, when treason fills
the very air around us, and we may well say that
it is doubtful whether we have a Government,
(for we are trying to bring order and government
outofanarchy, insurrection, and treason;) tell us,
can we not trust the Administration of the coun-
try to say what is compatible and what is incom-
patible ?
And I would implore the Senate to remember
that in the great and important work before us, it
is our solemn duty to 1 ise up to the ti ue dignity of
statesmen, and lend our cooperation to whatsoever
remedies may be found necessary to heal the dis-
eases of the country, and to remove the poison of
secession from our system of government. When
this shall be done, we shall have the proud satis-
faction of seeing our Government advance, with
rcinvigorated authority, until it shall become what
the fathers of the Republic designed it should be,
the leadingGovernment of the earth—first in mil-
itary power, and greatest in all the elements of
wealth, htip|une>s, and pio.speuty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Caklile
in the chair.) The question before the Senate is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cowan] to refer the matters under consid-
eiation to a electcommittec of seven. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question?
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that motion will
not prevail. It is very apparent that the Senate
are as well prepared to vote on this bill as they
will be after it is referred to the committee pro-
posed by the Senator fiom Pennsylvania. 1 can
see no necessity for the reference. It will create
delay. Indeed,! am rather inclined to think that
is the object of the motion; to postpone, to put
off the action of the Senate on thisquesfion until
it shall be so late that no action can be had. I
hope the motion will not prevail.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I propose
to amend the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,J which I believe is the
amendment now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts is not now in
order, the question pending being the motion to
refer.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let us vote
on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I hope this motion will not pre-
vail. It is made by no friend of the bill; and
therefore I hope every one who is a friend of the '
bill will resist this motion, for it comes from an
enemy.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have a very
few words to say. I made this motion to refer, j|
and I shall be exceedingly gratified if it shall pre- !
vail; 1 think, too, the honorable Senator fiom j
Ohio is peiforming a very ungracious task when |
he charges that it comes from an enemy. 1 would !
like to know, in my place here, how it comes that
certain Senators upon this floor are arrogating to
themselves constantly that they are the friends of
the country to the exclusion of others who have
her interests at heart, I trust, quite as much as
anybody, although they may not blow so many
trumpets before them in the endeavor to execute
their duty towards her.
Mr. WADE. Will the gentleman allow mo?
I see that he misconstrues what I said. I did not
say anything about his enmity to the country* I
believe, however, the Senator is an opponent or
enemy of this confiscation bill. I believe I have
gathered that from his speeches.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly; there is no doubt
about that.
Mr. WADE. If I am mistaken in that, I am
mistaken in what I said; but that is no allusion
to his patriotism or to his being an enemy to the
country.
Mr. COWAN. I am very glad to find that I
misunderstood the honorable Senator from Ohio,
because I understood him to make an appeal to
his party friends to stand by him on this occasion
and prevent this reference, because the motion
came from an enemy.
Mr, WADE. An enemy of the bill.
Mr. COWAN. It would have been very well
to put " of the bill" to it, and then all would have
understood it.
Mr. WADE I spoke of the friends of the bill
and the enemies of the bill.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I hope this ref-
erence will be made, and I think if there ever was
a necessity or an occasion for such a reference, it
is here presented to us now. It is admitted upon
all hands that these bills involve grave questions
of policy and of constitutional law, questions in
the presence of which anybody notheated beyond
the point where reason has sway would stop and
hesitate. If there is any one thing which is better
calculated than another to satisfy us that such is
the fact, look at the number of these bills before
the two Houses. Theie arc no two advocates of
them who can agree upon the plan to be adopted.
We have, I think, six or seven hero, and I am told
there are ten or a dozen in the other House. Why
is that? If this is a plain question, if we have this
power and it is politic to exerci&e it, wheie is the
necessity for all this difference on the paitof gen-
tlemen who ought at least to know what they want
and how to get at it.
Now, sir, ! think the only way by which we
can settle it, rationally, calmly, and wisely, is to
refer it to a committee, chosen impartially. Let
the advocates of all the several schemes be heard
there, and they will have time to discuss and di-
gest such a measure as«may, perhaps, be accept-
able to all.
I have no doubt that we have some power in the
piemifc.es, and in puisuanceof what I conceive to
be the true measure of it, I have myself drawn a
bill in which I propose to push.the punishment
by municipal law against the rebels to the very
verge of its constitutional limits. In this I pro-
pose to amend the old law, the punishment under
which is now death, by adding to it confiscation
of the personal property of the rebel upon his con-
viction, and forfeiture for life of his lands, tene-
ments,and hereditaments when the final judgment
is pronounced upon him. I have also proposed,
in addition to all that, over and above, to insti-
tute m this country a new proceeding, that of out-
lawry. I have proposed that whenever the traitor
cannot be arrested, or having been arrested he has
escaped, the grand jury find a bill against him,
process of outlawry may issue, and after it has
been issued and returned " not found" for three
successive months, that then he shall be putin
the exegit, and when that is done that his personal
property be forfeited absolutely, and when judg-
ment of outlawry is pronounced against him after
having been three times exacted, then the judge
shall forfeit'his lands, tenements, and heredita-
ments for life.
Well, sir, how anybody in Congress, with the
powers we have can go further, I cannot see, un-
less we adopt the theory which seems to be pre-
valent here, that Congiess is, in defiance to the
Constitution, and directly in the teeth of it, the
commander-in-chief of the Army of the United
States. It does seems to me, however, that that
question has been sufficiently discussed already
to satisfy anybody, (unless they are determined
