2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
there is no question of economy in this amend-
ment, for Senators will see by examining the sec-
tion that you give the company land and money
for only one hundred miles in any event. Then
why not let them build a straight road and con-
nect where they please? It would be nothing but
fair, i think that would be perfectly right. I
hope the vote will be reconsidered, and Atchison
stricken out.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope this vote will
not be reconsidered, for the reason that I desire
Congress to settle this question here, and thus pre-
vent a difficulty that will arise between these two
„ States. Missouri has for years refused us a char-
ter from Leavenworth to connect with the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road. The Legislatuie of
Missouri has sternly refused to grant us an outlet
from Leavenworth to the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road. By the insertion of Atchison in this section
you settle the difficulty here, because 1 know,as
does my colleague, that the Legislature of Kan-
sas will affix that condition before they will grant
to this company the authoiity to go through our
State. The question should be settled here. Our
Legislature has so instructed us, and we know the
feeling of our people. I hope the vote will not be
reconsidered.
The question being put, it was declared that the
motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I told the Senator from
Massachusetts that I would make an explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. The vote is simply reconsid-
ered, and the question is now open.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on agieciug to the amendment inserting
these words.
Mr. POMEROY. I wanted the yeas and nays
on the reconsideration.
Mr. SUMNER. You can have them on the
amendment itself just as well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kaunas insist upon a division?
Mr. PO.UEROY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the motion
to reconsider a division is demanded. The Chair
is unwilling to preclude any Senator by any pre-
mature decision of his own in announcing there-
suit of a vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I now want to make an ex-
planation to the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Did the Chair
understand the Senator from Kansas to ask for
the yeas and nays on the motion to reconsider?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Massa-
ch uaetts, who made this motion, is laboring under
an entire mistake. The representations which
have been made to that Senator aie that the inter-
ests of the Hannibal and St. Joseph road demand
this, and as a matter of course he feels an interest
in that road, and it is only reasonable that he
should endeavor to secure its interests; but I think
1 can show the Senator clearly that he is entirely
mistaken in regard to that point. The directors
oi that road have frequently met with me, and I
know they have encouraged and sustained, and
given not only comfort but aid to the efforts that
we were making to extend that road,and they do
run their cais now on the road which we propose
to incorporate as a part of the road to malte the
connection with the great Pacific railway. The
interests of the Hannibal and St. Joseph road arc
entirely secure in tins arrangement. If this was
ar, amendment by which we were to construct
a road frym the center of the Hannibal road, or
from anywhere but the end of it, jf it took any
travel oft chat road, if by this amendment that road
was not enabled to make a direct and sure con-
nect ion , there might be some reason why it should
complain; but by this amendment the entire travel
destined for that road goes along the entire length
of the road. Not one foot of travel is cut off from
the road. As •for the information given to the
Senator that they have a charter to extend through
qui State, I assure him that there is not a shadow
ot truth in it. in the first place, they have never
applied for such a charter, and of course they
have none. I never befoic heard it suggested that
they h.idn charter to run through our "State.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Senator
it there is not a company chartered in Kansas on
a direct line west?
Mi. POMEROY. I will answer the Senator,
as he desires to know, that there is a man who is
known in Missouri by the name of Jeff Thomp-
son, who was the Mayor of this delectable city of
St. Joseph until he organized a band and went into
this war. He was engaged in constructing a road
in our State, opposite St. Joseph, and under a
charter procured from the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas, not from the State. Ail the difficulties
that have arisen in regard to this whole enterprise
have grown out of that effort on the part of Mis-
souri to direct and control the trade and business
of our State into this town of St. Joseph, and the
only man I have ever known prominent and anx-
ious and the controlling spirit in that enterprise,
has been this Jeff Thompson; and this amend-
ment, if it was rightfully characterized, would be
considered as the movement of JefFThompson and
nobody else; and when the Senator from Massa-
chusetts lends his aid to that border-ruffian move-
ment which we have been fighting for eight years,
he takes a ground that he never has taken before.
I have supposed that if that Senator was true to
anything, as I believed he was true to everything,
he would certainly be true to the sentiment of op-
position to border ruffianism.
But, Mr. President, I want only to say, for I
know the Senate do not like to hear this matter
discussed further, that this road is of necessity
compelled, as the bill now stands, to make its con-
nection Within one hundred miles, and it cannot
make that connection without going south. This
is a deflection to the south; but it is obliged to
deflect that way or else you have to amend your
bill in another respect, and not have it connect
with this road at ail; but as you have compelled
the connection with this road, andas the bill says
it must be made within one hundred miles, they
are of necessity compelled to make this connec-
tion south of Atchison.
I do not wish to disguise the fact that our Le-
gislature felt such an interest in this subject that
they unanimously instructed their Senators to vote
for the bill as reported by Mr. Rollims, the Rol-
lins bill, which had this very amendment in it, and
they were anxious foi it on that account, as it se-
cures a connection with our capital, and if the
State is to have any benefit it will result by secur-
ing a connection in that direction. But I want to
say to the Senator from Massachusetts another
thing. Suppose you do extend these two lines
directly west,parallel with cach other, thii ty miles
apart, for that will be about the average distance,
in that way yon weaken both o^them. It will be
about the same distance from the Iowa road start-
ing at Omaha, as fiom the load up the Platte val-
ley. In that way you incur the difficulty that the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. DoolIttle] said
all our roads ate now subject to, which is that we
run them parallel to each other at only short dis-
tances, dividing the trade, weakening their influ-
ence, rendering them incapable of paying the in-
terest on their bonds, and producing a great public
inconvenience, rather than a convenience.
1 know the Senate is impatient, and I will
only suy further that we have discussed this very
point for three successive days; and the Senator
fiom Ohio very well lernat ked that he did not be-
lieve that, after the Senate for three successive days
had settled one question by yeas any nays twice
and by a division once, they would now proceed
to reconsider their vote and strike out or change
these branches.
Air. HENDERSON. I regret very much that
the Senator from Kansas has thought fit to refer
to what he terms " border-ruffian3'difficulties. Un-
fortunately, thei e have been some "bordet -ruffian "
difficulties there, but I do not think the Senate of
the United States ought to punish Missuuti es-
pecially for them; and for this simple reason: al-
though I regretted them extremely at all times,
Missouri has never got any advantage of Kansas
on that subject. Now, if it be true that the Legis-
lature of_ Kansas desires that this load shall go
by Atchison, let me submit to the good sense of
every gentleman on th s floor, whether the road
can be built through Kansas, except by a charter
from the Legislature of Kansas; and what is the
use of the Senate restricting it, and forcing the
L^gtslatme of Kansas to chartcr a company lo
run m this particular direction, orelsc get no aid?
What are the Senators doing? They aie simply
saying that unless wo carry the road in that way,
we shall not have a dollar of aid, although every !
man in the State of Kansas, except the two Sen- 1
ators, is in favor of it. I do not know how that
thing stands, nor do I care. It is a simple ques-
tion of right or wrong. If the people of Kansas
desire to say that as a condition of this aid for
one hundred miles the route shall go by Atchison
they can say so; but there is no necessity for this
Senate saying it.
Now, in regard to JefFThompson. The Sena-
tor says that Jeff Thompson was the Mayor of St.
Joseph, and was somehow connected with those
borderdifficulties,and thatMissouri hasattempted
to control the affairs of Kansas. I have never done
so. I feci as much attached to the true interests of
Kansas as the Senator himself. I think I have
manifested a disposition on this floor to do every-
thing that I could for the true interests of Kansas.
The interests of Kansas are the interests of Mis-
souri. The Senator said that JefFThompson was
the Mayor of St. Joseph. From the very moment
he became a disloyal man the people of St. Joseph
drove him from that town, and if, perchance, he
was the Mayor of the city at a previous date, it
turns out that the Kansas Legislature had as much
confidence in him as the city of St. Joseph, for the
reason that they authorized him to build a road
eastand west through theStateofKansas,as I can
hear of no other corporator from the remarks of
the gentleman. If he was fit to build a railroad
through Kansas, it may not be strange that he
might possibly at one day have been Mayor of St.
Joseph; but that has nothing to do with this ques-
tion and it is unfortunately biought in. I regret
extremely that it has been brought in because I can
see no conflict between the interests of St. Joseph
and the interests of the State of Kansas; between
the interests of Missouri and the interests of every
State east and west of it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The charter to which
the gentleman alludes was granted while Kansas
was controlled by the filibusters of Missouri. Jeff
Thompson obtained this charter when the filibus-
ters of M issouu controlled, by fiaud and villainy,
the Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. SUMNER. Does it go back to that time?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, fir; so I am in-
formed. There is another remark I have to make.
When my heart ceases to beat, and not until then,
will I permit any gentleman here or elsewhere to
state thatKansas is to be compared with Missouri
in the outrages she has committed. In 1855,1856,
1857, and 1858 the outrages were all upon one
side; Kansas acted exclusively upon the defens-
ive; and [ defy that gentleman or any other gen-
tleman to point to any body of Kansans who ever
invaded the Territory of Missouii or stuffed her
ballot-boxes or attempted to do so. We have in
the discharge of our duty to the flag and the coun-
try marched into Missouri byoideis of the Gov-
ernment, to crush out rebellion, since the com-
mencement of this struggle. Never before did
Kansas invade Missouri. And I take the liberty
here of saying that the chargc preferred recently
by the Governor of Missouri against the troops
of Kansas in his message to a convention of that
State, of which the Senator was a member, is false
and slanderous, unjust and disgraceful to him as
a man and as a Governor. The troops of Kansas
marched into Missouri for the purpose of crush-
ing out rebellion, and did nothing but what was
necessary in the discharge of their duty and in
obedience to orders to crush out such men as Jeff
Thompson, and those who have ruled and would
still control the destinies of St. Joseph. To-day
the Senator from Massachusetts is endeavoi mg to
aid a town in Missouri at the expense of a Kan-
sas town, that has to be kept in subjection by an
anny of the troops of the United States; to dis-
cuminate against loyal Atchison in favor of dis-
loyal St. Joseph. That is the position which the
Senator fiom Massachusetts occupies to-day, and
I do deeply regret it, for f know that he has been
as true to the interests of freedom and to Kansas
as any Senator upon this floor. I know, Mr.
President, that the noble defense of that Senator
upon this floor of struggling Kansas well nigh cost
him his life.
Mr. President, I stated in the outset that the
desire I had was that the Senate might settle this
question here. I do honn that the difficulties be-
twci n Missouri and Kansas may sometime be
settled, and kind feeling established, and I avail
myself of this opportunity to snv t!< \t 1 traversed
the borders of Kansas and Missouri from north
to south before these troubles commenced, ap-
