358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[.June 2,
37th Cons....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. XC.—Ah Act for the survey of Grants or
Claims of Land.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jhnerica in Congress
assembled, That all claims or grants of land in any
of the States or Territories of the United States,
derived from any foreign country or Government,
shall be surveyed under the direction of the proper
officers of the Government of the United States
upon the application of the parties claiming or
owning the same, and at their expense, which
shall be paid or secured to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Interior before the work shall be
performed; but nothing in the law requiring the
executive officers to survey land claimed or granted
under any laws of the United States shall be con-
strued either to authorize such officers to pass
upon the validity of the titles granted by or under
such laws, or ).o give any greatereffect to the sur-
veys made by them than to make such surveys
prima facie evidence of the true location of the land
claimed or granted, nor shall any such grant be
deemed incomplete for the want of a survey or
patent when the land granted maybe ascertained
without a survey or patent.
Approved, June 2, 1862.
Chap. XCI.—An Act to allow the State of Cali-
fornia an additional Representative in the Thir-
ty-Seventh Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That as the census has never been reli-
ably taken in the State of Californiauntil the year
eighteen hundred and sixty, and as it appears that
the said State had sufficient population to entitle
her to three Representatives in the Thirty-Scv-
enth Congress, and as three Representatives have
been duly elected to the Thirty-Seventh Congress
under the supposition that the said State was enti-
tled to the same, as appears by the certificate of
the Governor thereof, and as direct taxes have
been apportioned to and paid by said State under
the census of eighteen hundred and sixty, there-
fore the said State shall be allowed three Repre-
sentatives in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and
for that purpose the whole number of Represent-
atives is hereby increased one, until the beginning
of the Thiity-Eighth Congress.
Approved, June 2, 1862.
Chap. XCII.—An Act abolishing certain Collec-
tion Districts and reducing Compensation of
Officers of Customs in California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jhnerica in'Congress
assembled, That the collection districts of Monte-
rey, San Diego, Sacramento, Sonoma, Sjr> Joa-
quin, and San Pedro, heretofore established by
law, are hereby abolished, and the same attached
to the collection district of San Francisco; and
there shall be appointed, in the usual manner,an
inspectoi at each of the following places: Monte-
rey, Snn Diego, Sacramento, Benieia, Stockton,
San Pedro; and the salary of each of the said in-
spectors shall be one thousand dollars per annum.
Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That from and
a.tcr the first day of Juiy, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, the annual compensation of the col-
lector of the customs for the district of San Fran-
cisco shall be six thousand dollars; of the naval
officer, four thousand five hundred dollais; of the
surveyor, four thousand dollais; of the principal
appraisers, twenty-five hundred dollars each; and
of the assistant appraisers, two thousand dollars
each; and the office of an additional appraiser gen-
eral to he employed on the Pacific coast, created
by the act of Congress entitled " An act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year endmo- the
thirtieth of June,eighteen hundredandfifty-fotir "
approved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, be and the same is hereby abolished.
Approved, June 2,1852.
CriAp. XCUI.—An Act to prevent and punish
Fraud on the part of Officers intrusted with
making of Contracts tor the Governmentj
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jhnerica in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of War, of the Secretary of the Navy, and
of the Secretary of the Interior, immediately after
the passage of this act, to cause and require every
contract made by them, severally, on behalf of
the Government, or by their officers under them
appointed to make such contracts, to be reduced
to writing, and signed by the contracting parties
with their names at the end thereof, a copy of
which shall be filed by the officer making and
signing the said contract in the " Returns Office"
of the Department of the Interior (hereinafter es-
tablished for that purpose) as soon after the con-
tract is made as possible, and within thirty days,
together with all bids, offers, and proposals to
him made by persons to obtain the same, as also
a copy of any advertisement he may have pub-
lished inviting bids, offers, or proposals for the
same; all the said copies and papers in relation to
each contract to be attached together by aribbon
and seal, and numbered in regular order numer-
ically, according to the number of papers compos-
ing the whole return.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the further duty of the said officer, before mak-
ing his return, according to the first section of this
act, to affix to the same his affidavit in the follow-
ing form, sworn to before softie magistrate having
authority to administer oaths: "I do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that the copy of contract hereto
annexed is an exact copy of a contract made by
me personally with ; that I made the same
fairly without any benefit or advantage to myself,
or allowing any such benefit or advantage cor-
ruptly to the said  , or any other person;
and that the papers accompanying include all
those relating to the said contract, as required by
the statute in such case made and provided." And
any officer convicted of falsely and corruptly
swearing to such affidavit, shall be subject to all
the pains and penalties now by law inflicted for
willful and corrupt perjury.
Seo. 3. And be it further enacted, That any offi-
cer making contracts, as aforesaid, and failing or
ncglectingto make returns of the same, according
to the provisions of this act, unless from unavoid-
able accident and not within his control, shall be
deemed, in every case of such failure or neglect,
to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be punished by a fine of not less
than one hundred dollars, nor more than five hun-
dred dollars, and be imprisoned for not more than
six months, at the discretion of the court trying
the same.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thnt it shall
be the duty of the Seeietary of the Interior, im-
mediately after the passage of this act, to provide
a fit and proper apartment in his Department, to
be called the " Returns Office," within which to
file the returns required by this act to be filed, and
to appoint a clcrk to attend to the same, who shall
be entitled to an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars, and whose duty it shall be to file all re-
turns made to said office, so that the same may
be of easy access, filing all returns made by the
same officer in the same place, aud numbering
them as they are made in numerical order. He
shall also provide and keep an index book, with
the names of the contracting parties, and the num-
ber of each andevery contract opposite to the said
names; and he shall submit the said index book
and returns to any peison desiring to inspect the
same; and lie shall also furnish copies of said re-
turns to any person paying for said copies to said
cleik, at the rate of five cents for every one hun-
dred woids, to which said copies certificates shall
be appended in every ease by the cleik making
the same, attesting their correctness, and that each
copy so certified is a full and complete copy of
said return; which return, so certified under the
seal of the Department, shall be evidence in all
prosecutions under this act.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of War, of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and of the Secretary of the
in tenor, immediately after the passage of lis is act,
tofiumsh each and every officer severally ap-
pointed by them with authority to make contracts
on behalf of the Government, with a printed letter
of instructions, setting forth the duties of such
officer under .this act, and also to furnish there-
with forms, printed in blank, of contracts to be
made, and the affidavit of returns required to be
affixed thereto, so that ull the instruments may be
as neatly uniform as possible.
Approved, June 2, 18G2.
Chap. XCIV.—An Act to establish a Land Office
in Colorado Territory, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all the lands belonging to the Uni-
ted States, to which the Indian title has been or
shall be extinguished, shall be subject to the oper-
ations of the preemption act of the fourth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and forty-one, and
under the conditions, restrictions, and stipulation.5?
therein mentioned: Provided^ however, That when
unsurveyed lands are claimed by preemption, no-
tice of the specific tracts claimed shall be filed
within six months after the survey has been made
in the field; and on the failure to file such notice,
or to pay for theiract claimed within twelvemonths
from the filing of such notice, the parties claiming
such lands shall forfeit all right thereto, provided
said notices may be filed with the Surveyor Gen-
eral, and to be noted by him on the township
plats, until other arrangements have been made
by law for that purpose.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
public lands within the Territory of Colorado, to
which the Indian title is or shall be extinguished,
shall constitute a new land district, to be called
.the Colorado district; and the Presidentis hereby
authorized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a register and receiver of
public moneys for said district, who shall be re-
quired to reside at the place at which said office
shall be located, and they shall have the same
powers, perform the same duties, and be entitled
to the same compensation as are or may be pre-
scribed by law in relation to land offices of the
United States in the State of Kansas.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That an act
entitled "An act to graduate [and reduce] the price
of the public lands to actual settlers and cultiva-
tors," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 2, 1865.
Chap. XCV.—An Act to establish certain Post
Routes, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
post roads:
california.
From San Juan to New Idria.
From San Diego, via Santa Isabel, to Buena
Vista.
From San Diego, via San Luis Rey, San Juan
Capistrano, and Anaheim, to the city of Los
Angelos.
From Chico to Humbug Valley.
From Gtuincy to Richmond.
From Cuison, Nevada Territory, to Aurora,
California.
From Lancha Plana, via Poverty Bar, Jenny
Lind, Brushville, Salt Spring Valley, Copperop-
olis, and Jcflfersonvide, to Sonora.
CONNECTICUT.
From New Milford to Washington.
1xdiana.
Fiom Valparaiso, via Tassinong and Gams
BiiJge, to Rensselaer.
£ com Livonia, via Claysvdlo, to Campbells-
burg.
From Columbus, via Bethany, New Bellsville,
and Christiansburg:, to Houston.
From Rensselaer, via Meadville and Brook, to
Kent Station.
Fiom Kendallville, via Rome and Wolcottville,
to La Grange Centre.
From Outlet, Indiana, via "West Creek, Slu r-
burn ville, and Yellow Head, to Momcnce, Illinois.
From Madison, via Middle Fork, Big Creek,
Churchill's Mill, and Bcnville, to Butlerville.
From Mount Carmci, Indiana, to Harrison,
Ohio.
From New Point, via Rossburg and Saint
Maurice, to Clarksburg.
From Madison, via North Madison, Middle
Fork, Big Creek, Churchill's Mills, and BenvilK
to Butlenmlle.
