1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S8F
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion upon the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let mo say to the gentle-
man from Illinois that I see the salary proposed
to be paid to this Commissioner of Agriculture is
$5,000. It occurs to me that it is too much.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is not now in order. I
have called for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment moved by Mr.
Mallory to strike out in the fourth section the
words "may be necessary," and insert " Con-
gress may from time to time prescribe," was
agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I not? move the previous
question upon the engrossment and third reading:
of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I now offer the second
amendment I suggested.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has moved the previous question upon the en-
grossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. One word of in-
formation from the Chair: as the bill now stands,
is the provision in reference to the salary, $5,000,
or $3,000?
, The SPEAKER. Five thousand dollars.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is evi-
dently a mistake as to the extent of the amend-
ment which has just been adopted. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] offered an
amendment to the fourth section of the bill. It
was in two parts, and yet it was one amendment.
But one branch of that amendment has been acted
on. The gentleman from Illinois was willing, I
understood, that both branches should be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky twice that his amendment
could not be received in that shape except by unan-
imous consent, as no amendment could be in order,
save one, and an amendment to that. The second
amendment was not an amendment to the first, and
the gentleman from Illinois could not accept it,
because the bill was reported from a committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will withdraw his demand for
the previous question, that I may move to amend
the fourth section by stri king out the words " occa-
sion may require" and insert, "Congress may
from time to time provide."
Mr. HOLMAN. I object, unless the with-
drawal is unconditional.
The SPEAKER. Ifthegentlemanfrom Illinois
yields to an amendment, he loses the right to the
floor.
' Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Certainly; but I
say to the gentleman that I will renew the call
for the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If we vote down the
previous question, cannot we then reduce that
salary?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; if there is a ma-
jority in favor of it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and I desire to say a word
in explanation, if the House will indulge me. I
yielded to the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, to the fourth line of the fourth section,
because I thought it proper, as it referred to the
permanent employes of the Department. The
second amendment did not seem appropriate, be-
cause it referred to a class of employes that are
only temporary, whose employment should be
left to the discretion of the Department.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. It is easy in the
appropriation bills to fix th« number from year to
year.
Mr. COX. I wantthcearofthegcntleman from
Illinois one moment. I am a friend of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois yields unconditionally, I have no objection.
Mr LOVEJOY. I will admit the gentleman
from Ohio to move that the fourth ssction be
amended by striking out the words " occasion
may require" and insert "Congress may from
time to time provide;" and upon that I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the ]
main'qucslion ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague is not en- !
titled to hold the floor after the question has been
put to the House. I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Love-
joy] is entitled to the floor to move the previous
question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to say that I have no
preference i n this matter; but it seems to be the gen-
eral wish that time should not be consumed in the
discussion of this bill, which commends itself very
generally to the House. "Department"and "bu-
reau" are interchangeable terms, and I will, there-
fore, move to strike out "Department" where it
occurs in the fourth line of the first section, and
insert "bureau" in lieu thereof; and on that mo-
tion I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor to move the previous question, but not
to offer an amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move the previous
question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague aban-
doned his right to the floor when he moved to
amend the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman, and then stated to him what his rights
were.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I dr> not want to be cap-
tious about this matter; but if the Chair decides
that my colleague, after the House has decided on
his proposition, is entitled to the floor as a matter
of right, then I must respectfully appeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
state his question of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The point of order is,
that when my colleague moved an amendment,
and when the House had acted upon it, he was not
then entitled to the floor as a matter of right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to have
a passage in relation to the practice of the House
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"A member who has once spoken may be recognized to
move the previous question."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
raises the question of oi dei that his colleague was
not entitled to be recognized to move the previous
question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; the Chair does
not state my point of order correctly. My point
of order is, that when a gentleman rises and moves
an amendment, and the House acts upon that
amendment, or proposition, whatever it is, he is
not then entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to call the
attention of the gentleman to the 67th page of the
Manual.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am familiar with it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
passage.
The Clerk read, as follows: ♦
" By pailiamentary courtesy tlic member, upon whose
motion tlic subject is brought before the House, is first en-
titled to the floor. So, too, it is an invariable practice for
the Speaker, at every new stage of the bill or proposition,
to recognize first the member who lias had charge of it, but
to be entitled to such recognition lie must, in all cases, be
a claimant for the floor at the same time with others."
Mr. RICHARDSON. I recognize that as cor-
rect doctrine. But what is it? It is, that when
a gentleman makes a proposition to amend a bill
then he is entitled to the floor. That is parlia-
mentary courtesy. But when the House has acted
upon that proposition, then he ceases to have that
right. That is the point I make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point; but it is not this case. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] is entitled to the floor to
move the previous question, if he chooses to do so.
Does the gentleman raise a point of order on that?
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the chairman of
the Committee on Agriculture to admit an amend-
ment to reduce the salary of this Commissioner of
Agriculture to £3,000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I cannot.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
moved on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the consent of the
House to submit an amendment, and I will leave
it for the House to decide.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to that.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. A.LDUICH. I ask the gentleman fiom
Illinois to yield to me a moment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I cannot do it. * -
The questioti was taken on the demand for the
previous question; and the Hou,se refused to sec-
ond said demand. " '•
Mr. RICHARDSON. I moye.to amend thb
bill by reducing the salary of this Commissioner
of Agriculture from $5,000 to p,O0Q. - ' - • .
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is just what I wanted to
do myself. -
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question on the amendment.
Mr. BAKER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question, that I may move an
amendment to insert $2,500 instead of |3,000. '
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will agree to that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I decline to yield.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, Mr. Rich-
ardson's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the word "De-
partment" wherever it occurs in the bill, and to
insert " bureau" in lieu thereof; and on that
amendment I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only
apply to that point in the bill where the word
"first" occurs, unless by unanimous consent it
apply to the whole bill.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
Mr. COX. Then I move the amendment at the
first point in the bill where the word occurs, and
I will follow it up.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX demanded tellers on his amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Babbitt and
Oi.in were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now move the previous
question on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it.was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 122, nays_7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Joseph Baity, Baker, Baxter, Biddle, Bingham,
Francis P. Blair, Jacob 11. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
George II. Biovvne, Buffinton, Burnham, Calvert, Camp-
bell, Chamberlin, Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Koscoe
Conkling, Conway, Covode, Cox, Crittenden, Cutler,
Davis, Diven, Duel!, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely,-English, Fesscnden, Franchot, Frank, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gurley, Haight, Hale, Han-
chett, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, Hutchins, Johnson,
Julian, Kelley, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Law,
Leary, Loom is, Lovejoy, McKnight, McPhcrson^ Mallory,
Marston, Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P. Morrill, Noble, Noeli, Norton;OdeIl,Ofin, Patton, Pike,
Pomeroy, Porter, Price, John II. Itice, Riddle, Edward H.
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Shiel, Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Stratton, Beniamm F.ThcSnas, Train,Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Voorliees, Wall,
Wallace, Charles W. Walton, JG. P. Walton, Ward, Wasli-
burne, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White, Chil-
ton A. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, Worcester,
and Wright—192.
NAYS—Messrs. William G. Brown, Frederick A. Conk-
ling, Cravens, Hall, Ilolinan, Wad-sworth, and Wickliffs
—7.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr. Dawes was con-
fined to his house by sickncss.
Mr. ANCONA made a similar statement in
reference to Messrs. Lazear and Cooper.
Mr. COX stated that Messrs. Morris and Nu-
gen had gonehomeon accountof sickness in their
families.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed;and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
