8.58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
that the Senate had passed the following act and
joint resolutions, in which he was directed to ask
.the concurrence of the House.
' An act (No. 128) to change and regulate the
terms of tile circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States in the northern district of New York;
Joint resolution No. 36, limiting the compen-
sation .of collectors of the customs, naval officers,
and other officeis employed in the collection of
.the customs;
Joint resolution No. £5, prescribing the mode
of paying the awards authorized by the act of2d
ofMorch, 1861, for settling the Washington and
Oregon war debt; and
. Joint resolution No. 51, giving the thanks of
Congress to the officers, soldiers, and seamen of
the Army and Navy for their gallantry in the re-
cent brilliant victories over the enemies of the
Union and the Constitution.
LAKE AND KIVElt DEFENSES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Joint Committee on
Printing,reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That toil thousand extra copies of the leport
of the select coininiuec on the detents of the great lakes
and rivers Ite punted foi the nse of the House.
JOSEPH 0. G. KENNEDY.
Mr NOELL, by unanimous consent, reported,
from the Committee of Claims, a bill for the relief
of Joseph C. G. Kennedy; which was read u. first
and second tune, apd referred to a Committee of
• the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
.POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL!
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
• corduigly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wiiekleb
■in the chair,) and resumed ihu consideration of
bill of the House No. 259, making appropriations
for the supportof the Post Office Department, for
the year ending 30lh June, 1863; on which the gen-
tleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Arnold] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. AKNOLD. Mr. Chairman, twenty mil-
lions of people are to-day rejoicing over a great
victory, the most brilliant of this war. This is
no time to be talking about Cull Run, and making
inquiries as to who was responsible for that dis-
aster; rather let us rejoice in this most glorious
victory at Port Donelson.
In the midst of the universal joy which the
intelligence which has just been read gives to
every patriotic heart, 1 doubt my ability to any
extent io command the attention of the committee.
Every heart is thrilled and every ear is listening
to the tick of the telegraph to catch the details of
thin most gloiious triumph. With all our it'-
joicing we do not forget that our friends, our
neighbors, our associates, some of our colleagues,
were on that bloody field. Who among them has
had a glorious death' who will rejoice in honor-
able wounds,? who come out unscathed from the
fight? are questions yet unanswered. And while
these questions remain unanswered I am in no
condition to speak; but as the House has decided
not lo adjourn, Twill try to go on.
Mr. Chairman, let me say to my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Guri.eyJ " all's well that ends well."
'• Let tile dead p;e.t buty in dead,
Act. art hi the living pt<-v;nt "
The complaints of the inactivity of the Ann}r.
the blockade of the Potomac, Ball's Bluff, are, as
L believe, among the things which arc past, nnd
however much to be deplored are now remediless.
I trust that inactivity i« at an end, and that heic-
after events, rapid and decisive, will follow each
other.
The glorious column at the West i.s penetrating,
nay, nay, has pencil died, the heai t and renter of
this l e he li ion. Mouths ago (he President lemai ked
that the late of the msMrucd'Mi was to he .settled
in the valley of the Miasinsippu Let it he so set-
llcd; if, indeed, it is not already settled. Give fr"e
scope to we-stn n courage, enet^y, entci pi ise, and
earnestness and it wdl be settled, and speedily.
The national heart has long throUie„d with im-
patience. The people- with u generosity, an un-
selfish patriotism without a pauillel m histoiy,
have responded to the call of the Government, and
placed men and money without limit at its com-
mand. The six hundred and fifty thousand gal-
lant citizen soldiers now beneath your flag, have
long been straining upon the curb, and have been
eager and impatient to be hurled upon the enemy.
The people have waited long, and with a patience
that is heroic, for decided action. Days, weeks,
and months have gone by; they have seen their
money poured out like water, the season passing
away, and still they have trusted and continued
to trust; but, thank God, they are at length grati-
fied by decisive movements. There is manhood,
and vigor, arid vim now at the helm, which is
using effectively the vast means at the control of
the Government. The people heretofore have
been everywhere exclaiming, " let the avenging
thunderbolt be sped. Let the traitors be crushed.
Let the gloved hand be replaced by the steel-clad
gauntlet, and, in God's name, strike, root and
branch, spare not the guilty." How often have
they impatiently asked, 44 Is it not time that
traitors and their sympathizers were taught that
Government is not moral suasion, but authority
armed with power, and in its own right hand the
sword of vengeance, nay, not of vengeance, but of
justice?" 1 believe, before God, that the time has
come; and 1 trust the man has come to smite.
The holyday work of war has gone. "War
itself is at hand in all its stern, grim aspects, and
vigorous, hard blows are to be struck, perhaps to
be received also; but the days of words, of plead-
ing with our " misguided brethren" have passed,
and the fact is now to be recognized that we are
at war, and at war with traitors. I am willing
to place my humble opinion on record, that noth-
ing which stands in the way of our success, no
clement of rebel power, not even their slaves, if
exhibited as an ally and as an element of strength
to the icbels, will be spared. The time has come
•when severity to the rebels is mercy to the loyal
citizens. The rebellion must bo suppressed,and
if slavery stands in the way, it too must be crushed
out.
I wish also to express the opinion that when
the contest becomes hot and earnest, as it shortly
will, no qualified or conditional loyalty will be
tolerated.
I was gratified to hear the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] declare the other
day, that if the issue came between the Union and
constitutional liberty on the one hand and slavery
on the other, and both could not stand, he should
nothesitate " towipcoutthat institution." These
are his words:
" I will say, while ] am lip, in response to the que&tion
propounded to my venerable colleague, [Mi. YVickliffe,]
that, so far as 1 understand the feelings oi the people of that
State—aticn^tf can qivc, without hesitation, my own opin-
ion on the puhject—that it they ever come to rcgaul the in-
stitution ot'slaveiy arf standing in the way of this Union, or
of constitutional liberty, they will not hesitate to wipe out
that, institution."
It was a noble declaration, worthy of the earlier
and prouder days of Kentucky, worthy of the
State of Henry Clay. It was a sentiment which
Clay would have echoed had he been living. Ere
three months pass, every member from Kentucky
will, I trust, respond to that sentiment. We shall
have no tlncats that if we do this or that Ken-
tucky will leave us. No; Kentucky, through all
her Representatives, and from every battle-field m
the valley of the Mississippi, will declare that she
has nailed the old stars and stripes to the mast, and
come what may, she will cling to the old flag.
The crime of this rebellion has yet to be fully
appreciated. One year ago, our country every-
where was peaceful, prosperous, and happy. We
had just passed through the election of President,
and, for the first time in our history, a party or-
ganized to check the advance and arrest the des-
potism of shiveiy, had elected a President. A
generous and law-abiding people, conscious of
their own integrity, and trustful and confiding in
ihat of othess, never dreamed of the existence of
this wide-spieau, treacherous, most barbarous
consphacy. Long were they incredulous of its
existence. The slave power still held control of
the Supreme Comt, of Congress, and, indeed, of
every Department of the Government, except the
Executive. While the people were waiting the
inauguration of the President they had elected,
they were slow to believe that the Government
was in the coiuiol of a band of perjured conspira-
tors, who at that moment were robbing the Treas-
luy, stealing the public arms, plundqring the pub-
lic property, betraying us to foreign nations, and
stealthily pieparing to deliver the country, bound
hand and foot, to the traitors. There is no doubt
now but that the chief conspirators — Davis,
Floyd, Slidell, Mason, and others—intended to
add to the crimes of larceny, perjury, conspiracy,
and treason, the crime of assassination. It was
intended to assassinate President Lincoln!-
These great criminals, the instruments of the
slave power, are responsible for all the evils now
coming upon our country. Every life which has
been sacrificed, ever dollar expended, every out-
rage committed, is the direct result of this blackest
conspiracy known in modern history.
Sir-, you hang a man for murder. How can you
adequately punish these conspirators and traitors?
Go, sir, into the camps and hospitals of your sol-
diers around this capital; go to the barracks at
Cairo; go to the prison at Richmond, where our
soldiers were lately confined and shot to gratify
the brutal hatred of rebel soldiers; go to the blood-
stained fields of Missouri and Kentucky; go to
Belmont and Ball's Bluff, to the glorious field of
Fort Donelson; go to the cabin of the frontier set-
tler, to the farm-house and cottage of the New
England volunteer; find the widows and the or-
phans whose husbands and fathers have been slain
in battle or destroyed by disease in this war; see
industry paralyzed and general depression of com;
merce; look forward a little and anticipate the day
when the last cow of the family may be taken to
pay the enormous taxes of this war; then look at
haughty, arrogant England chuckling at our di-
visions, insulting us with impunity; our glory
obscured; our flag dishonored; and remembering
the proud position we once occupied, tell me, if
you can, what is an adequate punishment for those
traitors who have brought all these evils upon
our country ?
I wish to impress upon the American people
this truth: slavery has done all this. Slavery is
the traitor. Slavery is the rebellion. If you had
not had slavery, you would have had no rebellion.
Butfor slavery, to-day all would have been peace,
harmony, and fraternity. But for slavery, our
flag would have waved over all our territory; but
for slavery that flag would have been respected
and honored throughout the world; butfor sla-
very, the six hundred and fifty thousand gallant
soldiers now in the field would have been at home
around their own firesides. I wish every soldier
in the ranks to feel that slavery has called him
from his family, his home, and peaceful pursuits.
I wish every maimed and wounded man in every
hospital to feel that it was slavery that caused his
sufferings, i wish every widow and orphan—
made such by this war—in every loyal home, to
feel that it was slavery that struck down the hus-
band and the father.
When, for the enormous debts of this war, the
tax-gatherer wrings the hard-earned pittance of
honest industry, let it be ever remembered that
every dollar which is paid is wrung fiom the peo-
ple by this accursed institution of slavery. Let
these facts sink into the hearts of the people
I have said that but for slavery we should have
had no rebellion. I will go further and say,that
had our Government adhered to the Jeffersoman
policy of restricting slavery, as in the ordinance
of 17S7, we should have had no rebellion. It was
Us aggressive dominating spirit, petted and pam-
pered by northern sycophants, which led to its
determination to rule or to destroy the country.
A few words upon the question: How shall we
treat the property cf rebels ? The traitors are fill-
ing their tieasury with the property of loyal citi-
zens, confiscated to rebel uses. They arc carry-
ing on the war with $ur arms, which they have
stolen; with our treasure, which they have plun-
dered; by officers which the nation trained and
educated, whom they have seduced. They seize
and confiscate the pioperty of all loyal citizens
wherever they can lay their hands upon it. So
long as we refuse to take the property of rebels
treason is rewarded with security, and loyalty
suffers for its fidelity. Meanwhile some of our
commanders have been talking of these traitors as
our brethren, our misguided brethren. Thus far
our Government has indeed been long-suffering.
No thief has been convicted, no icbel hung, no
spy has been executed. The boast of the South
Carolinians, that this Government was not strong
enough to hang a traitor, hns yet to be juactically
disproved. Nay, sympathizers with traitors and
