THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
instead of condemning them, charging them with
treason, and imputing; to them the worst of crimes.
But let us not demoralize the Army* and make the
genera! so fearful, having so little of the confidence
of his fellow-citizens and of this Congress espe-
cially, that he will falter in his duty and tread as
though he were in si i ppery places. I say strengthen
his arms, hold up his hands, rather than weaken
them, until'the rebellion is Suppressed; and then
it will be time enough calmly and deliberately to
'determine how we shall judge him, how deal with
the leaders of the rebellion, and how many of them
We shall punish for their offenses. I have not a
word to say in extenuation of their offense. I feel
just as sensibly as any other man the enormities
of it. When eight hundred thousand square miles
of territory are laid desolate, when the grass is
growing in the streets of their cities, unless it be
kept down by the tread of armed men, when there
are no crops in their fields, when war rages every-
where, all over it—if any man wants to enhance
or heighten that picture of terror I do not know
where he would go. 1 feel, then, I think, as sen-
sibly as anybody else, the crime and the offense of
these men; but, as! said before, this does not jus-
tify me in doing anything and everything which
I might suppose was proper to bo done m order
to punish it. It is well to remember, it has been
stated on this floor, properly stated, that the things
which the Constitution prohibits us from doing
are not those things that nobody would think of
doing; they are not the open, palpable absurdities
that would enter into no man's head as a remedy
in a case of this kind; no, sir, they are plausibil-
ities, things that look as though they were going
to work well, and which have seduced the world
into the practice of them down to the formation
of our Constitution; and there, perhaps for the first
time, was there a barrier expressly set up to pre-
vent us from injuring ourselves as people had done"
before by adopting-them.
Suppose you confiscate the real estate of the
rebels, take it away from the wives and children,
and what is to be the consequence ? You do not
suppose they will forget; youdo notsuppose that
the remembrance of it will not induce them to en-
deavor to revenge it. You will have Robin Hoods
in every Sherwood Forest from Mason and Dix-
on's line to Florida for hundreds of years before
the feud is satisfied. Whntdoyougain? Nothing.
The honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Harris,] the other day, was candid enough to
say—other Senators, I believe, are of the same
opinion—that he did not expect the Government
would get a dollar out of this measure by way of
indemnity. But can it be looked upon as a pun-
ishment inflicted on the traitor, when that punish-
ment falls upon his wife and his children, when it
falls upon those who may be innocent? If the
estate is worth anything in the world, one would
think it only worth retaining it in his family in
order to stop the breed of traitors and to make the
brood loyal. Surely it will be of little avail for
any other good purpose.
1 do not know what anybody expects to achieve
by it. Suppose you pass it m the form in which
it now stands before the Senate by the adoption
of the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Ohio. We have said here that this power of con-
fiscation is in the President if it is anywhere; if
there is anybody that has the right to,seize upon
this property and appropriate it to the United
States, it is the President. That is not only law,
but it is fact. It is an absolute necessity which
theframersof these bills themselves acknowledge.
Under the bill of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, who is to say whether the hill shall be a law,
or whether it shall not be a law? If the President
chooses to put the bill in his pocket it is no law
at ail. It would never amount to anything, be-
cause all the property confiscated is the only prop-
erty he pleases to seize, and he is only to seize it
as the necessities of the case arise in his judg-
ment. That demonstrates, if anything will de-
monstrate, that this is not in the true sense of the
word a lav/. A law is that which speaks to com-
mand, and when it commands it has the power to
compel obedience; but here you have no power
to compel obedience. Take the bill of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio. Suppose the Presi-
dent sees fit to disregard it entirely; where is our
modeofcompulsion? Senators may say, impeach-
ment. That is no remedy at all in this case.
The President, if he pleases, has the right, to-
morrow, to pardon all these men now in arms
against the United States. He is the sole depos-
itory of the pardoning power of this Government.
He is not only Commander-in-Chief of its armies,
but he has the right to pardon everybody now
sinning and offending against it; and as you,sir,
well know, he has the right to do that previous
to any trial and any conviction of the offender.
Then, 1 say, to pass a law, as it is called, to
confiscate the property of rebels in the manner
and form in which it is attempted here is a mere
brutum fulmen; it is the mere idle blowing of a
trumpet, and of no more efficacy than that, just
because it achieves nothing. The President is
Commander-in-Chief of the Artny,and he is now
dealing,and he is bound to deal with the rebellion
by the laws of "war. It is not material whether
you call it a civil war, a mixed war, or a war of
rebellion; it is war, real, genuine war, in which
armies meet armies and kill one another upon the
field of battle. The President is bound by the
laws of war. Why ? Because these laws of war
are arbitrary? Because they are written down in
books somewhere? No, sir. The laws of war
are in the nature of things; they are the laws of
humanity; the laws that have been discovered
through a long series of mistakes and blunders in
bygone centuries,and which to violate now would
be to strike at yourself. These laws of war are
the laws by which great victories are obtained,
by which wars are ended, by which rebellions
are suppressed. Your laws that you would sub-
stitute instead of them, your violent confiscation
laws, and your old worn-out remedies, a re the very
laws which continue weirs, which embitter them,
and which prevent the suppression of rebellion;
the laws, in fact, which would keep a rebellion
alive forever, which would tear and distract this
continentas it has torn and distracted Europe ever
since we had a history of it. The laws of war,
then, are the laws by which the President expects
to achieve his ends, the laws by which he expects
to conquer and to triumph;"not arbitrary laws
which may or may not be right or wrong in a
given contingency. Those laws arc right always.
Then, i say, the whole resolves itself into this:
you pass your law, but it is optional with the
President whether it shall be a law or no; it de-
pends upon his discretion whether he will execute
it or not. Whetheryou can delegate your legis-
lative power to him is another question; buthere,
at least, it is optional with him. Very well; if the
contingency arises where it becomes necessary
for him to execute it, he could only do it by way
of retaliation, and then not for the purpose of estab-
lishing it as the law, but for the purpose of de-
stroying it as the law, and restoring the true law
in its stead. What does the President do ? He
says, " I am directed to confiscate the property
of all these people; I am directed to seize and ap-
propriate it." lie decides, or his military com-
mander decides in his behalf, perhaps, that it would
be exceedingly impolitic to do so just then; that
it would be exceedingly impolitic to go into this
house and seize it, or into that granary and seize
it; that it would be far worse for the Republic, far
worse for the cause, than to pay dollar for dollar
for it. Then, in such cases, the President would
disregard the law, and would not seize it. He
would be derelict, indeed, to Ins duty and to the
country if he did seize it. Where is the law then ?
Suppose, again, the President says, " this law is
inhuman." He is notbound todo inhuman things.
He is bound to stand upon the humanity of the
age and its progressive civilization; to stand there
and fight this battle through, and the responsibil-
ity is upon him. Where, then, again, is your law?
The President cannot execute it against the law of
war, the. law of humanity, and he disregards it;
and you have left him this option. It is, then,
law or no law, at his discretion, which is just the
same as saying his discretion is the law; and so
we say it is the law without congressional inter-
vention at all. It will only be used for retaliation,
and retaliation in all eases comes readily enough
without it.
Sir, I impugn no man's honesty. I impugn no
man's sincerity. I have never yet stood on this
floor and arrogated to myself that I was the only
one here who had a proper sense of my responsi-
bility in putting down this rebellion. I never pre-
tended that I or my set were the only men who
truly and ardently hated the rebels. I never pre-
tended that anyother man here, however much
mistaken I thought he was, intended to encourage
this rebellion. I differ as wide as the poles from
some Senators on this floor; but I have never been
so uncharitable as to suppose that they wanted to
encourage this rebellion; I give them this credit,
and I desire it and no more for myself. And yet
what do we hear at times? That if we raise con-
stitutional objections to any scheme here against
rebels, we are aiding the rebellion. I am weary
of this, sir, and hope for the future it shall be
heard no more, and that we shall all address our-
selves to our duty, without crimination or recrim-
ination.
Then, Mr. President, in this conflict of opinion,
I desire that we should, coolly, quietly, calmly,
without any fanfaronade, bluster, or wounding
of feelings one way or the other, endeavor to do
our duty to the country in this her crisis; and
mark me, sir, we shall all have just as much to
do as we can do, if we save it, without personal
bickerings to indulge m, without personal ends to
serve, and without personal aims to achieve. The
work is here upon us just at this instant, and it
would be well if we were to stop and coolly and
carefully look at the magnitude of it. We do not
go along any better by shutting our eyes against
the difficulties that are in front. We would go a
great deal better, I think, by coolly, carefully,
and cautiously scanning them, and providing for
them. If Ave should fail, Mr. President—and it
is possible—what a spectacle will our folly pre-
sent here in this course of conduct!
Mr. WADIC. It is not possible.
Mr. COWAN. Gentlemen say it is not pos-
sible. I doubt that; and although I desire it as
much as anybody, yet I have always found that
they who achieved great results were not those
who believed blindly in success without taking all
the requisite measures of precaution in order to
secure it. The cooler, the clearer, the calmer,
and the less passion there is in and about this
work, in my judgment, the better. I may be
wrong, and it may be taken by storm; I do not
know, and I think the very reverse; that theonly
way we can secure it is by standing together as
brothers, and, forgetting our differences upon all
topics, strive for this end alone. We can agree
to seek this one without dissension, that this rebel-
lion be suppressed. Let noother disturbing element
enter here. That the rebellion be suppressed—
we can all agree upon that. Then where is the
necessity to divide and to weaken ourselves by
filing off after this particular scheme or that other?
Certainly no benefit comes to us from aguingthese
things here day after day, exposing our naked-
ness even to our enemies, and giving them aid and
encouragement. Where is the necessity? Sir,
I have been, from the beginning, fully and firmly
impressed with the belief that the duty of tilts
Congress was to come here with a united North,
as we had a united North, with loyal hearts beat-
ing in unison all over it with us, and keep our
eyes steadily and solely upon that aim and object.
Then we were brothers; then we did present,and
could present, a full front and bulwark to the en-
emy—no division, no weakening then.
How is it now? I am very much mistaken if
the extremes are not getting up presidential can-
didates already. I am rather inclined to think
that wo have a mischievous set of politicians who
are endeavoring to distract and to divide the force
of the country, on the one side, by making Gen-
eral McClellan a President, and on the other by
making General Fremont a President. They are
both very respectable gentlemen, men for whom
I have the highest regard; but I hope and pray
thatGodm His mercy would take them both away
from these United States just as soon as they be-
come pegs upon which to hang a division of that
kind in this crisis. I think, further, that any man
who looks towards it, who thinks of it, who
dreams of it in this our hour of calamity, is false
to himself, false to the country, and aiding in its
destruction. Sir, what have we to differ about
now ? When the bones of those who might have
differed before are lying side by side on every bat-
tle-field, in the name of God may not the old dif-
ferences be buried with them? Cannot we spare
a little hour for the country beside their graves,
and fondly believe, at least for a time, that all our
ancient feuds and dissensions are buried there
with them.
Sir, I have opposed the Democratic party in
my own humble way as well as I could every-
