1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
Laws of the United States.
37th Cons. ... 2d Sess.
From Seattle to Snohomish.
Prom Wallas-Walla, via Lewiston and Pierce
City, to Elk City.
From Walla-Walla, via Antoine Planies and
the C< ur d'Alene Mission, to Hell Gate.
From Lewiston to Florence City.
Sec. 2. And be ii further enacted, That the Post-
master General is hereby authorized to change
the terminus of existing mail routes connecting
with or mteisecting railroads when the postal
service can be thereby improved.
Sec.3. Andbeit farther enacted, ThatthePost-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to fix the salaries of special agents of the Post
Office Department, employed on temporary ser-
vice, at any sum less than the amount designated
for sucli service by law.
Approved, June 2, 1862.
Chap. XC VI.—An Act to authorize the President
of the United States to appoint Diplomatic Rep-
resentatives to the Republics of Hayti and Li-
beria, respectively. -
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he hereby is, authorized, by and with the
advice and1 consent of the Senate, to appoint dip-
lomatic representatives of the United States to
the republics of Hayti and Liberia, respectively.
Each of the said representatives so appointed shall
be accredited as commissioner and consul-general,
and shall receive the compensation of commis-
sioners according to the act of Congress approved
August eighteen, eighteen hundred and fifty-six:
Provided, That the annual compensation of the
representative at Liberia shall not exceed four
thousand dollars.
Approved, June 5, 1862.
Chap. XCVII.—An Act supplemental to " An
Act granting the right of way to the State of
Missouri, and a portion of the Public Lands,
to aid in the construction of certain Railroads
in said State," approved June tenth, eighteen
liundred-and fifty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates ofAmei ka in Congress
assenibled, That the time required by the net to
which this is supplemental, for the completion of
the road therein described, " from the city of
Saint Louis to such point on the western bound-
ary of said State as may be designated by the
authority of said State," as well as the time of
reversion to the United States of the lands thereby
granted to the State of Missouri for the use of
said road, is hereby extended for ten years from
the tenth day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two: Provided, That in case said company fail to
complete said road within the time as thus ex-
tended, the said lands shall then revert to the
United States.
Approved, June 5, 1862.
Chap. XCVIII.—An Act for the collection of
Direct Taxes in insurrectionary districts within
the United States, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That when in any State or Territory,
01' 111 any portion of any State or Territory, by
reason of insurrection or rebellion, the civil au-
thority of the Government of the United States is
obstructed so that the provisions of the act enti-
tled "An act to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes," approved August fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, for assessing,
levying, and collecting the direct taxes therein
mentioned,cannot be peaceably executed,the said
direct taxes, by said act apportioned among the
several States and Territories, respectively, shall
be apportioned and charged in each State and
Territory, or part thereof, wherein the civil au-
thority is thus obstructed, upon all the lands and
lots of ground situate therein, respectively, except
such as are exempt from taxation by the laws of
said Stateorof the United States,as the said lands
or lots of ground were enumerated and valued
under the last assessment and valuation thereof
made under the authority of said State or Terri-
tory previous to the first day of January, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-one; and each
and every parcel of the said lands, according to
said valuation, is hereby declared to be, by virtue
of this act, charged with the pay ment of so much
of the whole tax laid and apportioned by said act
upon the State or Territory wherein the same is
respectively situate,as shall bear the same direct
proportion to the whole amount of the direct tax
apportioned to said Stale or Territory as the
•value of said parcels of land shall respectively
bear to the whole valuation of the real estate in
said State or Territory according to the said as-
sessment and valuation made under the authority
of the same; and in addition thereto a penalty of
fifty per centum of said tax shall be charged
thereon.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That on or
before the first day of July next, the President,
by his proclamation, shall declare in what States
and parts of States said insurrection exists, and
thereupon the said several lots or parcels of land
shall become charged respectively with their re-
spective portions of said direct tax, and the same,
together with the penalty, shall be a lien thereon,
without any other or further proceeding what-
ever.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the owner or owners of said lots or
parcels of lands, within sixty days after the tax
commissioners herein named shall have fixed the
amount, to pay the tax thus charged upon the
same, respectively, into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, or to the commissioners herein ap-
pointed, and take a certificate thereof, by virtue
whereof the said lands shall be discharged from
said tax.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the title
of, in, and to each and every piece or parcel of
land upon which said tax has not been paid as
I above provided, shall thereupon become forfeited
to the United States, and, upon the sale herein-
after provided for, shall vest in the United States
or in the purchasers at such sale, in feo-simple,
free and discharged from all prior liens, incum-
brances, right, title, and claim whatsoever.
Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United Slates, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, may appoint a board
of three tax commissioners for each of said States
in which such insurrection exisfce, with a salary
of three thousand dollars each per annum, to give
security in the sum of fifty thousand dollars each,
in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
direct, and to be approved by him, for the faith-
ful performance of all their duties as such, and to
account for and pay over all moneys and other
property coming to their hands: Provided, That
said commissioners shall not receive pay under
the provisions of this act until they shall have
entered upon the discharge of their duties.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the said
board of tax commissioners shall enter upon the
discharge of the duties of their office whenever the
Commanding General of the forccs of the United
States, entering into any such insurrectionary
State or district, shall have established the mili-
tary anthority of the United States throughout
any parish or district or county of the same, and
they shall open one or more offices for the trans-
action of business.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That the said
board of commissioners shall be required, in case
the taxes charged upon the said lots and parcels
of land shall not be paid as provided for m the
third section of this act, to cause the same to be
advertised for sale in a newspaper published in
the town, parish, district, or county where situ-
ate, and if there be no such newspaper published
in said county, or if the publisher thereof refuse
to publish the same, then in any other newspaper
to be selected by said commissioners in said dis-
trict, or in the city of Washington, for at least
four weeks, and by posting notices of said sale in
three public places m the town, parish, district,
or eofcnty within which said lands are situate, at
least four weeks previous to the day of sale; and
at the time and place of sale to cause the same to
be severally sold to ihe highest bidder for a sum
not less than the taxes, penalty, and costs, and
ten per centum per annum interest on said tax
pursuant to said notice; and the said commission-
ers shall, at said sale, strike off the same severally
to the United States at thatsum,unless some per-
son shall bid the same or a larger sum; who shall,
upon payingthepurchase-money ingoldand silver
coin, or m theTreasury notesof the United States,
or in certificates of indebtedness against the Uni-
ted States, he entitled to receive from said com-
missioners their certificate of sale; which said cer-
tificate shall be received in all courts and places
as prima facie evidence of the regularity and va-
lidity of said sale, and of the title of the said pur-
chaser or purchasers under the same: Provided,
That the owner of said lots of ground, or any loyal
person of the United States, having any valid lien
upon or interest in the same, may, at any time,
within sixty days after said sah>, appear before
the said board of tax commissioners in his or her
own proper person, and, if a citizen, upon taking
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and paying the amount of said tax and
penalty, with interest thereon from the date of the
said proclamation of the President mentioned in
the second section of this act, at the rate of fifteen
per centum per annum, together with the expenses
of the sale and subsequent proceedings to be de-
termined by said commissioners, may redeem said
lots of land from said sale; and any purchaser,
under the same, having paid moneys, Treasury
notes, or other certificates of indebtedness of the
United States, shall, upon such redemption being
made, be entitled to have the same, with the in-
terest accruing after said sale, returned to him by
the said commissioners, upon surrendering up the
certificates of sale: And provided further, That
if the owner of said lots of ground shall be a
minor, a non-resident alien, or loyal citizen be-
yond seas, a person of unsound mind, or under
a legal disability, the guardian, trustee, or other
person having charge of the person or estate of
such person may redeem the same nt any time
within two years after the sale thereof, in the man-
ner above provided, and with like effect: And
provided further, That the certificate of said com-
missioners shall only be affected as evidence ot
the regularity and validity of sale by establishing
the factthatsaid property was liotsubject lo taxes,
or that the taxes had been paid previous to sale,
or that the property had been redeemed according
to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That at any
time within one year after the said sale by said
commissioners, any person being the owner of
any lot or parcel of ground at the passage of this
act, who shall, by sufficient evidence, prove to
the satisfaction of said board of commissioners
that he or she, after the passage of this act, has
not taken part in the present insurrection against
the United States, or in any mminer^aided or
abetted the same; and that, by reason of said in-
surrection, ho or she has been unable to pay said
tax, or to redeem said lands from sale within the
time above provided for, the said board of com-
missioners may allow him or her further time to
redeem the same, not exceeding two years from
the day of sale; and for this purpose they may
take the testimony of witnesses, and shall reduce
the same to writing; and the. United States, or any
person claiming an interest in said lands, may
appear and oppose the said application. From
their decision the United States or any party in
interest may appeal to the district court of the
United Slates for said district, which is hereby
authorized to take jurisdiction of the same, as in
other cases involving the equity of redemption.
And in case said board of commissioners should,
for any cause, cease to act before the expiration
of one year after said sales, the said district court
shall have original jurisdiction of the proceeding
for redemption, as herein provided, to take place
before the said board of commissioners.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in cases
where the owners of said lots and parcels of
ground have abandoned the same, and have not
paid the tax thereon as provided for in the third
section of this act, nor paid the same, nor redeemed
the said land from sale as provided for in use sev-
enth section of this act, and the said board of
commissioners shall be satisfied that said owners
have left the same to join the rebel forces or oth-
erwise to engage in and abet this rebellion, and
the same shall have been struck off to the United
States at said sale, the said commissioners shall,
