1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1881
where, but I have no opposition to that party
now, as such ; none at all. If the people are true,
as 1 fain hope they are, I will not stop or hesitate
a moment to speculate upon or revive the differ-
ences that existed between us heretofore. Let
them be forgotten in the past. I know no reason,
when the whole strength and force of the coun-
try, its means and resources are needed to achieve
its success and its safety, why we should turn
ourselves into a pack of petty, scrambling1 poli-
ticians, filled with venom and strife and Billings-
gate raked up from the ashes of bygone follies
in order to destroy the very prize for which we
ought honorably to struggle—why we ought to
embitter and curse all our social relations, en-
gendering hate and malice at a time when mourn-
ing is in every house, the empty chair of death
sits at almost every hearthstone.
Then, Mr. President, I hope that all these
troublesome, irritating, and vexatious questions,
which were calculated to anger and embitter from
the first, and never calculated to do any good in
the world, with nothing practical about them, in
my judgment, though I may be wrong, will be
referred to a committee. 1 desire further to say
that 1 really have no wish myself to be upon that
committee or to be connected with it. I am will-
ing to intrust it to the decision of any seven Sen-
ators of the body who will calmly sit down and
examine the Constitution and our authority in
the premises under it. I will therefore suggest
that my name be left off as a member, and that
my honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] be placed at the head as its chairman, as
I think that position will be accorded to him with
great heaitmess on the part of everybody.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, itis related in some
veritable history that when a certain poet of the
East had recited one of the most beautiful poems
that have come down to us, that critic of critics,
Fadiadeen, undertook to criticise it; but he pre-
faced it by saying it would be necessary, in the
first place, to review all the stories that had etfer
been wnttcn in the world before. It seems to me
the spuit of Fadiadeen must have presided over
the discussions of the Senate on this simple prop-
osition of my friend fiom Illinois, for it is haidly
possible to conceive of any question that can be
got out of the black-letter law of antiquity, or out
of the speculations upon the Constitution, or upon
the theories of peace and war, that have not been
brought into it. The Senate were edified and the
country instructed, in the first place, with a learned
speech to show that this was not a war. I do not
know that anybody has risen up here to discuss
that old and vexed question whether there is any-
thing at all in the world; whether there is any real
solid substance; whether we are not all merefloai-
ing imaginary ideas, without anything of solidity
about us, not even excepting my friend from New
Yoik [Mr. King]—all mere phantoms.
Now, sir, this proposition, to my mind, is sim-
ple in its character. What a spectacle does the
country present to-day! I call it war; I call it
war in the most horrid front and features in which
it has ever presented itself to the gaze ot man.
"What do you find in the rebellious scceding States?
Every man suspected of regarding man or feaiing
God in regard to his constitutional obligations to
support the country, maintain the Constitution,
and defend the flag, is to-day an exile and a wan-
derer fiom his own hearth, and his property is
confiscated. Gentlemen have talked to us about
the feelings that will be engendered in behalf of
the widows nnd children of these traitors whose
property wo propose to confiscate. Sir, I confess
that while the wail of the widows and the cry of
the orphans of the brave and chivalnc soldiers
who have bared their breasts to the shock of bat-
tic, and poured out their blood to consecrate this
soil of liberty, are in my ear coming from every
section of the land, I have no heai t to listen to the
complaint of him who would plead for the wid-
ows of rebels and traitors. The property of every
loyal man, from one end of the country to the
other, where rebellion has reared its head and
seized upon the reins of Government, has been
confiscated. Debts, property,lands,all, have been
confiscated; and to-day what do we see in this
city, to our lasting disgrace? Rebels* traitors,
spies, and those that sympathize with them,m the
employment of your Federal Government, receiv-
ing their money and eating their bread, while our
loyal friends, wandcreis and exiles from their
own homes are here in this city appealing to the
sympathy of friends to aid and support and cheer
them in the destitution and desolation which
armed rebellion has visited -upon them. That is
what the city shows to-day.
Mr. HOWARD. And even women in that
condition.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; and children. Now,sir,
I am opposed to referring this' matter to a com-
mittee, and I will tell you the reason why. I want,
and the country wants, some proof of action, some-
thing to prove that you are in earnest, something
to let the country know that the Government is
acting vigorously. I do not care who the Gov-
ernment is, or what it is; but I will tell you, Sen-
ators, you will find out ere very long that you are
not the Government, unless you take hold ofthis
question and treat it vigorously. You will find
that there is a people over and above what is called
a Government here at the seat of Government in
Washington, and they will take a common-sense
view of this matter. I am opposed to it for that
reason, because I want action, and 1 want to prove
that we intend action.
Some gentlemen have thought that this refer-
ence would be a wise course, and they refer to the
compromise of 1850, where a great many bills were
committed to a great compromise committee, and
such beautiful results followed. Now, sir, I want
to tell you a little something about that. I had
the horror, or the dishonor—I do not care which
you call it—of bemgamemberof thatfamous Con-
gress that passed those compromise bills. There
were a great lot of them introduced, and finally,
for the very purpose now indicated and avowed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Clay—a
man of, I believe,as patriotic heart as ever stood
in the national councils, though it was my fortune
to differ with him on that occasion almost totally—
Mr. Clay, I think it was, got up and moved a fa-
mous compromise committee, to which all these
measures were to be committed. The Senate,in
its wisdom or its folly—1 will not undertake to
say which—adopted the motion of Mr. Clay. A
compromise committee was raised. AH the bills
and substitutes and amendments were committed
lo that committee, and they set and set and set—•
I do not mean sat, but set—and finally they pro-
duced a great bill which, from its character, for
everything was involved in it, was called an " om-
nibus bill;" and then Congress repeated the incu-
bation of the committee; they " set" upon it, but
they produced nothing. [Laughter.] The com-
promise turned out to be a bad egg, and it broke
down, it did not pass, it was killed in the Senate,
and Mr. Clay left the Senate in despair and dis-
gust, and went down to resuscitate himself at the
city of Newport, in Rhode Island. After he had
£one, and the famous report of his compromise
committee had been broken down, and he had
abandoned it in despair, the Senate took it up just
exactly where they were before the compromise
committee was appointed, and passed the bilisin
detail, every one of them. That is the result of
that experience.
1 do not remember how long it is since my hon-
orable friend (if he will allow me to call him so)
from Illinois introduced this bill; but it is a good
while, n good many weeks. Wc have had a great
many speeches, and I will say a great many
speeches of a great many kinds, but nothing has
come of it yet; and now it is proposed to take the
whole subject, all the bills and all the substitutes
and all the proposed substitutes and amendments
and submit them to this committee of seven. What
will be the result? The committee may agree or
they may not. It will postpone the matter some
weeks and will come back here, and you will find
yourselves after the end of the discussion upon
the report of that committee just exactly where
you are to-day. You will not make the least prog-
ress in the world.
Sir, it is time to do something. Itis time that
this stand-si ill policy was abandoned. It seems to
me there is something fatal m our example. The
contagion of our supincncss and inertness seems
to have seized upon the armies that are in our
neighborhood, and all that they have done as yet
is to sot and set and set. They have had a win-
ter campaign in Washington, and they have gone
to the tide-waters of Hampton Roads for a sum-
mer campaign to repeat the Washington campaign
in warm weather. That is my judgment. We
have been sitting here in a besieged city. The
poverty-stricken inhabitants of this city—I sp
of the very poor—have been paying famine prices
for fuel, for wood and for coal, all winter,and we
have been besieged here with an army-of two hun-
dred and fifty thousand men, or about that num-
ber, by an army of less than sixty thousand,and
we have done nothing. Whenever anything is
proposed to be done, somebody gets up some con-
stitutional objection. I tell you, sir, the Consti-
tution was made fora time of peace. It was made
for a civilized society, and was not framed and**"
did not contemplate the exigencies and emergen-
cies of an armed rebellion. I trust I'have as much
regard for the Constitution as any one. I confess
I have sat here day after day anu have held my
peace and withheld my voice and vote upon meas-
ures that in my humble judgment were in viola-
tion of the Constitution,because I would not ven-
ture to throw my poor scruples out when the cause
of the country was at stake.
While I am upon this subject I will say that
while I, and I trust the people that I represent and
the friends with whom I sympathize, will be ready
to look with a very charitable eye upon every act
of the President or of any of the Secretaries which
has been honestly and well meant for the defence
and protection of the country, I tell them there is
a fearful responsibility that will rest somewhere,
and they will have to show to the tribunals of the
country, to the public sentiment of the country
and of the world, that there were extraordinary
emergencies which justified some of the measures
that have been adopted. I am willing to have
faith that it is so, though I confess it is rather a
blind faith, and not call These gentlemen to account
at the present time; but I think the time has come
when Congress should move, and should show to
armed rebels with arms in their hands—hands red
with the blood of our brethren—that the Consti-
tution and laws made for the protection of the
rights of persons and property were made for the
piotection of those who were true to their alle-
giance, and not for the protection of those who
threw it off and were fighting against it, and would
subvert the Constitution and destroy the country
which it was instituted to govern.
It is said that this bill is defective in some of its
details; I have not looked into it; but there were
some suggested by my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania which, it seems to me, were not
worthy of his reputation. He says it depends upon
the President for its execution, and if you pass
these laws the President may pardon every one
of these traitors. So he may. Why, then, make a
law against murder? Why have a law on your
statute-book for the punishment of piracy? The
President may pardon both murderer ana pirate.
Why make a law to raise an army to go out and
meet the enemy, vindicate the cause of the coun-
try and an outraged Constitution, and rescue the
land from the curse of rebellion ? It all depends
on the President. Suppose ho refuses to commis-
sion the officers; suppose he will not commission
a major general, a brigadier, a captain, or any-
body else, and you get together and have a mob,
not even subject to the jurisdiction to which Peter
the Hermit was, when he led the hordes of Europe
to rescue the sepulcher from the infidels. You
depend upon the President, and you put confi-
dence in him, and for aught 1 know or for aught
I believe that confidence has not been and will
not be betrayed. It is no objection, not the slight-
est, to the bill of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois that it requires the assent and the cordial
cooperation of the President, and we shall have it.
There is no question about that. If we pass the
bill, we will have it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire a question.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask the Senator
from New Hampshire, as he speaks for the Pres-
ident and says we shall have it, whether he is au-
thorized to say that. I do not believe it. I should
like to know whether he is authorized to say it.
If he says so, I will believe it.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I am authorized to say
it; not by anything the President has ever said to
me, but from what 1 know of the history of the
President and the history of the country and ot
the Government. Let me ask you, sir, when did
you ever know a President to throw himself in
the way of the operation, and the efficient opera-
tion, of a statute which he had passed upon and
