1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
spies have been tolerated too long in some of our
public offices; when detected and caught, we have
" sworn them and let them go." In my humble
judgment, our magnanimity and forbearance long
sincc ceased to bo a virtue; in it we have com-
manded neither the respect of the world nor of
ourselves, and* we have certainly not made our
enemies to fear us. Government, the organ of the
power and majesty of the people, should exercise
severity enough to become a terroMo evil doers.
The period has arrived when our good President,
like the farmer in the fable, having pelted the reb-
els with tufts of grass to his entire satisfaction, is
now trying what virtue there is in stones. He
has at last " put his foot down firmly," and trai-
tors will be crushed.
But I return to the specific question, what arc
we to do with the property of the rebels? Slidell
and other rebels hold or held a large amount of
property in Illinois. Millions of property is held
by open and notorious traitors in the loyal States.
The property of my constituents has been seized
at Memphis and elsewhere, and appropriated by
the rebels. Now, I am for reprisals, and, not to
put too fine a point upon it, I am for carrying this
war, if necessary, into Africa.
The legal and constitutional questions involved
in confiscation I shall not to-day discuss. When
bills come before us for action we will discuss the
legal questions.
{ desire to-day to present some considerations
on the subject of confiscating the property and
freeing the slaves of rebels, not as a moral or
philanthropical question, but as a practical, po-
litical, and military question; and to these sug-
gestions I beg the candid consideration of the loyal
and patriotic members from the border States.
Is slavery an clement of strength to the rebels ?
You will all ad mil that it is. Four millions of slaves
feed and clothe the rebels. These bondmen raise
the cotton, the rice, the sugar, the hemp, the to-
bacco, the food, subsistence, and clothing of the
rebel States. Nay, slaves dig their trenches, rear
their fortifications, and to a considerable extent
fight their battles. Take away the labor of their
slaves and their armies must disband. Slavery is
the backbone of the rebellion; its cause, its virus,
its stimulus, its substancc. These four millions
of contrabands constitute an element of strength
and power which we cannot disregard if we would.
Now, the principal object of us all is to put down
the rebellion in the speediest possible way. Can
we divest the rebels of this strength, and turn it
to any extent to our side ?
Mr. MENZfES. Let me ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he believes that the intro-
duction of slavery into the non-slaveholdingStates
would be any strength to our side?
Mr. ARNOLD. tJertainly not. The free white
laborers of the Noith, brave and hardy, are not to be
compared with the slaves of the South. But you
have not such laborers in the South. You have the
blacks. Let me ask my friend from Kentucky
whether the rebels are not stronger with the blacks
on their side than they would be if transferred to
ours. Again: would the rebel States not be incom-
parably stronger with free than with slave labor?
This question is, itsecms to me, the more pertinent.
Hitherto we have presented the strange spectacle
of fighting our enemy with one hand, while with
the other hand we hold still and quiet his slave,
leaving the rebels quite free to use both hands in
striking us. It is not surprising that the sarcas-
tic Frenchman says this has been on our part " a
very civil war"—very civil, indeed ! Now, I sug-
gest that we take our hands off the negro, and leave
the rebels to take care of their own slaves, and that
so far as the slaves of rebels are conccrned we
leave them perfectly free. What say you to this,
gentlemen of Kentucky? Do you feel disposed
to catch and return the contrabands of Jell Davis
and Buckner and their co-traitors? Will the gal-
lant soldiers of old Kentucky stop in their career
of victory to entch these runaway*' Will you
return the negio to grow corn and iorage lor the
rebel dimy; to"« row cotton with which to clothe it:
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I recommend to Uio gen-
tleman the advice given in Mrs Gaston's Cook-
ery Book aboutcooking a rabbit. The first thing,
she says, is to catch your rabbit. How are you
going- to get the negroes until you conquer the
rebels?
Mr. ARNOLD. Sir, the news which has to-
day thrilled our hearts with joy—the intelligence
of the triumph of our arms at Port Donelson—
is a reply to the question of the distinguished
gentleman from Kentucky. The " rabbit is
caught." We have caught the rattle-snake, let us
extract its fangs. Let us kill not scotch it. Well,
suppose contrabands say we will not w-ork any
longer for the rebels; suppose they declare we
will no longer feed and clothe these rebels, and,
" throwing down the shovel and the hoe," they
say " we will not plant their corn nor cotton; we
will no longer build their forts nor fight their bat-
tles; we will assert our own God-given liberty;"
will you give the negro aid and encouragement!
and protection in doing this? If you do, when
you do it effectually and earnestly, the end of this
rebellion draweth near. Can you afford to hesi-
tate? Is it notour duty to put this rebellion down
speedily? These arc grave questions, but they
must be met. I present this subject, not in its
moral or philanthropic aspcct, and certainly in no
partisan spirit, but as a military question, a prac-
tical problem which must be met and solved.
Sir, I wish the great and patriotic statesmen of
the border States could be induced to recognize
the fact that slavery is doomed, and its days are
numbered, and then aid us in practically meeting
the grave results. This change must come; aid
us, 1 pray you, so to conduct and contiol this
change from slavery to freedom, as shall produce
as little shock as possible. Oh, what an oppor-
tunity for some sagacious statesman from the slave
States to associate his name with freedom forever.
A suggestion or two on another subject, and I
will no longer trespass on the attention of the
House.
Is the Union worth the price of men and money we
are paying for it ? Is our nationality worth the
sacrifices we are called to make to preserve it?
In reply, look at Europe, divided into numer-
ous States; its endless wars, its ever-exhausting
expenditures for armies, navies, fortifications; its
millions of soldiers for attack and defense, ex-
hausting industry, and paralyzing progress; look
at its passports, its restrictions and tariffs; and,
when you have studied this picture, turn to Amer-
ica, and see her united in one great free common-
wealth from ocean to ocean, from the groat inland
seas of the North to the Gulf of Mexico, and you
will see and feel that the sagacious old hero, Jack-
son, was right, when he declared, "the Union; it
must be preserved." Yes, you will respond, this
Union must be preserved at any cost, and at all
sacrifice.
But this is not a question of division; it is a
question between liberty and slavery; not of the
black man alone, but of the white man also.
Constitutional liberty and despotic slavery will
struggle and contend on this contincntuntil one or
the other is subdued. That conflict is now upon
us. Let us meet the issue, let us not underrate its
sublime significance. Liberty under the Constitu-
tion or slavery over its ruins will triumph.
Mr. VOORHEES obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly bill of the House No. |
259, making appropriations for the support of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ingJune 30, 1863, and had come to no resolution
thcieon. public debt fund.
Mr. WICKLIFFE asked unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to provide a fund in part to pay
the interest and principal of the public debt.
The bill was read. It provides that the public
lands, surveyed and un&urvuyud, and the net pro-
ceeds arising Aom the sales thereof, shall be ap-
plied and set apart as a fund to pay the interest
and principal of the public debt.
Mr. ASHLEY objected.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to suspend the
rul^s.
The motion was not agreed to.
MISSOTrm KAILROADS.
Mr. HOLM AN offered the following resolu-
tion: which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be requeued to
procure the return, from tlie Senate, of "ft Joint resolution
(No. 37) in reference to pertain railroads in the State ,-of
Missouri, in order that a clerical omission therein may be
supplied.
SIGNAL SERVICE. ■ , *
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back with a recom-
mendation that itdo pass, an act making appro-
priations for the signal service of the United States
Army; the question being on its third =readxtjg^.i
Mr. BLAiR, of Missouri. I desire simply to
remark that all, the generals in. the- field arc Con-
stantly making application for these.signal offi-
cers and for the stores and equipments necessary
to their efficiency. I have desired to bring.this
measure forward at the earliest moment possible.
The appropriation asked is -very small, and I do
not conceive that there can be any objection to it.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at four
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned
* IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 18, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 269) to estab-
lish a Department of Agriculture; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message furtherannounccd that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 141) making
appropriations for the signal service of the United
States Army.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Wisconsin, remonstrating against any
diversion of the northeastern land grant from the
line as located by the Chicago and Northwestern
Railroad Company by way of Appleton and
Shawano; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lauds.
Mr. HOWE presented the following joint res-
olution of the Legislature of Wisconsin, which
was read, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed:
Joint Resolution relative to relief for Ireland.
Resolved by the Assembly, (tlie Senate concurring) That
in view of the want and Yam me impending over Ireland,
and of our ben^e of giatitude to her braye sons, who by
thousands arc peri hag iheir iives on the battle-fields of lib-
erty, in defense of our Government and institutions, in the
time of their trial, that our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representative* he requested, to use all
constitutional means in their power for the relief of that
distressed land by appropuate action.
Resolved, That his c.\c.ellcnc> the Governor be requested
to forward a eopy of this resolution to our Senators and
Representatives in Congress at his earliest convenience.
j. w. beaudsley,
Speaker of the Assembly.
EDWARD SALOMON,
President of the Senate.
State op Wisconsin, Secretary's Office.
The Seeretaiy of State of the State of Wisconsin hereby
certifies that tlie foregoing has been compared with the
original enrolled joint resolution deposited in thte office, and
that the same is a lute and coirect eopy thereof and of the
whole of such ougmal.
In witness vvheieof, I have heicunto pet my hand and
' affixed the great sea! of the State, at the eapitol, in
<-L' s'' Madison, this 12th .day of February, A. D. 1862.
EDWARD 1LSLKY,
Assistant Secretary of State.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
L. F. Carter, reported a bill (S. No. 207) for the
relief of L. F. Caitcr, for soi vjccs rendered in sur-
veying the public lands in the State of Oregon;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He submitted a report on the subject, which was
ordered to be printed.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI-
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Mditary Affairs and
the Militia, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 37) in relation to certain railroads
in the State of Missouri, to report it back with a
