2842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
and independent proposition. _ If that is the case,
I want to vote against concurring; but if the ques-
tion is simply upon the proposition that was ori-
ginally submitted by the Senator from California,
I want to vote for that proposition.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. TheChairwill
state that it appears, from (he reading of the re-
portof the committee of conference, that the com-
mittee recommend one House to recede from an
amendment, and that the other House recede from
its agreementto that amendment; in other words,
to strike out an amendment to the bill winch has
already been agreed upon by both Houses.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to strike out that which
has been inserted by the committee of conference,
the Senate is compelled to disagree to the report,
as I understand.
Mr. HALE. Do I understand the Chair to say
that the committee of conference have recom-
mended the striking out of an amendment agreed
to by both Houses?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have.
Mr. HALE. Then I will vote against the re-
port.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not take up the time
of the Senate, but will simply state that there is
one other amendment which was adopted by the
Senate that the committee ofconference consented
to strike out, which I deem of very great import-
ance, and without which I should not have been
willing to favor several of the appropriations that
are provided for in the bill in relation to the form-
ing of new Indian treaties; and that is a provision
inserted by the Senate that any treaty which should
be negotiated in pursuance of any appropriation
made under this act, should not contain any new
engagement for the payment of money to any In-
dian tribe, foi so far as 1 was concei ned it is a set-
tled determination as part of the policy with ref-
cnce to the Indians hereafter that we shall not
enter into negotiations of that kind for the payment
of money; that whatever we pay to them shall be
paid in clothing or in agricultural implements.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate.
Under all the circumstances, and in view ofail that
has been stated, it is necessary that we should dis-
agree to the teport, and that there should be a new
committee of conference.
The repot t was non-concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the papers are in this
House, I believe we should ask for a further con-
ference, because a conference is to be asked by the
House having possession of the papers. I move,
therefore, that the Senate further insist on its
amendments disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, disagree to the amendments of that
House to the Senate amendments, and ask for a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Doo-
little, Sherman, and Saulsbury were appointed
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 503) to confirm and establish a pat-
ent heretofoie granted to Etienne Bernot, dated
July 24, 1861, and to secure to George Somerville
Norris, the assignee of said patent, the benefit of
the full term for which said patent was granted—
to the Committee on Patents and the PatentOffice.
A bill (No. 530) granting a pension to Lawicnce
P. N. Landrum, of Taylor county, Kentucky—•
to the Committee on Pensions.
PAY OP ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and by
unanimous consent obt \med, lea\e to introduce a
bill (8. No. 361) to define the pay and emoluments
of eeitain ofUeeis of the Army,ond fur other pur-
poses.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. Tins is the
biil of which 1 spoke this morning. I desire that
it shall lie on the table, and be printed.
PUMSUMENT OF TREASON AMD REBELLION".
Mr. CLARK. Mr Piesidcn',i move thattho
Senate pmci-d to the consideration 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to nuke a motion 
The PRESIDENT protempore. Does the Sen-
ator fiom New Hampshire yield the llooi ?
Mr. CLARK. I shall yield,if it does not m-
teifere with the motion I wish to make.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday.
Mr. CLARK. I do not yield for that purpose.
I move to take up the bill (S. No. 310) to sup-
press insurrection and punish treason and rebel-
lion, and for other purposes.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. There is a bill
which has come to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives on that very subject, and it seems to me
that we shall make better progress if we take up
the House bill and proceed with that, rather than
take up a bill which has been much discussed m
our own body, with regard to which there is an
evident dilTeience of opinion, and which has not
yet been actcd upon in the other House. In taking
up the House bill, we take up a bill which has
already gone far towards its final passage. In
taking up the Senate bill, we put ourselves back in
this discussion where we were some weeks ago.
Now, sir, I had hoped that we had advanced with
time, and that that old discussion was not in any
way to be renewed or even to be opened, to be
touched. It must be all gone over again if we have
the bill of the Senate before us for action. Let us
take up the House bill; let us start from that fur-
ther on, and we shall get to the end sooner. I
hope, therefore, we shall not take up the Senate
bill.
Mr. CLARK. The bill that I propose to take
up is the bill that has already been before ihe Sen-
ate, winch the Senate consideied for a day or moie.
Jt is the bill reported by the Senate committee. It
is the bill with which the committee feel them-
selves charged. I do not think that this discus-
sion is to be precluded either by taking up this bii 1
or taking up the other bill. I do not think it is
worth while to waste time in discussing long
which shall be taken up,for lean assui e the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that he is no further ad-
vanced than he was the other day in that regard.
If the House biil comes up, there will be a motion
to amend, to strike if, ;ill our but the emitting
clause, and put this in, and it is perfectly compe-
tent for him or any of those who prefer the House
bill to move to strike out all but the enacting
clause of this biil and put that in, so that it makes
no difference. I adhere to my motion, and hope
we shall take np Senate bill No. 310.
Mi. SUMNER. The answer lo the Senator us
very easy. He says that hio bill can be taken up,
and that we can then move the House bill as a
substitute. We certainly can move the House bill
then as a substitute; but what takes place' It is
to go back to the House of Representatives to bo
acted u'i m; time is to be taken up; delay is to bo
interposed,and we are to be prevented from reach-
ing the end of this discussion. Now, sir, after all
that has passed, I had hoped that we were near
the end, and certainly we are not near the end
unless the Senate, according to the natural order
uf business, takes up the House bills and pro-
ceeds with them and acts upon them.
Mr. CLARK. I will simply say that we shall
be no nearer the end if we take up the House bill
and ingraft this upon it; there will still be a dis-
agreement, and we may as well meet it here.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Every one understands,
I imagine, and it is no use to conceal it, or for the
Senator from New Hampshire to suppose that
anybody will be misled by the motion he has made.
It is well known that it is a very different thing to
amend a bill that is up from what it is to pass a
biil tiiat is under consideration: and, as the Sen-
ate is organized, no one knows better than the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire that while it would be
impossible to curry a proposition as an amend-
ment to a bill, it might be very possible to pass it
as the bill under consideration. There are in the
Senate fifteen or twenty Senators probably who
are opposed to any scheme of confiscation what-
evei; and if the House bill shall be taken up, and
the Senator from New Hampshne offers his bill
as an nmendment, ail those persons will vote
against it as an amendment most likely, as they
die opposed to any confiscation scheme, and thus
it would be defeated; while, if ihe bill of the Sen-
ator ftom New Hampshire were taken up, and
the House biil were offered ns an amendment to
it, the same pt_ rsons would vote against the House
bill as an amendment, because they are opposed
to any scheme of confiscation. Tlmswthei would
fail offered as an amend men t: while, pet Laps, either
would pass the Senate on a direct vote; for those
who prefer the House bill, if they could not get
that as an amendment, (which they could not,
under the circumstances I have stated,) might be
induced to vote for the bill lepoited by the select
committee; and those who are most favorable to
the bill reported by the select, committee, if they
find they cannot get that adopted as an amend-
ment to the House bill, might vote for the House
biil rather than have no bill passed. We all un-
derstand that; and I gave notice yesterday when
the House bill came in that I should, at the ear-
liest moment, when the business of the Senate
would allow, move to take it up.
The Senatoi fi om New Hampshire, with a view
of getting his bill in ahead, moves to-night to take
it up so as to have it before the Senate. The ob-
ject is clear; nobody is misled by it; we all under-
stand it, and wo understand why the motion is
made in haste, and why it is made to-night. He
does not expect action upon it to-night, but the
object is to have action upon it in advance of the
House bill.
Now, what is the proper and parliamentary
course of legislation ? Let us talk about this thing
candidly, in a pailiamentary way. The House of'
Representatives has passed a billon this subject.
The Senatorfiom New Hampshire wants to getup
a proposition in the Senate that has passed neither
House. When that comes up, there aic persons
in the Senate who greatly prefer the House bill;
and suppose it should be moved as an amendment
to the Senator's bill,as he suggests,and a majni ity
should adopt it, what then have wegot? A law?
Not at all. It is moved as an amendment to an-
other bdl; we do not take up the House bill and
pass it and thereby make it a law, but we propose
to make it an amendment to some other bill, in-
volving the necessity of going to the House of
Representatives to have the bill passed over again.
Is that wise? Is that judicious legislation ?
If the House bill is not satisfactory to the Sen-
ate, will it not be best to take it up, and amend it,
and make it satisfactory, and then, when it goes
bock to the House of Representatives, the ques-
tion will be on concurring with the Senate'samend-
ment ? Is not that the natural order of proceeding ?
Has (lie Senator from New Hampshire so much
feeling about the biil—1 am sorry that there should
ever have been any—that it must be the particular
bill lepoited by the select committee of which he
was chairman. Now, what is the natuial oider
of proceeding'1 Lotus follow that. If manifestly
is to act upon the bill which has passed one body;
and if it is satisfactory to us, take it; if it is not
satisfactory to us, amend it or reject it; dispose
of it in some way. It is a law if we agree to it,
while, if we agree to the bill proposed by the Sen-
ator ftom New Hampshire, that will not make it
a law. It may fail in the House of Representa-
tives, and we get no law on the subject. Shall we
hazard the attaining of any law, or shall we lake
up the House bill which is the natural order of
proceeding? It seems to me manifestly that the
proprieties of legislation squire that we should
proceed to the consideialiou of the bills which
have come from the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President*! want to recur
for a few moments to the history of this matter,
that I may stand right before the Senate in regard
to the measure. It will be remembered by Sen-
ators that early in the session there were seveial
bills presented before the Senate for the confisca-
tion of the property of rebels. It will be recol-
lected what were the proceedings and what was
the fate of those measuies. They were committed
to a select committee to consider them and report
a measure to the Senate. That committee reported
tiie measure which 1 now propose to call up. It
came before the Senate, and was discussed for
some considerable time—mote than one day. It
was displaced by the tax bill, because the Senate
felt the necessity of acting upon and passing the
tax biil. I proposed to call the measure up again
after the tax bill was passed, but at the suggestion
and request of some Senators I let it lie for the
purpose of passing the Pacific uulroad bill. We
have now got rid of the Pacific laihuad bill; we
have passed it this afternoon; and now, at the
eaihest pomt, I desire to return again to the bill
which the Senate had under consideration before
it was displaced by the tax bdl. 1 am charged by
the eommitiee wnh the carrying foiward of this
measure before the Senate, and bringing it to their
attention; it is the only bill with which I am
