860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
recommendation that it do pass. It is an import-
ant resolution in some respects, and we want to
fet it acted on promptly. If there be no objection,
ask for its present consideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I hope it will be
taken up, if the chairman of the committee is ready
to consider it.
- - Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The joint
resolution was prin ted in the House of Represent-
atives; and if there be no objection, I should like
to have it considered now.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I hope it will be
considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know what
it is before we consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be
read.
The Secretary read the title: " A joint resolution
(H. R. No. 37) in relation to certain railroads in
the State of Missouri."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not show what
it is.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Letitbe rcadin full,and
then we shall know what it is.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
By the fourth section of" An act granting the
right of way to the State of Missouri and a por-
tion of the public lands to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State,"approved June
10, 1852, it was provided, " that the said lands,
hereby granted to the said State, shall be subject
to the disposal of the Legislature thereof, for the
purposes aforesaid and no other; and the said
railroads shall be and remain public highways for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge upon the transport-
ation of any property or troops of the United
States." This grant of lands has, by virtue of the
act, and of an act of the Legislature of the State
of Missouri, been applied in the construction of
the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad, constructed
and owned by the Hannibal and St. Joseph Rail-
road Company, and the Pacific railroad by the
Pacific Railroad Company, which last-mentioned
road is finished and running from St. Louis to
Rolla. The ability ofthese railroad companies to
transport the property and troops of the United
States oyer their respective railroads has been
greatly impaired by the destruction of bridges,
uepots, and other property, and the partial de-
struction of the roads by the public enemies. In
consideration ofthese circumstances and in view of
the pressing public necessities, the United States,
not waiving the right to have their property and
troops transported free from toll or other charge
by the railroads, as contemplated by the reserva-
tion in the act of 1852, the resolution proposes to
authorize the.Secretary of War to make such an
adjustment with the Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company and the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.for the transportation, past and prospective,
of the property and troops of the United States
over those railroads during the existence of this
rebellion, as in view of the public exigency may
be just and reasonable, and liquidate the same;
but the sums paid are to bo as near as may be to
thecostof transporting such property and troops,
and not exceeding the prices fixed by the War
Department on the 12th of July, 1861, for trans-
portation by railroads.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the present consideration of the joint
resolution!
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand it
from hearing it read. There is no explanation of
the circumstances, except in the preamble. I
shall not object to its consideration, if the commit-
tee report it.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, If it is con-
sidered, I will state the facts.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I shall make no objection
to taking it up.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
considered as in Commmittee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 will make
a very brief explanation of the joint resolution.
We granted lands to these railroads, and we after-
wards graduated the price of the lands, reducing
their value very much. It is stated that the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company have only
realizedaboutonehundred thousand dollars from
the lands granted to them. A provision was in-
serted in those bills granting the lands, that the
companies should carry troops and munitions of
war of the United States free of charge. This
rebellion was not then contemplated. The roads
have been broken up, many of the employes have
been harmed, several of them have been killed.
It was stated before the committee that nine per-
sons who had been employed by the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Company have been killed in the
performance of their duty The proposition is to
authorize the Secretary of War to pay these roads
for the transportation of troops and munitions of
war the ordinary common price paid to railroads.
Those who represent the roads say—at any rate
this is said of the Hannibal and St. Joseph rail-
road—that they have used up all their means; that
they owe the persons employed in their service,
and who have been employed at the risk of their
lives during the troubles in Missouri, five months'
pay; and that they cannot run the road and per-
form these duties ten days longer, unless they
receive the ordinary compensation paid by the
Government for performing such service. It is
estimated that the amount due the Hannibal and
St. Joseph railroad, by the provisions of this res-
olution, will be near two hundred thousand dol-
lars. What is true of that road, is nearly true of
the Pacific railroad. The roads have been torn
up; the companies have incurred large expendi-
tures; and, although I believe the Federal Gov-
ernment has done something towards rebuilding
bridges on these roads, they have suffered a great
deal in their property. They have exhausted their
means, and they say they cannot go on any longer.
They are anxious for prompt action, and they
ask that the Government shall pay them the or-
dinary compensation which is paid for this kind
of work, and no more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the chairman
whether that includes pay for all they have done
and all they are to do?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
for what they have done and what they are to do.
It will not exceed $200,000 in the aggregate prob-
ably, for the Hannibal and St. Joseph road.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. In addition to
what has been said by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I will remark that the
exclusive business, or nearly so, on both of these
roads, for many months past, has been confined
to Government transportation, and that the de-
struction of property upon these roads has been
in consequence of their willingness to transport
troops and munitions of war for the United States.
If they had refused to accommodate the Govern-
ment, the probability is that the roads would not
have been destroyed. But both these roads have
faithfully transported all the troops and munitions
of war that have been required by the General
Government, from the commencement of the diffi-
culties in Missouri up to the present time; and I
am informed by those who are interested in the
roads that the companies cannot run them any
longer unless they are aided by the General Gov-
ernment, unless the Government will pay them,
in the language of this resolution, the mere cost
of transportation upon their roads—not the ordi-
nary charges, but the mere cost of transporta-
tion. This resolution has been examined by two
committees in the House of Representatives, the
Judiciary Committee and a special committee, both
of which recommended the passage of theresolu-
tion. It has also been recommended by a com-
mission appoi n ted by the War Departmen t, which
is now sitting in St. Louis for the purpose of ex-
amining claims in relation to the war, all of which
documents we have here, and they can be read.
These companies have furnished men to run the
trains from last February up to the present time,
and they are largely indebted to their employes.
Many of them have not been paid, as I am in-
formed, for the last four months, and it will be
utterly impossible for these companies to run the
roads much longer unless they are aided by the
General Government. In consideration of the cir-
cumstances, an appeal has been made to Congress,
in order that they may be paid the actual cost of
transportation for the timepastand for the future.
In regard to the lands donated to these compa-
nies, the Hannibal and St. Joseph company have
received some five hundred thousand acres of land,
perhaps. It was donated to them on the condition
that they should acquire title to it only as twenty
miles of the road should be completed. During this
time, the act for the graduation of the public lands
having been passed by Congress, the company
was prevented from realizing, to any great extent,
from the sale of their lands. Their lands are now
on hand and cannot be soldfor anything. Agrant
of land was also made to the Pacific road, but
that road, commencing at St. Louis, and extend-
ing only to the town of Rolla, has not acquired
any lands of value. On the first part of the road,
from St. Louis to Franklin, thirty-eight miles
through a long and old-settled country, they ac-
quired very little land, and what they did acquire
was of no present value. From Franklin to
Rolla, a distance of some sixty-odd miles, they
acquired some lands which have proved valuable,
and they have realized, as I am informed, about
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars from the
sale of those lands. We think that this proposi-
tion is just upon its face, and that it ought to be
passed'by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This joint resolution, in
my estimation, involves two very important con-
siderations, which ought not to be hastily passed
upon, as it seems to me, by the Senate. In the
first place, it brings up the question of paying
damages for property destroyed by the rebels.'
That is a very large and a very important ques-
tion. It applies not only to railroads, but to in-
dividuals. I myself, only last night, received a
letter from the daughter of a widow, residing in
southwest Missouri, whom I formerly knew, a
most estimable lady, living upon a small place,
and just barely able to make a living, who was
driven from her home,-insulted, and all her little
property taken. She came down to St. Louis,
where she had a son at school, who, on seeing the
distresses of his mother, volunteered, and was in
the charge upon Springfield, in which he was slain,
and the mother is now in destitute circumstances.
There are hundreds and thousands of such cases.
Now, the first bill that comes in is to compensate
a railroad company for bridges that have been de-
stroyed. That principle is involved in this propo-
sition. What shall we have to do with the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The Senator will yield the floor to
allow a message to be received from the House of
Representatives.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk,
requesting the return from the Senate of House
joint resolution No. 37, in relation to certain rail-
roads in the State of Missouri, in order that a
clerical omission might be supplied.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The other suggestion which
I was going to make, I will only mention, as I see
that the joint resolution will be disposed of in a
moment in accordance with the message which
has just come from the House of Representatives
I do not say that I shall vote against this joint
resolution, but I think it ought to be considered;
and the other suggestion which I was going to
make is, that there are a number of other railways
to winch grants of land have been made that stand
in the same situation; or rather the grants of land
have generally been made to the States, and then
the States have turned them over to the companies.
That is the case with our Illinois Central railroad,
which has transported thousands of troops, and
the same question will arise there. Although it
is said in the preamble to this joint resolution,
that the United States do not waive the right to
have their property and troops transported free
from toll or other charge by these railroads, still
we all understand that if we now pass a bill pay-
ing one railway company, we shall be unable to
resist the claims of the others for payment also.
I submit this, not that I am now prepared to take
ground against the proposition, but that it may
have the consideration of Senators, and we may
see the effect of what we do. I move now to take
up the communication from the House of Repre-
sentatives, asking the return of this joint resolu-
tion, and I move that the Secretary of the Senate
be directed to return it, in accordance with the re-
quest of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agree'd to; and the Secrete.-;;
was directed to return the joint resolution to the
House of Representatives.
MANAGEMENT Oi' TUB WASHINGTON JAIL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I submit a
resolution, and I ask for its consideration now, if
there be no objection:
• Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Coium-
