1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
placed at the head of that committee, and he does
not wish to be upon the committee himself.
Mr. WADE. If this subject shall be referred
at this period to a select committee, I am satisfied
that it will be the end of this measure of confis-
cation. The proposition comes, as { said before,
from an enemy of this bill, a man bent upon its
destruction. If the friends of the measure will
weakly yield to this, they give up the whole case.
Here we have been more than four months brood-
ing over this. Every proposition has been pre-
sented,and itis as easy now forany man to test his
measure by way of amendment to this bill as by
referring it to a committee. We know the prop-
osition of every Senator that has submitted a
proposition. Several of them have been offered,
and voted down. If any one has a proposition
on hand, now is the time for him to bring it for-
ward ; let him offer it as an amendment, and if he
shall be sustained by a majority of the Senate,
his proposition will be the triumphant one; but
it is a renunciation of the whole question now to
refer it to a select committee. What cannot be
agreed upon now in open Senate, and under the
yeas and nays, certainly cannot be agreed upon
in committee. You cannot find seven members
here who will agree exactly upon a measure, and
when they report, we shall be no nearer to an
agreement than we are now. Therefore I shall
regard this as a test question upon the subject of
confiscation.
Mr. CLARIC. When the motion was made to
commit this subject to a select committee, I was
inclined to favor it; but upon more mature reflec-
tion, I am satisfied that it is not a wise course, for
I think, after the evidence we have had of the dis-
agreement and difference among Senators, it will
be impossible for the report of a committee to
settle the question. We have got to have this dis-
cussion in the Senate, and we shall have to adopt
the best system that we can get upon a compari-
son of the views of all Senators. If we commit
it, one of two things will happen: cither it will
be killed in the committee, or there will be a re-
port in regard to it; and if there shall be a report,
we shall have the discussion over again. I there-
fore think we may as well continue now until we
get a vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that this motion
to refer all the propositions before the Senate will
prevail. I feel somewhat anxious to see a bill
matured to which I can give my vote. I am op-
posed to the proposition reported by the Senator
from Illinois from the Judiciary Committee; I
never can vote for it; and yet a proposition may
be matured that I am perfectly willing to vote for.
I know it may be said that it does not matter
whether my vote be cast for it or not. I suppose
it does not; but I would infinitely prefer that some
proposition should be matured'which the border
State men can vote for, or at least some of them. I
do not intend to get excited about it. If the Sen-
ate desire to pass this bill, they can do so. The
indications are, I think, this evening, that the bill
will become a law; but let me suggest whether, if
this bill becomes a law, the property even of lead-
ing rebels is to be taken from them without the
payment of their just and honest debts to loyal
citizens. There is no provision here for that case.
Mr. WILMOT. An amendment may be offered
to cover it.
Mr. HENDERSON". 1 know an amendment
may be offered; but cannot a committee mature
the measure just as well as it can be done in the
Senate, and much better? Are we to have the
discussion renewed over every proposition that
may be made here? The very suggestion I have
now made may bring about a discussion lasting
for four, five, or ten days. If commissioners are
to go and take possession of the property of dis-
loyal men throughout the seceded States, even
when they are reduced to submission, and the
payment of their honest and just debts is to be
avoided by the Government, the loyal men of the
community may complain that injustice is being
done them.
Let me make another suggestion. There is a
proposition contained in this bill about w*hich I
have said nothing heretofore, but I will mention
it now, and I will never vote for it so long as it
remains in that shape. I know that Senators say
this is a slaveholders' rebellion. I know, sir, that
this rebellion exists in its force and in its power
in the slaveholding States, and slavery has had
much to do, I acknowledge, in originating it, in
fomenting it, and in keeping it alive to the present
time. That urges upon us the greater necessity,
in legislating upon the subject, to legislate with a
view to the prejudices of the people; and the re-
marks made by the honorable Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cowan] are worthy of reflection,
and worthy of notice by all Senators. These
prejudices exist, itis impossible forme to eradi-
cate them; it is impossible for all the Senators on
this floor to eradicate them. They are there.
They are a living, existing thing, ana we cannot
remove them. It is utterly impossible by any
legislation that we can perfect and mature here to
remove these prejudices.
There is a proposition in this bill changing the
burden of proof on the slaveholder when he at
tempts the recapture of his fugitive slave. I will
not vote for it. I will vote for a proposition say-
ing that it may be set up in defense against the
slaveholder that he is disloyal, and if in that de-
fense it is shown that he is disloyal, he may lose
his negro. I will not, however, vote for a prop-
osition which puts the burden of proof upon the
southern people to prove their loyalty. Do you
not change the whole burden of proofby one sec-
tion of this bill ? You take it for granted that every
man who is the owner of slaves is a disloyal man.
I cannot vote for it. Will you blindly legislate in
this manner ? There are men in the border slave-
holdingStateswho have withstood all the violence
and all the powerof this rebellion', men who have
shown their loyalty amidst scences that might
have driven many who are now loyal in the non-
slaveholding States againstthe Government; these
men have remained loyal and continue to remain
so; but yet you tell them "if you undertake to
asserta right which has been acknowledged,justly
or unjustly, in times gone by, when you attempt
in the State of Illinois or Indiana to recapture your
slave, the burden of proof is against you,'' and
why ? "Simply bccause yon are a slaveholder, not
because you were engaged in the rebellion, but
you must show a precedent fact before you can re-
coveryour property." I submit to Senators that
that is unfair and unjust. You may cail it a slave-
holders' rebellion if you please, but if you find a
loyal slaveholder, do not impose restrictions, do
not impose burdens upon him that were not here-
tofore upon him. If you make this discrimination,
if you make this difference, I submit to you that
you have embittered again a large number of
southern men.
Now, sir, I think that these things can be better
done before the committee than anywhere else.
I know that gentlemen say, " if you vote for this
proposition to refer back again to a committee,
you are opposed to this measure, and you sympa-
thize with the rebellion." I do not suppose that
anybody who knows my opinions will dream of
any sympathy on my part with this rebellion. I
have gone through scenes that will protect mc
against any such suspicion whatever, and hence
it is unnecessary for me to make any argument on
that subject.
I think a bill can be matured. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] has prepared a
bill which he has read to me, many of the provis-
ions of which I can support. The larger portion
of the provisions of the bill introduced by the ex-
cellent Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
I can support. My impression is that the whole
law punishing treason ought to be changed, and
therein I agree with the gentleman from Vermont.
There ought to be a change in the law which will
obviate one of the difficulties now presented in the
Constitution of theUnited States against punishing
in the mode that you aim to arrive at. I will not
vote for a proposition, andif gentlemen will think
for one moment of the constitutional provision,
they cannot vote for a proposition that will take
the life of the traitor and then confiscate his prop-
erty absolutely. That cannot be done. It is noth-
ing but a punishment for treason. It has been
placed upon no other ground by Senators on this
floor. Then I will not take his property without
judicial investigation. I cannot do it. Give him
a hearing; let him be heard. There are hundreds
and thousands of men in the border slaveholding
States who, when the reign of terror first com-
menced, were driven into it. Itis true they might
have gotten out of it, but*it is not so in the more
southern States. There is a government defacto
there, and they are compelled by every regard
that they have for their lives and their property
to uphold that de facto government; but they will
be very glad, indeed, to see your armies march
there; they will be very glad again to recognize
the power of the Government of the United States
in the seceded States.
Then, sir, I would suggest that it is no confis-
cation bill that is going to put down treason. The
gentlemen at Richmond now are passing a bill I
believe to throw open their ports to the commerce
of all the world except the United States; they
proposed give the privilege to all the world to
deal with them free and to enter their ports, ex-
cept the people of the United States; and that,
strange to say, is at the moment when the United
States have completely blockaded their ports, and
if any people can get into them it must be the
people of the United States and nobody else.
Now, sir, we are passing a bill to do what? To
confiscate all the property, real and personal, of
rebels. Had we not better conquer those men
first? When you do get them conquered and can
set up courts in their States, when you can get
the machinery of the law to operate in the sece-
ded States, why can you not give them a trial and
punish them as the civilization of the age demands
and as our Constitution and laws have always de-
manded? You cannot take away their property
until you shall have marched your armies there
and shall have reduced this rebellion. Then your
bill is a hrutumfulnien; it is an idle declaration,
just as idle as the declaration on the part of those
men at Richmond, throwing open their ports to
all the world except the United States; it is doing
something that accomplishes nothing on our part.
Then letus change the law of treason, because, as
was very properly said by the Senator from Ver-
mont, you cannot dream of hanging six millions
of people. You cannot hang a million.
Mr, CLARK. Will the Senator permit me to
make a suggestion ? I agree with him entirely in
the proposition to change the law for treason; I
shall be very happy to vote with him on that; but
the question is, cannot we perfect the bill in the
Senate as well as by committing itto a committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think not. My opinion
is that by a reference of all these various propo-
sitions we shall save time. 1 shall vote for the
motion to refer, not with a view of crippling the
measure, not with a view of delaying it, but with
a view of facilitating the ends that its friends have
in view. Even if I were opposed to any bill on
this subject, I would not throw any obstacle in the
way of the friends of the bill. There are meas-
ures that I can vote for. I will vote forany meas-
ure taking from the rebel his slaves and all his
personal property, provided I do it within the
limits of the Constitution. If, on conviction, we
can forfeit his personal property, as is suggested
by some gentlemen, I will do it; if the real estate
can be taken only during his life, let us change the
law of treason and put him in prison and confis-
cate his property duiing life. 1 am willing to go
to any extent, provided you have a judicial in-
vestigation.
Mr. WADE. I want to ask the Senator one
question. I understood him to say that there was
a de facto government in the southern States that
the people there were bound to submit to. Did I
understand him aright?
Mr. HENDERSON. I said this: that there
were thousands of men who felt loyal in the south-
ern States, who, in order to protect their own lives,
their persons, their families, and their property
from overthrow, were compelled to give acquies-
cence to the existing government there.
Mr. WADE. That I did not doubt; but I un-
derstood the Senator to say that there was a de
facto government which they were bound to sus-
tain.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did say there was a
de facto government there, and the gentleman
from Ohio does not deny that there is a de facto
government in the seceded States. I do not say
it is a government de jure; I deny that proposi-
tion; but there is a government de facto there.
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator hold that the
people there are bound to sustain that government?
Mr. HENDERSON. I hold this, that men
would be in very great danger in the southern
States that would not obey it.
Mr. WADE. That might be.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is all I intended to
say. My argument is simply that we ought to
