364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 20,
S'Tth Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
he is hereby, authorized and empowered to con-
tract with such person or persons as he shall deem
most for the public service for raising such ves-
sels, their armaments, stores, or equipments,
belonging to the United States, and sunk in the
waters thereof; and that the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated to carry the provisions of this act into
effect.
Approved, June 17,1862.
Chap. CV.—An Act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to change the Names of certain
Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
bo, and hereby is, authorized to change the name
of the sfbooner " Frank Pierce," owned by A.
Emerson and Company, of Youngstown, State of
New York, to thatof" General Sigel;"and also
to change the name of the vessel" Maury," owned
by A. A. Low and Brothers, of Brooklyn, State
of New York, to that of " Benefactress;" and also
to change the name of the bark " Henry H. Di-
dier," owned by William Applegarth and Wil-
liam Hubbard, of Baltimore, State of Maryland,
to that of the " Flora;" and to grant said vessels
registers in said respective names.
Approved, June 17, 1862.
Chap. CVI1I.—An Act to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue American Registers to
certain Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby dnccted to issue American registers to the
vessels "North Star" and "Dolphin," of the
Oswego collcction district, in the State of New
York, the same being Canadian-built vessels, but
now owned by American citizens.
Appko\ed, June 18, 186S.
Chap. CIX.—An Act providing that the Officers
of Volunteers shall be paid on the Pay-Rolls
of the Regiments or Companies to which they
belong.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That company officers of volunteers
shall be paid on the muster and pay-rolls of their
company, party, or detachment, and not other-
wise, except when such officer may be on detached
service without troops, or on leave of absence.
Approved, June 18,1862.
Chap. CX,—Ail Act making Appropriations for
Postal Service on Post Routes established at the
present session of Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for postal service on such mail routes
established by the present Congress as the Post-
masici General may deem necessary and expe-
dient.
Approved, .Tune 18, 1862.
Chap. CXI.—An Act to secure Freedom to till
Persons within the Territories of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude m any of the Territories of the United
States now existing, or which may at any time
hereafter be formed or acquired by the United
States, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.
Approved, June 19,1862.
Chap. CXI I.—An Act to change [lie location of
I lie Pol t of Entry for the Paget Sou.nd Collec-
t ion £>istrict.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of JXmcrica in Congress
assembled, That from and after the first day of Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the port
of PortTownsend,in the district of Puget Sound,
in Washington Territory, is hereby abolished as
a port of entry'; and that Port Atigelos be, and is
hereby, established as the port of entry and deliv-
ery for the said district from and after the said
date.
Approved, June 19,1862.
Chap. CXVI.—An Act to change the Port of
Entry for the District of Brunswick, Georgia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the port
of entry for the district of Brunswick, Georgia,
shall be Brunswick, and that Darien shall be abol-
ished as the port of entry.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a deputy collector appointed, according
to law, to reside at Darien, and to exercise such
powers as the Secretary of the Treasury, under
the revenue laws, may prescribe.
Approved, June 20,1862.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act to provide Internal Rev-
enue to support the Government and to pay
Interest on the Public Debt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the XJnited States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of superintending
the collection of internal duties, stamp duties, li-
censes, or taxes imposed by this act, or which
may bo hereafter imposed, and of assessing the
same, an office is hereby created in the Treasury
Department to be called the office of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to nom-
inate, and, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint, a Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, with an annual salary of four thousand
dollars, who shall be charged, and hereby ia
charged, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, with preparing all the instructions,
regulations, directions, forms, blanks, stamps,
and licenses, and distributing the same, or any
part thereof, and all other matters pertaining to
the assessment and collection of the duties, stamp
duties, licenses, and taxes, which may be neces-
sary to carry this act into effect, and with the gen-
eral superintendence of his office, as aforesaid, and
shall have authority,and hereby is authorized and
required, to provide proper and sufficient stamps
or dies for expressing and denoting the several
stamp duties, or the amount thereof in the case
of percentage duties, imposed by this act, and to
alter and renew or replace such stamps from time
to time, as occasion shall require; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may assign to the office of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue such number
of clerks as he may deem necessary, or the exi-
gencies of the public service may require, and the
privilege of franking all letters and documents per-
taining to the duties of his office, and of receiving
free of postage all such letters and documents, is
hereby extended to said commissioner.
general provisions.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of,assessing, levying, and collecting the
duties or taxes hereinafter prescribed by this act,
the Piesident of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to divide, respectively, the
States and Territories of the United States and
the District of Columbia into convenient collection
districts, and to nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint an
assessor and acollector for each such district, who
shall be residents within the same: Provided, That
any of said States and Territories, and the Dis-
trict of Columbia, may, if the President shall deem
it proper, be erected into and included in one
district: Provided, That the number of districts
many otate shall not exceed the number of Rep-
resentatives to which such State shall be entitled
in the present Congress, except in such States as
are entitled to ail increased representation in the
1 hn ty-Eighth Congress, in which States the num-
ber of districts shall not exceed the number of Ren-
resontatives to which any such State may be so
entitled: And provided further, That in the State of
California the President may establish a number !
of districts not exceeding the number of Senators
and Representatives to which said State is entitled
in the present Congress.
Sec. 3. Jlni be it further enacted, That each of
the assessors shall divide his district into a con-
venient number of assessment districts, subject to
such regulations and limitations as may be im-
posed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
within each of which he shall appoint one assist-
ant assessor, who shall be resident therein; and
each assessor and assistant assessor so appointed,
and accepting the appointment, shall, before he
enters on the duties of his appointment, take and
subscribe, before some competent magistrate or
some collector, to be appointed by virtue of this
act, (who is hereby empowed to administer the
same,) the following oath or affirmation, to wit:
" I,AB,doswear or affirm (as the case may be)
that 1 will bear true faith and allegiance to the
United States of America, and will support the
Constitution thereof, and that I will, to the best
of my knowledge, skill, and judgment diligently
and faithfully execute the office and duties of as-
sessor for (naming the assessment district) with-
out favor or partiality, and that 1 will do equal
right and justice in every case ill which I shall
act as assessor." And a certificate of such oath
or affirmation shall be delivered to the collector of
the district for which such assessor or assistant
assessor shall be appointed. And every assessor
or assistant assessor acting in the said office with-
out having taken the said oath or affirmation shall
forfeit and pay one hundred dollars, one moiety
thereof to the use of the United States, and the
other moiety thereof to him who shall first sue for
the same, with costs of suit.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That before
any such collector shall enter upon the duties of
his office, he shall execute a bond for such amount
as shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with not less than five
sureties to be approved as sufficient by the Soli-
citor of the Treasury, containing the condition
that said collector shall faithfully perform the
duties of his office according to law, and shall
justly and faithfully account for and pay over to
the United States, in compliance with the order
or regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury,
all public moneys which may come into his hands
or possession; which bond shall be filed in the
office of the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
And such collectors] shall, from time to time,
renew, strengthen, and increase their official bonds,
as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each
collector shall be authorized to appoint, by an
instrument of writing under his hand, as many
deputies as he may think proper, to be by him
compensated for their services, and also to revoke
any such appointment, giving such notice thereof
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
prescribe; and may require bonds or other securi-
ties, and accept the same from such deputy; and
each such deputy shall have the like authority, in
every respect, to collect the duties and taxes levied
or assessed \vithin the portion of the district as-
signed to him which is by this act vested in the
collectoriiimself; buteach collector shall in every
respect be responsible both to the United States,
and to individuals, as the case may be, for all
moneys collected, and forevery act done as deputy
collector by any of his deputies whilst acting as
such, and for every omission of duty: Provided,
lhat nothing herein contained shall prevent any
collector from collecting himself the whole or any
part of the duties and taxes so assessed and pay-
able in 1ns district.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of any person or persons, partner-
ships, firms, associations, or corporations, made
liable to any duty, license, slump, ortax imposed
by this act, when not otherwise and differenily
provided for, on or before the first day of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and onoi before
the first Monday of May in each year thereafter,
and in all other cases before the "day of levy, to
make a list or return to the assistant assessor of
the district whore located, of the amount of annual
income, the articles or objects charged with a
special duty or tax, thequamity of goods, wares,
and merchandise made or sold,"and charged with
