1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
go there and give those people an opportunity of
again showing their loyalty before turning loose
their negroes, and taking their property by com-
missioners, merely because they may have ac-
quiesced in a de facto government.
Now,Mr. Piesident,inconclusion,letmehope i
that Senators will refer this proposition. I do not
think there is any disposition on the partof those
who have opposed the measure in its present
terms, to defeat any proposition at all. If one can
be adopted within the limits of the Constitution,
I will go as far as any one, but do not let us go
contrary to the Constitution. Whatever measure
may be adopted, let it be clearly within the limits
of that instrument.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the prop-
osition by instructing the committee to report at
an early day, say Monday or Tuesday of next
week, so that there shall be no delay. I believe,
myself, that if gentlemen representing the differ- i
ent shades of opinion can get together in a com- j
mittee of seven, they can bring out of the mass j
of propositions a bill for which men who differ |
m opinion here can conscientiously vote, and to i
which they can give their support, and accom- j
plish the great object. l
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the j
Senator from VVisconsin if he does not know that i
this bill has been before a committee of seven ? If
he thinks another seven would be better, very
well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. These other propositions
have not been before the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, every one of them
has been before the Committee on the Judiciary,
except that which has been submitted by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who is a member of the
committee, and that which has been submitted by
the Senator from Vermont. The propositions of
the Senator from New York and of the Senator
from Ohio have both been before the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin state his proposed amend-
ment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is that the committee
be instructed to leport by Monday next.
Mr. CARL1LE. 1 have always understood it
to be within the power of the Senate at any tune
to instruct its committees, or any one of them, to
report upon any matter referred, if in the opinion
of the Senate the committee has unreasonably de-
layed a report. This is a reply, if not an answer,
to the argument of the Senator from Ohio against
referring the various propositions before the Sen-
ate to a select committee. I may be allowed to
express the hope that it will be the pleasure of the
Senate to adopt the lesolution. I cannot hope that
anything I may say will influence Senators. It
is said that the bill and amendments have been
before the Senate for a long tune. Some of the pi o-
posed amendments have been intioduced within
the last few days. The very discussion which has
been had sincc the Senator from Illinois reported
this bill, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
will facilitate the select committee m coming to
their conclusions, and 111 making a report. The
various opinions of Senators here have been ex-
pressed in the hearing of gentlemen who will serve
upon the committee. Now, sir, for myself, I deny
utterly all power in the Congress of the United
States to pass what gentlemen call a confiscation
bill, while I fully admit the power of Congress to
provide additional punishment for treason. Hencc,
I was forcibly struck with the amendment sub-
mitted by the distinguished Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] and I listened with in-
finite pleasure to the very able speech which he
made in support of his views.
A measure emanating from a committee with
that Senator at its head would command not only
in this body the confidence of its members, but it
would go with additional weight before the coun-
try. I think it a circumstance not to be over-
looked in any measure that the Senate may pass
upon this subject, that it shall have the sanction
not alone of a bare majouty of this body to the
exclusion of nearly every representative here from
a boi der slave State, but that it shall be acceptable
to the repivcent.iihes from States upon whose
people the bill is to act. Sir, something ousht to
be conceded to those who differ from the majority
here. No Senator supposes that the mere power
of force can of itself restore this Union, and bring
back the people of the seceded States again to a
proper regard for their constitutional obligations.
We can meet theirarmies, and I have no doabt we
shall in the future, as we have in the past, defeat
them; but, sir, it is one thing to defeat an army
in the field, and it is another and a very different
thing to hold and occupy seven hundred thousand
square miles of territory inhabited by a hostile
people. That is a consideration, it seems to me,
which should enter into the minds of gentlemen
who expect to see peace again in this country.
I admit the power of this Government. I have
confidence that if we but act wisely we shall
restore the supremacy of the Constitution and
bring back the people of the seceded States to their
allegiance, and I predicate that hope upon what I
believe to be the fact, that there is a loyal element
in those States that will aid you by the reorgani-
zation of their governments the very instant you
relieve them from the terror this organized rebel
force has brought upon them. But, sir, it occurs
to me—I may be wrong—if you sti ike down that
sentiment, if you drive it away from you, there
will be but little hope for an early peace. What
is there a man will fight for with more desperation
or die for more readily than he will for his prop-
erty. If you make it a war for property and for
homes, will it not, as the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania well remarked, unite the entire country? I
confess I have very little hope that peace will ever
again be enjoyed by the people of either the se- ;
ceded or the loyal States if measures such as are ;
proposed shall become laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend if he supposes that the loyal people of West-
ern Virginia would consider themselves very much
aggrieved i f Congress should authoi ize the seizure
of the propcity of Major Jenkins and other offi-
cers who have been harassingand killing them,
burning their houses and robbing them.
Mr. CARLILE. Not at all; nor do I think
such a conclusion was inferable from anything I
said, or could be drawn from any remark that I
have made. On the contrary, as I indicated the
other dav, I stand here ready to give my vote and
aid in the passage of some such proposition as
that submitted by the Senator from Vermont. I
believe that wc have the constitutional power to
proceed in that way. I believe, if you make it
a punishment for crime, and place in the discre-
tion of the court, where a party seems to be en-
titled to some clemency, not to hang him, but to
fine him, you can fine him to the entire extent of
his estate, and that you have the power to do it.
But, sir, it is not alone what we have the power
to do that we must consider. There is a question
of policy and expediency and humanity underly-
ing the whole of our action here.
As the Senator from Vermont remarked the
other day, we had as well tell ^he truth when com-
muning together. I desire always to speak what
I think. I have no concealments. 1 deal with
perfect frankness with Senators on this floor, and
I express my opinions and inferences not in an
offensive way at all, nor do I design to be offens-
ive to any one. I ^ive to others all the credit that
I claim for myself for patriotism and every other
proper motive that should influence Senators m
the discharge of their duties. But, sir, it has been
suggested, the inference has been drawn, and I
believe it maybe drawn, whether properly or not,
from what has occurred in this Senate, that the
chief object in these bills is the emancipation of
the slaves.
Now, let me make one remark to Senators. It
is sometimes said to me, You put slavery above
the Constitution. No such thing, sir; it is doing
me injustice, and, I believe, doing the loyal peo-
ple of the southern States injustice, to make the
charge. I might say that there are those who put
abolitionism above the Constitution. It is for the
: Constitution that they who think with me are
loyal; it is for the Union that that Constitution
has formed that they are loyal, and they have
been taught to believe that it is a constitutional
right that each separate member of this confeder-
acy has for itself to establish or abolish, to recog-
nize or prohibit slavery within the limits of its
territory; and therefore when I say you have not
the power to do this, I mean you have not the
, constitutional power. I do not place slavery
above the Constitution, nor do I say that physical
force may not do what the Constitution forbids.
When I speak of poweiyl mean constitutional
power.
Wherever our armies have gone slavery; to a.
greater or less extent, has been affected by it,and
must be affected by it; and there is not a man any-
where in the land that objects to rebel losses where
they are the legitimate result of- their own acts.-
Up to this hour I believe this Government can
stand before our own people and before the world,
and say that it has not by the exercise of arj>K
trary power interfered with the constitutional*
rights of the people in the seceded States. While
it is admitted on the floor by the distinguished
Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,] who has
himself a proposition on this subject, that he does
not expect a dollar to go into the Treasury of the
country, while the coffers of the Treasury are not
to be replenished by the passage of confiscation
bills, why press them ?
The argument is predicated upon the ground
that additional punishment should be provided for
treason; that many guilty parties can only be pun-
ished through their property. Then why not take
some such proposition as the one submitted by
the Senator from Vermont. Treason is a crime; ■
but is it supposed that in providing a punishment
for the traitor you can punish his State by taking
from it rights secured by the Constitution, or the
innocent citizens of that State by turning loose
upon its society the slaves of the traitor. And is
a provision in a confiscation bill, interfering with
slavery in the States, and declaring free a people
declared by the States to be slaves, any the less
an unconstitutional act than a like declaration in
a separate bill for the emancipation of the slaves
in the slave States? If you have the right to pun-
ish the traitor by taking from him and liberating
his slave, can you not prescribe a like punishment
for the man who robs yourmail,counterfeits your
coin, or commits any other crime punishable by
your courts? If such a power exists in this Gov-
ernment, of little value are the State governments,
and instead of a limited Federal Government we
have a central despotism. .
Mr. President, the white people of the slave-
holding States never will consent that the negro
shall be made their equal. This has been called
the slaveholders' rebellion, and slavery is said to
be the cause of the* war. The secession candi-
dates in Virginia for the convention that adopted
the ordinance of secession appealed to the non-
slaveholder and charged that it was the object of
the Republican party to place upon- an equality
with the whites the negroes of the country, and
instanced as evidence of the charge the laws of
those States that allow negroes to vote and sit
upoil juries, &c. Sir, the white man m thesfave-
holding States, non-slaveholder though he may
be, never will admit the negro as his equal or al-
low him to sit in the same jury box. It was this
apprehension and charges like these that united
slaveholder and non-slaveholder in these seceded
States.
I have sat here and listened to arguments on
this subject very near akin to those that have been
used by secessionists, and the action of these reb-
cls in their so-called confederate congress is cited to
us as a reason why we should thus act. Wc were
told this evening by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire that the rebels had enacted a confiscation
measure. I trust their example will not be fol-
lowed by this body in any particular. If we enact
anything making additional punishment for the
crime of treason, I hope it will not be because a
similar provision has been enacted by the rebel
congress.
It has been announced that there is a power
above the Government, and allusion has been
made to the people, that the people may exert their
power if a confiscation bill is not passed, and thus,
if any inference can be drawn, deprive the present
gentlemen who are discharging the people's trusts
from their places and usurp the power that legit-
imately belongs to the legislative or executive
branches of this Government. Sir, that was the
argument used in Richmond by the secessionists,
-lt'was that there was a power above that conven-
tion that demanded the overthrow of the Consti-
tution and the disruption of the Union. I mean
it not at all m any offensive sense, but if Senators
will pardon nve, I will repeat a remark that was
made to me a few days ago by, I believe, as loyal
a man as there is m this country. It was this:
" It does seem to me that Jeff Davis is running
two Congresses, and this one here in Washington
is doing him more service than the ©ne at Rich-
