864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
taking, a bribe, and was declared by act of Con-
gress to be ineligible to any office ? If there be
not', then we assent to the principle, and that is
whatlam after. The judicial decision would not
bindus; we are not bound to follow it; and although
the Supreme Court of the United States were to
decide that it was constitutional, that these acts of
1790 and 1853 were both constitutional acts, it
would be in the power of the Senate or of the House
of Representatives to admit a person thus declared
to be disqualified by the courts, and we might have
two decisions; the decision of the court binding
wherever judicial authority could reach, and the
decision of the Senate and of the House of Rep-
resentatives binding in reference to members of
their own bodies.
We are the judges of the qualifications and
election of the member; and we may inquire for
ourselves whether the facts of the case are such as
to disqualify the person from taking a seat here;
but the Senator from New York says, then the
Senate may out of caprice refuse a Senator a seat.
True, the Senate has the physical power to do a
very wrong act; and I will reply to the Senator
from New York by saying, so the Senate by a
two-thirds vote may through caprice expel a Sen-
ator The power'exists; but we are to presume
that ths Senate will be actuated by no such motive,
and that it would neither refuse a seat to a Senator
nor expel a Senator from any such considerations.
As the committee have not thought proper to
go into the testimony, I shall not discuss it in this
stage of the proceeding, and on the motion which
is now pending to refer the matter back to the
committee, which will test this question. It would
probably be unjust to bring out the testimony and
discuss it upon the question as it is now piesented
to the Senate; but if the whole case is to be de-
cided, it wiii bccome necessary to go into the test-
imony and see whether the Senator is properly
entitled to a seat here or not, or rather whether he
has disqualified himself from holding a seat by
his disloyalty to the Government of which he
seeks to become a member.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, the question
before the Senate is one, to my mind, of more im-
portance than any other question that I can now
imagine conld be presented to it for its consid-
eration. It involves not only the power of the
Seriate to exclude from a seat upon this floor a
member for disloyalty, but for any other cause
that, in the judgment of a majority of the Senate,
is sufficient to deprive a State of its representation
upon this floor. It is to that power of the Senate
to which I would respectfully call the attention of
fentlemen who are to take part in this discussion.
have no opinion as to the vote that I shall event-
ually give; but it does strike me that it would be
a fearful power to intrust to a majority of this
body—the right to exclude from representation
upon this floor the States of this Union. On the
other hand, it seems clear that the Senate ought
to possess the power to exclude one who comes
and seeks admission with treason in his heart.
But the Senator from Illinois says, in reply to
the remark made by the Senator from New York,
that the Senate is to be presumed to exercise this
power of exclusion properly; that the Senate will
not from capricious motive, or political motive if
you please, difference of political opinion, exclude
one, who comes here regularly appointed, from a
seat upon this floor. May it not be presumed that
the power under the Constitution to appoiTit or to
elect to a seat upon this floor will not appoint or
elect one who is unworthy to occupy it? When
the Constitution left to the Governor, in the case
of a vacancy, the power to appoint, and when it
provided that the Legislature should elect to this
body Senators to represent the State, is it not as
fair to presume that the appointing or the electing
power would be as careful to exclude from the
Senate one who is unworthy to represent the State
and to mingle in the deliberations of the body, as
it is that the body itself .would not improperly
exercise this power of excluding a member?
In the case before the Senate, the evidence touch-
ing the disloyalty ofthe person seeking admission
is ex parte entirely. It is not what the law calls
evidence. It is mere affidavits of parties asserted
by the person seeking admission to be hostile to
him politically and personally. Mr. Stark, in his
letter addressed to the committee, which accom-
panies the report, uses this language:
" It due to myself, however, that t should state that I
have examined all the papers referred to by the committee,
and that X find them, without a single exception, to ema-
nate from my bitterest political opponents. While I can-
not undertake to recall al) that I may have said in private
conversations during the prist twelvemonths of earncstand
often heated discussions of public alfairs, I do most sol-
emnly deciare that,in alorum'competentto try and deteim-
ine the issue, I am able to prove the allegations against my
loyalty to be utterly unfounded; that in many important
particulars the declarations of my assailants are false ; that
in others my language lias been perverted and wrested (rom
its true intent; and that in every respect the papers referred
to are calculated and were designed to sustain a theory
founded upon an opinion ahkeunjusttomy true sentiments
and discreditable to the candor of my accusers."
Now, is it not incumbent (and I put it in the
shape of an inquiry) upon the Senate to suppose
that in the State from whence the Senator comes,
where he has resided and to which he is indebted
for his appointment, his fitness in this particular,
his loyalty, if you please, is better understood
than it can possibly be here ? Is not the State
Legislature that elects, or the Governor of the
State that appoints, the proper judge of the qual-
ifications outside of the qualifications named in
the Constitution ? Of one thing, sir, I have no
doubt: the power to expel a member given to two
thirds of the Senate, is limited to conduct after
he becomes a Senator; and if the Senator from
Oregon is admitted to his scat, we cannot, for any
charges that may have existed prior to his appoint-
ment as a Senator, exclude him from this body.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question right there?
Mr. CARLILE. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if a traitor in arms
against the Government, Floyd, of Virginia, for
instance, were appointed—not from Virginia, be-
cause the Senator represents that Slate,but allow-
ing there was a vacancy from Virginia and Floyd
were appointed—docs the Senator hold that wo
should be bound to receive him as a member, and
could not expel him afterwards unless he did some
act after he was admitted to justify it?
Mr. CARLILE. In reply to the Senator from
Illinois, I will say that if admitted, we should have
no power to expel him for his previous conduct.
The power to expel, in my opinion, applies only
to conduct occurring after he becomes a Senator.
As to the other question, that is what I am now
seeking information upon; that is the question to
which I ask Senators who are prepared to discuss
the subject before the Senate to direct their argu-
ments. It would seem that such a power certainly
should belong to the Senate; and yetl might reply
as the Senator from Illinois replied to the Senator
from New York, that it is not to be presumed tlftit
a State of this Union, either through its Legisla-
ture or its Governor, would appoint or elect a
traitor to represent it in this body.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
put a question to him ?
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. Suppose the Governor of my
State should appoint one who was apparently an
honest man to the Senate, and we admitted him,
and after we admitted him he turned out to be a
horse-thief—that he had stolen a horse before he
came here—could we not expel him?
Mr. CARLILE. Well, sir, that is a very
strong case which the Senator puts. I think it is
not to be presumed that the Legislature of New
Hampshire or the Governor of New Hampshire
would select a horse-thief to represent them here.
If it should turn out that they did so, without
knowing that the individual was a horse-thief, it
is one of those unfortunate circumstances which I
think the State of New Hampshire, having acted
unadvisedly, would have to submit to.
A Senator holds his seat from his State. This
is the body that represents the States, and to the
State, and the State alone, is the Senator indebted
for his seat upon this floor.
Now, sir, I put this case to the Senator from
New Hampshire. It lias been the habit of the
majority in my State, those who for years past
have had control of the power of that State, and
who had control in this body, to maintain that the
sentiments held, I.will not say by the Senator, but
by those who do represent States upon this floor,
are disloyal, traitorous, and calculated to destroy
the Government. Suppose they had claimed this
j power of a majority to exclude from a seat on this
] floor those who in the judgment of that majority
I were disloyal; I ask would the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Summer] and otherSenators have
I retained their seats here? It has been maintained
as ardently that opinions entertained in certain
portions of this Union are disloyal, and are calcu-
lated to destroy the Government, as it is main-
tained by those who differ now as to the means
that are to be used to restore the Government.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator, if he will allow
me, states a different casp. I hold it to be a very
different thing to hold opinions which may lead
to the disruption of the Government from what it
is to be a traitor to the Government, and say that
I do not owe any allegiance to it.
Mr. CARLILE. He who denies his allegiance
to the Government may be, and is, unfit to parti-
cipate in the deliberations necessary to Che suc-
cessful administration of that Government; but I
have looked over this report, and I do not under-
stand that to be the case here. I see that the affi-
davits accompanying this report purport to give
conversations and expressions that have been ut-
tered in the presence of the affiants by Mr. Stark;
but I am unable to see that any one, even in these
affidavits, has asserted that Mr. Staik ever denied
his allegiance to this Government.
Mr. CLARK. I beg that the Senator will not
consider my remark as applying to the gentleman
from Oregon. I made it as a general remark.
Mr. CARLILE. Well, sir, as a general re-
mark the difficulty still recurs, is it to be presumed
that one denying his allegiance to the Government
would be appointed by a State to a seat in this
body? We can select cases which, it is almost
impossible at the time to imagine there is a remedy
provided for; but then the question comes back,
the Constitution having prescribed the qualifica-
tions; the Constitution having limited the power
of appointment; the Constitution having said that
no one who has not been an inhabitant of the Uni-
ted States for nine years; no one who is not a cit-
izen of the State; no one who has notattained the
age of thirty years, shall be eligible to a seat in
this body, is not everything else touching the fit-
ness or the qualification of the individual left to
the appointing power? It is not in any particular
or given case that I fear the precedent that may be
established by our action in this particular case;
but it does seem to me that there should be some
limit to the power of a majority over the action of
the States of this Union in the selection of their
representation here. As I before remarked, it is a
question of the gravest character. I can imagine
of none involving more serious consequences that
could be presented to this body. If a precedent
shall be established that a majority ean go outside
of the Constitution and seek for qualifications
other than those named in the Constitution, will
it not put it in the power of a majority of this
body forever to perpetuate itself "here, and to
exclude a minority of States from representation
upon this floor ?
In the case put by the Senator from Illinois, sup-
pose the State of Mississippi should return to her
loyalty to-morrow, as I trustshe will before many
months be compelled to do; suppose, if we can sup-
pose such a case, that one who has been engaged
in this rebellion should be selected by the Legis-
lature of that State to represent lier ill the Senate
of the United States; would it not be faiier to pre-
sume that that Legislature, thus loyal, as it would
have to be, had deliberately waived all the former
conduct of the Senator appointed and had feltthat
they could trust to his loyalty, and to him her
interests andthe interests of our common country?
If we establish the precedent which we may estab-
lish in our determination upon this question, might
not the power be given to ten, fifteen, or twenty
personal and political enemies to e'xclude from this
body the most loyal man within the State ? Sir, I
have been charged in my own town by gentlemen
of veracity, so far as anything that I could say
would go, with being not only untrue to my sec-
tion, but the vilest abolitionist in the land. It has
been published in the newspapers of the day and
gone abroad, and I have no doubt to-day that hun-
dreds of affidavits could be brought here testifying
not alone to what they call my black republican-
ism, but my ultra abolitionism; and if it should
have been my fortune to receive an appointment
from the Governor of my State as a Senator here,
two or three years ago, when those who concurred
in opinion with these opponents of mine were in
power, I might with the same propriety have been
excluded upon such affidavits.
But, sir, 1 grant you that we are now involved
in difficulties never anticipated by the framers of
