18B6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
roond." If I may be allowed to express an opin-
ion, I would say, from recent indications, that the
people will not by usurpation, but constitution-
ally, fill the places of trust that may becomc vacant
with representatives who will regard the preser-
vation of the Constitution, the institutions be-
queathed us by the founders of our Government,
and the peace of the country, of far more value
"than the interference with slavery in the States,
or the rights of the people to their property in the
respective States. The people of this country do
not, and will not say, as nas been said elsewhere,
that either "the Union or slavery will perish.''*
No, sir, the Union hangs by no such slender
thread. It was formed by slaveholding and non-
slaveholding States; it has endured for near three
fourths of a century under our present Constitu-
tion; and if we do not put the abolition of slavery
above the Constitution, it may and I believe will
endure for ages to come.
Sir, there are considerations to be looked to in
our action here, if we would restore the Union.
I repeat again, I have no doubt that we shall con-
quer their armies—none on earth. Itmust be so;
but when that is done, if they are "a united and
determined hostile people, we shall find it a very
different thing to hold and occupy their territory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster m
the chair.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin to the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to refer as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Browning. Cailile, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, JDoolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Henderson, Howe,
Latham, MeDougall, Nesmith, Powell, Salisbury, Stark,
Willoy, and Wilson ot Missouri—IB
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Dixon,
Grimes, Hale, Harris, Howard, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Moi nil, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkm&on, Wilmot, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright—22.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 30, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to the resolution
of the House of the 31st ultimo, relative to con-
tracts made by Augustus Schell, late collector of
New York, for packing, distributing, and deliver-
ing goods, &c., imported into the port of New
York; which was laid upon the tabic, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to the resolution of the House of the
14th instant, in relation to the purchase and dis-
tribution of cotton seed; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. GOODWIN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
to grant pensions; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, recommitted to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
HIGHWAYS IN TII13 DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. ROLLINS, ofNcw Hampshire, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with sundry
amendments, bill of the Senate No. 124, relating
to highways in the county of Washington and
District of Columbia.
The bill was read in extenso.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the amendments of the committee.
First amendment:
Insert tho.word " widmi -.o that the section will read :
That from and after the passage of thisaei it shall be law-
ful for the levy court of Washington county, in the District
of Columbia, to alter, repair, widen, and fegulate the pub-
lic loads and highways m said county, and to layout addi-
tional roads as hereinafter specified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Insert as follows: " And it may also cause the width of
any of the existing roads m said county to be increased to
not more than one hundred feet, and to change the location
of anj' of themso that it will read :
That hereafter, in laying out now roads in said county of
Washington, the levy court shall cause such roads to be
of a width of not less than fifty nor more than one hundred
feet, and it may also cause the width of any of the existing
roads, &,e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Insert the words a and wideningso that it will read :
And for the purpose of opening and widening such roads
the said levy court i5 hereby empowered to cause to be con-
demned any land or lands necessary for the same, as other
lands aie now condemned by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the Clerk to
read the second section.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be itfuither enacted, That all roads within
paid county oi Washington which have been used by the
public foi a period of twenty-five years or moie as a high-
way, and have been recognized by the said levy court as
public comity roads, and for the lepairs of which the said
levy com t has appropriated and expended money, are de-
clared public highways, whether the same have been re-
corded or not; and any peison who shall obstruct the free
use of said highways, or any one of them, without authority
from said levy court, shall be subject to a fine for each and
every offense of not less than $100 or moie than $250, to
he imprisoned till the t>aid fine and the costs of suit and
collection of the same are paid ; said fines to be collected
in the name of the United States for the use of the levy
couit.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to add the
following proviso:
That wherever any charter has been giantcd for a turn-
pike road in said county, which has not been kept in the
condition requned by the charter, it shall be vacated by the
levy court.
Mr. Speaker, I will simply say, in explanation
of my amendment, that the object of it is to compel
these turnpike road companies in the county of
Washington to keep their roads in good condition,
and for that purpose it proposes to give this power
to the levy court. Why, sir, we have turnpike
roads in this county that no man on earth would
recogmzc as such, they arc kept in such bad con-
dition, and yet the companies owning them go on
charging toll upon every horse and wagon pass-
ing over them. Some of them are worse than the
common dirt roads of the county. It is proper
that this levy court should have the power to in-
sist upon the conditions of the charter being ful-
filled.
Mr. CALVERT. I hope that the gentleman's
amendment will not be adopted. It will be a new
species of legislation to invest the levy court with
this power. It should be invested in a judicial
tribunal, and not in a levy coui t, which is incom-
petent to decide the question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It would seem as
though the judiciary here were owned by these
turnpike companies; and I think it is better to
place this matter in the hands of men who can
attend to it. I am in favor of simplifying it, and
therefore for placing this power with the levy
court.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. By what process does the
gentleman propose to carry out the power con-
ferred by his amendment?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. By the very sum-
mary process of declaring the charters to be
vacated.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. These charters are prop-
erty, and the paities cannot be divested of them,
except by process of law. It seems to me that
the amendment is inadequate to the purpose the
gentleman has m view.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CALVERT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, who reported this
bill, whether it contains any provision granting
an appeal from this levy court to the county
com t?
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. The bill
does not change the existing law.
Mr. CALVERT. 1 think that there ought to
be a provision inserted in this bill giving to any
j person who may feel aggrieved the right to appeal
l from the levy court to the county court.
I wish also to ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire whether the clause remains giving the
appointment of the surveyor to the levy court?
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. That
amendment was not agreed to by the committee.
The bill leaves the appointing power, so far as
the surveyor is concerned, where it is now under
the law. The amendments of the Committee for
the District of Columbia are only important for
the perfection of the bill. I hope the bill will
pass as it has been amended, and I now demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
theseof, the bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
bills of the following titles; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to the spe-
cial committee on the confiscation of rebel prop-
erty, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to confiscate the property of rebels for
the payment of the expenses of the present rcbel-
lion^and for other purposes; and
A bill to free from servitude the slaves of rebels
engaged in abetting the existing rebellion against
the Government of the United States.
EMANCIPATION IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. WICIvLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resohcd, That the Judiciary Committee inquire and re-
pot t by what authority General Hunter assumes the power
to emancipate the slaves m the mode and manner expressed
in the annexed printed ceitificate, purporting to have been
given by him, and report to this House whether the power
to emancipate slaves is given by any law to a military com-
mander ol the United States:
It having been proved, to the entire satisfaction of the
geneial commanding the department of the R'outh, that the
bearer. William Jenkins, heietoloie held m involuntary
semtiide, has been dnectly employed to aid and assist those
in lcbellion against the United States of America:
Now, be it known to all that, agreeably to the laws, I de-
clare the said person fiee, and torever absolved Irom all
claims to his services. Both he and his wife and bis chil-
dien have full right to go North, South, East, or West, as
they may decide.
Given under my hand, at the headquarters of the depart-
ment of the South, this 10th dav of April. A. D. I860.
D. HUNTER,
Major General Commanding.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. 1 thought if there were
objection it would come from the gentleman from
Illinois.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. WASHRURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the following resolu-
tions, reported from the select committee on Gov-
ernment contracts:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy ofthe Treasury be requested
to «idju-tlhe claim against the Government tor the five thou-
sand Hall cm bines, purchased through Simon Stevens,
E-q.jby Geneial John C. Fremont, on thefith day of August,
1C61, and alterwards deliveied at the United Statesaisenal
at the city of St. Louis, on the basis of a sale of such arms
to the Government for .$12 50 each, lejecttmj all other de-
mands against the Government on accountot the purchase
oi said arms.
Rcsotved, That the practice of employing hresponsible
paities, having no official connection with the Government,
in the peiforinancc of public duties which may be propeiiy
peri'oimed by regular officeis of the Government, and of
purchasing by puvate contract supplies for the different De-
partments, wheie open and faircompetition might bp piop-
erly invited by iea*onable advertisements, for ptopo^aN, is
injuuous to the public service, and meets the unqualified
disappiobation of this Uouse.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered for the
purpose of adding a proviso to the second reso-
lution:
That nothing herein contained shall be considered as re-
flecting on the'integuty of Major Geneial John C. Fremont.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] to lay upon the table.
