1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18B1
Mr. LOVEJOY. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion, so
that i may make a motion to reconsider for the
purpose I have indicated.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
has a right to appeal to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw his motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I would withdraw itif I'could
see any way by which the gentleman could get at
his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 17, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Beaman, Samuel S. Blair, Colfax, Eos-
coo Conkling, Franchot. IIoopci, Lovejoy, McPherson,
Moorhead, Anson P. Mornll, Sedgwick, Shank-*, Stevens,
Stratton, Trowbridge, Wall, and Albeit S. White—17.
NAYS—Mes>rs. Aldueh, Allen. Arnold, Joseph Baily,
Bakei. Diddle, Fianeis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Blake.
George 11. Browne, William G. Brown, BufTinton, Burn-
ham, Caiveit, Campbell, Chamberlin,'Clements,' Cobb,
Fredeiick A. Conkling. Cox, Crisficld, Crittenden, Cutler,
Dawes, Delano, Diven^ DuHI, Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, Ely,
English, Fenton, Frank, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gurley,
Haight,'llall, Hanehett, Harding, Harrison, llolnian, Hor-
ton, llutchin*, Julian, William Kellogjr, KilUngcr,Knapp,
Leary, Lehman, Loomw, McKmchf, Mallory, Ma}, Men-
zies, Mitchell, Justin S. Moirill, .Morris, Nocll, Noiton,
Nuyen, Odell, Oltn, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Portei,
Potior, Price, John II. ltice, Richard: on, Riddle, Robinson,
Edwaid H. Rollins, Jamee S. Rollins, Sai«ent, Sheffield,
Shellabargei, Sinel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas*, Fiancis Thomas, Train,
Trimble, Van lloru, Van Valkenbuigh, Verree, Vibbard,
Vooihees, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Ward, Washhume,
Webster, Wheeler. WicklifTe, Wilson, Windom, Wood,
Woodiuff, and Worcc-stei—107.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. 13IDDLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ancoka still continued unwell.
Mr. VAN VALItENBURGH stated that his
colleague, Mr. Pomeroy, had been confined by
sickness for the last ten days, and still was con-
fined.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. Washbuiinj^'s motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
Mr. Stevexs's amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I have made a motion to reconsider the vote order-
ing the main question.
The SPEAKER. That has just been laid on
the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood my colleague's
motion to be to reconsider and lay on the table
the vote that has just been taken.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What question is the gen-
tleman debating?
The SPEAKER. A point of order.
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. Is that debatable?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is stating his
point.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 think that under the cir-
cumstances I am entitled to have a vote on my
motion.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only correct
mistakes of its own, not mistakes of the member.
It would have enough to do then.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think so. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
Mr. Steye.ys's amendment to the second resolu-
tion, which was to strike out the word "through,"
and insert in lieu of it the woid " from;" so that
the resolution will read:
Resolved, That the Societaty ofthe Treasury be requested
to adjust the claim aiMtn^t the Government tor the five thou-
sand Hall caibim>, putcluwd fioiii Simon Stevens, E-=q.,
by Gene! il John*' Fiummt.on tlieOth day ot August, 13(51,
and atteiwaid-5 deiiveicri at t lie Uiutf d Suite*- ar-enal at the
city of St. Loui^, on the ba^ot a *ale of >-ucli aim5: to the
GoVeniment lor C>0 cacb, njcciuig all other demands
against the Govei anient on aceountof the ptucha-e of said
auiL>.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS — .We^is. Aldueh, Arnold, Baker, Beaman. Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bumh un. Campbell, Oliam-
herlin. Colfax, Fredeiuk A. Conkling, Roseoo Conkhng,
Cutler, Diven, Duell, Eliot, Ely, Franchot, Frank, Granger,
Hanehett, Hulchius, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovejoy, McKnisht, McPherson, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson P. iUorril), Justin S. Morrill, Olin, Patton,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Porter, Potter, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Stevens, Strafton, Tumble. Trowhiidge,Van Valkenburgh,
Verree, Wall, Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wheeler, Albert's.
WlnU\ Wilson, Windom, and Woicester—60.
NAY'S—Mef&is. Al'en, Joseph Baily, Biddle, Francis
P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, George II. Browne, William G.
Blown, Buflinton, Calvert, Clements, Cobb,Corning,Cox,
Ciiftfiold, Crittenden, Dawes, Delano, Dunlap, English,
Fenton, Goodwin, Grider, Gurley, Haight, Hall, Harding,
Hanison, Holman, Ilorton, William Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Killinger, Knapp, Leary, Lehman, Mallory, May, Men-
zies, Morris, Noble, Nocll, Noi ton, Odell, Pendleton, Periy,
Piice, Richardson, Ilobmson, James S. Rollins, Sheffield,
Sheilabarger, Shiel, Smith. John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Benjamin F.- Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train,
Vibbaid, Voorhees, Ward, Washburne, Webster, Wick-
lifTe, Wood, and Woodruff—66.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. VERREE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davis, was unavoidably absent.
The question recurred on Mr. Fenton's amend-
ment, to add to the second resolution the follow-
ing proviso:
Pro tided, Tiiat nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to cxoneiate the Government from the payment
ot any claim-; aiming from advances made In good faith on
the ecitifieutes made by the authonzed ofiiceis of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Bttinham, Campbell, Chamberlin, Colfax,
Cutler, Dunn, Eliot, Fenton, Fes&cnden, Fianchot, Frank,
Giangei, Ilanehett, Hooper, Ilorton, IJutchins. Julian,
Kclioy, Fiance W. Kellogc, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy,
MeKiught, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P.
Mouiil, Nixon, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pottei, Riddle,
Saigent, ried«wick, Shanks. Steven5;. Stiatton,Tumble,
Trowbiidue, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Verree, Wall,
E P. Wilton, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Wilson, and
Windom—. >3.
NAYS—Mo^rs. Allen, Aneona, Joseph Baily, Biddle,
Francis P. Blair. Jacob B. Blair, Geoige II. Browne, Buf-
finton, Calvou, Clements, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling,
(Joining, Cox, Cii'field, Crittenden, Dawe-s, Delano, Diven,
JUi-ii, Dunlap, Ely, Enfflmh, Gooch, Goodwin, Grider,
Gmley, JIamht, Ilall.IIaidin^, Ilairison, Holman. William
Kellosn, Keriisan, Killingei. Knapp, Law, Leaiy, Mallory,
May, Men^ies, Justin S. Moriill, Morns, Noble, Nocll,
Nugen, Odell, Olin, Pendleton, Periy, Poiter, Price, John
II. Rice, Itichaid^on, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins, James
S. Rollins, Sncfiield, Siieliabaigcr, Shiel, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train,
Vallandighain, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wallace, VVaid, Wash-
bumc, Webster, Wiekliffe, Wood, Woodiuff, and Worces-
ter—70.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the second resolution
repotted by the committee, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Treasury be requested
to adjust the claim against the Government foi the five thou-
sand Hall caibines, pui eluded tlnough Simon Stevens, Esq.,
by General JuhnC. Fiomont. on theCthdayot Augu-t, 1861,
and aftei waula dehveied attho United States arsenal at the
city of St Louis, on the basis of a tale of said aims to the
Government for $12 50 each, rejecting all other demands
against the Goveiumeutun account of the puichas-e pf said
arm-.
Mr. COLFAX. What has become of the amend-
ment which I offered ?
The SPEAKER. There were three independ-
ent resolutions rcceivcd by unanimous consent,
and the Chair stated that they were to be voted
on as independent resolutions.
Mr. COLFAX. I understood distinctly that
mine was offered as an amendment to the second
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair received all these
three amendments, by the unanimous consent of
the House, as independent resolutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. I ruse to a pointof order. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
asked unanimous consent to' consider the second
resolution by itself. I stated that I forone would
consent to that unanimous consent, on condition
that I might offer an amendment to the resolution.
TLat wa^ consi nti.d to on both sides.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that no
amendment was then in order under the rules; but
the House, by unanimous consent, alio wed inde-
pendent resolutions to be offered, to come m after
this resolution. The Chair will regard them all
as independent resolutions.
Mr. COLFAX. My understanding of the mat-
ter is somewhat different from that of the Chair.
When I first offered my proposition, my colleague
[Mr. Holman] asked me to move it as an-addi-
tional resolution. I said 1 would dffer-it as an
amendment to the resolution. But I wtfl notget
into any controversy with the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Indiana, that voting on his-reso-
lution by itself is the same as voting on it as an
amendment; for when the House come to vote on
the resolution as amended, any member may ask
for a division of the question; so that the only
question is, whether the v-ote on the gentleman*s
resolution shall be taken first or second.
Mr. COLFAX. I will not insist, i demand
the reading of my amendment.
The amendment was read.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
Chair to say that that amendment was received
by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rose to object.
Mr. COLFAX. When?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Now.
The SPEAKER. The amendment was re-
ceived some days ago. The Chair desires to say
that the series of resolutions was reported from
the committee as a whole, and in accordance with
parliamentary practice the vote would be taken
on them as a whole, unless some gentleman de-
manded a separate vote upon each resolution,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for a separate vote
on each resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to say
that in consequence of the amendments which are
pending having been received as separate resolu-
tions, he would direct that the vote be taken sepa-
rately upon them.
The question was taken on the first resolution
of the series; and it was decided m the affirmative
—yeas 103, nays 28*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily,
Baker, Biddle, Francis P. Blair, Jacob I>. Blair, George
H. Biownc, William G. Biown, Buflinton, Burnham,
Calvert, Campbell, Casey, Chainbcilin, Clements, Cobb,
Coining, Cox,Ciafield,Ciittemlen,Dawes,Delano,Diven,
Dunlap, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Gooch, Good-
win, Giangcr, G'tdei, Guiley, Haighr, Hall, Harding, Ilar-
lison, Holman, Iloiton, Hutch ins, William Kellogg, Kerri-
gan, lullinger, Knapp. Law, Lcaiv, Lehman, Loomis,
McKnight, McPherson, Mallory, May, Menzics, Mitchell,
Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Noble, NoelJ, Norton, Nugen,
Odell, Olin, Patton, Pendleton, Periy, Pike, Porter, Price,
John II. llice, Richardson, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sheffield, Sheilabarger, Shiel,
Smith, John B. Steele, VVilliam G. Steele, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Fianei«sThomas,Train, Vallandighain, Van Horn,
Van Vaikenbuigh, Vcnee, Vibbaid, Voorhees, Wallace,
Ward, Washburne, Webster, Wheeler, VVickhffe, Wilson,
Windom, Wood, Woodruff, and Worcester—103.
NAYS—Mcs is. Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, ColJax, Fredenek A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling,
Fe*«eiidon, Franchot, Frank, Ilanehett, Hooper, Julian,
Kellev, Lansing, Lovejoy, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill,
Riddle, Sedgwiek, Shanks, Stevens, Stratton, Trimble,
Tiovvbridge, Wall, E. P. Walton, and Albert S. White—28.
So the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER stated the question next in
order to be upon the following resolution offered
as an amendment by Mr. Colfax:
Resolved, That the course adopted by the naval investi-
gating committee of 1859, of communicating to officers of
the Government copies of evidence apparently adverse to
them, and giving them the opportunity to cross-examine
the witnesses against them, or to refute or explain their
testimony i^, in the opinion of this* House, worthy of imi-
tation wherever practicable, by investigating committees
appointed by oulei ot' the Ilouse of Representatives, espe-
cially where the ->aid committees receive and collect such
te>tiinonv u\ s^ciet session; and that it is contiary to the
plainest principles of justice to condemn any citizen upon
cx j>aite evidence taken against linn by a committee in
.-eei et. and the put port of which has not, if practicable, been
laid before him by said committee, with an opportunity to
explain or refute'it bcfoie their report.
'Mr. COLFAX. Docs the previous question
apply to that resolution?
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
not exhaust itself until the entire report jf the
committee has been exhausted.
Mr. COLFAX. I cull for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "WASHBURNE. I hope the House will
adopt that resolution.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is a statement sub-
stantially of the practice pursued by this com-
mittee, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. ROSOOE CONKLING. I call the mem-
ber from Illinois to order.
