2848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20.
this case, where this man in good faith rendered
the services annexed to his office, and was counte-
nanced and recognized by the different Depart-
ments with which he was connected, he should
not be allowed the compensation provided by law
for those services.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The proposition be-
fore the House is to pay Mr. Mutter for services
rendered between the 6th of August, 1861, and the
2d of December ensuing. It appears that he was
nominated by the President to the office of super-
vising inspector of steamboats on the 1st of June,
1861, that his nomination was rejected by the
Senate on the 6th of August, and that he continued
nevertheless to act without any oath of office or
bond in a manner which is not very distinctly
described in the papers before the House. He
probably did, however, render some sei vices, and
may have been recognizcd in some way by the
Navy and Treasury Departments. Upon that
point the evidence is very indefinite and very un-
satisfactory. The proposition before the House
is to pay Mr. Mutter his salary for about four
months after his nomination was rejected by the
Senate.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Leary]
has stated to the House that there are precedents
for the passage of the bilt, and he has attempted
to cite those precedents. It appears to me that
there is no just analogy between this case and
those to which he has referred,and I will venture
the assertion here that no case of this kind can be
found in the past history of the Government. In
my judgment, the case is one which ought not to
receive the sanction of the House. This officer was
doubtless rejected for good and sufficient reasons,
and if he continued to perform some service of
some kind, without authority of law, and with
the full knowledge that the Senate had refused to
confirm his nomination, I submit that he is not
entitled to compensation for such service.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the facts in
this case, as I understand them, are substantially
these: after this person was rejected by the Sen-
ate, he continued, with the assent of the Govern-
ment or of the officers of the Government, to dis-
charge the duties of the office until his reappoint-
ment. The various officers of the Government
lecognized him in the discharge of these duties,
as I understand from the statement of the gentle-
man from Maryland. Now, the simple question
before the House is, whether he shall be paid for
those services or not, at the ordinary rate of com-
pensation. It seems to me that, under the circum-
stances, and especially in view of the state of the
country at that time, it is but just that this man
should be paid at that rate which would fairly com-
pensate turn for the service which lie rendered.
ft'Ir. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Rhode Island a question or two. I under-
stand that this officer was twice appointed. How
soon after his rejection by the Senate was he re-
appointed ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The rejection, if I recol-
lect aright, was on the 6th of August. He was
not appointed again till the following December.
Rut during this interval lie was called upon by
various officers of the Government, and went on
to discharge the duties of his office. The Senate re-
jected him, perhaps, for want of some explanation.
Mr, JOHNSON. It strikes me that his acts in
this interim were entirely void.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As I understand this
matter, which was brought up by the member
from the Baltimore distt ict, one of whose constit-
uents i&itFects, the case is simply this. This Mr. ■
Muller, whom I understand to be a gentleman of;
the highest character, was appointed supervising i
inspector for that district. From some nnsappre- 1
hension, the Committee on Commerce in the Sen- !
ate recommended his rejection. He was rejected, !
or (he Senate did notact on his appointment fullv. i
it was necessary for the Government to have the '
service of some officer there, and they did not |
know of any other man who could discharge the j
duties s,o well as Mr. Muller. He was thoiefoie '
lequested to go on and discharge the duties of the |
office, and ho accordingly did so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why did not the President
immediately leappoint him5
Mi. WASHBURNE. [ am unable to answer
tnat question. But he was afterwards reappointed
by the President, and the Senate immediately con- i
firmed him, and he is at present supervising m-
spector for that district. In the interim he went
on and performed the duties of the office to the
entire satisfaction of the Government. With the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sheffield,]
I think it but fair and just that he should receive
compensation. I understand, further, that there
have been cases bearing a very strong analogy to
this case.
Mr. F* A. CONKLING. I would like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce what
evidence there is thatMr. Muller was requested by
officers of the Government to continue to perform
the duties of the office?
Mr. WASHBURN E. The evidence that I got
from my fiiend from Maryland, [Mr. Leary.]
Mr. LEARY. I will state for the information
of the gentleman that he was in constant coire-
spondence, during this period, with the Navy and
Treasury Departments.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I know he was treated
by the Government as supervising inspector.
Mr. LEARY. The correspondence is on file
in the Department. He was nominated on the 2d
of June, rejected on the 6th of August, and reap-
pointed on the 2d of December following. The
simple question before the House is, whether the
Government will remunerate a man for services
honestly rendered.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. As I un-
derstand the question, it stands exactly in this
light: the man was nominated for an office. He
was, as we are bound to suppose, on full consid-
eration by the Senate, rejected. After that rejec-
tion he proceeds to perform, to some extent, the
duties of that office. Now, this House is to de-
termine whether a man, who has been thus nom-
inated and rejected, can go on and discharge the
duties of that office under the expectation of being
afterwards compensated by Congress. I think,
Mr. Speaker, that the idea of presenting a claim
of this soit isutteily preposterous.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It may appear utterly
preposterous to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, but on that ground there are many prepos-
terous claims presented to Congress.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. No doubt
there are.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Thisgentleman has per-
formed the duties of the office at the request of the
Government, and his services have been of great
value. The only question now is whether Con-
giess will pay him for those services, or whether
the Government will take the services of this man,
and refuse to pay him for them, after requesting
him to perform them.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The
Government has done no such thing. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The officers of the Gov-
ernment have.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The offi-
cers of the Government could do no such thing.
This man was nominated to the office by the pi oper
authority—the President. He was lejected by
the proper authority—the Senate. The Govern-
ment had no right to ask his services after being
rejected. That itself was a violation of law which
this House ought not to sanction for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It may be that the Gov-
ernment had no right to do this; but if the Gov-
ernment did it, and if the man went on in conse-
quence to perform his duties, I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if he would refuse to pay
him ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Certainly,
for it was a wholly illegal matter on both sides.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the gentleman
from Massachusetts would tal^ advantage of his
own wrona:,
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
take advantage of no wrong. When the Senate
rejected this man, he had no longer the capacity
to discharge the duties of the office. The House
will see the lesult to which such a claim leads. It
leads to this result: that a man whose appointment
is lejected by the Senate, may, the moment after
his rejection, be reappointed by the President
without the assent of the Senate; so that the Sen-
ate would have no power at ail in the maffpr.
Air. SHEFFIELD. It appears to be conceded
that this man rendered efficient s'ervice to the Gov-
ernment. I agree with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that there is some illegality in the mat-
ter, but if there was no illegality m it there would
be no occasion for the claimant to come here and
appeal to the sense of justice of Congress. But
the question is whether the Government will re-
ceive services and refuse to pay for them.
[ agree that it was illegal, that there is no law,
as the gentleman says, to justify the claim for com-
pensation upon the part of this officer of the Gov-
ernment; but, Mr. Speaker, we must take into
consideration the situation of the country at the
time these services were rendered out of which
this claim arises, the importance of the services re-
quired, and the importance of then being rendered
by a responsible man and by one who possessed
peculiar qualifications for the discharge of the
duties of the office.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts says
it is to be presumed the Senate rejected this man
for good reason, there is another fact which must
be taken in the same connection, and as a quali-
fication of the remark of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts: I mean the fact that the Senate sub-
sequently unanimously confirmed this man. If,
therefore, it is true that the Senate rejected his nom-
ination for good reason, it is to be presumed also
that they confirmed him for good reason, and that
must be taken, to a certain extent, as an acknowl-
edgment of their error in first rejecting him.
1 know it may be said that this is a dangerous
precedent. We may argue that result from any
human action, from anything that can be done
under certain circumstances. We may argue that
danger will result from drawing the most merito-
rious action into precedent, under a given state of
things; but it seems to me that under the condi-
tion of things when this claim arose, it is a just
and meritorious claim that ought to be recognized.
If anybody had rendered a service to you, and
you accepted that service, we know that the obli-
gation would rest upon you to pay for that service;
and notonly that, but the machinery oflaw would
enforce that obligation; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, if he occupied the position which
he occupied a short time since, would decide that
such an obligation must clearly and properly be
enforced.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. On the con-
trary, I would say there was no obligation at till,
because the whole proceeding was illegal. Did
this man legally hold the office? Had he taken
the oath of office? Was he qualified to discharge
the duties of the office? Take the case of a con-
tract for an insurance on a vessel. Would the
inspection of the vessel by an unauthorized officer
be a legal inspection ? Would not the illegality
of the inspection invalidate the insurance r I sub-
mit that for the performance of an illegal act no
meritorious consideration can arise, and I would
so decide.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Certainly; but the gentle-
man misunderstands the position I assumed. I
said, in the first place, that this being a Govern-
ment Li an saction, although the services performed
were meritorious, it was illegal. I said thatif this
had been a transaction between individuals, the
services rendered having been accepted, the obli-
gation would arise to pay for such services; but
m the cirfseof the Government no such legal obli-
gation would aiise, for the reason that the ser-
vants of the Government, acting for the Govern-
ment, could not, under the law, create such an
obligation, because the acts of the executive officeis
can only be binding when performed in accordance
with the statutes of Congress. But however that
may be in law, the principle still remains, that
having required the services of this person, and
he having performed those services, the promise
is implied that he shall receive a due compensation.
Now, these services have been rendered to the
Government, and, as I have said, we mu&t take
into consideration the circumstancesunder which
they were rendered. The attention of the Presi-
dent was constantly occupied by concerns as mo-
mentous as ever have occupied the attention of
any individual. He was not omniscient; he could
not look every where; he could not see everything;
and under the circumstances it was not to be ex-
pected that he should give his attention to the ap-
pointment of a supervising inspector for the port
of Baltimore. But the circumstances of this par-
ticular case make it one peculiar in itself, and one
which cannot well be diawn into precedent under
other circumstances. It is a case standing alone,
and can safely be determined upon its moiits and
its equity without involving any special danger as
