1882.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
merit does not recognize—or shall it be a majority
of the Senators here?
Mr. DAVIS. That is a question which comes
before both bodiesfortheirjudgmentanddecision.
The Legislature, in making the election, decide it
necessarily, either directly or impliedly. The
Senate also may make the judgment, and, in my
opinion, are required to pass in judgment upon
that point. I was impressed with the argument
of the Senator from Massachusetts on the ques-
tion of loyalty, and his position that that was an
additional qualification for a member of the Sen-
ate, that a man who appeared here and asked to
be qualified as a Senator, from the terms of the
oath which was imposed on him, necessarily had
to come up to condition of being a loyal and true
inan to the Government. Why should it not be
so? Is not that a most important condition?
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him once more on tins very point?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand the Senator to
say that the question of loyalty is a question for
the consideration of both the appointing power
and the Senate. Now, suppose the Senate shall
refuse to admit the gentleman from Oregon to a
seat here, and he returns to his State, the State
Legislature assembles and elects him to this body
after the determination of the Senate excluding
him: would it be competent for the Senate then,
in the opinion of the Senator, to exclude him?
Mr. DAVIS. If it deems proper, certainly.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to suggest that, if
loyalty be a qualification, the Constitution makes
the Senate itself the sole judge, for it has the ex-
clusive power to judge of the qualifications of its
own members.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have only a
word to add to what I have already said. We are
not passing now on the fact whether the gentle-
man from Oregon is loyal or not. By the issue,
as tendered by the Judiciary Committee, the fact
is not put in controversy. The allegation is taken
for true, as it is in an ordinary demurrer in a court
of justice. You take the facts alleged in theplea
to'fae true, broadly, fully, and sufficiently true,
and the question is, upon the facts thus broadly
and sufficiently true, is the law for or against the
applicant? If it is no matter which the Senate
may pass upon when a gentleman applies to be
admitted as a member of the Senate whether he
be a true man or a traitor, whether he be loyal to
the United States Government, orfalse and treach-
erous to the United States Government, the de-
murrer will have to be sustained m favor of the
Senator from NewYork; butifthatis a matter of
substance into which the Senate may and ought
to inquire when a gentleman asks to be admitted
to a seat upon this floor, it seems to me in the
present state of the case—that allegation of fact
being taken to be true, and undeniably true—it
is my duty, as a Senator, it is the duty of the
Senate, to deny him the right to take the oath
as a member of this body. I cannot conceive of
a graver or more sufficient cause for excluding
o gentleman, who asks to be admitted as a mem-
ber 011 this floor, than treason. That isthecause
alleged against the gentleman from Oregon. As
the "Senate is now called upon to decide the ques-
tion, that cause is to be taken to be true, and to
be sufficiently true, accoiding to the present state
of the case and of the question, and I cannot come
to any other conclusion heie than that it is my
bounden duty to vote for his exclusion.
That is the whole case, in my judgment. Here
a gentleman against whom a charge of treason and
disloyalty is alleged asks to be admitted as amem-
ber of the Senate; and without passing upon that
question at all—or, if it is passed upon, doing it in
such form as to confess and admit the truth of the
fact—it is still insisted that he shall qualify as a
member of the Senate. With such a fact made
out and admitted, that the gentleman is disloyal to
his Government, tieacheious to the United States,
a friend and adherent of the confederated govern-
ment; his sympathies and his position bound up
and united with the confederated government for
the overthiow of the government ot the United
States, still to insist, to ask to admit him as a mem-
ber of the Senate, seeins to me to be a most flagrant
absurdity. That is all I have to say about it.
Mr. CLARK. Mr.President, as I disagree with
the report of the committee, and also shall vote
against the recommitment of this report, it is ne-
cessary, perhaps, that I should say a word or two
to show the ground upon which 1 stand. I shall
not vote for the recommitment, because I do not
see that any good can como of that exceptdelay,
which is not good. The most the Committee on
the Judiciaiy can do, if the resolution is recom-
mitted, is to give us their opinion on the facts; they
can give us the testimony; and if they should give
us their opinion, I think we should all of usform
our individual opinions upon the facts without
much regard to the committee, meaning no disre-
spect to them.
But I do not agree with the report of the com-
mittee, because I do not believe we are concluded
in the manner and way that the report seeks to
show. I desire to ask my honorable friend,"who
reported this resolution, to consider for a moment
what is the design and the meaning and the intent
of the Constitution in requiring a man to take an
oath before he takes his office. Is it anything
more than to assure the Senate and assure the
Government of his loyalty; that he will be true to
the Government; and could it be the intention of
the Constitution that, if you were satisfied the man
was so base that he would go to the desk and take
the oath and still be a traitor, you arc to admit
him ? The point is this: is the oath the only test-
imony you can receive in regard to his disloy-
alty? That is the naked point. Are you concluded
by that testimony, by the oath, or may you in-
quire otherwise whether he is a loyal man or not?
I do not believe the Constitution was meant to
conclude anybody in that way; but I believe it
meant to require the oath so that everybody should
be so far assured that the man was loyal. The
provisions that a man should be a citizen of the
United States nine years, and that he should take
the oath, were put in the Consitution evidently so
that you should not have a Senator who was not
acquainted with and attached to your institutions,
and loyal. Now, if aside from these provisions
you find that you have got a man who is disloyal,
and the evidence, is overwhelming and conclusive
against him, though he take the oath, can you not
exclude him? Must you necessarily admit him
and then attempt to remove him? Must you ad-
mit him by a majority and let him get the seat,
and then if you fail to get a two-thirds vote to put
him out, let him stay ? That is the point you come
to. If you must admit the man, you may admit
him by a vote of one by a majority, and when you
have got him in here, you may fail by six to get
him out, though he is a trairor. T do not speak
now with reference to the case of the Senatorfrom
Oregon at all, I beg him to understand; I speak
generally.
Now, can the Senate be driven to any such con-
clusion ? If Senators will look at the third clause
of the sixth article of the Constitution, they will
find that, before a Senator is admitted, lie shall
take the oath, and then the conclusion is, " but no
religious test shall ever be required as a qualifica-
tion." That is an implication that something else
may.
Mr. HARRIS. As to a Senator?
Mr. CLARK. In the Constitution it isapplied
to any public officer, but I use it now with icfer-
ence to a Senator. In my judgment, between
the two classes of cases, between those actually
prescribed and those forbidden, there may be a
wide range, and the Senate must judge for itself.
Let me put a case. Suppose Jeff Davis should
send a man here, acting through the Governor of
Mississippi. We deny that Mississippi is out of
the Union. Suppose "Jeff Davis should use the
Governor of Mississippi to send a man here as a
spy, accredited with a proper appointment as a
Senator, bunging a return from the Governor.
He appears at your door to come in here for the
;very purpose of spying out what ynn do. You
are certain that he is going to do it. \ou cannot
cast him out by two thirds if you get him in; but
you can keep linn out by a majority. If you were
satisfied that that was so, would you let him m >
It seems to me, Mr. President, that there is in-
herent in every legislative or oilier body a r'glitto
protect itself, and"there is in the Senate a right to
protect itself against those who would destroy it;
and we have the right, it appears to me, to reject
a man at the door before he comes in if he is here
for any such improper purpose. I do not apply
this to" the case before us, so far as the evidence
is concerned, to the Senator from Oregon. I do
not mean to intimate how I may give my vote on
the merits of the case; butl will say this: accused
upon affidavit, if he comes and offers to go to your
bar and take the oath that he will be true, I should
hesitate a great while before I would exclude him'.
If he says, " I am maligned, abused; these men
are my enemies; bat now to satisfy you gentle-
men that I am true, 1 will go to that desk and make
oath-before Almighty God that I am true,"" it
would be a pretty grave question whether I should
refuse him. But, sir, that is not the question. The
question is on the power to keep a man out for
cause, and not permit him to take the oath. I
think under the Constitution we have the power.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to suggest to the Sen-
ator this case: suppose a lunatic were to offer him-
self here to be qualified, would not the Senate have
a right to exclude him?
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me that this re-
port ought to be sent back to the committee. The
Senate objected to administering the oath to this
appointee upon the charge of disloyalty, and that
charge was referred to the committee for investi-
gation. "The committee report it back to the Sen-
ate saying, virtually, that they have not investi-
gated that charge. Therefore the object for which
the subject was sent to the committee has not been
accomplished; but the committee say, as a reason
for not having investigated that subject, that they
have decided, upon a question of law, that, in then-
opinion, it is not importantto settle thatquestion;
that this appointee is entitled to his seat whether
the charge be true or not, and hence they have not
examined the charge. I understand this to be the
substance and purport of this report: they have
not examined the charge, because, as a matter of
constitutional right, as a matter of law, whether
the charge of disloyalty be true or false, the ap-
pointee is entitled to take the oath, and is entitled
to a scat in the Senate. I infer this, moreover,
Mr. President, from the fact in the statement of
the appointee reported by the minority of the com-
mittee. He refers to the fact of his appointment
and that he is of age; that he has the specific qual-
ifications of the Constitution, and is willing to take
the oath; and he says that, relying upon the be-
lief as a matter of law, that he was thus entitled
to the oath, he does not put in any evidence; he
does not choose, relying on that state of the case,
to put in evidence touching his loyalty. He saya
furthermore that if that fact were in issue, and if
he could have a competent tribunal to try that
fact, he could prove his loyalty.
That being the state of the case, it seems to me
that it becomes incumbent on the Senate to say
distinctly to him through the committee that the
committee is a competent tribunal before which
he can try that question, and before which it is
his duty to try it. If he has evidence touching
his loyalty, he should produce it.
But, Mr. President, it will be seen that the Sen-
ate is in no condition to try the loyalty of this
Senator. The evidence is entirely ex parte; en-
tirely on one side. The appointee in this case
has offered no testimony, upon the apprehension
ihat the committee was not to take jurisdiction of
the case. I infer that from what he says, because
he says plainly and explicitly that if he had a tri-
bunal before which he could appear he could show
his loyalty. I think, therefore, that this report
ought to be recommitted; and ought to he recom-
mitted with instructions to examine the facts on
both sides, with the understanding that the whole
case is to be considered, giving the appointee an
opportunity to disclose his side of the case.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the question as well
of the Senator now addressing the Senate as of
any other Senator who may respond to me. Is
there any precedent for this action either in this
body or the House of Representatives, or in any
deliberative body? Is there a precedent known
in history?
Mr. MORRILL. I am not able to answer that
question. I have endeavored to steer entirely
clear of any such issue now, and to keep my mind
entirely open upon the evidence in this case. Upon
the question, whether we are bound upon a con-
ceded case of disloyalty to administer the oath, I
have a very decided conviction, and that is, that
the Senate has a right to defend itself and protect
itself against positively disloyal members in the
Senate.
