2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
engaged in the trade with the southern and other
States, and creditors of persons in those States
respectively,praying forthe immediate passage of
a law establishing a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States. They urge it upon
the consideration of Congress by very man y strong
arguments. I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying for the passage of a general
uniform bankrupt law; which was referreu to the
Committee on the'Judiciary.
SURETIES OP POSTMASTERS.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
362) in relation to the Post Office Department;
which was read twice by iis title.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senate will indulge
me a moment, I will explain the purpose and ob-
ject of this bill, and I then desire to put it on its
passage. By the statute of 1825, the Postmaster
General is bound to commence action against the
sureties of postmasters always within two years
after the default has taken place, or he cannot do
it at all. It is a statute of limitations of two years
for the benefit of all sureties of postmasters. Now
the time cf that two years is running, and unless
we make some provision on the subject, will be
closed in that part of the United States where at
present those suits cannot be commenced. The
object is to prevent that statute of limitations run-
ning while the insurrection continues in those
States. It has one other object; and that is, to en-
able postmasters now appointed in those States
to take their oath before any officer, civil or mill-
tary, of the United States. It is now difficult to
find a person before whom the oath can be taken.
These are the only objects of the bill, and I de-
sire that it may be put on its passage at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It directs that the time fixed for the limita-
tion of suits against the sureties of postmasters
by the third section ofthe actofCongress entitled
" An act to reduce into one the several acts estab-
lishing and regulating the Post Office Depart-
ment, " approved March 3, 1825, shall not be
considered as running in any State or part thereof,
the inhabitants whereof have been, by proclama-
tion of the President, declared in a state of in-
surrection, during the time the insurrection shall
continue. The second section declares that any
oath required by law to be taken by any contract-
or, postmaster, clerk, or employe of the Post Of-
fice Department in any part of the United States,
mentioned in the precedmgsection,may betaken
before any officer, civil or military, holding a
commission under the United States, and such
officer is authorized to administer and certify such
oath.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 363) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to accept the title to League
Island, in the Delaware river, for naval purposes;
which was read twice by its title.
He also, from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate of the 18th of February, to inquire into
the condition and management of the jail in the
city of Washington, and to reportsuch measures
as in their judgment may be necessary in relation
thereto, submitted a report; which was oidered to
be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
450) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863,
reported it with amendments.
XOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to notify the Senate
that on Monday I shall ask leave to introduce a
bill requiring tiie heads of Departments to allow
Senators and Representatives in Congress to in-
spect records m their offices, whenever they desire
to do so, as a basis of legislation or to prevent
frauds upon the Government.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONYasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 92) in relation to the public printing; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
GUN CONTRACTS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit immediately to the Senate so much ofthe report of Hon.
Joseph Holt and Robert Dale Owen on the subject of oid-
nanee and gun contracts as relate?, to gun contracts of Schu-
barth.
The PRESIDENT;>ro tempore subsequently laid
before the Senate a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, in answer to the resolution, com-
municating the information desired.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to have that report print-
ed. I called on the honorable Secretary of War this
morning with a view to read the report. He was
guilty of the very great incivility of refusing me
the privilege of reading the report in his office. I
wished it for the purpose of aiding me in legisla-
tion; hence I worded the resolution that he trans-
mit it immediately. I hope that now the Secretary
will have the official starch knocked out of him,
and not hereafter give such a reply to a Senator.
I move that the report and accompanying papers
be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE OIIIO RIVER.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
No. 392.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it about?
Mr. WADE. About-post offices and post
roads—about bridging the Ohio river; that is
really the object.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want to oppose the
bill, but it was laid over the other day at the in-
stance of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cowan,] not now in his seat.
Mr. COLLAMER. He is in his seat now.
Mr. WADE. I was not going to take it up in
the absence of the Senator, of course.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senate will not
take up that bill, but will proceed to the consid-
eration of the unfinished business of yesterday
morning, being the bill repealing the law with re-
gard to contracts affecting the War and Navy De-
partments. It is of very great importance to the
successful transaction of the business of those De-
partments that that bill should be taken up and
acted on one way or the other. Either we have
got to make an appropriation for paying a large
number of additional clerks for each of those De-
partments, or else we must repeal the law.
Mr. WADE. I am as anxious as the Senator
from Iowa that that bill should pass. I believe
he is right in saying that it is a \ery important
measure; but, then, this is also important—ex-
ceedingly important to those who have the matter
in charge, and who are interested in it. It js very
important to my section of the country. If the
bridge is to be built, it is very important that we
get at it early, because it is now approaching
that season of the year in which only we can work
profitably at the business; and if the question is
to be decided, it ought to be decided soon. 1 do
not think it is a matter that will take a great while
to settle. There is only one particular point in
the case as to which the Senator fiom Pennsyl-
vania and myself are at issue, and 1 think on that
I have the best of it so clearly that there will be
no strong contest over it. I do not wish to make
an argument, and will not now, but 1 hope the
bill will be taken up, and I do not think it will
interrupt the passage of the other bill to-day. I
know that both are important, but 1 hope the Sen-
ate will indulge me in taking up this bill and de-
ciding it.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (II. R. No. 392) to establish cer-
tain post roads, was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole. The bill declares that the bridge partly
constructed across the Ohio river at Steubenville,
in the State of Ohio, abutting on the Virginia
shore, is a lawful structure. When completed,
if constructed without a draw, it is to leave an
unobstructed headway in the channel of the river
of not less than ninety feet above low-water mark,
and such channel or water-way is to have an unob-
structed width of not less than two hundred feet
between the piers next to the channel or water-
way. The bridge is to be a public highway, and
is established a post road for the purpose of trans-
mission of mails of the United States. The Steu-
benville and Indiana Railroad Company, char-
tered by the Legislature of the State of Ohio, and
the Halliday's Cove Railroad Company, char-
tered by the State of Virginia, or either of them,
are to be authorized to have, maintain, and op-
erate the bridge when completed, subject to the
provision now to be enacted; and the officers and
crews of all vessels and boats navigating that river
are required to regulate the use of their vessels
and boats, and of any pipes or chimneys belong-
ing to them, so as not to interfere with_the eleva-
tion, construction, and use of the bridge. It will
nevertheless be lawful for any other railroad com-
pany whose line of road may be built to the Ohio
river, in accordance with the terms of the charter
of such company, to build abridge acrossthis river
for the more perfect connection of any such road
and for the passage of trains thereof, under the
limitations and conditions of this enactment.
Authority is to be given that any bridge erected
under the privileges of this act may, at the option
of the company building the same, be built either
as a drawbridge, with a pivot or other form of
draw, or with unbroken and continuous spans. If
the bridge be made with unbroken and continuous
spans, it is not to be of less elevation than ninety
feet above low-water mark over the channel; and
the piers are not to be of less distance apart than
two hundred feet. If any bridge built under these
privileges shall be constructed as a drawbridge,
it may be constructed with piers not less than two
hundred feet apart, except that at the interval des-
ignated for the draw, the space of clear watei-way
may be reduced to, but is not to be less than, one
hundred feet on each side of the pivot or central
pier of the draw; and the draw is to bo located*
immediately over the channel of the river as un-
derstood at the time of the erection of the bridge.
Roth spans of the draw are at all times to remain
open for the passage of boats, except when re-
quired to be closcd for the passage of engines or
trains, and for ten minutes preceding the time any
such engines or trains may be due. Any bridge
or bridges erected under the provisions of this act
are to be lawful structures, and to be recognized
and known as post routes, upon which no higher
charge is to be made for the transmission over the
same of the mails, the troops, and munitions of
war of the United States, than the rate per mile
which the company erecting the bridge may from
time to time receive on the balance of their line or
lines for such services.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the first sec-
tion 
Mr. WADE. If the gentleman will allow me,
1 wish to propose some amendments.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to secure a wider space
between the piers.
Mr. WADE. If you wish to begin on that,
very well.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the firstsec-
tion of the bill by striking out the proviso in these
words:
Provided, That when completed, if constructed with-
out a diaw, it shall leave an unobstructed headway m the
channel ot the nver of nor le.-rf than ninety loot above low-
water niailc, and such channel or watei-way shall have an
unobstiucted width of not Ics^ than two hundred feet be-
tween the piei.s next to saul channel or water-way ; ot s?«nd
luidgo, it i;oiibti ucted with a diaw, the same be constructed
as piovuled in the fontth section of this act, as to ele-
vation of diaw and width of channel, and said diaw shall
remain open except a-5 in said section ptovided.
And inserting in lieu thereof: s
Provided, That it shall bc^o constructed that when com-
pleted there j-liall lie left beneath it an unobstructed head-
way immediately and faiily over the inajn channel of the
said nvei,or at least ninety feet above low-water mark, and
that there shall be lett such main channel or water-way,
hee and minima ue ted, ofthe width of at least three hundred
leet between The pier& on each side thereof.
This, Mr. President, is in my judgment a most
important bill, and one in which the interests of
at least six States are most intimately involved.
It involves the question of a grant to corporations
of the right to throw bridges across the Ohio river.
This river is a thousand miles in length, and there
are at least six States for which it is the highway
upon its shores, as well as several others below
the mouth of it which depend upon it for such
commodities as coal and lumber.
