1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
I am in favor of allowing to corporations this
privilege; but at the same time I desire that it be
so guarded as not to affect in any way thefairand
fiee navigation of the river. I am of this opinion,
because I think the river is a great national high-
way, on which all citizens everywhere have the
right, with their crafts of all sizes and dimensions,
to navigate and travel, and that highway ought
not to be given up, or impeded, or obstructed in
any way to the detriment of the vast trade which
finds a way to market upon its waters. Itappears
that the States of Virginia and Ohio authorized the
construction of a bridge at Steubenville. I know
nothing about the terms.of the charter by which
that structure wasauthorizedtobeput there; butit
seems that now, perhaps, Virginia has withdrawn
her authority in andaboutthesame,and the work
falls on that account. The object of the bill, in the
first place, is to authorize that structure and give
it legal validity, by virtue of the power over post
roads vested in the United States. Therefore, the
first clause of the bill is not objectionable, unless
the bridge itself, as now on the way to completion,
is objectionable, and of that I know nothing, be-
cause I know nothing of the specifications upon
which it is to be constructed. The proviso in the
bill, as reported from the committee, provides that
the bridge shall be ninety feet above low-water
mark, and I suppose, as the river is at present
navigated, perhaps that is sufficient. But if the
canal at the falls of the Ohio at Louisville should
be enlarged so as to make it of capacity sufficient
to admit first-class boats, it may be that ninety feet
would be too low for the chimneys of the proper
drafi. However that maybe hereafter, I am not
now prepared to say that ninety feet is not suffi-
cient. The most difficult question, however, is
as to the width of the channel to be left under this
bridge—the width of the main channel. The bill
provides for two hundred feet between the piers
next the channel.
I think I may safely say to the Senate upon my
own responsibility that to narrow the channel of the
Ohio river to. two hundred feet would be to obstruct
it to such an extent as to cripple the whole trade;
and why? The trade upon this river comes from its
two principal branches, the Monongahelafrom the
sou th and the Alleghany from the north. They unite
to make the Ohio. From the Monongahela river
comes the coal,and from the Alleghany the lum-
ber. The coal is carried in arks and barges to the
market. These arks being square boxes, without
any form of boat other than a rectangular box has,
are perhaps one hundred and six t y or one hundred
and seventy feet in length and twenty-five or
thirty feet in width. They are usually run in
pairs when they are used simply as floats, tied
together, and manned by perhaps twenty or thirty
men. Each pair carries from forty to fifty thousand
bushels of coal. Each boat carries and is of itself
of the weight of perhaps a thousand tons, loaded
in the water some seven and a half feet deep, full
load. These boats are obliged to start from Pitts-
burg always at daylight in the morning, because
upon the first hundred miles of the Ohio river are
to be found almost all the difficulties of the navi-
gation of that river, all its principal difficulties;
and it is of great importance to those who navi-
gate it with rafts, which depend very much upon
its current for their guidance, that they start out
m the morning in order that they may pass by that
difficult and dangerous portion of the river before
night overtakes them. The Senate will observe
that this bridge is to be located about, perhaps,
ninety miles below Pittsburg, below the head of
the river, and of course is to be passed in the night
time. 1 suppose that no raft, no heavy boat, will
ever start out there which will not be obliged to
pass this bridge m the night, and I will state the
reason why. This boat of'such immense weight, a
thousand tons of stone coal, is moved only by the
cm rent, having no headway or impetus of its own,
and it is almost utterly impossible to land; it is
worth, peihaps, one half the boat and cargo to at-
tempt to land. The planking of the boat is only
about an inch and a quarter, and when interposed
between the weight of a thousand tons, if you
please, and the bo ttom of the river, it is easy to see
that it is mere paper in case the boat should touch
anything. If it touches a rock or a snag it is cut
instantly; and to attempt to land the boat against
the shoie, especially if the shore is not as clean and
as smooth as a floor, is almost to insure the de-
struction of the boat. Hence it is that these boats
are never landed unless in extremity, and it must
be a dire extremity which will induce one of them
to land after they once start. They only run in
flood time; they start out when the river is full
and when it is beginning to fall. When the river
is rising it is highest in the middle,and the coun-
ter currents set out from the center to the shores.
When it begins to fall it runs into the center, and
a heavy boat of this kind started will keep itself
in the center to a great extent without much diffi-
culty.
Now, here is the difficulty with regard to this
bridge: in coming to it, if you are not exactly ill
the right place when you are a mile above the pas-
sage where you intend to go through, in that mile
it is utterly impossible to move this boat ten feet,
perhaps, either one side or the other with all the
force you can get. The strength of a man with
an oar on a boat of this kind in a current of six
miles an hour will not move it to the right or left
ten feet in the mile, because you run this mile in
about ten or twelve minutes, and if you are not
exactly in the right place when you are a mile
above the bridge, when you are in sight of it, you
are just as likely to run against a pier as you are to
hit the two hundred feet of channel. Any one ac-
quainted with perspective can very readily see that
in approaching a passage two hundred feet wide,
at the distance of a mile, even in broad daylight,
and when you can see it well, it is a very narrow
opening.
There is another thing, Mr. President; you
may be within one hundred or two hundred yards
of these piers in broad daylight, in the open stream,
when it is almost an utter impossibility for you
to tell which side you are going upon. I think it
is the universal experience on that river, whore
boats are lost upon the heads of islands or upon
obstructions, that they are rowed upon them; that
it arises from the fact that the pilot is endeavor-
ing to go upon one side of the island, when the
secret counter current, of which he is not aware,
is really taking him on the other; and between the
exertions of the current on the one hand, and his
rowing on the other, he runs upon the obstruc-
tions, so difficult ir it to determine all those things;
and hence the Senate will perceive the necessity
of a full, fair, and wide channcl. v
I go a little further. I have been speaking of
boats which are merely floated upon the river; but
recently, as the trade lias progressed, strong steam-
boats are used for the purpose of towing these
boats, and they take ten or twelve of them in com-
pany. It is true they do not go very rapidly; but
the advantage of the steamboat is, that it gives to
the boats an additional impetus over that which
they had by means of their own weight, and en-
ables them, as the pilots say, to be steered. Now,
as I understand those fleets, when these boats are
tied together with the tug ill the midst of them,
they are from one hundred and fifty to one hundred
and sixty feet wide, seven or eight boats abreast, or
more. Any one can see that with a fleet of that
sort, and of such enormous weight, it would bo
almost impossible—I speak now of navigating the
river in open day when it is perfectly calm, and
when there are no natural difficulties—to get these
boats within such a narrow space as this bill pro-
vides for leaving under this bridge.
So much with regard to the coal trade of the
river. Now, with regard to the lumber trade.
This lumber comes down the Alleghany river in
strings; that is, the boardsarelaidlengthwise, and
then "they are crossed and built up together until
a kind of raft is constructed, one stung wide; or,
ill other words, it may be two, three, or four hun-
dred feet long, but it is as wide as a single boaid
is long. This string may be twelve or sixteen feet
wide. When these rafts reach the mouth of the
Alleghany river and come to the Ohio, they are
tied together, side by side, and ten, twelve,and I
think even as high as eighteen strings are some-
times tied together. At the end of each string is
an oar, and a man to woik it. The Senate may
form some idea of the.se rafts, and what they
amount to, when I inform them that they some-
times covcran acre and a quarter; and upon these
rafts yon can find houses with chnnniesaiid stables,
with horses and cattle and haystacks on boaul,
vast piles of shingles, cnoper's stuff and cooper s
ware, ail carried along. They, as 1 said before,
are obliged to navigate this particular part of the
river in daylight. They startin the morning and
get to this Steubenville bridge at night. I think
I am safe in saying that a raft of this kind cannot
be landed under three miles of clean river shore.
It is landed by rowing it hard up against the shore
and allowing it to rub along until its momentum
is lost by the gradual attrition upon the shore,
helped as well as men can do it ,by taking out hal-
yards and ropes and catching at whatever they
can. It is quite a scene to witness a landing oc-
cupying fifty or sixty men in doing it, all excited
to the highest pitch.
Now, to suppose that a fleet of that magnitude
could be run through two hundred feet at this
point is, to my mind, utterly impossible. If there
was no difficulty in the way of land ing, and if this
bridge could be run always in daylight, I should
feel it my bounden duty to the people who have
an interest in this river to oppose this project.
My own best opinion is, and I have had in my
early life considerable experience on these rivers,
that four hundred feet would be but a fair channel
for the trade and traffic upon that river. However,
as the bridge is a great desideratum, and as we
are desirous thereof enjoying the advantages, not
only of the river itself, but also of railroads, the
river may perhaps be usefully confined to three
hundred feet, and I would say not a foot less; and
for this reason: that even if in daylight you could
run closely between these two piers, you must
consider that these people are bound to do it at
night; they are bound to do it in darkness; they
are bound to doitwlien tlieymustapproach within
two or three hundred yards of this passage before
they can tell exactly where they are; and it is
much more difficult to tell where you are on a river
a thousand or fifteen hundred yards wide than
most people imagine. There are no landmarks
to guide you. The marks are on the shore. They
serve to tell you on what point of the river you
are, but do not tell you how far you arc from
either shore. Then at night, if this bridge is to
be constructed according to this proviso, with a
channel of two hundred feet, I will venture to say
it amounts to tying up that great artery of com-
merce, one of the greatest rivers upon earth, and
it amounts to a disturbance of the whole coal and
lumber trade of the legion above. It affects not
only the interests of the people of Western Penn-
sylvariiaand Western Virgniiaand Eastern Ohio,
who have these coal fields and this lumber, but it
affects the interests of every man below who de-
pends on them for a supply of these necessaries
of life.
Therefore I desire that this amendment of three
hundred feet shall be made, and I am free to say
that it is with some misgivings of conscience that
I even consent to that width when I consider the
importance of the interests which my people have
at stake upon the head-waters of that river. Still
I think that if the bridge be properly located with
that width of span, they may get through without
being much injured. I am almost free to say, too,
that such would be the feeling among the people
who use that river and who have been wont to use
it from time immemorial as a great public high-
way—that if it were given away to a corporation,
and privileges conferred on that corporation which
would operate to their detriment and to their loss,
they would overthrowthe structure at all hazards;
and therefore I think it is important that when we
are dealing with their vital interests and when we
are about to give away to a private corporation—
true, an institution created for the public good, but
really after all a private corporation, for the pur-
pose of making a profit to the private corporators
—we should be extremely careful how far we ex-
tend the terms of this grant.
It may be well to note, Mr. President, that a
railroad, although it is often called a highway, is
in fact neither a highway nor a road. Upon this
great river all men can go with their boats and
crafts, and go freely. They can start when and
where and at what time they please. They can
land anywhere upon the shores if their craft and
the water will admit of it, and nobody has a l ight
in any way to fetter or restrain it. But it will be
observed that that is not the case with a railroad.
It is not a highway; it is a machine; it is an en-
gine. It is no more a highway than if it were a
tutu I which would pick up a box at Washington
and swing it through the air to Baltimore. AlHts
parts constitute but one whole. The vehicle which
goes upon it must be adapted to it and made for
it, the same as one cog-wheel is made to run m
another. This vehicle must be under the control
