870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
fieicnt ground for his expulsion from the Senate,
because the sentiments expressed were disloyal;
and as the testimony seemed to be strong and well
authenticated that the gentleman claiming the seat
from Oregon had used such language I thought it
advisable to submit the papeis to the considera-
tion of a committee to see whether, as the gentle-
man used the language before he became a Sen-
ator, it was or was not a sufficient ground upon
which to exclude him. It will be observed that
the two cases arc very different. I said that I sup-
posed that no Senator would disagree with me
that such language used by a person having this
official station would be a sufficient ground for his
expulsion. 1 think so still. I think that if a per-
son who had taken the oath, and who had been
burdened with the responsibility of this position,
should give utterance to sentiments so inconsistent
with liis duty, he ought to be expelled. It may,
however, be a very different question whether the
utterance of that language before he became a
Senator, and under the circumstances m which it
was uttered, would be a sufficient ground to jus-
tify us in refusing to admit the applicant to take
the oath; and tlmtquestion I wished submitted to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The committee have considered it. It is a com-
mittee in which we all have confidence. It lias
reported that in its judgment he is entitled to take
the oath, and the exposition made by the honor-
able Senator fiom Connecticut [Mr. Foster] of
the ground upon which that opinion was formed
by the committee, is certainly a very strong one.
They have made this report, I believe, with very
nearly entire unanimity; and lam disposed upon
full deliberation to sustain their action. I think
that where the case depends entirely upon lan-
gauge such as this, used at a time anterior and,
mostly, longantorior to the period when the party
was elected a Senator, it being mere language,
mere declarations, the committee might well be
justified m the conclusion that it was not sufficient
ground to say that he was so disloyal, and re-
mained so disloyal up to the time of his appoint-
ment, that we, assuming the office of judges, in
view of all the ciicumstances which we could not
know, in view of ail the incidents and accompa-
niments which we could not understand, are
therefore justified m taking tins high prerogative
into our hands, and saying that the person being
qualified so far as all the particular constitutional
pro visions are concerned to become a Senator, must
yet be cxciudcd. As my fiiend from Vermont
[Mr. Collamkr] suggests, according to the con-
struction which would be -ulopted if we followed
out that idea, he cannot be allowed to purge him-
self of the slam of disloyalty, he cannot be allowed
to go to the desk and say notwithstanding these
words that! used which are testified to by wit-
nesses whom I had no opportunity to cross-ex-
amine, I am willing to wipe it all out by my act in
coming to the bai of the Senate, and befoie God
taking my oath that I will be loyal to the Consti-
tution of the United States and support it. I say
it would be exewising a very high prerogative. I
was aware of that when I made the original mo-
tion. I deemed it to be an important question.
While 1 say now that I am not prepared to admit
that in no case would I not exert it, and while I
say that there are many cases in which I would
exert it, come what would, yet this is not one of
them. Suppose for instance that one ofthc leaders
of this lebelhon should present himself here: sup-
pose the Slate of Tennessee should comeback to
the Union being freed of those who now control
it, and that a Legislature properly elected should
send General Pillow here as a Senator from that
State: I would vote that he should not be allowed
to take the oath, becausc though not a convicted
traitor, he is an admitted traitor* I would not
allow htm to come here by my vote; and if Sen-
ators ask me upon whatprinciple I act, i tell them
i act upon my own individual responsibility as a
Senator of the United States. It is for me to judge
both with regard to expulsion and with regard to
admission; and it i« between me and my con-
science, myself and my God, who will judge me
for the manner in which I discharge my duties to
the country.
But, sir, it cannot hut be conceded that this is a
most important matter as a precedent. The Con-
stitution hits rightly provided that it shall take
two thirds to expel a memU r; and that provision
lo made nioidei to lemove ihe w hole question from
considerations which do not properly belong to it.
Now, sir, it is obvious to any man that if we un-
dertake to judge in advance, to say that a man
who presents himself under proper circumstances,
so far as the Constitution is concerned, for admis- | j
sion as a Senator, shall not be permitted to take 1
the oath, it places questions of that description in j
the hands of a mere majority. While I admit ,
that there may be cases in which it may be neces- I
sary and justifiable that the majority should ex-
ercise that power, I say it is a precedent fraught
with much danger to our institutions, to the body
of which we are members, and to all legislative
bodies, that a power should be exercised by a
mere majority to exclude anybody from a seat
who comes with the regular constitutional quali-
fications. It being a power so dangerous, so liable
to abuse, from the exertion of which so many
wrong inferences may be drawn, and ftom which
so much injury may follow to the country, I think
it a duty not to exercise that power, except in ex-
treme cases, cases so palpable that they address
themselves at once to the consideration of every
man and to the good sense and propriety of feel-
ing of the country, where every one sees and feels
that the extremity of the case justifies the strength
and power of the action.
The question then arises, is this one of those
cases? I thought the testimony was strong; I
think so still. The language used by the gentle-
man, who comes here with these credentials, was
of a very reprehensible kind, in my judgment; and
as 1 said before, if he had used it after he became
a Senator, 1 should readily vote for his expulsion.
But, after all, there is a great deal to be said about
it which we may consider. In the first place, it
is but ex parte testimony, and that consideration
is always an impoi tan tone. He has had no chance
to cross-examine the witnesses; there has been no
opportunity to discover the circumstances under
which the statements were made to piove his ex-
act meaning, whether some of his remarks were
made in sport and some in seriousness. Take for
instance this toast Beauregard or beau-regard; the
witness said he did not know which he meant,
though his impression was that he meant to give
a toast to General Beauregard; still, it might not
be so, and a cross-examination by the gentleman
might bring out the fact. Testimony irom those
who were presentmightbringoutthefact that the
language was used in another sense. I think that
is all that has taken place at any iecent date; the
rest was at a time long anterior, in a time of great
political excitement, when it might be supposed
that the language was used under the excitement
of the hour and pressed by the excitement of the
hour.
It happens to be known to me that there are many
men, some of whom are known to me personally,
who are now perfectly loyal men, fighting in de-
fense of their country with as much good faith and
zeal ami cneigy as any men, who talked as wildly
during that canvass as the Senator from Oregon is
reported—oris pi oved, if you please—to have con-
verged at the period that he made the greater part
of these declarations. Men in the heat ofn polit-
ical contest are apt to talk wildly, and to say things
which are not to be taken as strictly expressing
their sentiments. I have said such things myself,
and been sorry for them afterwards; perceived that
I had gone too far, and that I had something to
retract. Such is the nature of man. Much of what
has been attributed to the gentleman may be ex-
plained upon this ground.
Besides, as I have already suggested, the testi-
mony against him is entirely ex parte. It may bo
argued that the Senator can disprove it if it is not
correct; but it must be observed that he denies, j
j and denies plumply,anythinghkedisloyalty: and ;
further, the burden of proof is on the other side. I
in view of these circumstances, and considering ;
the distance, would it be fair, with this allegation 1
of loyalty on his part, with sumo proof furnished :
Aoni his statement of a letter that he wrote m June '
last, before his appointment, showing his feelings !
at that time, would it be just at this period of the
session to send the Senator back to Oregon to take
testimony ? We all know that the result would be
that he would not be able to prove his case during
this session of Congress. ;
Under all these circumstances, considering the
j mode in which this testimony was taken, and the
! nature of it; coi^ideung the Senator's allegation
of entiie loyalty now, and his willingness, to sub-
mit to the only test that the Constitution requires;
considering the great danger of the precedent, be-
cause it would be an exceedingly dangerous one,
and that it is advisable that we avoid making dan-
gerous precedents; and considering further thata
committee of this body, in whom we all have con-
fidence, have had this subjcct long under consid-
eration, and have gravely advised us that, in their
judgment, the Senator should be permitted to take
the oath, I feel strongly inclined, indeed, bound,
to yield to their opinion; more particularly as I
think it is justifiable, and ought to be yielded to
under the circumstances. Nor do I think it would
be good sense to send it back to them. I do not
know why they should be called upon, as a com-
mittee, to decide on these facts, to express a mere
opinion. They report the testimony; they leave
it to us; they are as much entitled to express their
individual opinions separately upon the subject
as we arc; and we have no right, in my judgment,
to require of them a positive opinion as to the
bearing of the facts themselves.
Sir, m relation to all these questions, whether
to expel a member or to admit a member, I say
now what I might have said if I had chosen to
make any remarks to the Senate on the rccent
question which detained us so long as to the ex-
pulsion of Senator Bright, that I deem all these
matters to be judicial. They address themselves
to the individual; and when sitting or voting on
these questions, whether of expulsion or admis-
sion, each Senator is a judge. He ought to en-
tertain no feeling, he ought to express no feeling
outside of what the facts themselves call for. He
ought to try, as far as lie can, to divest himself of
everything that is extraneous to the matter before
him. 1 shall consider it in that light; and having
to decide solely for myself what my own duty is,
I have come to the conclusion deliberately to vote
against this proposition ofthc honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, to send the case back to
the committee, and when the question appears
before me in a shape that I can vote directly upon
it, to vote that the gentleman who presents his
i credentials be permitted to take the oath,and be-
come a member of the Senate,
Mr. HALE. I shall detain the Senate but a few
moments. The only point, which is palpable on
the face of the report, that I wished to present to
the Senate is this: it seems to me from the report
of the committee, which is exceedingly brief, that
the committee themselves contemplate some ulte-
rior proceedings on these papers. 1 will read it;
they put that part of it in italics, I suppose to call
special attention to it:
The Committee on the Judicialy, to whom were referred
the eioilcntials of Benjamin Stark, as a Senator from the
f-U.tto of Oicgon, have had the same under consideration,
and without oxprnsvmg any opinion as to the piled of the
papers before them upon any subsequent proceedings in the
ease, they repoi t the following ic&olution."
Now, all that I contend for or ask is, that any
proceeding the committee contemplate in reference
to this case, be had before the Senator takes his
oath. I do not want to send him back to Oregon
or anywhere else; but how do w? stand ? A cer-
■ tain set of papers and a certain question were re-
| furred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I act
heie, as the Senator from Maine says he does,
upon my individual responsibility; but, as I un-
derstand it, the committee have failed in what,in
my view, the Senate had aright to expect of them;
and that was, their judgment upon themattersub-
mitted to them. Why are they a Committee on
the Judiciary5 Why do they have cognizance of
these questions? Because they arc learned law-
yers; because the Senate, out of all the wise men
whom it contains, selected these as the wisest, the
men best conversant with constitutional quest ions,
; and constituted them a high Committee on the Ju-
I diciary. The Committee on the Judiciary has al-
I ways been considered in this body as a committee
j on privileges. The matter has been discussed very
| many times, and whenever a question on privileges
has arisen, it has uniformly been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
i beg leave to say, in reference to the action of
1 the Committee on the Judiciary, that the doings
of that committee in years past, up to the ease of
j the contested election of my honorable friend from
j Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] were characterized by a very
! high device of impartiality, of candor, of learning,
I and of independence, i know—and I will speak
■ of bun because he js now no longer nmong the
living—that the late Judg" Butler, of South Car-
