2852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
of the corporation. It cannot start when it chooses;
it cannot stop where it pleases; but it must run to
a fixed schedule; and to suppose otherwise is to
suppose that the whole would go into chaos and
be useless to anybody. It is not a highway, then,
1 say, Mr. President, and it is not entitled at the
hands of the Legislature—asking you to give away
the rights secured to the people, to all the people
in their integrity—that it should be put upon the
footing of a highway.
I would not be understood to depreciate the
great value and the advantages of a railway. At
tne same time I would not allow myself to be so
far deluded by those advantages, either at present
in enjoyment or prospective for the future, as to
give away for them the rights of the meanest cit-
izen, if they could be preserved; and I think by
our law and by our policy we do endeavor in all
cases to preserve the rights even of the meanest
individual. No railroad company, by or under
the constitution of any State m the Union that I
know of, can carry its road over a yard square of a
widow's garden without paying her for it. Private
property is as sacred before the march of this great
improvement as though it were a common cow
path through the barrens. Therefore, I would de-
sire that while we allow these corporations all
facilities for carrying their roads across the Ohio
river, the river itself shall be kept for the people
intact, unobstructed, and unimpeded, as it has
been since the discovery of the continent. I hope
that this amendment will prevail, and that it will
not be knocked down a foot; because I think it is
now down to the very lowest possible figure at
which to serve the trade of that river.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I should have
much preferred that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania had permitted me to take the usual course
in this matter, because I have some amendments
that 1 desired to offer before we came to this main
question, and, I suppose, the only question there
is between us; but if 1 can make the Senate under-
stand it, I do not know that it makes much differ-
ence where we begin.
I premise by saying that it is neither the desire
of myself nor of those whom 1 represent to affect
seriously the navigation of the Ohio river, and the
Senator is right when he says that the people of
Ohio are interested in this matter as much as those
of Pennsylvania, Virginia, or any other State.
Most assuredly, upon the principles he has laid
down, and they are just and true in that respect,
the people of Ohio have as much interest in this
structure as those of any other State; but the peo-
ple of the State of Ohio, as represented in both
□ranches, I believe, think that this structure will
not be to their inconvenience, but will be to the
general advantage. Jt is so represented to us. We
go for the measure upon the ground that it is one
of great public utility and in no way detrimental
either to the people of Ohio or Pennsylvania or
any other State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster, in
the chair.) The morning hour having expired, it
becomestheduty of the Chairto arrest thisdiscus-
sion, and call up the unfinished business of yes-
terday, which is the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of a certain bill which was indicated
by him.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone that, and
continue the consideration of this bill.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that upon some
consultation with friends, I have concluded not to
press the motion I made before the adjournment
yesterday until Monday; but I give notice that I
shall call it up on Monday, and let this debate
now go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill No.
392 will be regarded as being continued under
consideration.
Mr. WADE. Mr. Piesident, I must come to
the conclusion that the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is singular in the views that he entertains in
regard to this question. In the first place, this
bill went to a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives; they were favorable to it; it came be-
fore the House of Representatives, and the House
passed the bill, and sent it to us without any se-
rious opposition being made there; it went before
the proper committee of this body who had it un-
der eonsideidtion; and knowing that it was an im-
portant measure, they took means to ascertain
what would be the cffect of it, as well as they
could, without sending for engineersand the like;
bat after consultation with many men who were
well acquainted with the navigation, the commit-
tee, I believe, were unanimously of opinion that
the structure would not be injurious—I mean in
the position in which it was first reported. If I
am wrong in this, some member of the committee
will correct me.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was our opinion
from the showing before us.
Mr. WADE. The committee took the opinions
of several gentlemen who seemed to haveaknowl-
edge of this navigation, and who were well qual-
ified in the view of the committee to judge of the
effect of this measure, and their judgment was
unanimous that this structure would not seriously
impede the navigation of the Ohio river, even as
the bill was originally passed by the House of
Representatives and sent to us; but knowing that
the measure might meet with some contest here,
we were anxious to relieve it from objection, so
thatwe mightpassit with greater activitythan we
could otherwise do. Gentlemen who represented
in some degree the business men of Pittsburg and
of some other places, came here for the purpose
of looking after this measure, and they made a
kind of agreement, so far as they could make it,
with those interested in this structure, to concede
something on both sides over and above what the
bill called for; and my purpose was to offer an
amendment to this bill upon the same point of
which the Senator complains, extending this draw
seventy feet wider than was contemplated by the
House of Representatives, or by the committee of
the Senate, or by any of those with whom they
consulted. We believe that that certainly must
be satisfactory, because, in our judgment, it went
to the very extreme. The Senator says you can
make a draw much wider than that and still have
it strong enough for the purposes of the railroad.
Mr. COWAN. The Senator will allow me to
say that my remarks were all applicable to a bridge
with a limited span. I think it utterly impossible
to construct on this river a drawbridge. I was
referring to the spaces between the spans, not to
the draw.
Mr. WADE. The Senator believes that space
eafi be extended even to three hundred feet. I
really have no experience in regard to this matter,
nor have I any particular science to show me what
can be done; but I am strongly inclined to think
that when we make a draw of the width that this
modified proposition contemplates—two hundred
and seventy feet—we have weakened it immensely;
but in the opinion of many men who are better
qualified to judge than myself, it is the very ex-
treme to which you can go and have the bridge
safe for railroad purposes. We are willing to go
that far, because it is not our purpose to obstruct
the navigation.
But the Senator ought to recollect that old ideas
have been exceedingly modified as to the import-
ance of the navigation of these streams by modern
science and invention. I know very well that for-
merly they were deemed so important that in the
old ordinance of 1787 it was provided that every
navigable stream in the Northwestern Territory
should remain unalterably so forever. If we had
adhered to the letter of that strict pro vision, in Ohio,
in I Ihnois, in Indiana,and in ail the country north-
west of the river Ohio, we could neither have built
a canal nor made a railroad, for there are innu-
merable of those streams that were to remain nav-
igable streams unobstructed forever. But, sir, had
the wise framers of that ordinance understood,
could they have had the gift of prophecy to see
that within half a century from the time that old
ordinance was made, human science and invention
would enable us to do the amazing woik of rail-
roads, would they have believed these little streams
so important as to make a provision in that old
ordinance which by us very letter would have pre-
vented any further improvement ever being made?
Most assuredly they would not. Time, science,
experience, has utterly changed the whole face of
things, and depreciated immensely from the im-
portance of the navigation of these streams. As
for the Ohio river, important as it is yet, although
it is not half as important as it once was, it is a
stream the navigation of which is extremely
uncertain, Mr. Randolph some years ago pro-
nounced it a stream that was dry one half the year
and frozen the other half. That was acaricaturc,
an exaggeration, and yet it had a considerable
savor of truth in it. The navigation of that river
in the dry season for months is almost entirely
impeded, and no business can be done upon it, and
that occurs, so far as I can remember, almost every
year. There is besides a considerable period of
the year when it is obstructed by ice. Now, to
suppose that the great sweep of modern commerce
shall be utterly interrupted and 'impeded by this
river is a proposition that in my judgment cannot
be maintained.
I have said that the Senator seems to be singu-
lar in his opposition, and now I wish Senators to
attend to what I have to produce. The attention
of the business men of Putsburg, whom he repre-
sents, was called to this question, and they have
sent in their petitions here. 1 might read them.
They purport to come from business men of Pitts-
burg. Here is one.
Mr. COWAN. I have no doubt it is signed by
them.
Mr. WADE. When the Senator hears the
names he will know who they are better than I
do. 1 send the petition which I hold in my hand
to the Secretary, and ask that it be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To thehonorable the Scnate.ofthe United States of America:
The undersigned manufacturer^ and business men ot the
city of Pittsbuig and county of Alleghany, State of Penn-
sylvania, have seen with great gratification that a hill ha*
passed the House ofltepresentativess legalizing the comple-
tion of the railroad bridge over the Ohio liver, at the ctiy
of Steubenville, Ohio; and as the completion of this bridge
and its raihoad connections will shorten the distance be-
tween the East and the West equal to three hour-,' time in
the transportation of the mails, besides affording greatly
increased facilities for the transportation of li eight and pas-
sengers, we earnestly but most respectfully uice yourhon-
oiable body to pass the bill as reported, and your inemonal-
ists will ever piay,&c.
Jones & Latighhns, American Iron Woiks>; Lippmcott
& Co , Lippnieott Works; Charles Smyth & Co.. Birming-
ham Works; James Wood & Co., Eagle Iron Woifrss; Knap,
Wood & Co., Hiawatha Nut Woiks>; Wood & Stciimg,
Mid. Hon Work*; James B Lyon & Co., O'llara Glass
Wotks; A. & D. W. Chambers, Pittsbuig Gia^Woik-;;
Melvnight & Bro., Iron Manufacturer; McK.ee & Bro.,
Flint Glass; Joseph Woodevill & Co , Haidware; Jones,
Bovd & Co., PittsburgStPel Works ; Singer, Fumck & Co.,
Sheffield Steel Woiks; W. Bagaley, Whoic>ale Grocer;
J. N Cook, Ca-duei or the Alleghauv B.uik; .Lyon, Slnuto
& Co., Iron and Nail®, Shgo Woik*; Chaile* II. Paulsen,
lint Manufacturer; Kay & Co., Rook and Papei Deaieis;
J. E. Reed & Co.,Mathematical lnstiumcnts ; H. George &
Co., Wholesale Grocer^; Janus Boyd, Wholesale Grocor;
W AI. G Ornish}', Wholesale Gioeer; J. Painter &. Co.,
Wholesale Gioceues; It. Ilobison & Co., Wholesale Gio-
cers; Head & Metzcer, Wholesale Giocei-; GiafF & Co.,
Foundery ; Walter Biyant Si Co., Wholesale Leather; Rub-
nt Be!), Wholesale Liquoi .Dealer; L. II. Voigt & Co.,
Piodnce and Commivion; Robeit Dalzell & Co , Whole-
sale Giocers; William H. Kukpatrick & Co , VVhoh^alo
Grocer-;; It. & A. C. Duncan, Wholesale Grocers and Liq-
uoi Dcalcis; William B. Hays & Co.. Poik Packers; W.
W. Wallace, Manufacturer; MacKeown & Linhait, Pio-
dnce Merchants; S. Bwiut & Co., Wholesale Ciocer«;
John Seott & Co., Coal Dealers; B. Wolf,jr., Hardware
Dealer.
Mr. WADE. I now send to the desk, and ask
to have read, the proceedings of the Pittsburg
Board of Trade on the subject.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Whereas the Boardof Tiade have learned that a bill has
passed the House of Representatives legalizing the election
and completion of the railroad budge, now partially con-
structed, over the Ohio uver at Steubenville, Ohio, and de-
claring the same a post loute, thus affording the meiehauta,
manutaetuier>, and bu.-iness men of the city of Pittsburg,
so m>ou as the ?amc i«? completed, l;u<Hv ntctc.ised facili-
ties tor the transportation ot their manufactures, piodnce,
and merchandise, and an outlet tor va-.t fields of coal, as
well as ^curing An the Government a eboitei and quicker
route for the ti.nwuwaion of the mails : Theiefoie,
Resolved, Thar the Boaid of Tiade of the city of Pittsburg
earnestly and mo-t ref-pi-etfully uige the honorable the Sen-
ate of the United States ot America to pass the hill now re-
poited as sent from tin; committee authorizing and declar-
ing iawtul the finishing of the laihoad budge over the Ohio
nvei at Steubenville. Ohio.
JOSEPH DTL WORTH, President.
George If. Thurston, Secictary.
Mr. WADE. In addition to that [ will state
that I received this morning before I left my lodg-
ings, but did not bring with me, a like document
from the Board of Trade ofPluladelphia, in which
they most earnestly pray that this structure may
be made, and are surprised that any opposition
should be made to it. If it is necessary, 1 can send
to my lodgings and get that paper.
Mr. COWAN. No doubt the Senator states it
correctly.
Mr. WADE. Now, Mr. President, it seems
that the people of Pennsylvania who it would
appear are most particularly interested in this mat-
tor, have, so far as we can learn, given their un-
qualified assent that the structure should be built.
