1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
which is not now before the committee. The sub-
stitute of.the commiuee is now pending.
" Mr. CRADLEBAUGH. I see that Nevada is
not represented in this bill at all, and I therefore
move to insert the names of John Atkinson and
John D. Winters, of that Territory.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As there is no commis-
sioner named in the bill from the Territory of
Nevada, I think it would be proper to insert the
names which arc suggested.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALTON, of Vermont. I move to insert,
after the name of Mr. Baxter, the name of Elisha
P. Jewett, of Vermont. I observe that most of the
States have three commissioners named, and in
order that Vermont may have that number, I move
to insert the name of Mr. Jewett.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move, in the
sixty-ninth line, after the word " for," to insert
the words: "and actually paid into the Treasury
of the United States for the use of the Pacific Rail-
road Company." 1 desire to make this strictly
a cash subscription, and in order to do that it is
necessary to insert the words I have indicated.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ver-
mont proposes when these private parties sub-
scribe for stock, that they shall pay for it to the
United States. In other words, it makes the United
States Treasurer the treasurer of this company.
The Treasurer of the United Slates has his own
particular functions to attend to in handling the
public money, and he ought not to have anything
to do with the handling of private funds. This is
money proposed to be subscribed by the stock-
holders in this road, and I suppose it was never
designed to use the vaults of the United States for
the purpose of keeping the funds of private-persons.
On a division there were—ayes forty-three, noes
not counted.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont,demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sheffield
and Calvert were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes 42, noes 39.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will with-
draw his motion that the committee rise, my friend
from Vermont will withdraw his amendment, and
I propose then to offer an amendment which I
think will bo agreeable to the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw my
amendment
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert in the sixty-
ninth line these words:
And so soon as ten dollars on each share is paid Into the
Treasury.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I oppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Jowa [Mr. Wilson]
provided that these commissioners should open
Looks at such time arid in such principal cities as
a quorum of them should determine, and receive
subscriptions, and on the cash payment of ten per
cent, of the subscriptions, give a receipt therefor.
The bill, as it stands at present, requires that ten
per cent, of all stock subscribed for shall be paid
m cash, not into the Treasury oftheUnited States,
which has nothing to do with the matter, but to
the proper officer of this company, who is required
to give bond for the faithful performance of his
duty. That certainly meets the objection made
by the gentleman from Vermont.
I would like to know what further objection he
can have. The amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont would require that the money be paid
into the Treasury of the United States; and why
into the Treasury of the United States? Why
depart from the rules governing companies of a
similar character? A provision is already in the
bill that something shall be paid in cash, shall be
paid to the proper officer of this company, as has
been done in all other hke cases. I do not want
this company held to a greater accountability than
any other company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is noth-
ing mandatory in the provision read by the gen-
tleman that these parties shall pay this" sum. It
is only to be their duty to receive subscriptions,
and the money, ifany, is paid. On the other hand,
the provision is clear that so soon as two thou-
sand shares will be in good faith subscribed for,
without a farthing being paid in, they may pro-
ceed with the work.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In reply to the gentleman
from Vermont, 1 will say that it was the intention
of the committee to maketheprovision obligatory,
and they so undetstand it now—that ten per cent,
shall be paid in when the stock is subscribed for.
If there is any doubt upon that point let the gen-
tleman modify the amendment and make it light.
The point I make is, that there is no propriety in
making this company pay $2,000,000 into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Crirfield reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the special order, being a bill (H. R. No. 364) to
aid in constructing a raihoad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes,and had
come to no lesolution thereon.
LAND DISTRICT IN NEVADA.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, imported from the Committee on Public
Lands a bill to establish a land district in the Ter-
ritory of Nevada, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, leferred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
ADELAIDE TALBOT.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Adelaide Talbot,
widowed mother of the late Major and Assistant
Adjutant General Theodore Talbot; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and oidered to be
printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 1, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 40G) for the relief of Francis
HiiUmann, which had hetetoforc received the sig-
nature of the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives.
PETITIONS.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Owosso, and a petition of citizens of Lapeer,
State of Michigan, praying for the speedy passage
of a law to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United Slates; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented four petitions from
citizens of the city and State of New York pray-
ing for the passage of a general uniform bankrupt
law; which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. He remarked that he had not had occa-
sion yet to present any such petitions from citi-
zens of Indiana.
He also presented the petition of David Lan-
dreth & Son, seed growers and dealers in seeds,
praying that " the Department chaiged with the
distribution of seeds be prohibited ftom using any
portion of the apptopriation made, or to be made,
for the purchase of varieties of garden or flower
seeds, which may have been previously distrib-
uted by the Agricultural Bureau, or seeds of any
description which may be readily obtained in the
seed stores of the Union;" which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the confiscation of the
property of traitors; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
REBEL BARBARITIES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was refern d a motion to print fifty
thousand extra copies of the report of the joint
committee on the conduct of the warm regard to
the barbarous treatment by the rebels at Manassas
of the remains of officers and soldiers of the United
j Status killed in battle there, submitted the follow-
j ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
; mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That theie br printed, in addition to the usual
number, for the use of the Senate, fifty thousand copies of
the report of the joint committee on the conduct of the pres-
ent war, without th^ documents.
WASHINGTON STKJ5KT RAILROAD.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a memorial on the
subject of a railroad in the city of Washington,
and I wish to make a remark to the Senate upon
it. This memorial is from a gentleman of the
name of Brock, a gentleman of very high char-
acter, who hasbcen largely engaged in the building
I of city railroads. I find that we have three or
s four propositions here on the subject, and I always
j suspect when 1 see bills for close corporations that
| thereissome " money in them." We have learned
in my State one great truth, and that is, where
there are such applications to let individual com-
panies organize and compete. I would greatly
prefer, as a member of ^he Senate, so far as I
know anything of this question, that that course
should be adopted with these measures; but if it
is notadopted by the Senate, thisgentleman makes
a proposition, and it is evident at least that there
is some " money in it." Coming from a gentle-
man of his intelligence and long experience, he
proposes to build this road in sixty days, giving
; a guarantee to pay $10,000 annually for the im-
provement of this city. 1 ask that it be read and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
The Secretary read the memorial as follows;
and it was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia:
To the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States:
Your memorialist respectlully represents that the want
of an organized, cheap, and adequate means of passenger
conveyance between tlje Octant points ol Washington has
for veari been recognized both by the resident population
of this city and by the thousands of stiangeis who vis.it it
each week, as a most piessing need of the national metrop-
olis; one, the Immediate 'Uppij n g of winch is generally
felt to be demanded both by the personal comfort* and by
the business interests of the community. A fact so patent,
and winch involves, to a gieai extent, the convenience of
the public poivjce, has not failed to attiact the attention of
both lloti-es of Congie-^. and coupled with the manifest
anxiety of the citizens of Wa-hinifton to have thisgieat
desideiaium ptovidcd lot bj the introduction ot street pas-
senger iail\\ays to invoke their official action.
Unfoitutiately, the divei^o vievv-j of the Senate and of
the iloupe ot Representatives, relative to the details of the
scvoial plans ol lehel submitted to them, have up fothi- time
pteveuted any concert of action between them; and the
gravei duties of national import now claiming their anx-
ious deliberations are likely, unless the subject be promptly
disposed of before the closf  of the present session of Con-
gress, to lead to its abandonment, at least for a considerable
period.
CJndei the<e circumstance", your memoriali-t. believing
that no moasnie of municipal lefonn yet ^ucge^teil for
Washington isot more mgent importance to the public con-
venience than the establishment here of a desirable pas-
senger railway, respectfully and m good faith proposes to
Congie^s to construct, under the authority of any one of
the ^eveial bilN now pending in either Hou-e, a street pas-
sencei railway in Washington, upon the following general
conditions :
The load to be built and completed within sixty days,
in a substantial, first-class maimer; to be furnished and
equipped in the movt approved &tvlu ; and to be operated,
«.uhjeet to such congressional or municipal control as may
be instituted, at a fare of five cents for each single pas-
senger.
Foi the pi ivilege of construe tine and of operating the road,
your memoualist offers to set aside from its gross receipts,
and to pa\ over to the corporateauthouties ot Washington,
or to any other paiiy auihouzed to receive it, tiie sum of
$10.0u0 annually, to be expended m paving the unpaved
streets and avenues of the city.
For the full and faithful peilormance of ail these condi
tions, oi of any other whjeh may be agreed upon, your me-
j morialist will entei into the amplest obligations, and offer
j all requisite guarantees, 11 is confidence in an entirely sat-
• iifactoiy le-uit. both from a popular and a piolesMoual point
of view; is based upon the evident necessity of the work
and the sueees-s which attended lu*con*ti action ol similar
railways m Philadelphia, Baltimore. Cincinnati, and St.
IjOUib. JOIV.ATHAi'J UTkOCK,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Washington, D. (J., */.Ipril 3J, 18t52.
ARMY APPOINTMENTS IN KANSAS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
submita resolution; I do not wish to have it acted
on this morning, but I shall call it up to-morrow:
I Resohed, That the Secretary of War be directed to le-
• port to the Senate whethei one FieJenek JCmeiv, who
lnutdt'K'd Mr. William Phillips at Leav.jnwonh, Kansas,
1 iii 1855 or in 1?5<:>, ha- b-'on appointed to any place m the
: quaucimaster's department at Leavenwonh, Kansas.
!I Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state that
