1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67-1
olina, so long at the head of that committee, dis-
charged the delicate duty that was devolved upon
him with singular purity, independence,and clear-
ness. J confcss that in the many years that I have
been a member of the body, I have listened to
the reports of this Judiciary Committee, with the
single exception to which I have referred, with
admiration. They have had my unqualified ap-
proval. I do not say that 1 have always agreed
with the results they have come to; but I believe
they conducted their examinations with singular
fidelity to the requirements of the Constitution,
regardless of the requirements of party. I thought
it was highly creditable to the distinguished Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] whom I do
not see m his scat, and whom I am glad to have
an occasion to compliment, that when the creden-
tials of Mr. Bright and Mr. Fitch were presented
here, he, being then at the head of the Judiciary
Committee, was too much of a lawyer, and set
too much by his reputation as a lawyer, to make
the report that the party majority with which lie
acted required him to make. Tlie committee did
not make any written report; they did not put any
leport on iecord. The Senator from Dclawaic
held his reputation as a lawyer a little too high to
lay it on the shrine of party fidelity—or rather
infidelity, at that time, to the Constitution.
Now, sir, I think this Judiciary Committee owes
it to the Senate to give us an opinion on this sub-
ject. The Senate have a right to look to their high
reputation, to their great learning, to their re-
search, and to their knowledge of such questions
for an opinion, and I think they are bound to give
it. I am free to say that their opinions will con-
trol me, and I shall be ready to vote according to
the icsult which they come to upon deliberate
examination of this subject. I have a right to ask
it at their hands. I ought not to be required to
vote in the dark.
Mr. FOSTEIl. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will pardon me, he is giving a reason why
I never could by any possibility agree to have the
matter referred back to our committee; and that
is, that he shall feel bound by our decision. I,
for one, can never consent to assume so grave a
responsibility as controlling the judgment of the
Senator from New Hampshiic.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know whether the Sen-
ator from Connecticut means that as a compli-
ment m fact or over the left; but let it be either
way, it can go for just exactly what it is worth.
Mr. FOSTER. I mean it just exactly as the
Senator from New Hampshire means his com-
pliments to the Judiciary. Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the chair.) The Senator fiom New Hampshire
has the floor.
Mr. HALE. I mean what I say, exactly.
Mr. FOSTER. I do, too.
Mr. HALE. And I mean it; notwithstanding,
if they come to report, some of the committee
should put their hand to the plow, and then Jail
back, they will not carry me bnck with them.
Now, sir, it is not because I want this gentleman
to go to Oregon, or anywhere else; it is because
I want the committee to carry out what I under-
stand them to imply, thatthere will be some other
proceedings, that I wish this matter might go to
them. I have no wish to delay it, and I have no
wish further to occupy the time of the Senate. _
Mr. DIXON. 1 desire to say a single word in
explanation of the vote I shall give. Tiie question
before the Senate is this: whether the Senate can
inquire, at this stage, into the loyalty of a claimant
to a seat on this floor; or whether such a claimant,
if he present the proper credentials of appoint-
ment, must first be admitted to his seat before the
question can be raised. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom this whole subject has been
thus far referred, and for whom 1 have as high
respect as the Senator fiom New Hampshire or
any other Senator, have returned the subject with
this report:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom weie lefcrrcd
the credentials of Benjamin .Static, ;w a Senatoi horn the
►State of Oregon, with the accompanying papers, hav" had
the >ame under consideration, and, without exploring any
opinion a> to the ilJr'ct of tin1 papei-* before them upon any
subsequent proceeding-* in the ca^e, they repoitthe loiknv-
mg ie&olution:
Rcsohed, Thai Benjamin Sprk, of Oienon, appointed a
Senator ot that State by the Covps nor thoieof} is entitled to
take the < (institutional oath of ofiice.
That, I suppose, is as much as to say that noth-
ing which has been presented to that committee, '
even if admitted to be true, is sufficient to disqual- j
ify the gentleman claiming to act as Senator from !
Oregon from holding a scat on this floor. I am not !
in the least degree prejudiced against that gentle- j
man. T am so far, rather prepossessed in his favor
personally, though I have not had the pleasure of
his acquaintance. But, sir, in looking over the
testimony, as I have only done to-day, I find that
he is charged with uttering language of the very
strongest character against the Government of the
United States in its present struggle with the re-
bellious States. One Senator has said that these
are only words. Certainly what he has said is
merely an utterance of words, but at this time,
and on this momentous question, words are things.
I will read a few passages to the Senate from the
testimony, to show what he is charged with say-
: ing,and what are charged to be his opinions at this
, time. 1 do not say that the Senator has beenguilty
•of uttering this language, or that these are Jus
! opinions; but this is the charge brought against
him, substantiated by the testimony of witnesses,
as follows:
1 '-Mi. mark, who is a resident here and personally known
j to us all, has been for the past twelve months an ardent ad-
> vocate of the cause ot the lebclhous States. He has openly
: avowed his sympathies with the South, declaring the Gov-
ernment disrupted, and openly cxpiessing his admhation
for the constitution of the confederated States, and advo-
! eating the absoiption of the loyal States of the Union in the
: southern confedeiacy tmdei that constitution as the only
, meaib of lcstoung peace ; thuaadvocating the surrenderof
1 our Government to the so-called confederated States."
1 At another time it is charged that he said:
<• [f theie is to be -uiy war between the North and South
' all my propeitj is lor sale at fitty cents on the dollar, and
i I will* go and help the South fight. The palmetto nag is my
flag. The southern confederacy is the only legal govern-
j incut in existence ; that the United States Government is
, broken up; that Jeff Davis is fighting in a good cause, and
i it will he impossible to defeat him."'
j Further:
' " The United States forces nmv fight the South from one
end of then government to the othei, but it will amount to |
; nothing; they will close up behind them, and they cannot j
| be conqncied."1 j
! I need not read more. That, to be sure, is mere j
j words, is language; but every Senator will see at ;
! once that it is far stronger, and goes much further '
1 than anything ever supposed to have been said ;
j by a Senator who lias lately been expelled from j
: this body; and I think it would be admitted that !
; if it weic shown that a Senator holding a seat on
i this floor had uttered that language it would be ;
| good cause of expulsion. j
| Now, sir, I shall not investigate the question I
I whether this gentleman has ever uttered these ,
words or not." A Senator has said on the floor !
this morning that the testimony is ex parte. I have ;
looked through this report, and I find that there :
has been a witness who testified before the Judi- j
ciary Committee in this case, who was cross- j
examined by the gentleman claiming the seat from '
Oregon—a Mr. Joseph Lane. Whether it is the j
illustrious predecessor of the gentleman claiming j
to be Senator from Oregon or not, I do notknow; ;
but a Mr. Joseph Lane, of Oregon, testified be- ;
fore the committee. J confess that I am somewhat j
surprised that the committee have read the papers, !
have examined witnesses, have allowed the gen- j
tleman claiming a seat to cross-examine a witness, ,
and still say that they are not prepared to give ,
any opinion upon the subject. The fact that they ;
examined witnesses and investigated the subject, i
seems to be an admission that there might be a
case in which it would be proper to object to the ;
administering of the oath of ofiice: ;
*J"\Ir. Lane, being dnlv sworn, testified substantially as
follows: I nevet have heard Mr. Staik sa> much; but dur- ,
ing last June, between the 1st and 20tlh I was in Portland,
Oiegon, when I heard Sir. Staik expre.i.- himself that the
southern States were light, and that the Noith should not !
coerce them. He was walking with BMiop Scott wlien I I
Ilea*d him, m conversation, tay that his sympathies were .
with the South, and that the> were naht. 1 did not treas- .
ure his pieci^e \voi<K Mi. Btarkhvesm Poitland. I make |
Poitiand my home. I have been thine two yeais.'' ,
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator from Comiecti- j
cut will read the first two or three lines of the cross- !
examination, he will find out whether it is Senator
Lane or not.
Mr. DIXON. I will say to the Senator from
Now York that I did not suppose it was Senator
Lane, nor in alluding to the coincidence of name ,
did I intend to be understood seriously.
This is testimony which was offered before the
committee, showing that the committee supposed
it was a proper subject of investigation; and that
will be my principal reason for voting to recom-
mit it to them, for I am not now on the question
whether the charges are true or not. Thatis not
important in the present state of the case. The
committee examined this subject. They consid-
ered it proper for them to inquire whether Mr.
Stark had uttered language of this kind—whether
those were his opinions; and this witness was
cross-examined. I have not readhis eross-exaro-
ination. I do not know whether what he said on
the cross-examination tended to weaken the force
of his evidence in chief or not. It is not important
in the consideration of this case what the effect of
that was; but it certainly does show that the test-
imony was not entirely ex parte.
Here are charges oftli e very gravestkind brought
against this gentleman. If true, he certainly is not
qualified, in any ordinary sense of the word, for
a seat upon this floor. If the committee say that
he has technically the legal qualifications, that is,
the express qualifications required by the Consti-
tution, certainly—and I say it with no disrespect
to that gentleman—if these arc his opinions, he is
not, in my judgment, a lit person to hold a seat
asaSenatorof theUnited States. To saythatwe
cannot, at this stage of the proceedings, inquire
into that, it seems to me is claiming by far too
much. It is saying that there is no possible ob-
jection that can be raised at this stage to a person
claiming a seat on this floor, unless it be that he
has not the precise qualifications specified by the
Constitution. Yet it has been admitted here in
this debate that there may be other objections. He
may have certain qualifications specified in the
Constitution, but still every Senator admits that
the claimant must be loyal. If he had actually
taken up arms against the Government, and were
now in open, flagrant hostility, it would not be
claimed that the technical qualifications were suf-
ficient. We could in that case raise the objection
at this stage, as all must, I think, admit.
It is said that the claimant can prove his loyalty
by taking the oath; that the oath of loyalty purges
all those objections. To my mind, it does not in
the least degree. I agree with what the Senator
i from Massachusetts has said upon that subject,
i A person claiming a seat on this floor, who has
| deliberately uttered the language attributed to Mr.
1 Stark, and who entertains these atrocious senti-
! ments, can never purge himself of disloyalty by
; any oath which he may take. I confess, that X
\ never can consent that any person who I believe
. entertains these views shall be permitted to take
i the oath. I do not say that this gentleman is
i guilty of entertaining these views, or of having
| uttered this language; but I do say that when the
j question was referred to the Committee on the
| Judiciary, they ought to have given us their opin-
| ion on the testimony. I think we had a right to
; claim it. Now, they virtually say to us that
whether this testimony be true or not, the claim-
ant ought to be admitted as a member of this body.
They will not inquire whether it is true or not,
because, if true, in their judgment it does not dis-
qualify him. Such I understand to be the ap-
parent purport of their report. If thatis so, if
they are deliberately of that opinion, then I shall
not vote to send it back to them; but I understand
. from my colleague that that was not the opinion
i of the committee; that they intended to express
| no opinion on the subject. I think,, with all re-
spect to him and them, they ought to have ex-
pressed an opinion. If they had expressed an
! opinion and luid said that the language and opin-
s ions attributed to the claimant were not objection-
j able, then I would not send the case hack to them,
I although I confess that I should not in that case
j be governed by their opinion. I should vote that
| this language, if uttered, and these opinions, if
! entertained, rendered the gentleman claiming a
! seat hero totally unfit to act as a Senator of the
I United States. I never will, either for technical
| or any other reasons, admit that the oath of office
I shall be tendered to any person, whoever he may
; be, who has ever entertained those views, unless
1 he will state that he has entirely changed them,
and I do not know that I should do so even men.
' I should apprehend that the degree of lubricity,
' mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts,
: attached to his oath, and by this I intend no re-
; flection upon the gentleman claiming a seat. But
in this case the claimant does not expiessly deny
i that these are his opinions. He has given up
