1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28m
They are not, like the Senator, able to see wherein
their interests will be affected injuriously by it.
These papers say much more than I can say upon
that subjcct; they are from the highest and most
respectable sources, from gentlemen acquainted
with this business, who know all about it, know
all its bearings upon them and how it will affect
their interests, and so far from believing that it
can be detrimental to them they think it will be
highly beneficial, and I may say that the people
of Ohio living along the same line believe the same
thing, and they stand forth here, as do the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, to urge their
opinions and their interests and their views upon
the consideration of this body.
AH these representations have been made in
k reference to the bill as it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, providing for a drawbridge with a
span of two hundred feet, and yet to conciliate on
this subject, to make " assurance doubly sure" that
nobody shall be injured by it, we have consented
to add seventy feet to that width. I hope Sena-
tors will attend to it. Is there any Senator here
who, when you have the voice ofthesegentlemen
who seem to understand the matter, who have as
great interests in it as anybody else, who have
come to the conclusion that the House bill will
not injure them, is not ready to pronounce with
me that the bill ought to pass? The liberality of
those who propose to build this structure is will-
ing to accommodate, and, asl said before, to make
assurance doubly sure that the remotest interest
of the Senator's constituents shall not be reached,
we have consented to add even seventy feet to the
span of the draw beyond what they expected
would be the width; and is it not going very far?
That coal trade is as dear to the people of Oluo
as it is to those of Pennsylvania. The lumber
comes to us,and we areas much interested in that
trade, too, as they are. There is no intention on
our part to injure these interests; -but, on the other
hand, we can never consent that the Ohio river is
not to be crossed by railroads; that a great line of
communication so important to the people, both
East and West, shall forever be interrupted and
prevented by this almost unnavigable river, as it
is above the falls of the Ohio at any rate. It would
be sacrificing the greatest interest to a mere fan-
cied interest.
I do not wish to depreciate now the importance
of the trade that the Senator speaks of; but when
you compare it to the vast interests connected with
crossing this river by railroads, which is a benefit
to the people in every section of the Union, no man
can fail to see that to make this objection is, as I
said, sacrificing the great and all-important subject
to the least of all.
I do not wish to take up time. I do not know
that I can enlighten the Senate any further if I
should attempt it. I am not very well skilled in
the art of navigation, of which the Senator gave
us so interesting anaccountin regard to these rafts-
men, and the manner of managing their rafts and
the manner of floating their boats down stream,
for that is all he pretends there is about it. He
does not pretend that steamboats and the regular
business of the river will be impeded by it, and I
say even his fancied interest will not be touched.
He says these rafts will have to go under the
bridge at night. If they are good navigators, and
understand where the d taw is, they can prepare for
it as well in the night as in the day time. There
is no more probability of passing this particular
place at night than any other place. The Senator
says the bridge is to be constructed ninety miles
from the city of Pittsburg.
Mr. COWAN. About that.
Mr. WADE. I do not know but that the Sen-
ator is right in that. Itis somewhere about that;
the precise number of miles is not very material;
it does not affect the position he has taken; but
how does he calculate that a raft will certainly ar-
rive at this bridge in the night time? Would it
not depend a little upon what time of day it hap-
pened to leave Pittsburg? Would it not depend
a iittle upon the current of the river, the course
of the winds, and ten thousand accidents that
may happen to render itas uncertain as tine winds
themselves, whether it shall pass this bridge in
the night or the day ? I do not think that was a
good argument. I do not think it weighed any-
thing. 1 admit that a raft or a boat may happen
along by this bridge in the night, but no more
likely at that time than anywhere else on the river.
I do not think that furnishes any reason why this
structure should not be built.
But I appeal to you, Senators, to say whether
this river shall remain a gulf between the East
and the West, the North and the South, forever
impassable to the great improved mode of travel-
ing and transportation arid commerce. Why,
sir, the policy is too narrow for the age in which
we live. I do not believe the ingenuity of the
Senator can bring this Senate to declare that no
railroad shall ever cross this river. I remember
very well that a few years ago it was complained
by the people of Pittsburg that the Wheeling bridge
was an obstruction. I remember that, growing
out of that controversy, one of the most gigantic
lawsuits that was ever brought before a court,
came before the Supreme Court here. For a
while it drew the attention of the whole country
to it. They complained that the bridge was a
nuisance, and they made it out to the satisfaction
of that court, and the structure was about being
ordered to be abated as a nuisance; and what was
done?
Mr. COWAN. The wind blew it down.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; the wind did blow it
down, but not exactly then; but this Congress
passed an act making a mail route overthe bridge,
and that facile court concluded that that barred
their right to declare it a nuisance. They were
easily persuaded. 1 should not have been so easily.
If I had been a member of that court, and believed
it was a nuisance, and a judicial tribunal had as-
certained it to be such, I should say, "make it
what you please, it is a nuisance still." The court,
however, were convinced of their error. They
made a bull and they knew it, and were glad of
any means by which to back out of it. That is
all there was of it. But then what happened?
The wind did blow it down, but the court did not
blow it down. It stood over your judicial pro-
ceeding. It triumphed over you theie. Itwasso
perfectly manifest to everybody that its being a
nuisance was a mere pretense, that it survived
your judicial decision until the elements carried
it off. What next? Why, sir, another structure
was immediately erected upon its ruins, and stands
there to-day uncomplained of by anybody.
It is just so with this bridge. The idea that it
will be an obstruction is a fancy and nothing more.
There will be no obstruction, theie can be none
with a draw of this kind; and I hope and believe
that this Senate will not come to the conclusion to
refuse this accommodation to the great and mighty
interests of the East and the West, for which t hoy
have prayed and petitioned, and fiorn which no
man dissents except it is the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I was told the other day that the mem-
bers representing that State in the other House are
entirely satisfied with this bill as 1 propose to mod-
ify it. ' I will not vouch for that, but I will vouch
for the fact that I was so informed; and I know
they did assent to the bill of the House which was
much more restrictive than this proposition of
mine.
Now, sir, I hold in my hand a paper on this
subject, which I do not know that it is necessary
to read to the Senate. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania received a copy of it. It was served on
us both by those who supposed they had conflict-
ing interests, and in it they agree to the modifi-
cation that I propose to make m this bill if this
amendment is voted down. I was going myself
to move to modify the bill by this thing that we
may call a compromise—not a compromise of the
right of the Senate to do what they please with
it, but a proposition which the men interested in
this whole subject, having theif eye upon it, un-
derstanding all about it, aie willing to take and be
satisfied with; that is, to make the draw two hun-
dred and seventy feet, adding seventy feet, to it.
A draw of two hundred feet was satisfactory to the
House, was satisfactory to your Board of Trade,
was satisfactory to your petitioners, the business
men of Pittsburg—they were all satisfied with the
House bill; but through mere supererogation we
agree to give them seventy teot more. Is not that
generous? Is it not right5 Ought the Senator to
complain? Should he not be content with this,
with which his own constituents, who feel so m-
teiested, are satisfied?
I know he is u stickler for the rights of the peo-
ple. So am I. He says this river belongs to the
people to transact their business upon. I grant
him that. But, sir, the people of other parts of
the country have certain rights. This railroad,
we are informed by the petition of those~gentle-
men from Pittsburg, if it is permitted to cross the
river on this bridge, will expedite by more than
three hours the communication between the East
and the West. Is not that a benefit to the peo-
ple about as great as your fancied benefit in tak-
ing coal boats of a certain width under this draw?
You could not contract them six feet, I suppose,
to save the world! Suppose you should take off
a rod in their width ana add it to their length,
would the world turn round, or would the raft run?
Is there some conception of nature that requires
that such a raft shall be at least as* wide as our
draw or a little wider? I see'no necessity for any
such fixed and unalterable state of things. The
fact is, what we offer is generous, satisfactory,
right; righ t b y th ose that fixed i t before; and e very-
body is satisfied except the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. What I offer is to comply exactly with
what these conflicting interests have said will be
satisfactory to them. I need not read the paper,
for. the Senator has one. They served a copy
upon each of us, as being satisfactory to both
sides; and in my judgment it should be satisfac-
tory to the public. It is satisfactory to the pub-
lic who take interest enough in it to move upon it
at all.
For the present, sir, I shall say no more, but
will hear what is to come from the other side.
Mr. COWAN. I am as much in favor of a
proper bridge as anybody. I am as sensible of the
advantages to be derived from railroad communi-
cation as anybody, and feel it, I think, quite as
much. But, sir, that is not the question; it is not
the question whether communication between the
East and the West, and the North and the South,
shall be cutoffby this great gulf—the name given
to the Ohio river; but the question is, whether this
Senate cannot so amend the provisions of the bill
before it as to enable the country to enjoy both,
and to enjoy both in their fullest plenitude. Now,
sir, I also received from the city of Philadelphia
a great many requests to favor a bill providing
that a bridge might be thrown across the Ohio
river at Steubenville, and I am in favor of that;
but I am very free to say that 1 received those
communications chiefly from railroad men and
men in railroad interests. I received a communi-
cation from Pittsburg, also desiring me to favor
this measure; but I knew nothing or the measure
until the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads reported it to this Senate. When I saw the
bill as reported, I discovered that the people of
Pennsylvania and the people most interested in
this bill had not been consulted about it. A day
or so after the bill was reported I received a copy
of the paper which was read at the desk, pur-
porting to come from the Pittsburg Board of
Trade. I immediately sat down and addressed
the president of the board: " Did you see the bill
that you recommended to be passed ? Did you
know anything about it?" 1 wrote to several
other gentlemen of Western Pennsylvania, who
are deeply inteiested in this thing, and asked them
if they knew what the terms and provisions of
this bill were? Now, sir, here is what Joseph
Dil worth, the president of that Board of Trade who
signed the paper read at the desk, writes to me :
Yours of the 8th came in my absence from the city. There-
fore the delay in leplying. We are glad the bill was post-
poned^ the whole matter was misrepresented to {• ur board.
Wo are m favor of the budge being built at Steubenville so
a^ not to obstruct navigation m tlie least. There should be
at least three hundred feet between the piers where the
channel runs, and many of our steamboat men eontend that
h too little. Wo aKo had no idea that this was a general
bill, allowing all lailroad companies to build bridges over the
Ohio river. This is too much, and foi iriy part, 1 would
rather lose our Sieubeuville budge than have this bill pass.
The free navigation of the Ohio is worth one dozen of our
best railroads. Unless it is essentially modified, I hope you
will oppose it. I will lay your letter before our board.
in haste, yours truly, JOSEPH DILWORTH.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
now whether tluslastarrangementto which I have
alluded was not got up subsequent to all those
statements and controversies?
Air. COWAN. I was just about to speak of
that.
Mr. WADE. That is so, I believe you will
admit.
Mr. COWAN. The Board of Trade, then, bv
a resolution, deputed William M. Shinn, S. J.
Van Bonhorst, and George P.Jones a committee
to visit this city and look after the general inter-
