1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1893
the Government has now before it to-day the
Kansas difficulty, and I presume will correct the
evils that the people of Kansas are complaining
of, by removing1 the piesent incumbent in com-
mand, and placing there a man who will be satis-
factory to the people of Kansas.
OBJECT OF THE WAR.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its consideration at the present time:
Resoh-ed, That tiio war now being carried on by the
United States of America to suppress the existing msur
rection against them, should be vigorously prosecuted and
continued to compel obedience to the Constitution and
laws of(Congress to the limits of every State and Territory
of the United States, and by all the citizens and resident*
thereof, and for no other end whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, I inquire what vote it requires
of tlie Senate to take up the resolution and con-
sider it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
considered at this time except by unanimous con-
sent, under the standing rule of the Senate, which
is equally applicable to all resolutions.
HIGHWAYS IX WASHINGTON COUNTY.
Mr. GRIMES. For the purpose of concurring
in two or three slight amendments made to a Sen-
ate bill by the House of Representatives, I move
to take up the bill (S. No. 124) relating to high-
ways in the county of Washington and District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill. The first amend-
ment of the House was in the fifth line of the first
section, to insert, after the word "repair," the
word " widen;" so as to make it read:
It shall be lawful for the levy comt of Washington
count \. in the District of Columbia, to altei, repau, widen,
and legulate the public roads and highways, &c.
The next amendment was in the fourth line of
the fifth section, after the word " feet," to insert
" and it may also cause the width of any exist-
ing roads in said county to be increased to not
more than one hundred feet, and change the loca-
tion of any of them."
The next amendment was in the sixth line of
the fifth section, after the word "opening," to
insert "or widening;" so as to make the clause
read:
For the put pose of opening or widening such loads, the
«ni.i levy comf is hereby empowered to cause to be con-
demned any land or lands necessary for the same.
The amendments were concurred in.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
296) supplementary to an act approved on the
13th July, 1861, entitled "An act to provide for
the collection of duties on imports, and for other
purposes;" which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
SURRENDER OF SLAVES BY TIIE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the Senate lesumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by him on the 3d
of April:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy Affairs and the
Militia be directed to con-ider and icport whether any fur-
ther legislation is necesr-aiyto pieventpet! ons employed m
the mihtaij service of the United States from aiding in the
return or control over persons claimed as fugitive slaves,
and to punish them theiefoi.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Grimes, to add to the resolution:
And to ropoit what reorganization of the Army, m its
personnel or otherwise, may he necessary to piomote the
public welfare, and bung the rebellion to a speedy and tri-
umphant eiid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Some, time has elapsed since
we listened to the persuasive speech of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] but the subject
is fresh still. The character, it not the efficiency,
of our armies, is concerned in the complete en-
forcement of the late legislation with regard to
slaves. If this legislation be set at defiance or
evaded, 1 think that our military strength will be
mipaued, and I am sure that our good name will
sutler.
I am grateful to the Senator from Iowa for the
frankness with which he exposed and condemned
the recent orders of several of our generals.
One of these officers, though recently of Cali-
fornia, was originally of Massachusetts. He
served honorably in the Mexican war, and, I be-
lieve, is an excellent soldier. His present posi-
tion as a general is due partly to my exertions. 1
pressed his appointment. But had I fora moment
imagined he could do what he has just perpetrated,
he would never have had my support. When an
officer falls bravely in defense of his country,
there is an honest pride which mingles with the
i egret that we feel. But when an officer falls as
General Hooker has now fallen, there is nothing
but regret. He has fallen, although not dead. I
say this with pain; but I cannot say less.
The order of General Hooker has been quoted
by the Senator from Iowa. [Mr. Grimes.] [ astc
leave to read part of a letter which I have re-
ceived from his camp:
" I take the libei ly of foi warding to you the inclosed or-
der of General Ilookei, with a rcpoit oi its results, think-
ing th.it you will be uiiere-iod to know how the late act of
Congress fosbiddimr the icndit'on of slaves by Army offi-
cers h violated; and hoping that some effort may be made
to prevent Mich uniust aud outrageous measures on the
pare of Mipormr officers.
"Our moral and humane feelings have been violated
by having been compelled to witness the attempts of slave-
holder?, known to be of ^cession pi och vines, coming into
our camp* and searching our private quarters for their
slaves, under the cover of a protecting oider fiom a gene-
ral who exceed-* hi? authouty.
k* if such unjust orders aie to be ic<,u'>d,and suH  oppres-
sive measures enforced, all order and discipline in our ranks
will be Jo-1.
'* It is exceedingly difficult to restiani the indignation of
our soldiei ■*. who ate learning more ami more to sympathize
with tiie poor slave, as an oppressed laborer, and who (eel
a righteous antipathy towaiiU the slave masteia whose loy-
ally they have eveiy reason to question. ■*
'* Is there to be no end of such offences against the moral
sense and the pitnofc feelings of oui officers and soldiers?
Aie we still to ho made the protectors and defenders of
slave hunter**, who c-unound and infect our camp-!, by au-
thority, wuli deadly weapons to employ in the recovery of
their fugitive -slave's?'5
This letterexpressos feelings that are natural to
every humane bosom. In contrast to the con-
duct of General Hooker, I desire to call attention
to the course of General Doubleday, whose head-
quarters are here m Washington. 1 read his order:
Headquarters, Military Defenses
North or tin: Potomac,
Washington, Jlpril 0,1852.
Sir : I am duected by Gcneial Doubleday to say, in an-
swerto your letter of the 2d instant, thatal] negroes coming
into the line.-, of any of the camps or forts, under his com-
mand, are to be treated as persons, and not a.s chattels.
(Tinier no cucum&tanccs has the commander of a fort or
camp the power of purrondei ing person-, claimed ii* fugitive
slaves, as it cannot be done without detei mining their
chataeter.
The additional aitieleof wat lecently passed bv Congress
positively prohihus tiii-J.
The question has been asked, whether it would not be
better to exclude negroes altogether fiom tin1 lines. The
general is of the opinion that they bring much valuable in-
foimation, which cannot be obtained fiom any other source.
They are acquainted with all the roads, path*, fords, and
oilier natural f'eatuies of the country, and they make excel-
lent guides*. TIk-v al*o know and frequently have exposed
the haunts of secession spies and traitors and the existence
of rebel organizations. They will not, theiefore, be ex-
eluded.
The genera! also directs me to fay that civil process can-
not be served dnectly m the camps or foils of his command,
without full authority be obtained from the commanding
officer for that puipose.
I am, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant.
E. l\ IIALSTBD,
jJssistunf, Adjutant General.
Lieutenant Colonel John D. Shaul, Commanding Seventy
Sixth Regiment Nov York Voluntccis.
General Doubleday acted bravely at Fort Sum-
ter; but he did not render a truer service to his
country on that occasion than he has now done
in issuing this order. If this example were fol-
lowed everywhere in our camps, we should at
least save ourselves from shame, even if we did
not secure victoty.
There are other generals at the West who think
they do their duty best when they serve slavery.
Theie is Getieia! MoConk, °f whom we have the
following &ad report, on the authority of a paper
at Nashville, winch recounts the visit of a slave-
hunter to his camp:
'• lie visited the camp of General McCook, in Mauiy
countv, in que-t of a lugitive, and that offieei, instead of
thnnving obstacles m the way, afforded him every facility
foi the Micce&i>tul prosecution of his search. That uoneral
treated him m the tno^tcouiteou«. am! gentlemanly manner,
as also did Geneial Johnson and Captain Biake, the brigade
piovost mai&hai. Then conduct toward him na,. in all in-
spect?! that of high-t<med gentlemen, desirous of discharg-
ing their duties promptly and honorably. It is impossible
foi the army to pi event slave* Mom following them; bat
whenever toe fugitive* come into the lines of General Mc-
Cook, they aie secured, and a record made of their names
and the names of their ownera. AH the owner has to do is
to apply either in person or through an agent, examine the
recoid, or look at the slaves, and if he finds any that belong
to him take them away."
Can we-listen to such a statementand not feel-
indignant at the levity with which human freedom
is treated?
But similar cases multiply. There is the pro-
vost marshal of Louisville, who seems to be a dis-
grace to our Army, if we may believe the folio wing
report:
" Louisville has been noted as being one of the best south-
ern cities for privileges toward our people, but it has under-
gone many changes for several years—for the worst. When
the rebellion broke out we were worshiping every Sabbath
and once through the week, in our churches, and when the
legions ot the North made Louisville their headquarters it
seemed that a new reign was instituted, and we woishtped
in ou-r splendid churches almost ad libitumy and nothing
said to the contrary notwithstanding.
'♦ But, lo I a sad change has taken place, the northern
army lias proceeded southward, forcing its passage into
the Maud of Dixie.' Kentucky has been redeemed; 'her
white people are free" and her 'free blacks are enslaved,'
and they have no more ' lights that white men are bound
to respect.' Our condition so far Is? worse than before the
war. Our churches arc closed, and a free man cannot
walk after dark though he has his free papers, with the
great seal of the State and county, and owns thousands of
dollars' worth of propeity, (which some do,) and pay taxes,
and support the war, ami be also loyal to the Government.
All this has been biotiglu about by a slaveholder and a ne-
gro hater, the provost mar-hal, whose name is Dent, he
having control of the city since the removal of the head-
qunrteisol Gen. JJuell to Nashville, and instead of hunt-
ing rebels, as theie ate thousands in the city, he has made
tho colored people his subjects of oppression and inhuman
treatment. He commenced iiis cruel operations by order-
ing hla provost guards, the cavalry men, to flog all colored
peisons out after dark, free or slave; so we weie then
pounced upon with the cow-hide and cat-o'-nine-tails in
old 'plantation style' without hinderance, for his order
was supicme. lie had many visitors the next day to in-
quire into his oider; he replied, it was a 'military5 order,
and rau-t be respected."
" Mr. Editor, these are some of the ordeals we are passing
tluough in the ' ueutial State of Kentucky,' and we have
yet to see the fii.st lemonstiance raised against it by the
press. Our daily editors are dumb; they open not their
mouths. From their silence 1 judge it is approved by them.
1 think that if the Government has any loyal people in her
midrvt, it i  the colored people, and they have done good ser-
vice even in this city to\vaid\detecting smugglers and trai-
tors ; and the mart-hal hat attunes been pus-peeied of seces-
sion piochvities. I ludgethathe is now being revenged on
tho colored people loi their faithfulness to the Union cause,
ns hu guaiih have. di-3pen>cd with fne arms and formed
into ' patrol*.'and instituted the cowhide and eat-o'-ninc-
tails. which seem to please them well, for they are very
nimble and dexterous in chasing the blacks after dark
through the streets, on the pavements, down Janes and
alleys, as though they were riding down wild bulls, and
wtien caught, their cries and screams aie heart-rending; but
no one daie interfere, for the patrol are die&sed m ' uncle
Ham'* livery.' Some have been whipped unmercifully.
" Our churches have suffered much since this barbarous -
treatment. He has told them to open on Sunday; but some
have had the flogging meted out to them after benediction,
so many have concluded to stay at home, since old Satan
has been loosed, but we trust 'only for a little season,'
Now you see the effyet of the war in this direction. This
is considerably woise than the old status, and if it is to con-
tinue, I think of ai! men we will be the most miserable."
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts favor me with his authority for that state-
ment ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a statement from a re-
ligious newspaper published in New York.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt it is false.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
doubt it is substantially true.
Mr. DAVIS. You do notknow anything about
it, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Quite as
much as you do.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague says he has no
doubt it is true. It was put in my'hands by a
trustworthy person, who assured me it could be
relied upon us true; but of course I cannot pre-
tend to vouch for it myself from any personal
kno wlcd^e.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If my col-
league will c\llowme,I will simply say that 1 have
other testimony, not so full, not so complete as
this, going1 to show that the grossest oppressions
exist there. That is all I mean to say about it. I
do not mean to say that this m all us details is
corrcct; but that under our Army the grossest
abuses exist there, I have no doubt, for I have the
best testimony to that effect.
Mr. SUMNER. But, sir, there is an incident
which has occurred under General Buell's com-
mand, which cannot be read without a blush.
Here it is, as described in the letter of a soldier,
who was more than a witness, even a party to it.
I find this letter in a newspaper; but I have also
