1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
Laios of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
same, whether foreign or domestic, and generally
the kind and quality manufactured or proposed to
be manufactured.
Second. He'shall within ten days after the first
day of each and every month, after the day on
which this act takes effect, as hereinbefore men-
tioned, or on or before a day prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, make return
of the products and sales or delivery of such man-
ufacture in form and detail as may be required,
from time to time, by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue.
_ Third. All such returns, statements, descrip-
tions^ memoranda, oaths and affirmations, shall
be in form, scope, and detail as may be prescribed,
from time to time, by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue.
Sec. 69. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon
the amounts, quantities, and values of produce,
goods, wares, merchandise, and articles manu-
factured and sold, or delivered, hereinafter enu-
merated, the manufacturer thereof, whether manu-
factured for himself or for others, shall pay to the
collector of internal revenue within his district,
monthly, or on or before a day to be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the
duties on such manufactures: Provided, That when
thread is manufactured and sold or delivered ex-
clusively for knitted fabrics, or for weaving or
spooling, as provided for in the seventy-fifth sec-
tion of this act, the duties shall be assessed on the
articles finished and prepared for use or consump-
tion to the party so finishing or preparing the
same, and any party so finishing or preparing any
cloth or other fabrics of cotton, wool, or other
materials, whether imported or otherwise, shall
be considered the manufacturer thereof for the
purposes of this act; and for neglect to pay such
duties within ten days after demand, cither per-
sonal or written, left at his, her, or their house or
place of business, or manufactory, the amount of
such duties may be levied upon the real and per-
sonal property of any such manufacturer. And
such duties, and whatever shall be the expenses
of levy, shall be a lien from the day prescribed
by the commissioner for their payment aforesaid,
in favor of the United States upon the said real
and personal property of such manufacturer, and
such lien may be enforced by distraint, as pro-
vided in the general provisions of this act: Jlnd
provided farther. That in all cases of goods man-
ufactured, in whole or in pari, upon commission,
or where the material is furnished by one party
and manufactured by another, if the manufac-
turer shall be required to pay under this act the
tax hereby imposed, such person or persons so
paying the same shall be entitled to collect the
amount thereof of the owner or owners, and shall
have a lien for the amount thus paid upon the man-
ufactured goods: Jlnd provided further, That the
taxes on nil articles manufactured and sold, in
pursuance of contracts bona fide made before the
passage of this act, shall be paid by the pur-
chasers thereof, under regulations to.be estab-
lished by the Commissioffer of Internal Revenue.
Sec . 70. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for neg-
lect or refusal to pay the duties provided by this
act on manufactured articles, as aforesaid, the
goods, wares, and merchandise manufactured and
unsold by such manufacturer, shall be forfeited
to the United States, and may be sold or disposed
of for the benefit of the same, in manner as shall
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury. In such case the collector or deputy
collector may take possession of said articles, and
may maintain such possession in the premises and
buildings where they may have been manufac-
tured, or deposited, or may be. He shall sum-
mon, giving notice of not less than two, nor more
than ten days, the parties in possession of said
goods, enjoining them to appear before the assess-
or, or assistant assessor, at a day and hour in
such summonsfixed, then and there to show cause,
if any there be, why, for such neglect or refusal,
such articles should not be declared forfeited to
the United States. Such persons or parties inter-
ested shall be deemed to be the manufacturers of
the same, if the articles shall be at the time of
taking such possession upon the premises where
manufactured; if they shall at such time have been
removed from the place of manufacture, the parties
interested shall be deemed to be the person in
whose custody or possession the articles shall then
be. Such summons shall be served upon such
parties in person, or by leaving a copy thereof at
the place of abode or business of the party to
whom the same may be directed. In case no such
party or place can be found, which fact shall be
determined by the collector's return on the sum-
mons, such notice, in the nature of a summons,
shall be given by advertisement for the term of
three weeks in one newspaper in the county near-
est to the place of such sale. If, at or befoiesuch
hearing, such duties shall not have been paid, mid
the assessor or assistant assessor shall ad judge the
summons and notice, seruice'and return of the
same, to be sufficient, the said articles shall be
declared forfeit, and shall be sold, disposed of, or
turned over to the use of any department of the
Government, as may be directed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, who may require of any officer
ofthe Governmental to whose possession the same
may bo turned over the proper voucher therefor:
Provided, That the proceeds of the sale of said
articles, if any there be after deducting the duties
thereon, together with the expenses ol summons,
advertising, and sale, or the excess of the value
of s£^d articles, after deducting the duties and ex-
penses accrued thereon, when turned over to the
use of any department of the Government, shall be
refunded and paid to the manufacturer, or to the
person in whose custody or possession the articles
were whenseized. TheCommissionerofInternal
Revenue, with the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury, may review any such case of for-
feiture, and do justice in the premises. If the for-
feiture shall have been wrongly declared,and sale
made, the Secretary is hereby authorized, in case
the specific articles cannot be restored to the party
aggrieved in as good order and condilion as when
seized, to make up to such party in money his
loss and damage from the contingent fund of his
Department. Immediate return of seizures so for-
feited shall be made to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue by the collector ordeputy collector
who shall make any such seizure. Articles which
the collector may ad judge perishable may be sold
or disposed of before declaration of forfeiture.
Said sales shall be made at public auction, and
notice thereof shall be given m the same manner
as is provided in (his section in case of forfeiture.
See. 71. And be it further enacted, That any
violation of, or refusal to comply with, the pro-
visions of the sixty-eighth section of this act, shall
be good cause for seizure and forfeiture, substan-
tially in manner as detailed in the section next
preceding this, of all manufactured articles liable
to be assessed under the provisions of this act,
and not otherwise provided for; and such violation
or refusal to comply shall further make any party
so violating or refusing to comply liable to a fine
of five hundred dollars, to be recovered in manner
and form as provided in this act.
Six. 72. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatincase
of the manufacture and sale or delivery iff any
goods, wares, merchandise, or articles as herein-
after mentioned, without compliance on the part
of the party manufacturing the same with all or
any of the requirements and regulations prescribed
in this act in relation thereto, the assistant assessor
may, upon such information as he may have, as-
sume and estimate the amount and value of such
manufactures, and upon such assumed amount
assess the duties, and said duties shall be collected
in like manner as in case the provisions of this act
in relation thereto had been complied with, and to
such articles all the foregoing provisions for hens,
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall in like man-
ner apply.
Stc. 73. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all
goods, wares, and merchandise, or articles man-
ufactured or made by any person or persons not
for sale, but for his, her, or their own use or con-
sumption, and all goods, wares, and merchandise,
or articles manufactured or made and sold, except
spirituous and malt liquors, and manufactured to-
bacco, where the annual product shall not exceed
the sum of six hundred dollars, shall be and are
exempt from duty-? Provided, That this shall not
apply to any business or transaction where one
party furnishes the materials, or any part thereof,
and employs another party to manufacture, make,
or finish the goods, Wares, and merchandise or
articles, paying or promising to pay therefor, and
receiving the goods, wares, and merchandise or
articles.
Sec. 74. Sndbe it further enacted, That the value
and quantity of the goods, wares, and merchan-
dise required to be stated, as aforesaid, and sub-
ject to an ad valorem duty, shall be estimated by
the actual sales made by the manufacturer, or by
his, her, or their agent, or person or persons acting
in his, her, or their behalf; and where such goods,
wares, and merchandise have been removed for
consumption, or for delivery to others, or placed
on shipboard, or are no longer within the custody
and control of the manufacturer or manufacturers,
or his or their ngent, not being in his, her, or their
factory, store or warehouse, the value shall be
esthnatcd by the average of the market value of
the like goods, wares, and merchandise, during
the time when the same would have become liable
to and charged with duty.
Sec. 75. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from
and after the said first day of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, upon the articles, goods,
wares, and merchandise, hereinafter mentioned,
which shall thereafter be produced and sold, or
be manufactured or made and sold, or.removed
for consumption, or for delivery to others than
agSnts of the manufacturer or producer within the
United States or Territories thereof, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid the following duties,
to be paid by the producer or manufacturer thereof,
that is to say:
On candles, of whatever material made, three
per centum ad valorem.
On all mineral coals, except such as are known
in the trade as pea coal and dust coal, throe and
a half cents per ton: Provided, That for all con-
tracts of lease of coal lands made before the first
day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, the
lessee shall pay the tax.
On lard oil, mustaid-seed oil, linseed oil, and
on all animal or vegetable oils not exempted nor
provided for elsewhere, whether pure or adulter-
ated, two cents per gallon: Provided, That red
oil or oleic acid, produced in the manufacture of
candles, and used as a material in the manufacture
of soap, paraffine, whale and fish oil, shall be ex-
empted from this duty.
On gas, illuminating, made of coal, wholly or
in part, or any other material, when the product
shall bo not above five hundred thousand cubic
feet per month, five cents per one thousand cubic
Teet; when the productshall be above Rvc hundred
thousand, and not exceeding five millions of cubic
feet per month, ten cents per one thousand cubic
feet; when the productshall be above five millions,
fifteen cents per one thousand cubic feet; and the
general average of the monthly product for the
year preceding the return required by this act shall
regulate the rate of duty herein imposed; and
where any gas company shall not have been in
operation for the year next preceding the return
as aforesaid, then the rate shall be regulated upon
the estimated average of the monthly product:
Provided, That the, pi oduct required to be returned
by this act shall be understood to be the product
charged in the bills actually rendered by any gas
company during the month preceding the return,
and all gas companies are hereby authorized to
add the duty or tax imposed by this act to the
price per thousand cubicfeeton gas sold: Provided
further, That all gas furnished for lighting street
lamps, and not measured, and all gas made for and
used by any hotel, inn, tavern, and puvatedwell-
ing-house, shall be subject to duty, and mav be
estimated; and if the returns in any case shafl be
understated or undeiestimatcd, it shall be the duty
of the assistant assessor of the district to increase
the same as he shall deem just and proper: And
provided further, That coal tar produced in the
manufacture of illuminatinggas,and the products
of the redistillation of coal tar thus produced, shall
be exempt from duty: And provided further, That
gas companies so loeated as to compete with each
other shall pay the rate imposed by this act upon
the company having the laigest production.
On coal illuminating oil, refined, produced by
the distillation of coal, asphaltum, shale, peat,
petroleum, or rock oil, and all other bituminous
substances, used for like purposes, ten cents per
gallon: Provided, That such oil refined and pro-
duced by the distillation of coal exclusively shall
