3?4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
3?tii Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
bo subject to pay a duty of eightcents per gallon,
anything in tins act to the contrary notwithstand-
ing- And provided further, That distillers of coal
oifsliall be subject to all the provisions of this
act hereinbefore set forth and specified, applica-
ble to distillers of spirituous liquors, with regaid
to licenses, bonds, returns, and all other provis-
ions designed for the purpose of ascertaining the
quantity distilled, and securing the payment of
duties, so far as the same may, in the judgment
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, ana
under regulations prescribed by him, be necessary
for that purpose. . ,
On ground coffee, and all preparations of which
coffee forms a part, or which is prepared for sale
as a substitute for coffee, three mills per pound.
On ground pepper, ground mustard, groun.
pimento, ground cloves, ground cassia, and
ground ginger, and all imitations of the same, one
cent per pound.
On sugar, refined, whether loaf, lump, granu-
lated, or pulverized, two mills per pound.
On sugar, refined or made from molasses, siiup
of molasses, melado or concentrated melado.two
mills per pound.
On all brown, Muscovado, or clarified sugars
produced directly from the sugar cane, and not
from sorghum or imphee, other than thosepro-
duced by the refiner, one cent per pound.
On sugar candy and all confectionery, made
wholly or in part of sugar, one cent per pound.
On chocolate, and cocoa prepared, one cent per
^ On saleratus.and bicarbonate of soda, five mills
per pound.
On starch, made "of potatoes, one mill per
pound; made of corn or wheat, one and a half
mills per pound; made of rice or any other mate
rial, four mills per pound.
On tobacco, cavendish, plug, twist, fine cut, and
manufactured of all descriptions, (not including
snuff, cigars,and smoking tobacco prepared with
all the stems in, or made exclusively of stems,)
valued at more than thirty cents per pound, fif-
teen cents per pound; valued at any sum not ex-
ceeding thirty cents per pound, ten cents per
pound.
On smoking tobacco prepared with nil the stems
ill, five cents per pound.
On smoking tobacco made exclusively of stems,
two cents per pound.
On snuff manufactured of tobacco, ground dry
or damp, of all descriptions, twenty cents per
pound.
On cigars, valued at not over five dollars per
thousand, one dollar and fifty cents perthousand.
On cigars, valued at over five and not over ten
dollars per thousand, two dollars perthousand.
On cigars, valued at over ten and not over
twenty dollars perthousand, two dollars and fifty
cents per thousand.
On cigars, valued at over twenty dollars per
thousand, three dollars and fifty cents per thou-
sand.
On gunpowder, and all explosive substances
used for mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting
purposes, when valued at eighteen cents per
pound or less, five mills per pound; when valued
at above eighteen cents per pound, and not ex-
ceeding thirty cents per pound, one cent per
pound; and when valued at above thirty cents per
pound, six cents per pound.
On white lead, twenty-five cents per one hun-
dred pounds.
On oxide of zinc, twenty-five cents per one
hundred pounds.
On sulphate of barytes, ten cents per one hun-
dred pounds: Provided, That white lead, oxide of
zinc, and sulphate of barytes, oranyoneof them
shall not be subject to any additional duty in con
sequence of being mixed or ground with linseed
oil, when the duties upon all the materials so
mixed or ground shall have been previously act-
ually paid.
On all paints and painters' colors, dry or
ground in oil, or in paste with water, not other-
wise provided for, five per centum ad valorem.
On clock movements made to run one day, five
cents each; made to run more than one day, ten
cents each.
On pins, solid head or other, five per centum
ad valorem.
On umbrellas and parasols made of cotton, silk,
other material, five per centum ad valorem.
On screws, commonly called wood screws, one
and a half cent per pound.
On railroad iron, and all other iron advanced
beyond slabs, blooms, or loops, and not advanced
beyond bars or rods, and band, hoop, and sheet
iron, not thinner than number eighteen wire-
eauffe, and plate iron not less than one eighth of
an inch in thickness, one dollar and fifty cents per
ton; on railroad iron, rerolled, aeventy-five cents
per ton; on band, hoop, and sheet iron,^ thinner
than number eighteen wire-gauge, plate iron less
than one eighth of an inch m thickness, and cut
nails and spikes, t"wo dollars per ton: Provided,
That bars, rods, bands, hopps, sheets, plates,
nails, and spikes, manufactured from iron upon |
which the duty of one dollar and fifty cents has
been levied and paid, shall be subject only to a
duty of fifty cents per ton in addition thereto,
anything in this actto the contrary notwithstand-
ing; on stoves and hollow ware, one dollar and
fifty cents per ton of two thousand pounds; cast
iron used for bridges, buildings, or other perma-
nent structures, one dollar per ton: Provided, That
bar iron used for like purposes shall be charged
no additional duty beyond the specific duyr im-
posed by this act; on steel in ingots, bars, sheets,
or wire not less than one fourth of an inch m
thickness, valued at seven cents per pound or
less, four dollars per ton; valued at above seven
cents per pound, and not above eleven cents per
pound, eight dollars per ton; valued above eleven
cents per pound, ten dollars per ton.
On paper of all descriptions, including paste-
board and binders' boards, three per centum ad
valorem.
On soap, castile, palm oil, erasive,and soap ot
all other descriptions, white or colored, except
soft soap and soap otherwise provided for, valued
not above three and a half cents per pound, one
mill per pound; valued at above three and a half
cents per pound, five mills per pound.
On soap, fancy, scented, honey, cream, trans
parent, and all descriptions of toilet and shaving
soap, two cents per pound.
On salt, four cents per one hundred pounds.
On pickles and preserved fruits, and on all pre-
served meats, fish, and shell fish in cans or air-
tight packages, five per centum ad valorem.
On glue and gelatine of all descriptions in the
solid state, five mills per pound.
On glue and cement, made wholly or in part of
glue, to be sold in the liquid state, twenty-five
cents per gallon.
On patent or enamelled leather, five mills per
square foot.
On patent Japanned split, used for dasher
leather, four mills per square foot.
On patent or enamelled skirting leather, one and
half cent per square foot.
On all sole and rough or harness leather, made
from hides, imported east of the Cape of Good
Hope, and all damaged leather, five mills per
pound.
On all other sole or rough leather, hemlock
tanned, and harness leather, seven mills per pound.
On all sole or rough leather, tanned in whole or
in part with oak, one cent per pound.
On all finished or curried upper leather, made
from leather tanned in the interest of the parties
finishing or currying such leather not previously
taxed in the rough, except calf skins, one cent
per pound.
On bend and butt leather, one cent per pound.
On offal leather, five mills per pound.
On oil-dressed leather, and deer skins dressed
or smoked, two cents per pound.
On tanned calf skins, six cents each.
On morocco,goat, kid, or sheep skins, curried,
manufactured, or finished, four per centum ad
valorem: Provided,That the price at which such
skins are usually sold shall determine their value.
On horse and hog skins tanned and dressed, four
per centum ad valorem.
On American patent calf skins, five per centum
ad valorem.
On conducting hose of all kinds for conducting
water or other fluids, a duty of three per centum
ad valorem.
On wine, made of grapes, five cents per gallon
On varnish, made wholly or in part of gum co-
pal or other gums or substances, five per centum
ad valorem.
On furs of all descriptions, when made up or
manufactured, three per centum ad valorem.
On cloth and all textile or knitted or felted fab-
rics of cotton, wool, or other materials, before
the same has been dyed, printed, bleached, or pre-
pared in any other manner, a duty of three per
centum ad valorem: Provided, That thread or yarn
manufactured and sold or delivered exclusively
for knitted fabrics, or for weaving, when the spin-
ning and weaving for the manufacture of cloth of
any kind is carried on separately, shall not be re-
garded as manufactures within the meaning ofthis
act; but all fabrics of cotton, wool, or other ma-
terial, whether woven, knit, or felted, shall be
I regarded as manufactures, and be sub ject to the
' duty, as above, of three per centum ad valoiem.
On all diamonds, emeralds, and all other jew-
elry, a tax of three per centum ad valorem.
On and after the first day of October, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid, a tax of one half of one cent per
pound on all cotton held or owned by any person
or persons, corporation, orassociation of persons;
and such tax shall be a lien thereon in the pos-
session of any person whomsoever. And further,
if any person or persons, corporations, or asso-
ciation of persons, shall remove, carry, or trans-
port the same from the place of its production be-
fore said tax shall have been paid, such person or
persons, corporation, or association of persons,
shall forfeit and pay to the United States double
the amount of such tax, to be recovered in any
court having jurisdiction thereof: Provided, how-
ever, That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
is hereby authorized to make such rules and reg-
ulations as he may deejn proper for the payment
of said tax at places different from that of the pro-
duction of said cotton: Andprovided further,Thai
all cotton owned and held by any manufacturer
of cotton fabrics on the first day [of] October,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two,and priorthereto,
shall be exempt from the tax hereby imposed.
On all manufactures of cotton, wool, silk,
wors
ted, flax, hemp, jute, India-rubber, gutta-per-
cha, wood, willow, glass, pottery-ware, leather,
paper, iron, steel, lead, tin, copper, zinc, brass,
gold, silver, horn, ivory, bone, bristles, wholly or
in part, or of other materials, not in this act other-
wise provided for, a duty of three per centum ad
valorem: Provided, That on all cloths dyed, print-
ed, bleached, manufactured into otNer fabiics, or
otherwise prepared,on which a duty or tax shall
have been paid before the same were so dyed,
printed, bleached, manufactured, or prepared, the
said duty or tax of three per centum shall be as-
sessed only upon the increased value thereof: And
provided fuither, That on all oil-dressed leather,
and deer skins dressed or smoked, manufactured
into gloves, mittens or other articles on which a
duty or tax shall have been paid before the same
were so manufactured, the said duty or tax of three
per centum shall be assessed only upon the in-
creased valuation thereof: And provided farther,
That in estimating the duties upon articles manu-
factured when removed and sold at any other place
than the place of manufacture, there shall be de-
ducted from the gross amount of sales the freight,
commission, and expenses of sale actually paid,
and the duty shall be assessed and paid upon the
net amount after the deductions as aforesaid: Jhul
provided further, That printed books, magazines,
pamphlets, newspapers, reviews, and all other
similarprintedpublications; boards,shingles, and
all other lumber and timber; staves, hoops, head-
ings, and timber only partially wrought and un-
finished for chairs, tubs, pails, snathes, lasts,
shovel and fork handles; umbrella stretchers, pig
iron,and iron notadvanced beyond slabs, blooms,
or loops; maps and charts; charcoal; alcohol made
or manufactured of spirits or materials upon which
the duties imposed by this act shall have been
paid; plaster or gypsum; malt; burning fluid sprint-
ers' ink; flax prepared for textile or felting pur-
poses, until actually woven or fitted into fabrics
for consumption; all flour and meal made from
grain; bread and breadstuff's; pearl barley and split
peas; butter; cheese; concentrated milk; bullion,
in the manufacture of silverware; brick; lime; Ro-
man cement; draining tiles; marble; slate; build-
ing atone; copper, in ingots or pigs; and lead, in
