1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
had it. furnished to me in manuscript by the per-
son to whom it is addressed:
<c Camp Andy Johnson, near Nashville,
Tennessee.*, Marck 8, 1863.
"My Dear Parents;" * 4 " A great
outrage was perpetrated in our camp yesterday, as follows:
"A black boy, named Henry, has been at work for the
colonel for some days. His owner came after him while
we were camped on the other side of the river, but the boys
hooted linn out of camp. The negro said he would sooner
bo killed on the spot than go back with his master, even if
he knew h« would not be punished. His master, he said,
was a secessionist, and had kept him (the boy) on some
fortifications down the river at work for four months.
"Nothing more transpired concerning his return until
yesterday. While the greater part of the regiment were out
on picket, the boy's owner came with two sentinels of the
provost guard from the city, and after chasing the poor
frightened hoy through the camp several tunes—he draw-
ing a knife once, and the sentinel knocking him down with
his musket—they capturcd and delivered him to Ins owner,
who stood waiting outside the lines. The latter paid the
catching sentries fifteen dollars each, and led 'Henry5
away with hnn unmolested, flourishing a pistol at his head
as lie went. They had no order—at least showed none—
for the boy from headquarters, and the lieutenant colonel
of our regiment, who was in command, need not have de-
livered him up without such an oider, yet allowed him to
be caught, and the major forbade our hoys fioin giving turn
any assistance. One of the sentinels was fioiti a Kentucky
and one from an Indiana regiment." * * * *
" The formei master of our boy will not pet him without
an order, and an imperative one, f believe; and if one Is
given for him, his master having been a strong and active
secessionist—a quartermaster fonhe southern «umy,in fact
—I have about concluded to tb'low it by immediate resig-
nation, and this, whether the order he fur him or any other
negro. The order would make it an official act. What do
you think my duty would be in the premises?5*
Of General Bucll I know nothing personally;
but such an incident must fill us with distrust.
He may possess military talent. He may be a
thunderbolt of war; but it is clear that he wants
that just comprehension of the times and that
sympathy with humanity without which no of-
ficer can do his complete duty.
But General Buell may perhaps shelter himself
behind the instructions of his superior officer; and
this brings me to the famous order No. 3 of Major
General Halleck. 1 have it in my hands, and
quote these words:
" We will piove to them that we come to restore, not to
violate, thw Constitution and the law?:." * * * *
u The orders heretofore issued from this department in ic-
gard to pillaging, marauding, and the destiuctton of puvate
pioperty, and stealing and the conccalment of slaves, must
he strictly eniorced. It does not belong to the military to
decide upon the relation of master and &Uive. Such ques-
tions mu-t be settled by the civil couiu. No fugdive^Luc
will therefore he admitted within the lines or camps, c rr cpt
when specially oider ed by the general commanding
In this order, so strangely inconsistent, absurd,
unconstitutional, and inhuman, the general has
perversely persevcied. In every aspect it is bad.
it wants common sense as well as common hu-
manity. It is unworthy a man of honor and a
soldier.
It is inconsistent with itself, inasmuch as the
general proclaims that he " comes to restore, not
to violate, the Constitution and laws," and then
proceeds to a direct violation of them. In the
same order, he says: " Ft does not belong to the
military to decidc upon the relation of master and
slave. Such questions must be settled by the civil
courts." And then, in the face of this declara-
tion, he proceeds to say that no fugitive slaves
arc to be admitted in our lines or camps. But
pray, sir, how can such persons be excluded from
the lines or camps without deciding that they are
fugitive slaves? llere is a flat and discreditable
inconsistency.
But worse than its inconsistency is its absurd-
ity. This watchful, prudent general proposes to
exclude all fugitive slaves from his camps. In
other words, he shuts out from his camps all
those opportunities of information with regard
to the condition of the enemy which may be
afforded by this class of deserters. They may
come charged with knowledge of the movements
and plans of the enemy, but the general will not
receive them, because they aie slaves. They may
be able to disclose the secret of a campaign, but
the general will not have it, because they are
slaves. If we have failed thus far in knowledge
of the designs of the enemy, it has been because
this absurd policy has prevailed.
General Halleck maybe instructed by General
McDowell, whose opposite conduct appears in a
dispatch published in the papers;
Catlettsville Station, Virginia,
Fifteen Miles South op Manassas Junction,
■r.   -April 13.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War:
An mMlig'-nt negro has just comc in from Stafford
county, and sa>s his master returned this morning from
Fredericksburg to his home, and toid (lis wife, in this ne-
gio>& presence, that all the enemy's troops had le!'t Freder-
icksburg for Richmond and Yorktown, the last of them
leaving on Saturday morning. This last has just been con-
firmed by another necro.
IRWIN MCDOWELL, Major General.
Here are two negroes who have come into the
camp with important information, both of whom
General Halleck's order would repel and drive
back to bondage. And he may be instructed by
the dispatch of General Wool, just received, an-
nouncing our succcss at New Orleans, the news
of which came by a " fugitive black." General
Wool adds, " the negro bringing the above, re-
ports that the rebels have two iron-clad steamers
nearly completed, and that it is believed that tho
Memmac will be out to-morrow." But all this
information would be shut out by General Hal-
leck. Can absurdity be more complete?
But worse than its inconsistency or absurdity
is its positive unconstitutionality. What right,
under the Constitution, has this general to set him-
self up as the judge in cases of human freedom r
Where does he find his power? By whomhnshe
been in vested with this attribute? It is the boast
of the Constitution of the United States that all
are "persons." The Constitution so regards
everybody, and surrounds everybody with the
safeguards of " persons," even to the extent of
declaring that4'no person shall be deprived of
liberty without due process of law;" and yet the
Army is gravely toid to treat certain persons as
slaves. Of course, this cannot be done without
sitting in judgment most summarily on human
freedom. #Iow does the general know that they
are slaves? On what evidence? Because they are
black? Why may they not be free blacks ? Gen-
eral Halleck would reverse the true presumption.
He assumes slavery when he ought to assume
freedom. In the eye of the Constitution all are
freemen until proved to be slaves, no matter of
what color or race. The only question to be asked
is as to loyalty. Are you loyal or rebel ? If loyal,
then welcome to the hospitality and protection of
our camps. If rebel, then surrender to our arms.
Let these be the inquiries and let this be the rule,
and the Union which we seek to restore will not
be indefinitely postponed.
But worse than its unconstitutionality i? the in-
humanity of this order, so shocking to the moral
sense. This general, who professes to fight the
battle of the Constitution with the commission of
the Republic, speaks of the "concealment of
slaves" in the same class wiih '* pillaging, ma-
rauding, and stealing." I complain of this con-
fusion of language, showing an insensibility to
human rights. Jt is like those shameful advertise-
ments which garnish southern newspapers, where
" the boy Tom" and " the girl Sally" are to be
sold in the same lot with " horses, mules, cattle,
and swine." That such an order should be put
forth in the name of the United States may justly
excite our indignation.
On these various grounds I object to this order.
In my criticism, which I make with sincere sor-
row, I do not travel out of the order. General
Halleck is said to be an able officer, and I think
also an able lawyer. I do not intend to question
his talents. But I do protest against his perverse
violation of the Constitution in order to carry out
a miserable and disgraceful pro-slavery policy;
anil I protest against his being allowed to degrade
the character of our country. Sir, we are making
history now. Every victory adds something to
that history; but such an order is worse for us
than a defeat. More than any defeat, it will dis-
credit us with posterity, and with the friends of
liberal institutions in foreign nations. I have said
that General Halleck is reputed to be an able
officer; but most perversely he undoes with one
hand what he does with the other. He undoes
by his orders the good lie does as a general.
While professing to make war upon the rebellion,
he sustains its chief and most active power, and
degrades his gallant army to be the constables of
slavery.
Slavery is the constant rebel and universal en-
emy. It is traitor and belligerent together, and
is always to be treated accordingly. Tenderness
to slavery now is practical disloyalty and practi-
cal alliance with the enemy.
Against these officers to whom I have- referred
to-day I have no personal unkindness. I should
much prefer to speak in their praise; but, sir, I
am in earnest. While I have the honor ofaseat
in the Senate, no success, no victory, shall beany
apology or any shield to a general who under-
takes to insult human nature. From the midst
of his triumphs I will drag htm forward to receive
the condemnation which such conduct deserves.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the res-
olution by adding to it the following:
And what further legislation is necessary to prevent tho
illegal capture and imprisonment of the fiee white citizens
of the United States.
The Senator from Massachusetts has informed
us this morning of many abuses, which, in his
judgment, arise from the action of the commanders
of our armies in teference to fugitive slaves. I
do not propose to enter into the discussion of that
branch of the question, as I prefer upon this occa-
sion to represent the interests of the free tofiite
citizens of my country, and this resolution gives
me the opportunity of bringing to the attention of
the Senate some instances m my own State where
persons have been illegally taken and carried out
of the State by military authority. Without at-
tempting anything like a formal speech, I shall
proceed simply with a narration of facts.
Some three or four weeks ago a highly respect-
able citizen of the town of Dover, a member of the
bar,agentleman of family, havinga wife and chil-
dren, was in the hours of the night taken from his
family, shut up in the court-house of that town,
as I am informed, and the next day hurried off by
the military authorities into the State of Mary-
land, detained there for nearly a week, and finally
discharged, because the officer had to say, like Pi-
late, that he found no fault in him. That man
was John B.Pennington. Unfortunately, he was
white.
At the same time, sir, another highly respect-
able citizen of my State, at present the clerk of
the Senate of the State, was taken by the same
military authority, for no cause whatever,carried
from the capital of the State into the State of Ma-
ryland, detained for a week and then released, be-
cause they could find no fault in him. He, too,
had the misfortune of being white.
At the same time Mr. Whortcr, a most highly
respectable citizen of my State, residing near the
capital, was dragged away from his home and car-
ried into tho State of Maryland by the military
authorities, there detained for a week or more, and
then discharged—no fault found in him. He, too,
sir, was one of that unfortunate class of the peo-
ple of this country who at the present day seem
not to awaken much interest, and to whose inter-
ests not much attention is paid. He, too, was
white. William A. Atkinson, ex-sheriff of the
county, a man universally esteemed, atruefriend,
a noble man, and as loyal to the constitutional
Union of the fathers as any man that lives, w?s
at the same time dragged by the same arbitraly
power from his family and home, and hurried to
a military camp in the State of Maryland. Un-
fortunately, he too was white, and white men now-
a-dnys seem to have few rights which either ne-
groes or public functionaries feel bound to respect.
Several others at the same time were dragged
from their homes. In the county where I live a
student at law, one of the most respectable young
gentlemen in the county, was dragged away from
his home, and carried off into Maryland. There
was nothing against him, no fault found in him,
and he was allowed, after a while, to return. He
was carried away into the State of Maryland, de-
tained there for nearly a week, and then when noth-
ing could be found against him, he was discharged.
He, too, was one of that unfortunate class of white
men who can be dragged from their homes into
other States and detained without cause, without
warrant, without process of law, and in utter vi-
olation of every principle of right secured to the
American citizen by the Constitution and laws of
his country.
Again, sir, some two or three weeks ago the
city ofWilmington was visited, and several of the
most respectable citizens in that city were dragged
from their families and their homes, one of whose
names I now recollect, Mr, William Graves, a
most respectable citizen. They were marched be-
tween a file of soldiers down the public streets of
Wilmington to the depot, and carried off to Drum-
mondtown,in the State of Virginia, and detained
there for one or two weeks. No process was is-
sued against Mr. Graves; he had committed no
offense against the laws of his country; no citi-
