1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
Laws of the United States.
37m Cons....2d
pigs or bars, shall not be regarded as manufac-
tures within the meaning of this act: Provided,
That whenever, by the provisions of this act, a
duty is imposed upon any article removed for con-
sumption or sale, it shall apply only to such arti-
cles as are manufactured on or after the first day
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and
to suchasare manufactured and notremoved from
the place of manufacture prior to that date.
auction sales.
Sec. 76. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the first day of August, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on all sales of real estate, goods, wares, mer-
chandise, articles, or things, at auction, including
all sales of stocks, bonds, and other securities, a
duty of one tenth of one per centum on the gross
amount of such sales, and every auctioneer malt-
ing such sales, as aforesaid, shall at the end of
Each and every month, or within ten days there-
after, make a list or return to the assistant assessor
of the district of the gross amount of such sales,
made as aforesaid, with the amount of duty which
has accrued, or should accrue thereon, which list
shall have annexed thereto a declaration under
oath or affirmation, in form and manner as may
v be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, that the same is true and correct, and
shall at the same time, as aforesaid, pay to the
collector or deputy collector the amount of duty
or tax thereupon, as aforesaid, and in default
thereof shall be subject to and pay a penalty of
five hundred dollars. In all cases of delinquency
in making said list or payment the assessment
and collection shall be made in the manner pre-
scribed in the general provisions of this act: Pro-
vided, That no duty shall be levied under the pro-
visions of this section upon any sales by judicial
or executive officers making auction sales by vir-
tue of a judgment or decree of any court, nor to
public sales made by executors or administrators.
carriages, yachts, billiard-tables, and
plate.
Sec. 77. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the first day of May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, by any person or persons owning, pos-
sessing, or keeping any carriage, yacht, and bil-
liard-table, the several duties or sums of money
set down in figures against the same respectively,
or otherwise specified and set forth in schedule
marked A.
Schedule A.
Carriages, Yachts, Billiard-Tables, and Plate.
Carriage, gig, chaise, phaeton, wagon, buggy-
wagon, carry-all, rockaway, or other like carriage,
the body of which rests upon springs of any de-
scription, kept for use, and which shall not be
exclusively employed in husbandry or for the
transportation of merchandise, and valued at sev-
enty-five dollars or over, including the harness
used therewith, when drawn by one horse, one
dollar.
Carriages of like description drawn by two
horses, and any coach, hackney-coach, omnibus,
or four-wheel carriage, the body of which rests
upon springs of any description, which may be
kept for use, for hire, or for passengers, and which
shall not be exclusively employed in husbandry
or for the transportation of merchandise, valued
at seventy-five dollars, and not exceeding two
hundred dollars, including the harness used there-
with, drawn by two horses or more, two dollars.
Carriages oflike description, when valued above
two hundred dollars, and not exceeding six hun-
dred dollars, five dollars.
Carriages oflike description, valued above six
hundred dollars, ten dollars.
Pleasure or racing vessels, known as yachts,
whether by sail or steam, under the value of six
hundred dollars, five dollars.
Yachts valued above six hundred dollars, and
not exceeding one thousand dollars, ten dollars.
And for each additional one thousand dollars
in value of said yachts, ten dollars..
Billiard-tables, kept for yse, ten dollars.
Plate of gold, kept for us'e,per ounce troy, fifty
cents.
Plate of silver, kept for use, per ounce troy,
three cents.
Provided, That silver spoons or plate of silver,
to an amount not exceeding forty ounces, as
aforesaid, belonging to any one person, shall be
exempt from duty.
slaughtered cattle, hogs, and sheep.
Sec. 78. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the first day of August, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid by any person or persons, firms, com-
panies, or agents or employes thereof, the follow-
lowing duties or taxes, that is to say:
On all horned cattle, exceeding eighteen months
old, slaughtered for sale, thirty cents per head.
On all calves and cattle under eighteen months
old, slaughtered for sale, five cents per head.
On all hogs, exceeding six months old, slaugh-
tered for sale, when the number thus slaughtered
exceeds twenty in any one year, ten cents per
head.
On all sheep, slaughtered far sale, five cents
per head: Provided, That all cattle, hogs, and
sheep, slaughtered by any person for his or her
own consumption, shall be exempt from duty.
Sec. 79. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the date on which this act shall take effect,
any person or persons, firms, or companies, or
agents or employ{s thereof, whose business or
occupation it is to sliughter for sale any cattle,
calves, sheep, or hogs, shall be required to make
and render a list at the end of each and every
month to the assistant assessor of the district
where the business is transacted, stating the num-
ber of cattle, calves, if any, the number of hogs,
if any, and the number of sheep, if any, slaugh-
tered, as aforesaid, with the several rates of duty
as fixed therein in this act, together with the whole
amount thereof, which list shall have annexed
thereto a declaration of said person or persons,
agents or employes thereof, as aforesaid, under
oath or affirmations, in such manner and form
as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, that the same is true and cor-
rect, and shall at the time^f rendering said list,
pay the full amountof duties which have accrued
or should accrue, as aforesaid, to the collector or
deputy collector of the district, as aforesaid; and
in case of default in making the return or pay-
ment of the duties, as aforesaid, the assessment
and collection shall be made as in the general pro-
visions of this act required, and in case of fraud
or evasion, the party offending shall forfeit and
pay a penalty of ten dollars per head for any cat-
tle, calves, hogs, or sheep so slaughtered upon
which the duty is fraudulently withheld, evaded,
or attempted to be evaded: Provided, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall prescribe
such further rules and regulations as he may deem
necessary for ascertaining the correct number of
cattle, calves, hogs, and sheep,liable to be taxed
under the provisions of this act.
railroads, steamboats, and ferry-boats.
Sec. 80. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the first day of August, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, any person or persons, firms, com-
panies, or corporations, owning or possessing, or
having the care ormanagement of any railroad or
railroads upon which steam is used as a propell-
ing power, or of any steamboat or other vessel
propelled by steam-power, shall be subject to and
pay a duty of three per centum on thegross amount
of all the receipts of such railroad or railroads or
steam-vessel for the transportation of passengers
over and upon the same; and any person or per-
sons, firms, companies, or corporations, owning
or possessing, or having the care or management
of any railroad or railroads using any other power
than steam thereon, or owning, possessing, or
having the care or management of any ferry-boat,
or vessel used as a ferry-boat, propelled by steam
or horse-power, shall be subject to and pay a duty
of one and a half per centum upon the gross re-
ceipts of such railroad or ferry-boat, respectively,
for the transportation of passengers over and upon
said railroads, steamboats, and ferry-boats, re-
spectively; and any person or persons, firms, com-
panies, or corporations, owning, possessing, or
having the care or management of any bridge au-
thorized by-law to receive toll for the transit of
passengers, beasts, carriages, teams, and freight
of any description over such bridge, shall be sub-
ject to and pay a duty of three per centum on
the gross amount of all their receipts of every de-
scription. And the owner, possessor, or person
or persons having the care and management of
•any such railroad, steamboat, ferry-boat, or other
vessel, or bridge, as aforesaid, shall, within five
days after the end of each and every month, com-
mencing as hereinbefore mentioned, make a list
or return to the assistant assessor of the district
within which such owner, possessor, company,
or corporation may have his or its place of busi-
ness, or where any such railroad, steamboat, ferry-
boat, or bridge is located or belongs, respectively,
stating the gross amount of such receipts for the
month next preceding, which return shall be veri-
fied bythe oath or affirmation of such owner,pos-
sessor, manager, agent, or other proper officer,
in the manner and form to be prescribed from
time to time by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and shall also, monthly, at the time of
making such return, pay to the collector or deputy
collector of the district the full amount of duties
which have accrued on such receipts for the month
aforesaid; and in case of neglect or refusal to
make said lists or return for the space of five
days after such return should be made as afore-
said, the assessor or assistant assessor shall pro-
ceed to estimate the amount received and the du-
ties payable thereon, as hereinbefore provided in
other cases of delinquency to make return for pur-
poses of assessment; and for the purpose of mak-
ing such assessment, or of ascertaining the cor-
rectness of any such return, the books of any
such person, company, or corporation shall be
subject to the inspection of the assessor or assist-
ant assessor on his demand or request therefor;
and in case of neglect or refusal to pay the duties
as aforesaid when the same have been ascertained
as aforesaid, for the space of five days after the
same shall have become payable, the owner, pos-
sessor, or person having the management as afore-
said, shall pay, in addition, five per centum on
the amount of such duties; and for any attempt
knowingly to evade the payment of such duties,
the said owner, possessor, or person having the
care or management as aforesaid, shall be liable
to pay a penalty of one thousand dollars for every
such attempt, to be recovered as provided in this
act for the recovery of penalties; and all provis-
ions in this act in relation to liens and collections
by distraint not incompatible herewith, shall ap-
ply to this section and the objects therein em-
braced: Provided, That all such persons, com-
panies, and corporations shall have the right to
add the duty or tax imposed hereby to their rates
of fare whenever their liability thereto may com-
mence, any limitations which may exist by law
or by agreement with any person or company
which may have paid, or be liable to pay, sucn
fare to the contrary notwithstanding.
railroad bonds.
Sec. 81. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, any person or persons owning or pos-
sessing, or having the care ormanagement of any
railroad company or railroad corporation, being
indebted for any sum or sums of money for which
bonds or other evidences of indebtedness have
been issued, payable in one or more years after
date, upon which interest is, or shall be, stipu-
lated to be paid, or coupons representing the in-
terest shall be orshallliave been issued to be paid,
and all dividends in scrip or money oi sums of
money thereafter declared due or payable to stock-
holders of any railroad company, as part of the
earnings, profits, or gains of said companies, shall
be subject to and pay a duty of three per centum
on the amount of all such interest or coupons or
dividends whenever the same shall be paid; and
said railroad companies or railroad corporations,
or any person or persons owning, possessing, or
having the care or management of any railroad
company or railroad corporation, are hereby au-
thorized and required to deduct and withhold from
all payments made to any person, persons, or
party, after the firstday of July, as aforesaid, on
account of any interest or coupons or dividends
due and payable as aforesaid, the said duty orsum
of three pei!centum; and the duties deducted as
aforesaid, and certified by the president or other
proper officer of said company or corporation,
shall be a receipt aud discharge, according to the
