1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
them whether to go to the right or the left, and
they got down.
So it is with the lumber region. That trade is
not carried on by men who are especially and par-
ticularly engaged in that business. A man who
has a farm works it until he gets his grain in the
field, and then he cuts his timber, takes it to the
saw-mill, perhaps, with the first snow, and has it
sawed out; and when the creeks rise in the spring
he builds his little rafts and goes into the stream;
he brings out one little piece at a time and unites
them; and they collect together at Fittsbuig, and
go to the market in that way. They cannot afford
those appliances that are made use of by wealthy
men engaged in the trade, and thpy go cheaply.
The three hours, of which my learned friend
speaks, to them are nothing. They can afford to
lose time if they can avoid the expense of the
more valuable means of conveyance. It is the in-
terests of these people that I think we ought to
protect, that we ought to stand by, and we ought
not to be led away from a care for those interests
because elegant gentlemen, with persuasive lips,
come here on behalf of railroad companies and
corporations, and who besiege members here for
sometimes months at a time in order to seduce
them into these plans and schemes, in which the
interests of the people are not taken into the ac-
count at all. I do not know that there has been
a bill before the Senate at this session which re-
quires as much care and circumspection as this,
as well, I was about to say, on the part of Sena-
tors from other States along the Ohio river as the
Senators from Pennsylvania; because I know that
if a general provision like this passes authorizing
this bridge to be built in this way, all people will
regret it sooner or later. It can be just as well
done without injuring the rights of anybody if we
take it now in time.
I received a memorial from some five or six gen-
tlemen who are largely interested in this coal trade,
which I will ask the Secretary to read, if there is
no objection.
The Secretary read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
The undersigned, appointed by a meeting ot citizens ol
Pittsbtngand vicinity, m Western Pennsylvania, reptcsent-
isigthtf coal, lumbei, and steamboat inteies-ts upon the Ohio
river, beg leave to remonstrate, against the otah action of
saidriverby the PiU&buig and Steuberiville Haiiiodd Com-
pany in the erection of a bridge near Steubenville or else-
where. The Ohio rivei, by an act of Congic*s passed ia
17S6, and in the oidinance of 3787, was dcclaied a public
highway to be '-forever free," and the toieaight of that
day is abundantly vindicated b) tiie wants ot the vabt and
growing tiade ot the pie- entday We rc>pi>cttuliy piotc^t
against the passage of any act by \our honorable bodies,
giving said company, or anv other party, authority 10 eiuct
a budge over said riveratSteubcnvilleor eisewheie. iris>ueh
manner as to ob&ti uctnavigation for tow boats, canal boats,
steamboats or other craft. The magnitude of these inteiests
cannot be even hinted at in a paper no bnef as your peti-
tioners feel it their duty to present, but enough can be said
todiavv attention to the necessity of a free and'unobstructed
navigation of said river. The bridge commenced by s-.nd
company is located at <i point where it will be impossible
to build piers without great obstruction, nerordmg to the
plan adopted. The channel is ciooked and the current
swift, and it would requiie a clear channel of at least five
hundred feet at that place to accommodate coal boats and
tow boats with their tows. The bridge should be built in
heighl so as to leave room for steamboats, and there should
be sufficient space between the piers to insure a safe navi-
gation for coal boats and barges. The coal trade is increas-
ing rapidly, and is a source of wealth that cannot be ovci-
esrimated". The piesent annual shipment of coal down the
Ohio i> about foily million bushels, and at a low estimate
brings a return in ea*h of.§5.000,000; evety cent ol which
is added to the capital of Western Pennsylvania.
The lumber inteiest is also vast, and cannot readily be
estimated from the fact that those who are mteie-tted in it
chiefly reside in the Alleghany legion.and nostatntics aje
at hand showing the quantity and value of the lumber
shipped annually. Your petitioners would state in bu«f
that coal boats and baiges aie veiy laige and contain fnnu
ten to twenty thousand' bushels cacb. The boats aie piin-
cipaily run by hand, and the barges, are towed. Fiom tw-
enty-five to one hundjed and fifty thousand bushel? can_ be
taken in one tow, and it will avoiage in length some five
hundred feet, and in width over two hundred feet. The j|
coal boats are run in pairs, and including the uggtncoc- j;
cupy some two hundred and fifty fret in length, by one bun- i,
dred feet in width. A bushel of coal weighs seventy-six ji
pounds, and the immense weight of these craft, when laden. |
can readily be calculated, it is hoped that any law that !'
will affect this tiade injutiouely will be duly con&ideird, i
and &o modified as topi'otectthe&cgieataiulgiowingiiUer- T
ests. r
If the company persist in completing the biidge as thev {
have begun, the loss to the coal irade will be lumoxis, from j'
the fact tiiat the current is always swift, and the distance j:
such that the greater poition of boats leaving Pittsburg in j;
tlie morning loach that place aftoi dark. Tt is not custom-
ary to land boats either above oi below thi* bridge, nor aie j1
there proper landings to be found, If the company would ji
shift the location Of'their budge to some point above or be i;
low the present location, and throw it over the river, leaving
at least one Jong span of five or six hundred feet, it is be-
lieved both the railroad and the river interests can he accom-
modated; but a bridge completed on the present plan, and
at the location selected, cannot fail in crippling the vast
trade on the western rivers, and producing unknown dam-
age to tiiis great source of our prosperity and wealth.
SIMPSON IIORNER,
R. I,. McGREW.
JAMES WATSON,
F. A. DOIIRiYlAN,
DAVID SMITH,
Committee,
Mr. WADE. I do not propose to say much
more on this subjectthan what I havealready said;
but I wish the Senate clearly to undeistand what
this*bill proposes. It provides for two kinds of
bridges: one with draws and one without. If the
bridges are built without a draw, they are all to be
ninety feetabove low water mark; if they are built
with a draw, they are all of them to be fifty feet
above low water mark; and if my modification
should succeed, the draw is to be clear two hun-
dred and seventy feet. Now, in the first place, I
wish to remark what i suppose the Senator will
not deny, that the papers he read were principally
got up before this modification was proposed. After
the attention of the commercial men of Pittsburg
had been drawn to the subject, after all who had
any opposition to it and a right to be heard upon
it were consutted, after the subject had been long
agitated here, and long after the bill had passed the
House, for it has been long pending, those who
felt an interesting came down and got together—
those who were for the bridge and those who were
against it—and what I have presented here is the
final conclusion of the whole matter, by those who
Ocre delegated to represent every one who felt
any interest in those places on the subject.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. Van Bonhorst was here
in the interest of the railroad. He was appointed
by the Board of Trade, but the first thing he told
me was that he was for the railroad company. Mr.
Jones represented the coal trade. Mr. Shinn, who
is a lawyer inpwicticein Pittsburg, represented
the interests he states, nobody representing the
lumber interest; so that I could not feel myself
bound by the action of Mr. Shinn and Mr. Van
Bonhorst, especially when Mr. Jones cind General
Moorhead, who is more conversant with the trade
than anybody else, dissented, and thought three
hundred feet the very least we ought to have.
Mr. WADE. I do not presentthese papers or
these agreements as anything having any binding
efficacy upon the Senator himself, or any member
of the Senate, or anybody else. I present them as
the enlightened conclusion to which intelligent men
who are experienced in all this river trade, who are
so located that they take a deep interest in it, after a
full investigation of the whole subject, have come
to; that is all 1 use it for. Their agreement is noth-
ing, I know, to us; we are acting for the public, not
for them. We arc acting, not for a railroad com-
pany, not particularly for those that have an inter-
est in the road, but for all alike; and for one, rep-
resenting constituents as deeply interested in the
navigation of this river as any other gentleman on
this iloor, I desire so to conduct this business as
to do no injury to anybody; to have the river so
bridged that it shall not obstruct the navigation;
to make a reasonable restriction, not a fanciful
one. Now, look at the petitioners the Senator has
got here. After all this time he has got four men to
come here and remonstrate against this bridge. I
do not know whether they intend to remonstrate
against the bridge as proposed in the House bill,
or whether they intended to lemonstrate against
the modified proposition that I make. I do not
know how that is. 1 suppose they are opposed
to everv obstruction whatever of this river by a
bridge, because they contend you cannot biidge it
without serious obstruction, unless you have a
draw four hundred feet long.
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir; they want it four
hundred feet long.
Mr. WADE. They want it to be much wider
than nature herself has made the river in many
places. They will not let us contract it as much
as they will find in many places it is already con-
tracted by nature. These gentlemen arealtogether
unreasonable, or they want information on this
subject, or they arc utterly opposed to bridging
this river. That is all there is about it. Now,
which is entitled to the most respcct, the opinion
of these extremists or the opinions of practical
business men, well acquainted with the practical
navigation of the river, men'representing the great
interests of which the gentleman himself speaks,
and one of them being a great dealer in the coal
trade ? The Senator says the iurrfbering- interest
is not represented. Well, sir, suppose it is-not*
1 suppose the coal trade is really much greater,
than the lumbertrade;and when we find aJeadtng
individual in that trade who believes that the roocU
ification I propose will not be injurious to his in-
terest, I infer that the lumber interest also would,
agree to it were they represented. Why are they
not represented?
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to say the represent-
ative of the coal trade refused to go into this com-
promise; he has not signed it; he refused to do so.
Mr. WADE. Well, he does not remonatrate
against it, that I know of.
Mr. COWAN. He has instructed me to do
so, most positively.
Mr. WADE. If he does not choose to express
an opinion about it, it leaves him very indifferent
on the subject. If he is neither for nor against it,
having a vast interestin the very trade on account
of which the Senator objects—if he does not see
fit to open his mouth on the subject, he is not very
much against it.
Mr. COWAN. I have stated that he has in-
structed me to oppose it; that is sufficient, I think.
Mr. WADE. I did not hear that. Now, sir,
the lumber trade know what is going on. This
bill, as I said before, has been pending for a long
time. Delegations have been here cogitating on
the matter. Experienced men, river engineers,
have been consulted on both sides before commit-
tees and in other ways. The lumber interest does
not appear heie in the arena,and they are doubt-
less satisfied that we are doing nothing to their
injury or detriment. I can make nothing else of it
than that. Therefore the gentleman really sets
himself up against the opinions of all the enlight-
ened men who have an interest m this subject and
who have acted upon it at all. 1 know the Sen-
ator's opinion is entitled to great weight; and in
a matter of Jawit would be all-controlling with me;
but when you talk of making draws and the like,
I must confess I would rather have thatof a good
engineer. Good engineers have been consulted on
this subject; their opinions have been taken; the
navigators on this river have been called in and
consulted; and nobody has been found to object
to it but the lawyer, the excellent lawyer, who
can tell you exactly about the law on this matter;
but when you come to feet and inches, he never
studied that much*.
Now, Mr. President, I do hope that my short-
comings here in the argument will not prejudice
l his great matter, foritisagreatinterest. The gen-
tleman has contented himself by arguing against
the obstruction of this navigation to the injury of
poor meritorious persons who have a right to nav-
igate it. Sir, I am as observant of their interests
as is the gentleman; and he ought not to appeal in
the Senate of the United States to motives that
might actuate gentlemen, as though I were con-
tending here for monopolies, regardless of the
rights of the gieat mass of the peopleand the poor
men interested in this navigation; and as though
I was the advocate of trampling on their interests/
I protest against it. No man shall place me in
that predicament. It is not my nature; it is not
my practice. I never yet was found the advocate
of the rich against the poor; nor was I found the
advocate of unreasonable and unwarrantable fan-
cied interests of the poor against the rich. I am
for protecting the rights of ail. No Senator should
make use of that kind of argument here; it is un-
worthy of the place. Let us appeal to the merits
of the matter and not to such things, in a case of
this kind. If what I ask is icasonabic and ra-
tional and right, consistent with the public inter-
ests and manifestly beneficial to the whole public,
I hope the Semite will not be turned aside by the
statement that I am about to overthrow the inter-
ests of poor men.
The Senator has well said that the consumer is
principally interested in this matter if it should
affect the coal trade or the lumber trade. I grant
it; butin thatcasemyconstituents would be greater
sufferers than his, and I claim to be their guardian
on this floor. They have never found fault with
me as yet in that regard; 1 believe they have con-
fidence now that if I saw their interests were about
to be jeopardized in any particular, I would be the
last man to lend myself to that provision, or fail
