mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
to vindicate their rights. But there is no such
thing in the matter; their interests are not jeopard-
ized. Grant all the Senator says against obstruct-
ing the river. We do not propose to obstruct it.
We do not lay a hairs breadth in the way of this
trade.
What does the Senator say about a fog? He
says you may go along with a load of coal and
there will be a thick foggy clay or night when you
cannot see anything. Why, sir, you are just as
much in jeopardy of the obstacles of nature as
you are with this structure. If you cannot see at
all, what prevents your running ashore and {suf-
fering ail the disasters that you say were con-
sequent on the grounding of one of these raffs?
When you are on that river with a boat or raft or
anything else, if there comes such a night as the
Senator spoke of, you have got to tie up; you can-
not go on; the only safe course is to stop whether
there be a bridge or whether there be none. There
are crooks and turns in the river. The gentleman
said in a thick foggy night when you could see
nothing, you might still keep the channel of the
river with a raft and go pretty well along down,
and if there was an island somewhere you could
get a pilot; but for Heaven's sake, I would ask
the Senator, what good does your pilot do to tell
which course of the island to take, when all was
fog and darkness, so that he could not see where
he was? I know that the pilots on that river are
so perfect that they can almost go by instinct, but
not quite yet; they have to make a little use of
their eyes after all.
Sir, the bridge, as we propose to build it, is no
obstruction. The idea is a fancy, and nothing
more. What I contend for is, that the vast inter-
ests of the public shall not be jeopai dized by the
mere fancied interest that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania supposes some of his constituents
have in it. He supposes it will be an injury, but
as I have shown there are hundreds of men of vast
experience, vast knowledge, of the most science,
who believe right the other way, and that his ob-
jections are merely fanciful and nothing more. I
beg of the Senate, therefore, not to overthrow the
interests of the public in the construction of this
bridge by this mere fancied objection that there
will be some obstruction to navigation. Let us
construo the rights of all reasonably and rationally;
let us do justice to the great public, the farmer and
the producer who wishes to get his produce to a
foreign market, and the traveler who wishes to go
from the West to ihe East, or vice versa, at the
cheapest rate and with the greatest facility. Let
us look to these great and almost universal inter-
ests, and while we protect them most sedulously
df course we shall not jeopardize the others. When
allcan harmonize,when amedium has been found
by those interested, so that the interests of all can
be protected and promoted, let us do it. It is the
business that we are here for. Now, as I said
before, as these papers show that all these gentle-
men, after the whole controversy, after all that
has been said forand against, have come together
enlightened by the controversy and fixed upon the
dimensions of this bridge, I hope we shall conform
to it. All will be satisfied if we do; all will be
dissatisfied if wc do not. I hope, therefore, we
shall disagree to the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. If he had allowed me to take
up this bill in a more ordeily manner, I would
have amended the bill to make it conform,and then
i should have offered this proposition thatis callcd
a compromise. I hope we shall come to a vote
and satisfy the people who have already told us
they have agreed upon what is right, and ask us
to affirm what they have done.
Mr, SHERMAN. I should not say anything in
regard to this matter,although my constituents feel
a vital interest in it, were it not for the ingenuity
displayed by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania. i passed through the city of Pittsburg
the other day, and came on here, indeed, with a
committee of its citizens—probably the committee
that has been referred to. I had the honor also
of traveling with one of the Senator's colleagues
in the House of Representatives. I conversed
with those citizens, many of whom were inter-
ested in the lumber trade, some of whom were
interested in the coal trade, and they uniformly
agreed, so far as I could gather from their conver-
sation, that if this span was enlarged beyond the
distance fixed in the House bill fifty or seventy
feet, it would be all that they desired. It is abso-
lutely necessary to the whole commerce of this
country that the Ohio river should be bridged at
three places, at Steubenville, at Wheeling, and at
Parkersburg. There great lines of eastern rail-
roads connect with roads across the State of Ohio.
At Steubenville the distance cut off by a bridge
would be some thirty-four miles, I am informed
by those who built the road; the Senator from
Pennsylvania says but twenty-one miles. At
Wheeling the bridge was destroyed, but perhaps
is now in use; I do not know about that. At Steu-
benville a bridge with a high span can be con-
structed without difficulty. At Parkersburg it is
necessary to construct a bridge with a draw. The
want of these bridges has been a very great in-
jury. Any man, with a moment's reflection, can
see that if, when a train of cars comes to a stream,
all the passengers and all the freight have to be
taken over in ferry boats and there reshipped, it
creates a very great impediment, a very great ob-
struction. It is one of which the people of the
whole western country have complained for years.
This obstruction ought to be removed. Hereto-
fore the controversy in regard to it has been chiefly
between the steamboat men and the railroad men,
and this bill is made perfectly satisfactory to the
steamboat men. The bill provides that the height
above the low water mark shall be ninety feet,
which is higher, I believe, than the highest of the
steamboat pipes. In London and in Paris, and
indeed in Franco and England generally, there are
many railroad bridges across the streams; there
are many across the Thames, where the elevation
is not more than half as high, where the pipes of
the steamboats are just as high; but they are so
arranged that the pipes fall gracefully, pass und^i*
the bridge, and arc then raised again, and the whole
difficulty is obviated in that way. Here it is not
necessary to obviate the difficulty in that way, be-
cause, by the provisionsofthe bill, the height must
be ninety feet, which is more than sufficient to
allow any steamboat to pass through.
The only interest that objects to this is what is
called the lumber interest or the raft interest. I
cannot but think that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania wasted a great deal of ingenuity about it.
These rafts are all formed at Pittsburg; they are
formed of boats, the largest of which is from six-
teen to twenty feet wide and seventy feet long.
Am I not correct?
Mr. COWAN. The coal boats arc from one
hundred and sixty to one hundred and seventy
feet long and sometimes more, and from twenty
to twenty-five feet wide.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was speaking of the rafts.
A raft is sixteen or seventeen feet generally.
Mr. COWAN. The raft may be made two or
three hundred feet long, but sixteen feet wide is
generally the widest boat.
Mr, SHERMAN. These rafts are composed
either of a number of flat-boats put together, or a
number of rafts. They are brought down the
Monongahela or the Alleghany in single boats or
rafts. Both those streams are bridged. I think ac-
cording to the statement of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, the longest boat is about one hundred
and sixty feet long, and the widest boat twenty-
four feet wide. As a matter of convenience, when
these boats or rafts are brought together at Pitts-
burg, they are tied together, but in such a way that
they can be detached. Sometimes they are towed
by a steamboat: it is a mere matter of convenience.
It would not be any very great hardship if these
boats were carried down in single boats or rafts
clear down to New Albany. It would add very
little to the expense if that was required of them;
but, as a matter of convenience, these rafts, often
belonging to different owners, are tied together,
and float down in a great raft. It would not be
very serious inconvenience if these rafts and boats
were compelled to run down as single boats or
rafts clear to Louisville. It would not cause any
mateiial difficulty, it would not be anything over
which the State of Pennsylvania could weep much.
It would not add a quarter of a cent to the price
of coal; it would add scarcely anything to the price
of lumber.
But I venture to say that the span now agreed
upon, two hundred and seventy feet, is much
wider than many of the natural obstructions in the
Ohio river all the way to Louisville. This room
m its extreme length, I believe, is one hundred
and thirty-five feet. The bill as proposed by my
colleague, would make a span twice the extreme
length of this room—wide enough, I think, for
any reasonable raft or any reasonable boat to pass
through. There are great difficulties in increasing
the length of this span. It is true there is but a
difference of thirty feet now between the Senator
from Pennsylvania and my colleague. The rail-
road interest and all these interests have finally
agreed to two hundred and seventy feet; but there
are great practical difficulties in increasing the
length of the span. If you increase the length you
have to increase the elevation, and the winds along
the valley of the Ohio are sometimes so severe as
to throw down every obstruction. The Wheeling
bridge, I believe, was blown down atone time,and
utterly destroyed. The winds that prevail along
the valley of the Ohio, follow the valley, and are
often almost hurricanes. Therefore every foot
added to the span is a very material injury, and
it ought not to be done unless the navigation ab-
solutely requires it.
It seems to me, then, Mr. President, that this
bill protects all the interests. The steamboat men
are fully provided for by a width more than the
natural channel in many places of the Ohio river
—two hundred and seventy feet wide. If this
bill, after having passed the House of Represent-
atives almost unanimously, is defeated by the
mere objection of one Senator, (for I do not know
that any other objects to it,) it will put thousands
of persons to great inconvenience in crossing the
Ohio river by ferry boat after they have come to
the river in a car, and then going on another car
again. It will add to the cost of transporting every
pound of provisions from the West to the East,
and every pound of goods from the East to the
West,and all for what? Just to enable the rafts-
men and the coal-boat men to keep up a raft three
hundred feet wide down the Ohio river. I heard
an intelligent gentleman in Pittsburg say that he
had never seen a raft so wide as that go down the
Ohio i'iver from Pittsburg; but I do not pretend to
vouch for that. A raft three hundred feet wide?
Why, sir, according to the statement of ihe Sen-
ator himself each raft is but sixteen feet wide; that
is the length of a log, and how many alongside of
each other would it take to make three hundred
feet? Compute for yourself. Fifteen or sixteen.
Mr. CO WAN. I can state to the Senator that
I repeatedly—at least I think I have a hundred
times—seen what are called eighteen-string rafts.
He can calculate himself how wide an eighteen-
string raft of that kind would be.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it necessary to the safety
and salvation of this country that these rafts should
be eighteen wide? Is it not just as well in order
to accommodate a great interest that they should
be constructed nine wide, which would make them
one hundred and forty-four feet in width and give
them leeway passing through a draw two hundred
and seventy feet wide. The Senator himselfsays
that formerly—and I know it myself, I have been
on this river—these boats often went down by sin-
gle boats and rafts. The flat-boats of the Ohio are
as familiar to me as they are to him; I have seen
a thousand of them floating down on a solitary
journey all the way to New Orleans, with proba-
bly two or three men managing the craft, carrying
the precious burden all the way down. A steers-
man and oarsman and probably two or three other
hands, were all that were necessary to curry one
of these boats to New Orleans; but of late years
they have been putting them together as a matter
of convenience, forming great rafts, and the steam-
boat men have complained of the unreasonable size
oft hose rafts, taking the whole breadth of the river,
impeding the navigation, themselves a source of
obstruction and constant annoyance to the steam-
boat interest. Is there any reason why these rafts
should be allowed to impede the navigation, to pre-
vent the construction of railroads, and to cutoff
the means ofcommunication between the East and
the West? None whatever. The law should be
so.framed as to reduce these rafts to a reasonable
size. If the Jaw of Congress even provided that
they should not be more than five or six or seven
or eight rafts wide, and two, thiee, or four, or five
long, there would be no unreasonableness in it. I
do not wish to interfere with the business of laft-
ing and coal boating. A great deal of that is done
from Ohio; very much of the bituminous coal that
is sent down the river is sent from Ohio; but I do
not think it at all unreasonable to require the men
engaged in this business to conform their business
to the great wants of the country; and if modern
