1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
be indefinitely postponed. They were reported
back from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia,and thecommittee asked to be discharged from
their consideration. That report should have been
accompanied, I suppose, by a motion that the bills
be indefinitely postponed in order to get them off
the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sherman
in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, calls up
certain bills. They will be read by their titles.
The Secretary read the titles of the various bills,
as follows:
A bill (S. No. 91) authorizing the construction
of a horse railroad through certain avenues and
streets in Washington and Georgetown;
A.bill (S. No. Ill) incorporating the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railway Company;
A bill (S. No. 1G0) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company;
Abill(S.No. 165) in relation to a railway along
Pennsylvaniaavenuc and other avenues and streets
in the c.ities of Washington and Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia; and
A bill (S. No. 170) to incorporate the Union
Railroad Company, and to authorize the construc-
tion of a railroad in certain streets and avenues
in the cities of Washington and Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, and the running of
vehicles connected therewith, and to regulate the
same.
The motion to }>ostpone the bills indefinitely
was agreed to.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
repeal certain laws and ordinances of the District
of Columbia relating to persons of color.
MESSAGE F11031 THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethisridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 156) making
appropriations for the construction, preservation,
andrepairsofcertain fortificationoand othcrworks
of defense, for the year ending 30th of June, 1863,
and additional appropriations for the year ending
30th of Juno, 1862.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 286)making an appropria-
tion to illuminate the public buildings; in which
the concuirence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered the correction of the clerical omission
in the joint resolution (H. R. No. 37) in relation
to certain railroads in the State of Missouri; and
therefore returned the resolution to the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 112) to authorize a change of ap-
propriation for thepaymentof necessary expend-
itures 111 the service of the United States for Indian
affairs;
A bill (S No. 141) making appropriations for
the signal service of the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 15G) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense,
for the year ending 30th of June, 1863, and addi-
tional appropriations for the year ending 30th of
June, 1862;
A joint resolution (S. No. 39) providing a
stenographer for the joint committee appointed to [
inquire into the conduct of the war; !
A joint resolution (S. No. 44) tendering the i
thanks of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Dupont, j
and officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines, !
under his command, for the victory at Port Royal; ,
A joint resolution (S. No. 49) for the relief of j
the loyal portion of the Creek,Seminole, Chicka- •
saw, and Choctaw Indians: and • j
A joint resolution (S. No. 51) giving the thanks ;
of Congress to the officers, soldiers, and seamen i
of the Army and Navy, for their gallantly in the
recent brilliant victories over the enemies of the j
Union and the Constitution. j
BILLS INTRODUCED. !
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to mtioduce a bill (S. No 1
208) making a donation of lands to the States of
Wisconsin and Michigan to aid them in making
a military road and telegraph line in said States;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a joint resolution of which
notice has not been given. I ask that it be laid on
the table, hoping that the day is not far distant
when it will be the pleasure of the Senate to take
it up.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S.No.52) author-
izing: the President of the United States to confer
the title of lieutenant general by brevet for emi-
nent services; and it was read a first time, and
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, in pursuance
of previous noticc, asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a joint resolution (S. No. 53) to provide
for the presentation of medals to the enlisted men
of the volunteers, Army and Navy, and marine
corps, who have distinguished or may hereafter
distinguish themselves in battle, during the rebel-
lion; which was read twice by its title, find re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
REORGANIZATION OF NAYT DEPARTMENT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
further morning business, the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
credentials of Benjamin Stark, appointed a Senator
from the State of Oregon, is now under consider-
ation.
Mr. HALE. Does that come up in the morn-
ing hour?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
other business properly in order.
Mr. HALE. If the morning business is not
to be continued, I should like to ask the Senate
to take up for consideration Senate bill No. 171,
being a bill establishing two bureaus in the Navy
Department.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute.
The Secretary proceeded to read the original
bill.
Mr. .HALE. Perhaps it may not be worth
while to read the old bill. Thexe is an entire new
bill reported, and let that be read.
The Secretary read tl^e amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike 'out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That theic shall be attached to the Novy Department the
following buieaus, to wit: 1. A Bureau of Vaids and Docks.
2. A Bureau of Equipment and Jlceruiti-ng. 3. ABureauof
Hydrography and Lights. 4. A Bureau of Oidruuiee. o. A
Buteau of Construction and Repair. 6. A Bureau of Steam
Engineering. 7. A Bureau ot Piovisions and Clothing. 8. A
Buieau of Medicine and Surgery.
Stc. 2. slnd be it fuithcr enacted, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall appoint lion) the list of officers of the
Navy, not below the guide of commander, a chief for each
of the Buieaus ofYaulsand Dociv^.Ifwhoginphy and Lights,
Equipment and Reciuitmg, and of Oidnauce, and shall m
like mannei appoint a chief of the Buteau ot Construction
and Itcpan, who be a skiiliul naval constructor; ami
shall alio appnmta rhiufot the Buieau of Stcain Engineei-
ing, who tehrtll be a skillful engines, and be selected fiom
the li.-l of chief engur-ei- ot the Navy; and shall als o ap-
point a chief of the Buii.au of Medicine and Surgeiy, who
shall be -elected hom the iiM the huigoons of the Navy;
and a chief of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, who
shall he selected from the h-t of pa\ nutsteis of the Navy of
not less than ten yoar*s; -landing, e.ich of which chicle of
buieaus >ha)l icceivc a Hilary of £3,500 p^r annum, winch
5-h«ll be in lieu ot all other compensation whatcvei.
Sue. 3. "'hid be tt further cnactcd, That the Secretary of
the Navy shall appoint the following cleiks and other olli-
ceis. to wit:
For the ollice of the Secretary of tin- Navy, a chief clerk,
who t-hall receive a Hilary of OQQ per annum ; one clerk
at a salaivot who shall also be disbursing e!cik
with a salary oi § 2D J ; five clerks with a salary of
each : ihree i letk- v\ ith a saUuy of £1, J00 each ; four clciks
with a "-aLi! y of $1 .*200 each ; one messenger at $900 per
annum ; one a-^i-tant mcs-eng' i at §700; and two laborers
at SG00 each pel annum.
Foi tlv: Buieau o: Yards and Dock?, one civil engineer,
who shall receive a -alai\ of 000; one ehi: f cietk at
$l,bu0; ihn e c>ik- ai each ; one diau«ht-*m;m at
jV'K'iiH); one cleik ai 1/200, one, nic>->engcr at .<$3-10 ; and
two laboteis at $C0i) each per annum.
Foi the Buieau ui Equipment and Recanting, one chief
oleik. who -lull icoeive j <alaiv of $1,800: tlnce el'-rks at
a salary of $1,400 each; one clerk at a salary of $1,200;
one messenger at a salary of $840; ami one laborer at $500
per annum.
For the Bureau of Hydrography and Lights, one chief
cleik at $2,000; two clerks, who shall receive a salary of
#1,600 each; one clerk at $1,400; one at $1,200; one mes-
senger at $840; and one laborer at $600 per annum.
For the Bureau of Ordnance, one chief clerk at a salary
of $1,800; one draughtsman at $1,400; two clerks at$l,400
cach; one messenger at $840 per annum ; and one laborer
at §600; and one laborer at $480 per annum.
For the Bureau of Construction and Repair, one chief
clerk at a salary of $1,800 a year ;one draughtsman at $1,400
per annum; five clerks at a salary of $1,400 eachj one at
$1,200; one messenger at a salary of $840 per annum; and
one laborer at $600 per annum.
For the Bureau of Steam Engineering, one chief clerk at
a salary of $1,800; one draughtsman at $1,400; one clerk at
$1,400; one assistant draughtsman at $1,200; one messenger
at a salary of $340 per annum; and one laborer at $600 per
annum.
For the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, one chief
clerk with a salary of $1,800; four clerks with'a salary of
$•1,400 each; one clerk with a salary of $1,200; one messen-
ger with a salary of $840 per annum; and one laborer with
a salary of $600 per annum.
For the Bureau ofMedicine and Surgery, two clerks with
a salary of $1,400 each; and one messenger with a salary of
$840 per annum ; and one laborer at $600 per annum. «
For the piotection of the building occupied by the De-
partment, one day watchman and four night watchmen .at
a salary of$600 eacli per annum; and for the general care
ot the building, furnace, andgtound", one laborer at a sal-
ary of $600, one laborer at a salaiy of $360, and one laborer
at a salary of $300 each per annum.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy shall assign and distribute among the said bureaus
such of the duties* of the Navy Department as he shall judge
to be expedient and proper; and all of the duties of the said
bureaus shall be perlormed under the authoiity of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and thcit oideis shall be considered as
emanating from him, and shall have full force and effect as
such.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all estimates for
ppceific, general, and contingent expenses of the Depart-
ment and ot the several bureaus shall be furnished to the
Secretary of the Navy by the chiefs of the respective bu-
reaus, and ail such appiopriations shall be under the control
and expended by the direction of the Secretary of the Navy.
Sec. 6. Jlnd belt further enacted, That the chiefs of the
respective buieaus of the Navy Department shall be au-
thoiized to trank all communications from their respective
buieaus; and all communications to their buieaus on the
business thereof shall be free of postage.
Sec. 7. %&ntl he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasuiy be, and ho is hereby authorized and required
to transfer, as soon as may be after the passage of this act,
all the clerks, books, papers, archives, aids to navigation,
and other property belonging or attached to the Light-House
Board or under its control for the use or service of the Light-
House Boaid, to the Navy Department, which Department
shall hereafter be held responsible for the efficiency of the
system of the aids of navigation established by the United
States, and the duties and functions of the members of the
Light-House Board and the secretaries thereof shall cease
upon such transfer.
Sec. 8. Jlndhc it further enacted, That the act approved
Febiuary 7, 1815, entitled "An act to alter and amend the
several acts for establishing the Navy Department by add-
ing thereto a b&ard of commissioners," the act entitled
"An act to reorganize the Navy Department of the United
States," appioved August 31,1842, and the fourth section
of an act entitled "An act to regulate the appointmentand
pay of engineers in the Navy of the United States," ap-
proved August 31,1842, be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to move one or two amend-
ments to that amendment. I move to strike out
the words " attached to "and insert " established
in;" so that it will read, "that there shall be
established in the Navy Department," &c.
Thcamendmentto the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. HALE. On the next page, at the end of
the second section of the amendment, I move to
insert the following:
The said chiefs of buieaus to hold their said offices for
the tenn of four ycais.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
that places them in a different position from other
officers. Do not all officers hold their offices for
four years now by law?
Mr. HALE, i do not think they all do. This
is intended to put these officers on the same foot-
ing as all other appointees under the President.
That is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Docs that amendment
come from the Committee oil Naval Affairs?
Mr. HALE. It has the unanimous recom-
mendation of the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. HALE. There might have been one voting
against it. It was the recommendation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs; I'thought it was
unanimous.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " Navy," in the
sixth line of the fifth section, the words, " and the
