1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189T
fore I propose to amend his proposition, and not
allow any discretion anywhere but in the law,
and let the lav/ say that, for the more speedy and
efficient suppression of this rebellion, the Presi-
dent shall be authorized and required to issue his
proclamation. We decide that question for our-
selves. With the lights that are flashing upon us
this day, how can we doubt for a moment? If
the Senate will sustain the amendment 1 have pro-
posed, we shall require the President, thirty days
after the passage of this act, for the speedy and
more effectual suppression of this rebellion, to
issue a proclamation declaring the slaves of reb-
els, in these States and parts of States, free. I
hope the Senate will thus amend this proposition,
so that we shall leave'nothing to accident, nothing
to contingencies. With the lights of to-day, let
us meet the responsibilities of to-day, and do our
whole duty.
I feel, sir, that if we adjourn, if we go hence
without putting upon the statute-book of our
country a law declaring the slaves of rebels free
men, we shall be guilty of the blood of the brave
men who are to uphold the flag of our country in
the hot and sickly climes of the South. Many of
them lie to-day in humble graves in the land of
strangers. Many of them are now marching to
the far South. They are to die by thousands with
the disease and sickness of the climate. They are
to perish by thousands on battle-fields. Shall we
permit this powcrto stand in front of them, ready
to overwhelm them? Shall we permit this power
to stand unbroken, because we are afraid of
offending timid or doubting men ? Sir, I care for
the blood of the brave men from my State, from
the loyal part of the country, who are fighting
this battle for freedom and for national life. Their
lives are dearer to me than the doubtful constitu-
ional rights of criminals. We are very tender of
the constitutional rights of crime. Hardly a day
passes that the constitutional rights of crime are
not illustrated in this Chambei or in the other
House. Sir, I joyfully give my vote and my
voice for the cause of tny countrymen and my
country, against the greatfu-iminal that stands
to-day, with bloody hands, ready to pull down
the institutions and destroy the existence of my
country. In thus acting, I am cheered and sus-
tained by the proud consciousness that I amactu-
ated by a patriotism that embraces our whole
country,and the present and future welfare of the
Republic.
Mr. MORRILL, t desire, Mr. President, to
submit a few observations upon the general sub-
ject of the bill and the substitutes, and although I
am conscious that my remarks are not particu-
larly applicable to the amendment under consid-
eration, as the whole subject is necessarily before
us, I have concluded to avail myselfof this oppor-
tunity to ask the indulgence of the Senate while I
attempt to analyze these several propositions and
to see what they mean. I had the honor on a for-
mer occasion to say on the general subject of the
power of this Government to deal with the prop-
erty and the slaves of men in arms against it, and
of the expediency of exercising that power, all
thai I then desired or now desire to submit upon
the question.
We have had this subject before us since the
commencement of this session. The general sub-
ject has been referred to one of your leading and
most important committees, who have given it
great consideration and have reported to the Sen-
ate the result of that deliberation. That bill is
before us. There are now, according to my recol-
lection, some four distinct propositions as substi-
tutes for that bill. I desire to characterize these
bills by saying that they may all be arranged in
two classes. Three of them, including the bill of
the committee, are not dissimilar. The bill and
the amendment, or substitute in the shape of an
amendment, of the Senator from New York [Mr.
Harris] and that of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] are identical m principle and m ell'ect.
They belong to that class, and they represent and
are the expiession of a class of men in the coun-
try and in the Senate who aie in favor of effective,
present, decided measures applicable to the pres-
ent state of public affairs, measures that touch the
rebellion, measures that deal with the rebels, and
measures that do not postpone the subject to an-
other day. The other bills I characterize as bills
intended to do nothing, and the product of a class of
men who are opposed to doing anything and have
been opposed to doing anything from the begin-
ning. Therefore I say the bills before us consist
only of two classes, characteristic of their repre-
sentatives.
In the brief moments I purpose to occupy the
attention of the Senate, 1 shall direct my remarks
to this proposition: first, the bill before us is an
effective bill, proposing to deal with the rebellion
as we find it, and proposing to do whatever is
necessary to be done to put down this rebellion,
and nothing more. That I may not misstate the
purpose of the bill, I will ask the indulgence of
the Senate while I read the fourth section, which
is the gist of the whole bill—the kernel, the hinge
on which it turns. The fourth section of the bill
is in these words:
" That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States'"—■
" It shall be the duty"—positively,effectively,
directly—-of the President of the United States—
" as often as in ins opinion the military necessities of the
Army, or the safety, interest, and welfare of the United
States, in regard to the suppression of the rebellion shall
require"—
All having reference to the present state of
affairs, the putting down of the rebellion—to do
what?
" to order the seizure and appropriation by sucli officers,
military 01 civil, as iie may designate for the purpose, of
any and alt pioperty confiscated and forfeited under and by
vutue of this act, situated and being m any district of the
United States,'' &c.
This is the kernel of the bill, the gist of the
whole matter—a simple direction and authority to
the President of the United States to seize the
property, real and personal, of men in rebellion,
or certain classes of men, to which I shall allude
by and by. For what purpose' For punishment?
For a purpose foreign to this war? Not at all; but
to seize so much, precisely so much and no more,
as in his judgment the military necessities of the
Army, the safety of the country, its interests and
its welfare demand. When? In some remote and
uncertain future ? No; butso much as these grand
necessities of the hour and the exigencies of State
to-day require for the purpose of putting down
the rebellion. Is there any Senator here opposed
to the exercise of such a power? Is there any
Senator who will rise m his place and say that he
will not authorize the President to seize the prop-
erty of rebels where he shall judge there is a mil-
itary necessity for so doing? Is there any Sen-
ator here, or friend of the country anywhere, who
will say he is opposed to empowering and author-
izing the Piesident to seize the property of rebels
whenever he shall deem that tile safety, the inter-
est, and the welfare of the country demand it for
the purpose of suppressing this rebellion? I trust
not. Then you are in favor of this bill necessarily,
for this is the extent of the powerexercised. The
extent of the power to be exercised under this bill
is applicable to the present state of affairs. Con-
gress' does nothing by itself. Congress author-
izes the President to do nothing except such as
the military necessities and exigencies of the occa-
sion demand, and except so far as the President
shall find it necessary in the prosecution of this
war and in suppressing the rebellion. To say
that you are not willing to authorize that, is to
say that you are not willing to put into the hands
of the President the power necessary to suppress
this lebellion.
I am perfectly aware that this bill has been
characterized as a bill of pains and penalties. 1
am perfectly aware that it has been characterized
as a bill so sweeping in its character as that, to
use the graphic language of the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont, it would unhouse six millions
of men, women, and children; but that is in the
imagination of the honorable Senator. That is not
the bill; that is not in the terms of the bill, nor is
it in the purposes of the bill. The bill in its terms
is precisely adapted to the presentcontingency of
affairs. The bill is constructed upon the idea that
something is necessary to be done; that when you
advance your armies into the enemy's country,
the President must be authorized to do something.
What? How much? To what extent will you
authorize him to go? We will authorize him,
says the bill, to take whatever property of rebels,
i either real or personal, that the military exigencies
| of the occasion require. That is the first pi oposi-
! tion. We will authorize him to take all the prop-
i erty, real and personal, of the rebels, whenever the
1 safety and the welfare of this country demands.
For what purpose ? For the purpose of reconstruc-
tion? No. For the purpose ofemancipatiii^slaves?
No. For the purpose of general emancipation? No
such thing; but for the purpose expressly, in the
language of the bill, of suppressing the rebellion.
Is there any man here in the Sehate who enters
his dissent to that exercise of power? Not one.
I have heard no dissent. Although I have heard
a great deal of extravagant denunciation agairest
this bill, I challenge any Senator to rise on this
floor and show me by a fair construction of any
section of this hill, it can be extended one iota
beyond the construction I put upon it. It is simply
in essence and in effect, by legal and logical infer-
ence, only to be extended so far as the President
shall find the military and civil necessities which
surround him, when he advances into this coun-
try to put down this rebellion, and there itends.
Congress exercises the power it has by saying to
the President, substantially, "when you advance
your armies, do with the rebels and with their
property whatever you find it necessary to do to
put down this rebellion;" no more.
The chief merit of this bill is that it is effective;
it is designed to meet the difficulty in the case; it
has an application to the present state of affairs;
and the difficulty with the other bills is that they
do not touch the present state of affairs. They
would legislate precisely as if there was no rebel-
lion in the land. They do not authorize the Presi-
dent to lift his finger in the presentstate of affairs.
They postpone everything to the future when your
armies shall be disbanded. Then, as I shall show
you by and by, when I come to speak of those
hills, they propose to constitute a general criminal
assize over this whole country, when the whole
country is to be engaged, in contemplation of those
bills, in criminal prosecutions—for what? To put
down rebellion ? That is already done. What
then ? To punish ? That is to be the vocation of
the nation under the bill either of the honorable
Senator from Vermont or the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania. This nation, in contempla-
tion of those bills, is to do nothing. This Con-
gress will do nothing now to authorize the Presi-
dent; they will not empower him at all to take
the property, real or personal, of a single rebel for
the purpose of putting down this rebellion. Let
him put it down, is their policy, and when the re-
bellion is suppressed in some way not precisely
described, then, I say, the whole country is to be
turned into a general criminal assize, and for the
next fifty years we are to be occupied on the crim-
inal side of the court in punishing rebels. The
bills mean that or they mean nothing, and I sus-
pect them very much of the latter.
A great deal has been said, and the country
has been greatly alarmed, and I am afraid a great
many of us frightened from our propriety, by the
eloquent and able speeches that have been made
denunciatory of the powers in this bill; but in
every instance, so far as 1 have been able to ob-
serve, they have avoided this section upon which
I have commented. Not a word has been said
upon that; it has not been read in our hearing;
and yet it is the gist of the whole bill and all the
power there is in it; for notwithstanding the sec-
tions to which I shall refer by and by, you will
find they give no vitality or po%ver to it. The
life, the substance, the vitality, and power of the
bill is in this section. There is no authority any-
where else; and the President by this section is
not authoiized to raise his finger, is not author-
ized to appropriate the first dollar of real or per-
sonal estate, except upon a military necessity or
a great State exigency, and only then for the pur-
pose of putting down this rebellion. There is no
broad margin here for speculation as to the eman-
cipation of slaves. It docs not look to it. There
is no term in this section to authorize the infer-
ence that those who drew it contemplated that the
President would do the first thing tofiee the first
slave in all this territory. How is it then that
we have been so frightened from our propriety
in regard to this bill? I will tell you how it is.
Read the first section and you will see. The first
section provides for a general forfeiture of the prop-
el ty of rebels. That section has been amended,
and 1 ought to say, m order to understand pre-
cisely the case as it is presented to us, that the
first section as amended provides for tile forfeiture
of the real ami personal estate of ceriain classes
of rebels. Let me read it, because it has been
said that this bill is to unhouse six millions of
