876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
appropriations for each bureau shall be kept sep-
urate in the Treasury." As it now is, by some
law—I am unable to tell where the law is to be
found—the whole arnount of the contingent fund
that is annually appropriated to the Department,
which last year was §1,400,000, and, according
to the naval bill as sent to us from the House of
Representatives, is to be this year $1,700,000, is
expended under the direction of the chief of the
Bureau of Construction, Repair, and Equipment.
This section is a new section, and proposes "that
all the estimates for specific, general, and contin-
gent expenses of the Department, and of the sev-
eral bureaus, shall be furnished to the Secretary
of the Navy by the chiefs of the respective bu-
reaus." That-is the case now, although there is
no law to that effect; but this part of the section
is new, " and all such appropriations shall be
under the control and expended by the direction
of the Secretary of the Navy." To that I pro-
pose to add the words, "ana the appropriations
for each bureau shall be kept separate m the Treas-
ury;" so as to have each bureau responsible, and
that we may know at the end of the year exactly
what proportion of these contingent expenses has
been expended under each particular bureau.
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to strike out the
word " one," in the twenty-ninthlineof the sixth
page, and also the word " one," in the thirtieth
line of the same page, and to insert the word
" two" in each place, so as to give the Bureau of
Hydrography and Lights two clerks at $1,400,
and two clerks at $1,200 each. I do this at the
instance of the gentleman representing the Navy
Department, who is more familiar with the sub-
ject than I am, and who believes it to be neces-
sary. I will state, in explanation of this propo-
sition, that, as the bureaus are now organized,
hydrography and ordnance are together, two of
the most incongruous subjects that could possibly
be assigned to a bureau. It is proposed by this
bill to establish a distinct Bureau of Ordnance.
That bureau will furnish as much business as any
chief can properly supervise, having charge of
furnishing all the ordnance and armament to all
the vessels of the United States, and all that may
be manufactured for that particular branch of the
public service. It is then proposed to establish a
distinct Bureau of Hydrography, and to give to
it the general supervision of the light-houses of
the United States. To this bureau has also been
attached, and I suppose will remain attached, the
charge of the Nautical Almanac, the Naval Acad-
emy, and the Observatory; so th$xt this bureau
will probably have the charge of the hydrography,
furnishing the Navy with charts and surveys, the
Naval Academy, the light-houses, the Nautical
Almanac, and the National Observatory. In order
to carry out fully all the duties that will be as-
signed to this bureau, it is suggested to me by the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy that it may be
necessary to give it two clerks at $1,400, and two
at $1,200, each.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Are amendments now in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I notice in the Bureau of
Hydrography and Lights a distinction in regard
to clerks which I do not perceive m the other bu-
reaus, and I should like to ask the chairman of
the committee, or the Senator from Iowa, the rea-
son of that distinction. I sec that the first clerk
in this bureau is set down at $2,000, while the
chief clerks of other bureaus have a less sum;
and that is also true in regard to the second clerks,
two clerks at $1,600 apiece.. Now, I do not per-
ceive that any clerk in either of the other bureaus
has that sum. It seems to me the clerks in the
various bureaus should be upon the same footing.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say, in explanation, to
the Senator from Maine, that we took the clerks
exactly as we found them, gave them precisely
the salary now allowed them by law. In the Bu-
reau of Light-Houses, the chief clerk has hereto-
fore been receiving a salary of $2,000, and they
have had two third class clerks receiving a salary
of §1,600 So in regard to all the other clerks, i
There has been no increase of pay to anybody i
proposed; but we took them exactly as we found j
them. I understand that these clerks have been j
connected with this service for a long time, have I
been very laboriously employed ,and have a knowl-
edge of the matters that they have charge of that
is possessed by hardly any other persons. It
requires a good deal of scientific skill to manage
the Bureau ofLight-Houses with advantage to the
public, and therefore we did not choose to change
the sum that was allowed to them.
Mr. MORRILL. Still I can conceive that there
may be an objection to the provision as it stands.
These clerks were not in this department of the
service; now it is proposed to bring them all into
the same department of service. It seems very
desirable that there should be uniformity; other-
wise you may get up a rivalry between different
branches of the same service. I therefore move
that this bill be amended so as to put the clerks
in this bureau on the same footing with the clerks
in the other bureaus; strike out $200 in the Bureau
of Hydrography and Lights, so that the first clerk
shall receive $1,800, and the second class clerks,
now put at §1,600, shall receive $1,400, putting
them on the same footing with the other bureaus.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine is on page 6, line
twenty-eight, to strike out "$2,000" and insert
"$1,800," and in line twenty-nine to strike out
"$1,600" and insert "$1,400."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If all the amendments
proposed by the committee are made, I wish to
suggest to the Senator from Iowa that he let the
bill lie over. It will be noticed that this bill pro-
poses a very important change. The light-house
system has heretofore been under the charge of
the Treasury Department and of what is called
the Light-House Board. It has been found in prac-
tice to work well. I believe it is conceded that the
system has been exceedingly well managed .What
reasons there may be for changing the direction of
it, putting it under the control of the Navy De-
partment, and abolishing the Light-House Board,
as this bill does, I am not aware at present. It is
a very important change, at all events,and ought
to be well considered. I um not certain thatitis
not right; but I am informed that the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Light-House Board propose
to make a communication on the subject of this
change, either to the Senate in general or to some
Senators, and I wish the bill to lie over in order
that we may hear the other side of the case, to see
what are the objections to this proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not particular about lay-
ing the bill over; but we have the other side of
the case as represented by the Committee on Com-
merce, who have introduced a bill that I under-
stand was drawn up by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, proposing to put the light-house system under
the charge of the revenue service. That bill is
now before us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce is not here; and he probably
was not aware that this bill would be taken up to-
day; I was not aware that it would be taken up.
I-t ought not to be passed now, if the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce has a bill of that kind
pending, and especially as the Secretary of the
Treasury who now has charge of the system and
the Light-House Board desire to make a commu-
nication on the subject. We have not in reality
heard the question discussed at all. It is a prop-
osition which is unfamiliar to anybody except the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I suggest that it
ought to lie over in order that we may luive all the
information.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, I will simply
say that in consequence of a communication from
the Treasury Department, a bill has been prepared
withaview of giving the charge of the light-houses
to the revenue officers. It is said that there may
be a very large saving of expense by that arrange-
ment. I understand that the proposition now be-
fore the Senate is that officers of the Navy shall
be detailed especially for that purpose. By the bill
which has been prepared by the Committee on
Commerce, the officers of the revenue service are
to perform this duty without additional expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is evident that this bill
ought to he over, in order that we may examine
both systems, and understand them. Thisshould
not pass by surprise, being a very important bill,
including as it does a very important change. The
whole question ought to be considered,an$ I there-
fore suggest that it lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves that the bill lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXCHANGE OF JUDGES.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that all prior orders be
postponed in order to take up the bill in relation
to district judges of the United States, which is
Senate bill No. 130. It will not occupy time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
130) to authorize the district judges of the United
States to act out of their districts in certain cases,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole; the
question being on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
Tliatany district judge or any district of the United States
may hold any district or chcuit court in any other district
upon the written request of thp rli«triet judge of the district
in which said court is to be held, and for that purpose shall
have the same power and jurisdiction as the judge of said
district would have had when holding such court; but no
such judge shall be entitled to any compensation or allow-
ance for expenses for any service performed under the pro-
visions of this section.
Sec. 2. rfnd be it further enacted, That whenever there
shall be a vacancy in the office of district judge of any dis-
trict of the United States, or by reason of the sickness or
absence of the judge appointed for such distyct, no court
can otherwise beheld therein, the President may, whenever
in his opinion the public exigencies require that a district
or circuit court, or both, should be held in such district,
designate any judge of any other district to hold such court
or courts; and thereupon, for the purpose of holding such
court or courts, the judge so designated shall have the same
power and jurisdiction as if he had been appointed for the
district in which such court or courts are to be held ; and
any judge holding any court upon the appointment and des-
ignation of the President under the provisions of this sec-
tion, shall, in addition to the compensation now provided
by law, receive the actual expenses incurred by him in the
performance of the duties assigned to him as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jindbe.it further enacted, Tiiat the Pre>ident shall,
in the order designating a judge to hold any court as pro-
vided by the second section of this act, also designate the
time and place of holding such court or courts, and the
manner in which notice thereof shall be given. The judge
designated to hold such court or courts shall also have power
to direct that a grand and petit jury, or either, be summoned
to attend any such court, as he may deem necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FOSTER. I believe I was not present in
the Committee on the Judiciary at the time this bill
was under consideration. Ifl was, I have forgot-
ten it. I notice that it makes a considerable change
in the present law upon this subject, and I should
like to hear some explanation in regard to it before
it is passed.
Mr. HARRIS. It does make a change, and I
will state in as few words as I can what the change
is. As the law now stands, there can be no ex-
changes between different district judges in hold-
ing courts, as there axe in the State courts. If a
district judge is sick, or desires to be absent, he
cannot call in to hold a court for him a neighbor-
ing district judge. The first section of this bill
provides for such an exchange, if a judge wants
to be absent for a few months.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do not existing laws pro-
vide for calling in a district judge from a neigh-
boring district, upon the written request or order
of a circuit judge ?
Mr. HARRIS. Only in certain special cases,
but this is general. For example, let me state a
case. Judge Hall, the judge of the northern dis-
trict of New York, desires next summer to go to
Europe. He wants to make an arrangement with
his brother judges to hold his courts for him dur-
ing his abscnce. He has not the power. This
section provides for that, and that only, without
any additional expense.
The next section provides for a different case,
where there is a vacancy in the office, where there
is no district judge. This bill provides that if the
President, in his judgment, deems it important
that a district or circuit court should be held in
such vacant district, he may designate some judge
from another district to hold it, and that that judge
shall have his actual expenses paid for perform-
ing that service. If, for example, it shall be con-
sidered important to hold a court at Port Royal,
the President under this section would have the
power to send a judge down there to do it. In
any district, wherever there is a vacancy in the
office of district judge, the President may send
some other district judge to hold the court. That
is the substance of the second section.
