1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
people, is sweeping in its provisions. In the first
place it applies to
Persons hereafter acting as« officers of the army or navy
of the rebels, now or hereafter in arms against the United
States.
- That is the first application.
Second. Persons hereafter acting as president, vice presi-
dent, member of congress, head of department, judge, for-
eign minister, consul, or commissioner of the so-called con-
federate States.
None of us, I think, have any hesitation as to
its application in that direction. None of us, I
take it, would be particularly desirous that a jury
of twelve men should be summoned to try the loy-
alty or disloyalty of Jefferson Davis, or the vice
president or the heads of departments of the rebel
government. Their property is forfeited under
the action of this bill, without summoning a jury
to try their disloyalty.
Third. Persons hereafter acting as an officer, whether
civil, military, or naval, of any State or Territory, who, by
the constitution of the so-called confederate States, is re-
quired to take an oath to support said constitution.
Fourth. Persons who, having held an office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States, shall hereafter take
up arms against the United States.
Fifth. Persons who, owning property in the loyal States
or Territories, or the loyal portions of disloyal States, shall
hereafter assist or give aid and comfort to the present rebel-
lion.
The property of these persons is forfeited, and
so. under-this bill it would turn oat that the Pres-
ident of the United States, instead of being author-
ized to unhouse six millions of persons in the slave
States, would be authorized to ascertain whether
this property with which he was to deal belonged
to anv of the classes herein indicated, and that is
all. The.forfeiture in this bill is to be enforced,
and only enforced by the President in the prose-
cution of the war, and in the suppression of the
rebellion,and when thatis suppressed all the power
and ail the authority under this bill are at an end.
There is no other working power except through
the President. It contemplates nothing, it pro-
poses nothing but what is applicable to the pres-
ent state of affairs.
With this brief exposition of the character of
this bill, I desire to invite the attention of the Sen-
ate to the other class of measures, and see whether
Senators who have denounced this bill as sweep-
ing, who have characterized it as a bill of pains
and penalties, who have denied the power of this
Government to confiscate property at all—whether
they do not contemplate in their bills the exercise
of precisely the power that they deprecate in this
bill. The obvious distinction, and the only dis-
tinction, that can be drawn between these bills is,
that the bill under consideration, reported from
the committee, is active, effective, present in its
operation and in its scope and power; it does not
transcend the power contemplated by the bills
which I have characterized in opposition to this
bill. That 1 may not be misunderstood, and in
order to make myself precisely intelligible, I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate to the pro-
vision in the bill offered as a substitute by the
honorable Senator from Vermont. The first sec-
tion of that bill provides:
That if any person or persons owing allegiance to the
United States shall, after the passage ot this act, levy war
against them, oi shall adheie to their enemies, giving them
aid and comfort, and shall thereof be convicted, on confes-
sion in open court, or on the testimony of two witnesses,
to the same overt act of treason, whereof he or they shall
stand indicted, such person oi persona shall be adjudged
guilty of treason against the United States, and shall suffer
death, or imprisonment not less than five years, and be fined
not less than §10,000; which fine shall be levied and col-
lected on any or all of the property, real and personal, of
which the said person or persons so convicted was owner
at the time of the committing of the said act, any sale or
conveyance to the contrary notwithstanding.
The remark I make upon this section of the bill
is this: that, in contemplation of the bill, any and
all persons, who daring this rebellion levy war on
the Government or give aid and comfort to the
enemy are liable to indictment, conviction, and
the punishment of death. Ail persons—there are
no exceptions—all persons in the rebellions States
who have been guilty of aiding and abetting the
enemy are exposed to the penalty of death by this
bill. How is that? Is that in-the nature of a bill
of pains and penalties? The honorable Senator
from Vermont says nobody expects that we are
to lmnga hundred thousand men; nobody expects
that any great body of these rebels are to be exe-
cuted. 1 am not permitted to know how that id,
but I declare, and 1 challenge the honorable Sen-
ator to controvert it, that he has made a provision
in his bill broad enough to hang everybody in
the seceded States who by force of law could be
convicted of treason. I trust the honorable Sen-
ator will not put his reputation upon a bill which
provides for a punishment he does not intend to
inflict. This bill provides in express terms for
the trial and conviction of everybody] in arms
against the Government. It is sweeping in its
provisions. It applies the penalty of death to
everybody who can be proved to have aided in or
abetted this rebellion.
But more: discretionary with the court, any
person, all persons who can be convicted, or who
can be proved to have participated in this rebel-
lion, may—what? May be imprisoned indefin-
itely, or they may be fined in an indefinite sum,
large enough, in the exact phrase of the bill, to
cover all their real and personal estate. Putting
these things together, the bill contemplates the
trial and conviction of every man, woman, and
child in these rebellious States who can be proved
to have participated in this rebellion; and there
is no escape from that conclusion, unless the hon-
orable Senator is willing to concede that he never
expects the provisions of the bill he makes to be
executed.
Superadded to this death penalty, superadded
to this unlimited confinementin prison, and super-
added to this sweeping clause for the confiscation
of all real and personal estate, or for the taking,
on judgment, of all real and personal estate, is a
general provision disqualifying the person from
forever holding any office of trust hereafter. That
provision, I suppose, applies only to such as are
imprisoned for life, or those whose property is
taken from them, as by fair inference it could
hardly be presumed that the honorable Senator
intended first to hang a man and then disqualify
him, although the terms of the bill would not seem
to exempt him or disqualify him.
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the second section of that bill, which
seems to provide for an additional penalty; and
these provisions are all in the nature of penalties,
none of them designed to suppress the rebellion,
none of them having the remotest relation to rebel-
lion, not one of them to be exercised during the
present contingency of public affairs, but all post-
poned to a day of peace, ail postponed to a period
when 1 hope we shall be doing something else than
prosecuting our fellow-citizens. The first section
having provided for the conviction and punish-
ment by death of all rebels, or for their unlim-
ited imprisonment, and for an unlimited penalty
to be levied upon their real and personal estate,
there is still another penalty superadded. The
second section provides:
" That the persons to whose labor or service any person
convicted under this act has claim by the laws of any State,
shall be thereafter forever free and discharged therefrom."
Now, sir, it is obvious that if these two sec-
tions go together, and if, in contemplation of law,
the first section is ever to be carried out, and those
guilty of the crime of rebellion are to be convicted
under this bill, and punished, to that extent the
slaves are to be freed. How? By judgment of
the court? There is no provision of that sort,
none whatever; but the honorable Senator de-
clares in his bill that the slaves of all persons con-
victed under the bill shall be freed. By whom?
The bill does not provide that they are to be freed
by judgment of the court. That is no part of the
judgment. It is a penalty superadded to all the
penalties in that bill, and, whatisa little peculiar,
and 1 desire to call the attention of the Senate to
it, is this: although the honorable Senator in the
first section of the bill provides that the President
of the United States shall have power to pardon
from the death penalty, shall have power to re-
lease fiom the imprisonment, and also from the
penalty of loss of real and personal estate, yet
after conviction,although the person may be par-
doned, his slaves are still to be free. I therefore
submit to the Senate that as to the scope of pow-
ers contemplated in this bill, they are vastly be-
yond anything that is proposed in the hill which
comes from the committee. The bill which comes
from the committee is limited. If you could sup-
pose that this bill is intended to be executed, the
bill which comes from the committee is leniency
itself compared with that proposed by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont.
The honorable Senator from Veitnont, in his
speech the other day on the general bill and the
amendment, read us a lecture upon our duty as
members of the Republican party. He not only
argued against the unconstitutionality of confis-
cation, but we were told that as Republicans we
were pledged not to interfere with slavery in the
States; not only had we no power under the Con-
stitution to interfere with slavery in the States,
but we were pledged and bound by those pledges,
which he, for one, was bound to keep, not to in-
terfere with slavery in the States. Under that
view of the subject, I was a little careful to look
into his bill. After listening here with very great
interest to a very able, oftentimes eloquent, speech
deprecating all power to confiscate property, and
deprecating all power on the part of the Govern-
ment to interfere with slavery at all, I was a little
curious to look into his bill, and looking at the
sixth section of it I found this provision:
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if in any State,
or part thereof, in which the inhabitants have by the Pres-
ident been declared in a state of insurrection, the said in-
surrection shall have continued for a period of six months,
then and in that case the President is authorized, if in his
opinion it is necessary to the successful suppression of said
insuriection, by proclamation to fix and appoint a day when
all persons holden to service or labor in any such State, or
part thereof as he * hall declaie, whose sei vice or labor is
by the law or custom of said State due to any person or
persons who, after the day so fixed by said proclamation,
shall levy war or participate m msuirection against the
United States, or give aid to the same, shall"—
What? Here is the scope of the provision: if
any person holding slaves after a given date, in
any of these districts, shall give aid and comfort to
the enemy, or be found in arms against the Gov-
ernment, his slaves shall be forever free. How
sir? By judgment of a court? No such thing.
By what authority? Express authority is given
in the bill not only to free the slaves of rebels, but
to free the slaves of both rebels and loyal masters,
who shall be found in any district, the limits of
which the President of the United States may ar-
bitrarily assign.
Now, sir, I should like to know if any such
power has been proposed on this side of the Sen-
ate, or anywhere by'anybody, as that. I should
like to know with what sort of grace it is that we
are told that there is no power in this Government
to interfere with slavery at all, and that we are
bound by our pledges as Republicans not to inter-
fere with it, and then, presented with a bill—a
most fearful non seqaitur to the speech—which by
its terms, allows the President arbitrarily, in his
own judgment and at his own discretion, to free
not only the slaves of rebels, but all the slaves
within any district, he himself assigning the limits
of the district. I say that under that section of the
Senator's bill—and I challenge contradiction—
you authorize the President, if you pass it, to free
every slave in this country the moment he chooses
to issue his proclamation. Nov/, I should like to
ask the honorable Senator from Virginia, who
felicitated himself so much upon this speech of
the honorable Senator from Vermont, whether it
is that part of the honorable Senator's measure
that so gratifies him?
Mr. CARLILE. It was the speech that I ad-
mired.
Mr. MORRILL. I supposed as much from
some shrewd hint the honorable Senator from
Virginia gave yesterday. I supposed it was the
speech, and not the bill.
Now, Mr. President, if I am capable of com-
prehending the bill, I have not overstated, I have
not misstated the effect and purport of it, and I
come to this conclusion upon the whole bill, that
it is not only more sweeping than the bill from
the committee, but most sweeping of all the bills
combined; it, if earned out, would do precisely the
thing that the honorable Senator said in his speech
we had no constitutional power and no right by
our pledges to do. It would not only do all that,
but it would free the slaves of loyal as well as dis-
loyal men. I say, sir, that I have not only come
to that conclusion, but I am forced to come to the
conclusion, in haimony with the speech, that itis
the expectation of the honorable Senator, and of
those who vote for it, that it is never to be execu-
ted; it is not designed to be executed; the bill, if
you pass it, although it goes into effect at once,
has no provision which allows any moital man,
either the Piesidenf, or ru.ushal, or court, to do
anything until the rebellion is suppressed, order
id u-rttorod, pence and harmony prevail; and then,
kir, you aie to cummence the woik of punishment!
