2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
very unsafe on the Mississippi river. It may bo
observed, however, that the draw of the bridge
here is not a contracted one like that on the Mis-
sissippi river, by any manner of means. It is a
much wider draw. On the whole, I hope the Sen-
ator will reconsider his determination, and not
vote against the whole public for the benefit of in-
terests which have but one advocate on this floor.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator from Ohio
must know very well that I would like to aid any
measure advocated by him, and I of course have
no feeling about this matter one way or the other
any further than as it may operate as a precedent,
as I stated.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I must say one
word more. It has been continually asserted here
that I am the only person who objects to this
bridge. I beg leave to say that that is not true.
1 am in favor of this bridge; I desire that the
country shall enjoy all possible advantages from
railroads, but at the same time I am in favor of the
river. I want to save them both. It is very easy
for Senators to say here that they have talked to
this gentleman and that gentleman and the other
one. It may be all true; I do not say that itis not
so; but nobody has a right to say that 1 have not
been spoken to by a great number of gentlemen
interested in this matter as well.
Mr. WADE. I have talked with nobody fl d
have not pretended to talk with anybody about it.
I have presented the documents.
Mr. COWAN. I have impugned nobody's
motives; I have charged nobody with acting im-
properly on this floor on this matter; but I claim
to represent, I should say,at least eight hundred
thousand or a million people who are interested
in this question, and whose feelings and whose
sentiments and whose opinions I know exactly
and precisely as to this bridge; and I know that
if it is built therein such a way as to obstruct the
navigation of the river, there will be fifty thousand
strong arms, sturdy men, next spring, all discon-
tented, and all of whose rights will have been in-
fringed upon by making it improperly. I want
to make it right, and rather than offend, rather
than aggrieve these people by our legislation in
favor of railroad corporations, (which are not
more popular than they ought to be, after all the
benefits they have conferred on society, because
they are attending to their own interests all the
while, just as the lumberman or the coal dealer
is attending to his,) I would require those who
claim this special privilege to expend more money,
and put the thing beyond all doubt. Where is the
difficulty? The Niagara river has been spanned
by a bridge nine hundred feetlong. At what cost?
At a cost of half a million only. Is the Niagara
river of more value than the Ohio ? As a means of
transportation, as a navigable stream, it is worth
nothing at all. I say that, in my judgment, the
people of the West interested in the Ohio river
had better themselves build this bridge at a cost of
$500,000, with a span nine hundred feet, rather
than to allow one of four hundred feet.
Mr. President, you have been told that if this
was a question of law my opinion might be worth
something. I beg leave to say that I knew all
about this river before I knewanything of the law.
I spent about four years upon it and its tributa-
ries, engaged m the hardest and the severest labor
which could be performed upon it. I speak of this
in no vain-boasting, nor am I in the leastashamed
that the greater part of my education perhaps was
received m the midst of those men who toil on arks
and rafts, and who are, after all, the bone and sinew
of the country. They are the men who are now
upon the battle-field upholding and defending our
flag, while the corporators and railroad men are
seeking heie to make the best bargains they can.
I do not reflect on them, but at the same time I
think itis well that somebody should stand up for
those who have not the means to comc here to in-
fluence this body in their behalf.
Now, a word as to the people who have been
heard here. Why, Mr. President, of the eight
hundred thousand people in my State interested
in this question, I venture to say that there are
not ten thousand who have heard of this project,
and there are not one thousand of that ten thousand
who know anything about what it is. How did
this bill come here, and why was it necessary to
alter it to two hundred and seventy from two hun-
dred feet? Why is it that it comes here through
the other House, and wends its weary way along
so long, and has to be amended here ? It is just
because nobody knew anything about it, and it
came here and it was reported here in this body
when I knew nothing about it. If I had been in-
formed that such a bill was before the Post Office
Committee, if I had known of it, I would have
taken pains to inform thatcommittee by men who
undoubtedly know all about this thing. 1 knew
nothing of it. It comes up now, and what do we
find ? The honorable Senator from Minnesota has
just shown that they have a bridge of the same
kind, with a draw, in the Mississippi river, with ,
one hundred and sixteen feet of passage on each j
side, and what has been the consequence? Ithas
destroyed not the rafts and the arks in the river,
butalmostthe whole steamboat navigation of that
river; destroyed immense quantities of property,
and even valuable lives. But it is said that the
current of the Mississippi river is not the current
of the Ohio. Why not? They are both water.
The current at Steubenville is just as violent as
the current at Rock Island. The current of the Ohio
river is far more violent than that of theMisssisippi
river above Cairo, because a more gentle, placid
stream is not on the continent than the Mississippi
above Cairo. It is the Missouri which gives the
Mississippi below its angry and turbulent char-
acter. The Mississippi Itself, where this bridge
is built, is far more gentle and far more placid,
yes, I say, twice over, than the Ohio river is at
Cincinnati, where the latter is especially angry.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, no State, per-
haps, is more directly interested in the matter
under discussion than the State which 1 have the
honor in part to represent; and for that, if for no
other reason, it would not become me to be wholly
silent on a question of such magnitude and im-
portance as this is. The only practical question, I
think, now before the Senate, the only real mat-
ter in issue is, shall the spans between the piers
of the bridges to be erected across the Ohio river
be three hundred or two hundred and seventy feet?
The necessity of bridging the Ohio is not a mat-
ter now necessary to be argued. It is a matter of
indispensable necessity. The great tide of com-
inerceand travel ebbmgand flowmgdemandssome
better means of crossing that stream than now ex-
ist; and if we have found it necessary, as we did
yesterday, to throw a great mammoth railroad
across the continent to the Pacific, I think there
are more immediate demands, and more pressing
necessities, at least necessities coming closer home
to many of us, that these bridges should be built.
At the same time, I cannot consent, for one, that
any structure should be placed across that river
which would seriously impede the commerce that
passes on its bosom—the traffic, the trade, and the
travel; the coal boats, the steamboats, and the
rafts.
The section of the State of Virginia in which
I reside, and which is more immediately interested
in this matter, is a country producing the finest
forests on the continent; the best timber, perhaps,
m the United States. Acres of itare floated down
every freshet, when we can get it out of our mount-
ain streams, of what is called steamboat timber—
trees, sometimes a hundred feet long, lashed to-
gether in all sorts of forms; and all the boat-build-
ing yards at Cincinnati, and at other points on the
liver from Louisville to Pittsburg, depend, to a
very great extent, on northwestern Virginia for
the supply of oak out of which to build their struc-
tures. Then, sir, the section of the State where
I reside is interested in the coal fields, as well as
the Senator from Pennsylvania, and want free
egress that will not seriously embarrass or hinder
us from the market.
Now, sir, I am reduced exactly to this dilemma:
to decide between the proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania and the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio. They both agree upon the neces-
sity and the propriety of the erection of these
bridges; so do I. The dilieience between thein is
not very great; itis only thirty feet. The difKcuhy
is reduced to small dimensions; and wheie gentle-
men of the character and understanding of those
Senators disagree, I confess it leaves mem some
degree of embarrassment. I am anxious that this
bill should pass m some form or other, and the
privilege granted for the construction of these
bridges; at the same time 1 cannot consent to the
erection of any bridge which would seriously em-
barrass the navigation of the liver, both upon the
ground ofexpediencyand upon the giound of right;
and upon this latter ground, if any State has a right
to speak, it is the State of Virginia; for, on ceding
that great empire to the United States which she
did, she made a reservation, and m the ordinance
of 1787 there was also a reservation made, in the
following language:
"The navigable vvaters leading into the Mississippi and
St. Lawrence, and the cariying places between tile same,
shall be common highways and forevet free, as well to the
inhabitants of the said Territory as to the citizens of the
United States, and those of any other States that may lie
admitted into the Confederacy, without any tax,impost, or
duty therefor."
Now, sir, as a representative of Virginia, I can-
not and will not consent to any charter or statute
which will lead to the erection of any serious ob-
struction to the navigation of the Ohio river. As
I said, I am reduccd to the dilemma of choosing
between the judgment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania anil the judgment of the Senator from
Ohio. I do not know what to do exactly. The
difference is very small. It seems to me that the
Senator from Ohio has presented the opinion of
practical men here, those largest interested in the
subject, to such a degree that in a case where I do
not profess to have any knowledge myself, it must
incline me to assent to his proposition rather than
to embarrass improvements of such vital import-
ance to the interests and travel of the whole coun-
try.
But, sir, I more especially rose to suggest to the
honorable Senator from Ohio whether, after all,
it would not be best to strike out the first two sec-
tions of the bill and make this a general law. I do
not, for my own part, see the propriety of incor-
porating in this bill a special charter for a bridge
at a special location, and at the same time in other
sections of the bill providing generally for the erec-
tion of bridges by railroad companies anywhere
upon the Ohio river. There may be some pro-
priety in this, there may be some object in the
special provision contained in the first two sec-
tions, which is not apparent to my mind; but the
authority to build a bridge at Steubenville in Ohio
would be just as complete under this bill, con-
taining thegeneral provisions in the sections other
than the fust and second, as it would bo retaining
the first two sections of the bill. By the way, I
see a clausc in the latter part of the second sec-
tion which is a little singular, inasmuch as the
same clause does not appear in regard to the other
sections of the bill. After providing that the bridge
partially constructed, opposite Steubenville, for, I
lielieve, there are only one or two piers done, "and
abutting on the Virginia shore is a lawful struc-
ture," and providing that if completed and con-
structed in the manner designated, it shall be a
post road; and after some other provisions, there
is this clause:
And the officers and crews of all vessels and boats navi-
gating said river, are required to regulate the use of their
said vessels and boats, and of any pipes or chimneys be-
longing thereto, so as not to interfere with the elevation,
constiuction, and use of said bridge.
Then the act goes on and provides that it shall
be lawful for any other railroad company, whose
lines of road may now or shall hereafter be built
to the Ohio river, to construct bridges across that
river; but there is no provision requiring the offi-
cers and crews of boats and vessels to conform to
and regulate the use of their vessels and boats,
and of any pipes or chimneys belonging thereto,
so as not to interfere with the elevation, construc-
tion, and use of these other bridges which may be
constructed by virtue of this general clause in the
bill. Now, I wish to ask the honorable Senator,
who seems to have this bill m charge, why it is
provided, even if these sections are retained, that
boats and vessels should conform to the construc-
tion of the bridge in that particular instance, while
at the same time they should not likewise be re-
quired to conform their boats and vessels to the
construction of bridges under the general provis-
ions of this bill.
I think we had better dispense with the first two
sections entirely, and let the bridge at Steuben-
ville, as well as the other bridges, be constructed
under the general provisions of the bill, and let
|j this special provision, which is now made applica-
|i hie to the bridge at Steubenville, be made apphea-
|! ble to all the bridges by some general provision.
!! Mr. WADE. 1 have not noticed that that pro-
vision of this lull did not apply to all the bridges
i that were lo be consti noted. I supposed the pro-
II vision was I lie same as to all.
