1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILLEY. It does not seem to me to be
so. It only apphes to that special bridge.
Mr. WADE. There are two kinds of bridges
provided for in the bill. One is a bridge that is
ninety feet above the low water, and that of course
will be built with piers that are as far apart as this,
probably further, but they must be as far as this;
and the other is a draw-bridge, which need not
be more than fifty feet above high water; but I
believe these provisions are applicable to all the
bridges that shall be built under this bill. I sup-
posed so. If not, they ought to be made applicable
to them all. 1 am not contending for anything
different in one bridge from the others.
Mr. WILLEY. The provision in regard to
drawbridges is applicable to them all, but the par-
ticularity of the case is that here is a special pro-
vision confined, in express terms, to the officers
and crews of vessels and boats navigating the
river under the bridge at Steubenville, Ohio; and
it does not seem to be applicable to any other
bridges which may be constructed under this act.
Mr. WADE. I am willing that it should be so
modified as to apply to all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it does apply to all.
The next section, 1 think, provides for it distinctly.
Mr. WADE. I supposed it did apply to all;
but if it does not, it ought to be so amended. That
is all 1 have to say about it.
Mr, WILLEY. I think it is very doubtful
whether the next section applies to it. I suggest
to the honorable Senators from Ohio whether it
would not be just as well to dispense with the
first two sections, and then all that would be ne-
cessary to do would be to strike out the word
" other" in the second line of the third section,
and the general provisions of the bill would apply
to all bridges hereafter constructed by virtue of
this general charter.
Mr. WADE. That is on the Ohio river.
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. Certainly I have no objection to
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, which is to strike
out the proviso in the fust section and insert cer-
tain words in lieu of it.
Mr. WILLEY. My motion is to amend that
amendment by striking out the first two sections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion is
not now in order. A motion to strike out is not in
order until the question has been taken on the in-
sertion of words proposed to be inserted. The
sections must be perfected before a motion to
strike them out will be in order. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand this motion is to
require the span to be three hundred feet wide in-
stead of two hundred and seventy.
Mr. COWAN. No; two hundred.
Mr. SHERMAN. Two hundred and seventy
is agreed upon.
Mr. COWAN. That is what I understand the
Senator from Ohio is willing to give; but I want
to get three hundred if I can.
Mr. GRIMES. This question seems to have
been argued here before us as though it related to
only one bridge, that at Steubenville, although the
Senator from"Ohio [Mr. Sherman] stated that it
was necessary that there should be three bridges
across the Ohio river, and he seemed to think that
was all that would be necessary. Now I appre-
hend that under this bill there wij.1 be built—
certainly there may be built—a dozen or fifteen
bridges.
Mr. SHERMAN. As nearly as I know, there
are but three charters authorizing the construction
of bridges.
Mr. GRIMES. In the State of Ohio?
Mr. SHERMAN. In the State of Ohio. There
are railroads meeting on opposite sides of this l iver
that, if the States authorize it, can build bridges
under this act. For instance, the Stale of Ken-
tucky and the State of Ohio, and so the State of
Indiana and the State of Kentucky, have roads
meeting on the Ohio river; but unless the States
of which the Ohio river is the border authorize the
construction of a bridge, I do not think it can be
constructed under this act.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not suppose it could; but
I do not suppose that we aie going to confer any
authority upon anybody to build a bridge cxccpt
that we are going to give some corporation a fran-
chise, a right to build abridge across the river under
some charter that they have derived from some
State; but we are going to scatter them broadcast
along the Ohio river. There are hardly twenty
miles from the mouth of the river up to Pittsburg,
certainly not fifty miles, in which there are not
railroads coming together or approaching each
other on each side. At Cairo, Evansville—I can-
not enumerate all the points—New Albany, Louis-
ville, Madison, Cincinnati, Parkersburg, Mari-
etta, Steubenville, Wheeling, and Pittsburg; and I
presume I have not enumerated half of them. A
great many States outside of those States that
border on the Ohio are very deeply interested in
the navigation of that stream, and I for one am
not disposed to throw any obstacle in the way of
a complete and uninterrupted navigation of the
stream.
It may be that the experts who have been be-
fore the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads are of the opinion that two hundred and sev-
enty feet is ample span for a bridge on the upper
Ohio; but it must be remembered that the boats
that run between Cincinnati and Pittsburg, navi-
gating that portion of the river, are of an alto-
gether different description from those that run
between the mouth of the Ohio river and Louis-
ville and Cincinnati. Now, the question is, were
thecommittee satisfied, from the investigation they
made, that a span of two hundred and seventy feet
is amply sufficient for the passage of the boats that
navigate that part of the Ohio river ? Wo have no
information of that kind before us. The Senator
from Ohio, who has charge of the bill, has not in-
formed us on that point; and until we are informed
on it, I am not disposed to vote against this amend-
ment which will limit the capacity of the span to
two hundred and seventy feet.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator pleases, the
difficulty does not seem to be in regard to the nav-
gation by steamboats, but by rafts, so far as the
width is concerned.
Mr. GRIMES. That is one of the objections
raised by the Senator from Pennsylvania; but I
am looking to the navigation by steamboats. I
have had some little observation on that subject,
growing out of the fact that there is a bridge
across the Mississippi river, one hundred miles
north of where I live, and it is a well-known fact
that, when you put piers in the river, you increase
the velocity of the current between those pieis,
and it is with a great deal of difficulty that the
pilots are able to control their boats as they come
within that current, which is greatly accelerated
in its speed by the lessening of the channel in con-
sequence of the pieis being put there; so that in
making your piers, you have to make them a great
deal wider than the width of the boat, or the boat
will be very apt—not using a nautical expression
—to flop around and destroy itself oil the edge of
one of the abutments.
Mi.TENEYCK. We are about to take a
vote Oil the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, or I trust we are; but before that vote
is taken, 1 desire to ask a question from either the
Senator from Ohio or the Senator from Pennsyl-
nia for information, so that I may be able to vote
undeistandingly. I should like to know whether
it is practicable to extend the width of this space
to three hundred feet, so that it will be safe for
railroad purposes. It seems the original propo-
sinon was to have the span two hundred feet. I
understand now it is agreed upon ail hands that it
may bo extended to two hundred and seventy feet.
May it not be extended with perfect safety to
three hundred feet? And in the next place, I
want to know what will be the increased expense
of widening the span thirty additional feet.
Mi. WADE. When we had the bill before the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
we agieed to report in favor of it, it was with a
provision fixing the distance between the spans at
two hundred feet. That was thought to be enough.
I will say to the Senator from Iowa that we con-
templated the whole river. The bill took the
scope of the whole river, and so did our investi-
gations, as I understood. The committee inquired
as to the river both above and below this point.
Perhaps their inquiries were directed more espe-
cially to this bridge which was in process of con-
struction at SteubenviHc; but still the committee
considered the condition of the whole river, and
agreed to repoit the bill as it passed the House of
Representatives—applying to the whole river. I
supposed the bill would pass by the consent of the
Senate at once; and I supposed so, because I saw
that there was no opposition to it in the House of
Representatives. The members ofthc House from
the States on the river were consulted in regard to
it. I do not know that the members from Penn-
sylvania were, but they could not have been una-
ware that the bill was here. I presumed they took
no particular interest in it at the time, and did not
suppose there was anything detrimental in it; but
we had before us gentlemen from Pittsburg who
navigate the river, and they thought it would be
safe to report the bill, and that they could see no
harm in it even with the provision putting the
draw at two hundred feet. As to the wideningof
the draw, I have understood from several gentle-
men whom I have consulted about it that two hun-
dred and seventy feet is the extent that the width
of the draw can be made, consistent with the
strength of a railroad bridge. They believe that
if you widen the span beyond that, it will be
exceedingly difficult to make the bridge strong
enough to bear the weight which will be imposed
upon it. They do not seem to know any way in
which the draw can bo made wider with safety to
the railroad trains. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania does not agree with them; but they think
that if you make the draw threehundred feet you
weaken it so that it will not answer for railroad
purp'dses. That I know is their opinion. Being
no mechanic myself, having no experience on this
subject, I take the word of these gentlemen in
regard to it to be true.
i am willing to go to the extreme width that you
can have this draw and have it reasonably safe.
Although the steamboat navigatois and those ac-
quainted with the river say there is no obstruction
if this bridge has a draw of two hundred feet, still
I would humor the other interests to the extent
that I could go consistent with the safety of the
transportation. I supposed we had gone to the
extreme length, and that is my judgment now,
founded on the best inquiries 1 could make, and
therefore I am strenuous about this bill as it is. This
is rather a back-handed way of coming at it, be-
cause the Senator did not permit me to offer my
amendments first. He now has moved an amend-
ment to make the span three hundred feet. If we
agree to that, there is the end of it, and wo prob-
ably have destroyed the bridge. If 1 am right, the
bridge will be utterly destroyed if his amendment
prevails. Then comes the compromise of all the
interests; what they agreed upon as satisfactory
to the navigators and everybody else.
While I am up I will say, in answer to the ar-
gument which the Senator from Pennsylvania last
made with regard to those worthy men who get
their living by lumbering, that no genileman lias
more respect for that class of men than I have. I
ought to have, for, if the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has spent some of his time in that kind of
business, I believe I beat him greatly in that; and
I should be false to those with whom my life has
been associated, if I were to depart from their in-
terests now. But, sir, I did not like to hear a
till eat which was made in tiie Senate by that gen-
tleman twice over to influence our votes. I thought
it was entirely out of place. I allude to his threat
that these strong-armed, worthy men would go
down there and destroy this bridge in the face of
the law. His association with this class of men
has been very different from mine if he forms such
an estimate of them. Allofthem that I know are
a law-abiding people. They will represent their
injuries, if they have any to be redressed, to the
proper tnbuual,and appeal to the law, and if they
appeal to me they will not appeal in vain if they
can show that they have been injured.
Eut, Mr. President, the Senator's arguments
are a little inconsistent. When he was up before
he argued that the consumers of lumber and coal
were the men who would suffer by it, and that the
constituents of my colleague and myself were in-
terested quite as much,if notmore, than hisown.
That argument was true. It will not touch the
lumbermen, even if it should obstruct your navi-
gation. Your worthy. haidy yeoman, who is de-
fending the country in the field, and whom I honor
as much as the Senator docs, is not to be touched by
this bill, even if hts argument were true and it ob-.
structed the navigation: because, if the navigation
is obstructed, the men who purchase the J umber
and themenwhoburnthecoalarethemen who will
