1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask the Senator from
NewYoik whether the bill, in his judgment, makes
any change in the existing law in regard to the sit-
ting in one district by ajudge of another district?
Mr. HARRIS. I suppose not.
Mr. FOSTER. It makes no change in the ex-
isting laws on that subject?
Mr. HARRIS. I am sure it does not.
Mr. FOSTER. I am not aware of any objec-
tion to the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed
Mr. HARRIS. The title should be amended
so as to read: " A bill in relation to district judges
of the United States."
The title was so amended.
CAVALRY ORGANIZATION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 move to
take up the bill for the better organization of the
cavalry forces. We nearly finished it the other
day, and I think we can dispose of it in a few
minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 153) for the better organ-
ization of the cavalry forces was resumed as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I understand
an amendment is pending which was presented by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.]
I propose, after consultation with the War Office,
to move an amendment to reach the object intended
by the Senator from Wisconsin, and my amend-
ment will be in the form of an additional section:
Jiiul be if further enacted, That the officers and enlisted
men necessarily discharged from servico by tliis act sliaJl,
ill addition to the allowances granted by existing laws, re-
ceive each three months' extra pay.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw my amend-
ment, and will consent that this amendment of the
Military Committee shall be adopted, as it accom-
plishes all I desired.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know whether
the Senator from Massachusetts intends that his
amendment shall cover pay and allowances, com-
mutation for rations, quarters, forage, &c., or only
the pay proper ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The pay.
Mr. GRIMES. Ifitineludes all the allowances,
it will amount, for a lieutenant, to about three hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I understand
it to mean simply the pay without the allowances.
Mr. CLARK. It is better not to leave any
question about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Say " pay proper."
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. Very well;
let it be so modified.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I propose
to add, as an additional section:
«5 nd be it further enacted, That all officers of cavalry, who
have been, or may hereafter ho, appointed in the volunteer
forces in the service of the United States, shall be examined
by a boaid of" officers, to be appointed by the Secietary of
War, who shall be familiar with the tactics and organiza-
tion of the mounted or cavalry service of the United States
Army.
The object is simply, in making this consolida-
tion, that there shall be a board to pass upon the
officers, so that we may select the best officers
possible The provision is general in its terms,
and is supposed to be all that is necessary to be
done.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Military Committee, as
amended, was agreed to, us follows, viz.: strike
out oil of the original bill after the enacting clause,
and in lieu thereof insert:
That the cavalry forces in the service of the United States
shall hereafter be organized as follows: each regiment of
cavalry shall have one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, three
majoia, one Mirgeon, one assistant surgeon, one regimental
adjutant, one regimental quartermaster, one regimental
commissary, one veterinary surgeon, whose compensation
shall be scventy-tive dollars per month, with the rank of a
regimental sergeant majoi, one sergeant major, one quar-
termaster sergeant, one commissary seigeant, two hospital
stewauh, one saddler sergeant, one veterinary seigeant, one
chief trumpeter, and one chiel farrier or blacksmith ; and
eacii regiment shall consist of twelve companies or troops,
and each company or troop shall have one captain, one first
lieutenant, one second lieutenant, and one acting or supei-
uumeiaiy second lieutenant, to be selected Horn the non-
commissioned officers of the respective regiments, one firat
sergeant, one quauei master sergeant, one commissary ser-
geant, five sergeants, eight coiporals, two teamsters, two
farrieis or blacksmiths* one saddler, one wagoner, and
seventy-eight privates; the regimental adjutants, the regi-
mental quartermasters, and regimental commissaries to be
taken from the first lieutenants of their respective regi-
ments, but in which they shall continue in the line of pro-
motion: Provided, That vacancies caused by this organi-
zation shall not be considered as original, but shall be filled
by regular promotion.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, under such regulations as he may establish, to
reduce, by transfer, dischaige, or otherwise, the volunteer
cavalry forces now in the service, to forty regiments, each
of which regiments to be organized as provided for by this
act.
Sec. 3. *dnd be it further enacted, That the officers and
enlisted men necessarily discharged from service by this
act, shall, in addition to the allowance granted by existing
laws, receive each three months' extra pay proper.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all officers of cav-
aliy who have been or may hereafter be appointed in the
volunteer forces in the service of the United States shall be
examined by a board of officers, to be appointed by the Sec-
retary of Wnr, who shall be familiar with the tactics and
organization of the mounted or cavalry service of the Uni-
ted States Aimy.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred m.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe I offered an amend-
ment the other day to this bill, which I should
like to have read and acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment of the Senator 'from Maine on the
table, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert at the end of the second section the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That in reducing said regiments to the number
prescribed in this act, reference shall be had to the Federal
population of the States in which said regiments have been
raised, so as to give to each State its proportion as near as
may be.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon some consultation with
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, I am induced to withdraw the amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
INCREASE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order for that hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 104) fixing the number of members of the
House of Representatives, from and after the 1st
day of March, 1861.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was made a special
order at my request. There are several gentle-
men whose States are interested in this question,
like the SenatorfromRhode Island [Mr. Simmons]
and the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,]
who are absent, and I desire, therefore, that this
bill be made the special order for Wednesday next
at one o'clock. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER There is a necessity for an
executive session of about five minutes. I am
sorry to be obliged to make the motion at this
time. I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after three hours
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 19, 1862".
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMPENSATION OF OFFICERS AT NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in response to the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of January
31, 1862, calling for a statement of the salaries,
fees, and perquisites received by the late and pres-
ent collectors, naval officers, and surveyors of the
port of New York; which was laid on the table,
and ordeied to be printed.
DISCONTINUANCE OF POSTAL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post-
master General, in compliance with the act of
February 28,1861, authorizing the discontinuance
of the postal service in certain cases; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ARRANGEMENTS FOB SATURDAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE. For the purpose of car-
rying out the arrangements under the joint resolu-
tionof theSenate,whichhas passed both Houses,
providing for certain proceedings on the 22d of
February, I ask the consent of the House to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That for the 22d instant seats in the HalJ be so
arranged under the direction of the Speaker as to provide
seats for the Senators and all invited guests, and if the space
in the Hall will admit ot it, for the families of Senators and
members.
Resolved, That the Speaker, at the close of the exercises
provided for on that occasion, declare the House adjourned.
There being no objection, the resolutions were
received and agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
voteby which the House agreed to the resolutions;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee on the Pa-
cific railroad have instructed me to offer the follow-
ing resolutions for inquiry, to which I hope there
will be no objection:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby requested
to furnish the House of Representatives with a statement
showing the cost to the Government for transportation per
annum for the last five years, by steam or otherwise, for
troops and supplies betweeu the Mississippi river and the
Pacific coast, as well as intermediate points.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby re-
quested to furnish the House of Representatives with a state-
ment showing the average cost of transportation of naval
supplies, munitions of war, &c., for the last five years, from
the eastern and Gulf ports of the United States to the Pacific
coast.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State is hereby requested
to furnish the House of Representatives with the last an-
nual report of the Governor of Colorado Territory, and
accompanying documents, if not incompatible with the
service of the Department of State.
There being no objection, the resolutions were
received and adopted.
MISSOURI RAILROADS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill supplemental to an act grant-
ing the right of way to the State of Missouri and
a portion of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
IMPORTS, ETC.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to amend an act entitled " An act supple-
mental to and to amend an act regulating the du-
ties upon imports and tonnage, passed 2d March,
1799, and for other purposes," approved March
1, 1823; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee otr Commerce.
COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary a
bill to amend the thirtieth section of an act entitled
" An act to establish the judicial courts of the Uni-
ted States," approved September 24, 1789, in re-
lation to taking depositions; which was ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
INDIAN AGENCY.
Mr. BENNET, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety and necessity of cre-
atingan Indian agency for the Grand River and Unitah bands
of the Ute Indians in Colorado Territory.
Mr. BENNET also, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the legality and propriety of legalizing all con-
summated litigations under the miners' and place courts in
Coloiado Tern to ry which were had and done therein prior
to the organization of said Territory by act of Congress,
February 528, 1861.
Z. B. CAVERLY.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to report from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and put upon its passage a bill for the re-
lief of Z. B. Caverly, late secretary of legation at
Lima. I will state in one moment the reason on
