1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
Laws of the United States.
37x11'COXG....2D SESS.
such manufacturer or maker forfeiting for every
refusal or neglect to make such declaration one
hundred dollars; and if any such manufacturer or
maker, or his chief workman, agent, or superin-
tendent, shall make any false or untrue declara-
tion,such manufacturer or maker, or chief work-
man, agent, or superintendent, making the same,
shall forfeit five hundred dollars.
Schedule B.
Stamp Duties.
Agreement or contract, other than those speci-
fied in this schedule; any appraisement of value
or damage, or for any other purpose; for every
sheet or piece of paper upon which either of the
same shall be written, five cents.
Bank check, draft, or order for the payment of
any sum of money exceeding twenty dollars,
drawn upon any bank, trust company, or any
person or persons, companies, or corporations,
at sight or on demand, two cents.
Bill of exchange, (inland,) draft, or order for
the payment of any sum of money exceeding
twenty and not exceeding one hundred dollars,
otherwise than at sight or on demand, or any
promissory note except bank notes issued for cir-
culation, for a sum exceeding twenty and not ex-
ceeding one hundred dollars, five cents.
Exceeding one hundred dollars and not exceed-
ing two hundred dollars, ten cents.
Exceeding two hundred dollars and notexceed-
ing three hundred and fifty dollars, fifteen cents.
Exceeding three hundred and fifty dollars and
not exceeding five hundred dollars, twenty cents.
Exceeding five hundred dollars and not ex-
ceeding seven hundred and fifty dollars, thirty
cents.
Exceeding seven hundred and fifty dollars and
not exceeding one thousand dollars, forty cents.
Exceeding one thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding fifteen hundred dollars, sixty cents.
Exceeding fifteen hundred dollars and not ex-
ceeding twenty-five hundred dollars, one dollar.
Exceeding twenty-five hundred dollars and not
exceeding five thousand dollars, one dollar and
fifty cents.
And for every twenty-five hundred dollars, or
part of twenty-five hundred dollars in excess of
five thousand dollars, one dollar.
Bill of exchange (foreign) or letter of credit,
drawn in but payable out of the United States, if
drawn singly, or otherwise than in a set of three
or more, according to the custom of merchants
and bankers, shalf pay the same rates of duty as
inland bills of exchange or promissory notes.
If drawn in sets of three or more: for every bill
of each set, where the sum made payable shall not
exceed one hundred and fifty dollars, or the equiv-
alent thereof, in any foreign currency in which
such bills may be expressed, according to the
standard of value fixed by the United States, three
Above one hundred and fifty dollars and not
above two hundred and fifty dollars, five cents.
Above two hundred and fifty dollars and not
above five hundred dollars, ten cents.
Above five hundred dollars and not above one
thousand dollars, fifteen cents.
Above one thousand dollars and not above one
thousand five hundred dollars, twenty cents.
Above one thousand five hundred dollars and
not above two thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars, thirty cents.
Above two thousand two hundred and fifty dol-
lars and not above three thousand five hundred
dollars, fifty cents.
Above three thousand five hundred dollars and
not above five thousand dollars, seventy cents.
Above five thousand dollars and not above seven
thousand five hundred dollars, one dollar.
And for every two thousand five hundred dol-
lars, or part thereof, in excess of seven thousand
five hundred dollars, thirty cents.
Bill of lading or receipt, (other than charter-
la party,) for any goods, merchandise, or effects, to
be exported from a port or place in the United
* States to any foreign port or place, ten cents.
Express;
For every receipt or stamp issued, or issued by
any express company,or carrier, or person whose
occupation itis to actas such, forall boxes, bales,
packages, articles, er bundles,for the transporta-
tion of which such company, carrier, or person,
shall receive a compensation of not over twenty-
five cents, one cent.
When such compensation exceeds the sum of
twenty-five cents, and not over one dollar, two
cents.
When one or more packages are sent to the
same address at the same time, and the compen-
sation therefor exceeds one dollar, five cents.
Bond:
For indemnifying any person who shall have
become bound or engaged as surety for the pay-
ment of any sum of money, or for the due execu-
tion or performance of the duties of any office, and
to account f<jr money received by virtue thereof,
fifty cents.
Bond of any description other than such as may
be required in legal proceedings, and such as are
not otherwise charged in this schedule, twenty-
five cents.
Certificate of stock in any incorporated com-
pany, twenty-five cents.
Certificate of profits, or any certificate or mem-
orandum showing an interest in the property or
accumulations of any incorporated company, if
for a sum not less than ten dollars and not ex-
ceeding fifty dollars, ten cents.
For a sum exceeding fifty dollars, twenty-five
cents.
Certificate:
Any certificate of damage, or otherwise, and all
other certificates or documents issued by any port
warden, marina'surveyor, or other person acting
as such, twenty-five cents.
Certificate of deposit of any sum of money in
any bank or trust company, or with any banker
or person acting as such—
Ifforasum notexceeding one hundred dollars,
two cents.
For a sum exceeding one hundred dollars, five
cents.
Certificate of any other description than those
specified, ten cents.
Charter-party.
Contract or agreement for the charter of any
ship or vessel, or steamer, or any letter, memo-
randum, or other writing between the captain,
master, or owner, or person acting as agent of
any ship or vessel, or steamer, and any other per-
son or persons for or relating to the charter of
such ship or vessel or steamer, if the registered
tonnage of such ship or vessel, or steamer, does
not exceed three hundred tons, three dollars.
Exceed i rur three hundred tons and not exceed-
ing six hundred tons, five dollars.
Exceeding six hundred tons, ten dollars.
Contract:
Broker's note'or memorandum of sale of any
goods or merchandise, stocks, bonds, exchange,
notes of hand, real estate, or property of any kind
or description issued by brokers or persons act-
ing as such, ten cents.
Conveyance:
Deed, instrument, or writing, whereby any lands,
tenements, or other realty sold shall be granted,
assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed to,
or vested in, the purchaser or purchasers, or any
other person or persons by his, her, or their di-
rection, when the consideration or value exceeds
one hundred dollars and does not exceed five hun-
dred dollars, fifty cents.
When the consideration exceeds five hundred
dollars and does not exceed one thousand dollars,
one dollar.
Exceeding one- thousand dollars and notex-
ceeding two thousand five hundred dollars, two
dollars
Exceeding two thousand five thousand [hun-
dred] dollars and not exceeding five thousand dol-
lars, five dollars.
Exceeding five thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding ten thousand dollars, ten dollars.
Exceeding ten thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding twenty thousand dollars, twenty dollars.
And for every additional ten thousand dollars,
or fractional part thereof, in excess of twenty
thousand dollars, twenty dollars.
Dispatch, telegraphic:
Any dispatch or message, the charge for which
for tke first ten words does not exceed twenty
cents, one cent.
When the charge for the first ten words ex-
ceeds twenty cents, three cents.
Entry of any goods, wares, or merchandise at
any custom-house, either for consumption or ware-
housing, not exceeding one hundred dollars in
value, twenty-five cents.
Exceeding one hundred dollars and not ex-
ceeding five hundred dollars in value, fifty cents.
Exceeding five hundred dollars in value, one
dollar.
Entry for the withdrawal of any goods or mer-
chandise from bonded warehouse, fifty cents.
Insurance, (life:)
Policy of insurance, or other instrument by
whatever name the same shall be called, whereby
any insurance shall be made upon any life or
lives—
When the amount insured shall not exceed one
thousand dollars, twenty-five cents.
Exceeding one thousand and not exceeding five
thousand dollars, fifty cents.
Exceeding five thousand dollars, one dollar.
Insurance, (marine and inland:)
Each policy of insurance or other instrument,
by whatever name the same shall be called, by
which insurance shall be made or renewed, upon
property ofany description, whether against perils
by the sea or by fire, or other peril of any kind,
made by any insurance company, or its agents,
or by any other company or person, twenty-five
cents.
Lease, agreement, memorandum, or contract
for the hire, use, or rent of any land, tenement,
or portion thereof—
If for a period of time notexceeding three years,
fifty cents.
If for a period exceeding three years, one dol-
lar.
Manifest for custom-house entry or clearance
of the cargo of any ship, vessel, or steamer, for a
foreign port—
If the registered tonnage of such ship, vessel,
or steamer does not exceed three hundred tons,
one dollar.
Exceeding three hundred tons and not exceed-
ing six hundred tons, thiee dollars.
Exceeding six hundred tons, five dollars.
Mortgage of lands, estate, or propeity, real or
personal, heritable or movable whatsoever, where
the same shall be made as a security for the pay-
ment of any definite and certain sum of money lent
at the time, or previously due and owing or for-
borne to be paid, being payable; also any convey-
ance of any lands, estate, or property whatsoever,
in trust to be sold or otherwise converted into
money, which shall be intended only as security,
and shall be redeemable before the sale or other
disposal thereof, either by express stipulation or
otherwise; or any personal bond given as secu-
rity for the payment of any definite or certain sum
of money exceeding one hundred dollars and not
exceeding five hundred dollais, fifty cents.
Exceeding five hundred dollars and not exceed-
ing one thousand dollars, one dollar. t
Exceeding one thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding two thousand five hundred dollars, two
dollars. , „ , , , , „
Exceeding two thousand five hundred dollars
and not exceeding five thousand dollars, five dol-
^Exceeding five thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding ten thousand dollars, ten dollars.
Exceeding ten thousand dollars and not ex-
ceeding twenty thousand dollars, fifteen dollars.
And for every additional ten thousand dollars,
or fractional part thereof, m excess of twenty
thousand dollars, ton dollars.
Passage ticket, by any vessel from a port m the
United States to a foreign port, if less than thirty
dollars, fifty cents.
Exceeding thirty dollars, one dollar.
Power of attorney for the sale or transfer of any
stock, bonds, or scrip, or for the collection of any
dividends or interest thereon, twenty-five cents.
Power of attorney or proxy for voting at any
election for officers of any incorporated company
or society, except religious, charitable, or literary
societies, or public cemeteries, ten cents.
Power of attorney to receive or collect rent,
twenty-five cents.
Power of attorney to sell and convey real estate,
