878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
which the request is made. Mr. Caverly is lying
in this city very ill of consumption. He has no
means <5f leaving the city for a milder climate.
The Government owe him some nineteen hundred
and odd dollars. The claim is perfectly just.
No objection being made, the bill was reported.
The bill, which was read, directs that there be
paid the sum of $1,988 to Z. B. Caverly, late sec-
retary of legation at Lima, for his services and ex-
penses as special messenger from Lima to Wash-
ington in 1859-60-61, that being the amount of per
diemandexpensesof such messenger,afterdeduct-
ing therefrom his salary as secretary of legation.
Mr. HOLMAN. How does this bill come
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquired of the
House if there was any objection to its being in-
troduced, and he heard none.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill had not been read.
The SPEAKER. It was read by its title, when
the inquiry was made,
Rtj\ HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. P. A. CONKLTNG. I rise to a point of
order. It is that, under the rule, this bill must
be first considered in a Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. TheChairsustains the point
of order.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
E. II. BROOKE.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy Atlairs be re-
questpd to examine wheihei K. H. Utooke, chief clerk of
the Paymaster Geneial's olliee, should be allowed the pay
and allowance of an additional paymaster lor the time lie
has and maybe employed on the duties in which lie is
now engaged, and report totlns FIou^o.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message front the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the resolution of the Senate (No. 30)
providing a stenographer for the joint committee
on the conduct of the war.
Also, that the Senate had concurred in the res-
olution of the House, in reference to illuminating
the public buildings on Saturday evening next, in
honor of the recent victories obtained by the Army
and Navy of the Uniied States.
Also, that the Senate returned to the House of
Representatives the joint resolution of the House
(No. 37) in relation to certain railroads in the
State of Missouri, agreeably to a request contained
in the resolution of the House on the 17th instant.
ILLUMINATION.
Mr.TRAUNT, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill making an appropiiation to defray the ex-
penses of the illumination, which has been unan-
imously ordered by both Houses.
The bill, which was xvad, appropriates the sum
of$5,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
to enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
carry out the order of Congress for the illumina-
tion of the public buildings on the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid time.
Mr. TRAIN called for tellers on the passage of
the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Train and
Sherman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 24, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRAIN. I understand that some gentle-
men are willing to vote for §3,000 who are not
willing to vote for ^5,000. By unanimous consent
1 will modify the bill in that respect.
Mr. LOVEJOY. _ I desire to move to amend,
by inseiting $1,000 in place of any other sum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say that
no amendments are in order except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. W AS PI BUR NE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the lull whs ordered to be engrossed
and read a thud nine. 1 am willing to vote for
§1,000, but not for £>5,000. If the vote is recon-
sidered, we can then take a vote upon the amend-
ment suggested by my colleague.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I now move to amend by strik-
ing out 44 $5,000," and inserting " §3,000."
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$3,000," and inserting
"#1,000."
Mr. TRAIN. I have the floor; and I call the
previous question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether he had not
better withdraw his call for the previous question,
and allow my colleague to introduce his amend-
ment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw my mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. TRAIN. I withdraw my call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now move my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. TRAIN. I call the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is it in order to move to lay
the whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HICKMAN. I make that motion.
Mr. BLAKE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Asldey, Baker, Bingham, Blake,
William G. Brown, Buffinton, Chambeilin, Clark, Fred-
crick A. Conkling, Roscoc Oonkhng, Corning, Cutler,
Fisher, Frank, Ilarding, Harrison, Ilickman, Ilorton,
Ilutchins, Lansing, Loomis, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S.
Morrill, Noble, Noell, Potter, John H. Rice, Edward H.
Rollins, Shanks, Sheirnan, Shiel, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens, Trimble,Trowbridge, Van florn, Vibhard, Vooihees,
VVheelei, Albeit  ^. White, and Windoin—4^.
NAYri—Mcssis. Aldueh, Ancona, Arnold, Joseph Daily,
Heaman, Riddle, FiaucisP. Blair, Jacob B. Blair. Samuel
S. Blair, Calveit, Campbell, Clements, Cobb, Coliax, Con-
way, Covode, Coa, Ciittendun, Davis, Diven, Duell, Dun-
lap, Dunn, Edwards, English, Fenton, Fesscnden, Fran-
ehot, Gooch, Granger, Grider, Curley, Haicht, Ilale, Hall,
Iloltnan, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, William Kel!og«r, Kil-
hugcr, Knapp, Leary, Lehman, Lovejoy, McKnight, Mc-
Phei^on, Mallory, Marion, May, Maynard, Menzies,
Mitchell, Moothead, Norton, Nugen, Olm, Patton, Pen-
dleton, Pciry, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Price. Alexander II.
Rico, Robinson, James S Rollins, Sargent, Shellabargor,
Sloan, Smith, Spiiuldmg, John B. Steele, Stratton, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Train, Van Valkenburgh, Veiree, Wal-
lace, Wahhburne, Webster, Wlialcy, Wilson, Woodruff,
Woiccster, and Wright—86.
So the motion to lay on the table was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, being absent
when his name was called, by order of the House,
asked leave to vote.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, not being within
the bar when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
There was no objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, voted in the nega-
tive.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on the amendment to the
amendment submitted by Mr. Lovejoy ;and it was
agreed to; and then the amendment as amended
adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and lead a thiid tune; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled, bills and joint resolutions of
the following titles; when the 'Speaker signed the
same:
Joint resolution (S. No. 44) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain Samuel F. Dupont and
officer?, petty officers,seamen,and marines, under
his command, for the victory of Port Royal;
An act (H. R. No. 156) making appropriation
for the construction, preservation, and- repair of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending 30th of June, 1663, and ad-
ditional appropriations for the year ending 30th
of June,
An act (S. No. 141) making appropriations for
the signal service of the United States Army;
Joint resolution (8. No. 39) providing a stenog-
rapher for the joint committee appointed to in-
quire into the conduct of the war;
Joint resolution (S. No. 51) giving the thanks
of Congress to the officers, soldiers, and seamen
of the Army and Navy, for their gallantry in the
recent brilliant victories over the enemies of the
Union and Constitution;
Joint resolution (S.No.49) for the relief of the
loyal portion of the Creeks, Scminolcs, Chicka-
saws, and Choctaw Indians; and
An act (S. No. 112) to authorize a change of
appropriations for the payment of necessary ex-
penditures in the service of the United States for
Indian affairs.
WAR STATISTICS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report back from
the Committee on Military Affairs Senate joint
resolution No. 37, for the collection of war sta-
tistics. It is a joint resolution that it is desirable
to pass at this time.
There was no objection, and the joint resolu-
tion was received.
The resolution was then ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
LEAVE TO SIT DURING THE SESSIONS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave for the Com
mittee on Military Affairs to sit during the ses-
sions of the House.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered,
NEGRO QUESTION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to present a peti-
tion in open House. It asks this House to forego
the negro question, and to attend to the business
of the country.
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can present
the petition under the rules.
CHAPLAINS IN MILITARY HOSPITALS.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, a bill for the compensation of chap-
lains of military hospitals. They were appointed
by the President of the United States last summer,
and they have not yet received any compensation.
It is a report from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. I think that the bill had better
be printed before the House considers it.
Mr. DUNN. I will report the bill to the House,
and move that its further consideration be post-
poned until Friday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that it be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. DUNN. If it be referred to that commit-
tee, we will not be able to get it out of that com-
mittee during this session.
Mr. FENTON. I object to its consideration
at this time, because T understand that the loy-
alty of one of the persons named in the bill has
been questioned; and for the further reason that
it ought to be printed before we are asked to put
it on its passage. I object to it.
AGRICULTURAL INFORMATION.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whereas, it is of the first impoitance to the agricultural
interests of the United States to be possessed of the best
information which the science and skill of the country can
command, of the deteiioiation of the soils of the several
States from cultivation, and also of any remedies which
may be known to lessen or counteract such deterioration:
Theiefore,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Patents be requested
to procure, and report to Congress, analyses of the aiable
lands of she United States, showing the percentage ot piox-
miate oigame and inorganic fertilizing elements contained
in their cultivated depth ; also, the annual yield of the same
ciop, on the same soil, from the first to the latent cultiva-
tion; alio, the estimated amount of fertilizing mateiidl in
crops annually cxpoited from the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. That will cost §50,000, and I
object to it.
ADDITIONAL JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. DIVEN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report back from the Committee on
