1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§73
the Judiciary, House bill No. 233, to establish an
additional judicial district in the State of New
York, and m relation to the courts of the United
States in said State, and to have it ordered to be
printed, and then recommitted to the Committee
on the judiciary.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM Off TIIIS UNITED STATES.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report back fi;om the
Committee on the Judiciary, Senate bill No. 89,
to amend an act of the 3d of March, 1837, entitled
'"An act supplementary to an act en titled 'An act to
amend the judicial system of the United States,' "
thatit be ordered to be printed, and then tliatitbe
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection,and it was so ordered.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report back from the
Committee on the Judiciary House bill No. 226,
to amend an act to establish a court for the in-
vestigation of claims against the United States,
approved February 24, 1855, that the bill and
majority and minority reports be ordered to be
printed, and then that they be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
WILLIAM H. NOBLE.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to report back from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs Senate joint resolution
No. 45, for the relief of William H. Noble, and
to put it on its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object, unless the bill is
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
CAPTURE OP GENERAL PRICE.
Mr. WICKLIFFJ2. Mr. Speaker, I beg leave
to state that 1 have just come from the War De-
partment, where a dispatch has been received from
General I-IaUeck, stating that General Price and
all his staff iiad been captured. [Long-continued
applause.]
EXTENSION OF THE PENSION LAWS.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution extending the benefits of the existing pen-
sion laws to the officers and soldiers ei
suppressing the present insurrection.
Objection was made.
LOYALTY OF A MEMBER.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, which is contained in the resolution I send to
the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wheieas the flaltnnorc Clipper of this date contains the
following publication:
" Documents Found —During yesterday a police force
visited the office or'the South newspaper, and took po>«fb-
*ion of a number ot letters, wutten by Senators Bayard and
Saulsbury, of Dehivvme, and the uotoiiou^ Valiandig-
ham, of Ohio. The documents contain touching sentiments
of pooi bleeding Dixie, and vauotis suggestions how the
Yankees might be defeated:" Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be direct-
ed to inquire into the truth of the allegation therein made
against 0'. L. Vali.andigb.vm, a member of tins IIou*e; with
power to send tor persons aiul papers, and to examine wit-
nesses on oath or affirmation, and to make report tlicieon.
Mr. HICKMAN. Upon that resolution I call
the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdraw that, I know.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. VALLANDIGrHAM. Mr.Speaker, I was
just waitingfor an opportunity to call the attention
of the House to that statement myself, having re-
ceived it from some unknown source a moment
ago. 1 do not know, of course, what the motive just
now of the gentleman from Pennsylvania may be,
nor do I care. My purpose then was just what it is
now, to give a plain, direct,emphatic contradiction
—aflat denial to the infamous statement and insin-
uation contained in the newspaper paragraph just
read. I never wrote a letter or a line upon polit-
ical subjects, least of all on the question of seces-
sion, to'the Baltimore South, or to any other pa-
per, or to any man south of Mason and Dijon's
line since this i;evolt bf gan—never; and I defy the
production of it. It isfatse,infamous,scandalous;
and it is beyond endurance, too, that a man's rep-
utation shall be at the mercy of every scavenger
employed to visit the haunts of vice in a great city,
a mere local editor of an irresponsible newspaper,
who may choose to parade before the country
false and malicious libels like this. I avail myself
of this opportunity to say that I enter into no de-
fense, and shall enter into none, until some letter
shall be produced here which I have written, or
authorized to be written, referring to " bleeding
Dixie," or making any suggestion " how the Yan-
kees might be defeated." If any such arc in exist-
ence, I pronounce them here and now, utter and
impudent forgeries. I have said that I enter upon
no defense, i deny that it is the duty or the right
of any member to rise here and call for investi-
gation founded upon statements like this: and I
only regret that 1 did not have the opportunity
to denounce this report before the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary rose, and in this
formal manner called the attention of the House
to it—himself the accuser and the judge. Sir, I
have been for five years a member of this House,
and I never rose to a personal explanation but
once, and that to correct a report of the proceed-
ings of the House. I have always considered such
mere personal explanations and controversies with
the press, as unbecoming the dignity of the House.
Nevertheless, I did intend to make this the first
exception in my congressional career, and to
say—and I wish my words reported, not only
at the desk here officially, but in the gallery—
that I denounce in advance this foul arid infamous
statement, that I have been in treasonable, or even
suspicious correspondence with any one in that
State—loyal though it is to the Union—or in any
other Stat<*, or have ever uttered one sentiment in-
consistent with my duty, not only as a member of
this House, but as a citizen of the United States—
one who has taken a solemn oath to support the
Constitution, and who, thank God, has never
tainted that oath in thought, or word, or deed. I
have had the right, and have exercised it, and as
God iiveth and my soul liveth, and as lie is my
judge, I will exercise it still m this House, and
out of it, of vindicating the rights of the American
citizen; and beyond that I have never gone. My
sentiments will be found in the records of the
House, except as I have made them public other-
wise, and they will be found nowhere else. There,
sir,is theirsole repository. And foreseeing more
than a year ago, but especially m the early part of
December, 1860, the magnitude and true character
of the revolution orrebellion into which this eoun--
try was about to be plunged, I then resolved not
to write, although your own mails still carried
the lotteis, nor have I written, one solitary syl-
lable or line—as to the Gulf States months even
before secession began—to any one residing in a
seceded State. And yet the gentleman avails him-
self now of this paragraph, to give dignity and
importance to charges of the falsest and most in-
famous character. Had the letter been produced;
had the charge come in any tangible or authentic
shape; had any editor of any respectable newspa-
paper, even, mdoised the accusation and made it
specific, there might have been some apology; but
the gentleman knows well that this base insinua-
tion was placed in the local columns of an irre-
sponsible newspaper, put there by some person
who had never seen any such tetter. Sir, I meet
this first specific charge of disloyalty, made re-
sponsibly here—I meet it at the very threshold,
as becomes a man and a Representative—by an
emphatic but contemptuous denial. This is due
to the House; it is due to myself.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow me to make a single
! remark.
Mr. HICKMAN. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to
i hear nothing about disloyalty on this side of the
House while there is a class of members here upon
the other side of the House who have declared
that they will vote for no proposition to carry on
the war unless it is prosecuted in a particular line,
and for the abolition of slavery. They would sub-
veit tin- Constitution and the Government, and I
denounce them as traitors, and they ought to be
brought to trial, condemnation, and execution,
j Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, the motives
! which actuated me in introducing the resolution
i in question ought not to be doubted. The severe
; charge contained in the article in question is made
i against the gentleman from Ohio, a member of this
ii House. Even a suspicion, a mere suspicion,
would justify such an investigation as this reso-
lution contemplates.- But the gentleman from
Ohio, as" well as other members upon this floor,
knows that the suspicions which have existed
against him—I do not say whether justly or un-
justly—have been numerous, and m circulation
for a long time past. It is the duty of this House
to purge itself of unworthy members. , I do not
assert whether the gentleman from'Ohio occupies
properly or improperly his seat upon th'is floor.
By offering this resolution I do not prejudge "him.
If he were the most intimate friend I had on earth,
accused as the gentleman from Ohio is in the par-
agraph in question, 1 should deem it my solemn
duty to urge the investigation which is here sug-
gested. But, sir, this charge does not comc in a
very questionable shape. It appears as an ori-
ginakarticle in the Baltimore Clipper, and is there-
fore presumed to beeditorial,orat leastunderthe
supervision of the editor. It, to all appearances,
emanates from a responsible source.
But, sir, I suggest further, that the suppression
of the newspaper in question, the Baltimore South,
and the seizure of its office of publication, was
made under the direct authority of the Govern-
ment, and it is to be presumed that the effects of
the office are at this time in the custody of the
Government or of the agents of the Government,
and, therefore, the information communicated in
this paper must have come through the Govern-
ment or the agents of the Government. It is re-
sponsible in its origin, as far- as we can judge.
Now, sir, I refer the gentleman from Ohio, as my
answer to the suggestion that I was not justified
in offeringthis resolution under the circumstances,
to page 69 of the last edition of the Manual. The
first paragraph of section thirteen, headed "Ex-
amination of Witnesses," reads as follows:
"Common fame h a good ground for the House to pro-
ceecl !o inquiry.dm! oven tu accusation."
This, sir, is more than common fame. I repeat
that it is, so far as it appears, a direct-charge by
the editor of a responsible newspaper. The in-
formation comes, wo must believe, through the
Government or the agents of the Government,
and it is therefore more than common fame. It
is good ground at least for instituting an inquiry.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether hedoes not
know that this is a mere local item, and that the
author of it does not even pretend to have seen
the letters.
Mi. HICKMAN. I do not understand what
the gentleman means by saying that the author
of the paragraph lias not seen them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I say he does not
profess to have seen them, and I know that he
never did, for they never were written, do not now
exist, and never did exist.
Mr. HICKMAN. Who never saw them?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The author of that
paragraph in the local columns of this newspaper.
Mi. IIICKMAN. He never saw the letters?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. He does not pro-
fess, even, to have seen them.
Mr. HICKMAN. Whether it is a local item
or not, it is an oiiginal article in a responsible
newspaper, and is therefore presumed to have
been inserted under the direct supervision of the
editor, if not written by him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has alluded to suspicions ex-
isting heretofore. Now, I desire to know of him
whether he ever heard of any specific item on which
any such suspicions ever rested—anything other
than words spoken in this House or made public
over my own name?
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Wel!,letus have it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have heard a thousand.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Name a single one.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not desire to do any
injustice to the gentleman from Ohio.
'Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have asked the
gentleman, and I demand a direct answer to my
; question, whether he can specify one single item?
' Mr. HICKMAN. 1 will reply to it directly.
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. Or does the gen-
tleman mean merely the newspaper slanders that
have been published against me, and winch I
have denounced as false, over and over again, in
: cards and on the floor of this House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I know nothing about that,
sir. I know that suspicions may well exist, and
