2862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
him. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois goes further than it ought, for it
brings within the range of the bill every case where
the form of oath is not proscribed, in only one
case, I believe, is the form prescribed, and yet in
many cases the Constitution requires that the party
shall take an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States. I submit that, having taken
that oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, he would be entitled, if he were a Senator
or a Representative, to a seat either in the Senate
or the House of Representatives. It is notwithin
the constitutional competency of this body, or of
Congress, to say that he shall not be allowed to
take his seat as a Senator or a Representative, or
to enter upon the discharge of his judicial func-
tions, unless he takes something in addition to
what the Constitution prescribes.
But, sir, there are so many of these things pre-
sented here in the form of oaths and test oaths,
and I have objected to them so frequently that it
may seem rather ungracious and unbecoming to
interpose these objections; but really the public
good certainly cannot require such legislation as
this, and you will find if you adopt it, embarrass-
ment constantly meeting you in the future. All
this system of test oaths will at a future day be
regarded, I apprehend, as having arisen from an
imperfect consideration of the circumstances in
which we are placed, and as not dictated by sound
policy or sound reason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the old question over
again, and we have had the argument of the Senator
from Kentucky repeated as to the dueling law.
On a former occasion, when we had a discussion
as to the admission to a seat m this body of the
Senator from Oregon, I brought to the notice of
the Senate a judicial decision in the State of New
York, which is reported in the twentieth volume
of Johnson's reports; the case of Barker against
the People. It was first decided by the supreme
court of that State by Chief Justice Spencer, and
subsequently taken to the court of errors and the
judgment affirmed upon tins very question. I will
not occupy the time of the Senate by reading the
decision, but will only read the syllabus of the
case,which willshow what the pointdecided was:
"The act to suppress dueling, passed November 5,1810,
(sec. 40, chap. X,) which declares that any poi on con vie ted
of challenging another to fight a duel, &c., shall he incapa-
ble of holding or being elected to any post of profit, trust, or
emolument, civil or military, under this Slate, is constitu-
tional; and a conviction and judgment of disqualification
under it are, therefore, legal and valid."
That is the syllabus of the case; and the judge
delivered an opinion somewhat at length, in which
he showed conclusively that such a law was con-
stitutional; and so far as the court could decide the
question, the court of errors affirmed it. In the
same opinion the court said that if one of those
persons thus convicted were to be elected a mem-
ber of the Legislature of New Yoik, it would be
in the power of the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives of theState of New York, which, under
the constitution of that State, is vested with the
power of determining, each body for itself, as to
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members, to admit such person to a seat, notwith-
standing he had been convicted of this crime, winch,
by the statute, prohibited his holding any office.
The court said that because the exclusive author-
ity to judge upon that question is vested in the
two branches of the'Legislature; but,at the same
time, the court said that in all other cases where
the judicial power could reach, the law would be
enforced through the courts. The courts could not
enforce it upon the Legislature; and each branch
of the Legislature might violate what the courts
regarded as a constitutional law, if it thought proper
to do so; and so may this body. 1 agree with the
Senator from Kentucky that when a person who
has been disloyal to the Government, and who has
fought against it, presents himself here to be sworn
in as a member of this body, it would be in the
power of the body to receive him as a member
notwithstanding the law; but I do not think they
would doit; I think they would pay some respect
to this law.
Let me say to my friend from Kentucky, that
tlus^is not a law of the first impression. The stat-
ute-nooks of the United States have several such
laws upon them. It is now a law of Congress that
no judge who is convicted of bribery shall ever be
elected or appointed to or hold any office of honor,
trust, or profit under this Government. Suppose
that a judge who has been convicted of bribery
comes here and presents himself as a member, we
could receive him; but how many of us would do
it in the face of the law? Would the Senator from
Kentucky do it? In the face of a solemn act of
Congress, which declares that a man who has been
convicted in his judicial position of bribery and
corruption, shall never hold an office; would you
allow him to take a seat here? You would not,
though you could do so; you have the power to
do so.
The statute to which I have just alluded was
passed soon after the organization of the Govern-
ment; but there is another statute of more recent
date, which declares that any member of Congress
convicted of receiving a bribe in order to affect his
vote, shall never hold, any office under this Gov-
ernment. Would the Senator from Kentucky allow
such a man to come here—a member of Congress
who had been convicted of being bribed to give his
vote ? Would any of you sit with such a man or
allow him to take his seat here, in the face of the
act of Congress thatnosuch man should hold any
office? I do not believe you would. So in regard
to the case provided for in this bill. This bill de-
clares that a person who has voluntarily taken up
arms against this Government shall hold no office
of honor, trust, or profit under the Government,
or rather requires that he shall take an oath, before
he takes possession of the office or receives its
emoluments, that he has not taken up arms against
the Government. That is the substance of the
bill. We have excluded from it, or I propose to
do so by the amendment which I have offered,
all persons for whom the form of the oath of office
is prescribed in the Constitution. The form of
the oath is prescribed by the Constitution for the
President, and therefore it will not apply to
him.
1 promised the Senate when this bill was called
up that so far as I could it should not occupy tune,
I do not propose to reargue this question. It is
not a bill of first impression at all. There have
been such statutes passed from the early organ-
ization of the Government as to judicial officers,
and more recently as to members of Congress. 1
think Congress would respect the law and would
not admit a person to a seat as a member who
would not take the oath,just as the Senator from
Kentucky would not admita person as a membei
who had all.the qualifications, if he was a traitor
to the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. A single word. I remember the
case from New York. It was read by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois some weeks since in
the Senate; and if I recollect aright it establishes
this principle: that inability to hold an office may
be prescribed by the Legislature as a part of the
punishment of crime. 1 agree to that; but that does
not touch the question that is now under consid-
eiatien. The questionunder consideration is this:
when the Constitution has defined and enumer-
ated the qualifications for office, have the Congress
of the United States the power to add to those
qualifications? I say they neither can add to nor
subtract from them. The question decided by the
New Yoi k court, which was simply that a legis-
lative body may prescribe an inability to hold an
office as a part of the punishment of crime, does
not touch the question that is now under consid-
eration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senator from Illinois if
he will not let this bill go over till Monday. We
want to have a brief executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum here.
["Oh, no!"l
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that vote is taken I
tiust that, by general consent the Senate will
allow the bill I introduced yesterday to berefened
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING. I shall move an executive session,
and then the Senator from Ohio can have his bill
j referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill I intro-
duced yesterday, appropriating bounties for sol-
diers, may be read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr, KING. 1 move an executive session.
APPROPRIATION FOR VOLUNTEERS' BOUNTY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill referred to by him for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware that the bill
was before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I introduced it yesterday,
and it was laid over under the rules.
Mr. HOWE. I understood its introduction
was objected to yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. That only lays it over one
day. I trust the Senator will make no objection.
It will go to a committee of which we are both
members, and if he desires to amend it there, he
can do so. -
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to offer an ob-
jection to the introduction of this bill, nor to the
passage of it, nor to the reference of it, if the
Senator from Ohio who offers it here sees fit to
ask for a reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from Wisconsin that I ask the reference simply
to facilitate its passage, so that he and other Sen-
ators may have an opportunity to look at it.
Mr. KING. The bill should be referred. That
is very proper.
Mr. HOWE. Very well, sir; the motion then
is to refer the bill, is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to take it up. It requires the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take it up while another measure
is pending. If no objection be made, by common
consent the bill may be taken up. \
Mr. HOWE. I do not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill, then,
is before the Senate, and will have its first read-
ing.
The bill (S. No. 364) making appropriations for
the payment of the bounty authorized by the sixth
section of an act entitled " An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and piotecting public property," approved
July 22, 1861, and for other purposes was lead
the first and second times by its title by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. KING. I made a motion to go into exec-
utive session, and I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow us to do that.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from New
York will allow me a very few remarks on this
question of reference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I have the right to
insist on the bill regularly before the Senate being
acted on before we go into another subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill was
taken up by common consent, and is now before
the Senate on the motion to refer. It can only be
laid aside by general consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What has become of the
House bill No. 37].
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itwas laid aside
by common consent. The Chair asked if there
was any objection to taking up this bill, and it
was taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that displace the
other bill >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill being
taken up, it must be disposed of by the Senate. It
can only be disposed of by a vote, except by com-
mon consent.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will let this sro over.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin has nu objection to the reference, and he will
probably state his reasons in less time than has
already been consumed.
Mr. KING. I am willing to hear them.
Mr. HOWE. There is a motion to dispose of
this bill: and in view of what was said yesterday
in the Senate, 1 think I have a right to a few mo-
ments'indulgence of the Senate m offering a few
remarks upon it. I believe some half-inspired
moralist has made the remark that
"A little learning is a dangerous thing."
I am not aboutto controvert that proposition,but
I feel bound to say that from what little observation
I have had,a little learning is wot more than halfas
dangerous as too much learning. Some time since
a bill like this, as 1 understand, in its general
