1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
slaves, directly-or indirectly, let them pass a law
that the title to the slaves alone, or to all the prop-
erty of the rebels, if they choose to group their
property together, shall be forfeited, and shall vest
ia the loyal Union men who have been damaged
by the war. Would there be anything wrong: in
that ? Would there not be what is right and just
retribution in such a measure as that?
" But, oh," say gentlemen, " you want slavery
defended, you want slavery fortified by the law
and by the armies." No such thing. No gen-
tleman has asked for any such concession to
slavery as that. The Constitution recognizes the
property of slave owners in their slaves; there arc
repeated decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States to that effect, in the case of Prigg
vs. The State of Pennsylvania, Judge Story, all
the judges concurring, decided the principle that
if I am a slaveholder in the State of Kentucky and
my slave escapes and runs away to Ohio, and
the laws of Ohio abolish slavery and forbid the
reclamation of slaves, notwithstanding these laws
of Ohio, I have the right to pursue my slave, as I
have the right to pursue my horse, into the State
,ofOhio,ana there reclaim him and take him away
and return him to my residence, if I do not com-
mit a breach of the peace in the act. Have we not
been legislating in violation of that right—that
constitutional right guarantied by the charter of
our liberties, as expounded by Justice Story him-
self, and all the members of the Supreme Court,
and by Judge McLean in many decisions? They
have all sanctioned, sustained, and enforced that
principle; and yet the Congress of the United
States are engaged in passing laws, at the instance
of gentlemen here who prefer the abolition of sla-
very to the perpetuation of the Constitution and
the Union, to defeat that constitutional right of
each slaveholder which is recognized by the sol
emn decision of the Supreme Court. *
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Ken-
tucky point me to any act of this Senate in winch
such a principle as that is asserted ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am not aware of any such
act. I should like to hear it.
Mr, DAVIS. I refer to the law passed at this
session which added another to the articles of
war, to prevent a man who is in command of a
post from giving his consent to or acquiescing in
a slave owner going into the camp and reclaim-
ins: his slave.
Mr. HOWARD. Would my friend from Ken-
tucky allow such an act to be done if he had the
command of the forces?
Mr. DAVIS. I would.
Mr. HOWARD. Then you would not be a
commander of mine.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If my friend from Ken-
tucky will allow me a moment, I wish to suggest
to him that the Senate, by solemn vote, refused to
make it a like penal offense for an officer to entice
or decoy away from his loyal master a slave.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going to state an amend-
ment which I proposed, which was voted down
by the Senate. I proposed as an amendment to
that bill a provision which would subject the offi-
cer to the same penalty that the bill as it passed
subjects him to, if he should entice or secrete a
slave in his camp, and the Senate voted down that
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. That is very true; but cer-
tainly the Senator from Kentucky is not unaware
that the fugitive slave act of 1850 imposes very
severe penalties upon all persons who interfere to
prevent the reclamation of fugitive slaves; that is
to say, slaves who were such in a siaveholding
State, and who have (led, run away without the
consent of their master into some other State.
That is ihe kind of persons to whom the statute
.relates, and no other class of persons. Tlu-y
must be fugitives; they must be escaped slaves.
I must confess, if the Senator will allow me to say
so, that I am a little surprised at the greediness
for punishment in such cases which is evinced by
the Senator from Kentucky and others when they
demand that in addition to the severe, almost Dra-
conian, penaltiesirnposed by the fugitive slave act
of 1850, military officers who have nothing to do
with the execution of civil Uwsshall be punished
in addition to the penalties which are already im-
posed. What more do they want than the act of
1850?
Mr. DAVIS. All I asked was this, and I can
ask it upon principle and upon justice: that if a
military officer intervenes to prevent the owner of
a slave who has gone to his camp from retaking
that slave, he himself violates the fugitiye slave
law and is a proper subject for punishment.
Mr. WILKINSON. Suppose the claimant is
a rebel.
Mr. DAVIS. I am speaking of Union men.
The honorable Senator from Michigan touches the
very point of grievance. There are Union men of
this city, there are Union men of the neighboring
State of Maryland, who have gone to the Union
camps with proof to establish their right to their
fugitive slaves, and the commandcrs of those
camps have interposed to prevent them from seiz-
ing, much less removing, their slaves. Now, I say
it is the duty of a commandant on such an occa-
sion and under such circumstances to remain per-
fectly passive, entirely quiescent, to do nothing to
favor the reclamation of the slave or to prevent it.
Mr. HOWARD. My honorable friend will ex-
cuse me for interrupting him; but I merely desire
to put a question for information. He remarks
that eases have occurred in which the owneis of
slaves applying to military officers have been re-
pelled and driven out of camp. I desire to know
if in any of those cases the owner has taken out
regular process from a commissioner or a court,
such as is authorized by the fugitive slave act of
1850, for the purpose of reclaiming his slave by due
process of law? I desire to understand whether
the Senator knows of a single instance of that sort
where the process of a proper court has been re-
sisted or service of it prevented and denied by an
officer in the Union Army—a single ease in any
State.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not intend to say that any
of these owners of slaves had been driven from
any of the camps, but that they had been defeated
in their purpose to reclaim their property Now
I appeal to the honorable Senator from Michigan,
who is an able lawyer, if the Supreme Court have
not decided that a man, the owner of a slave, has
a right to go and take him wherever he finds him,
if he does it without a breach of the peace.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly, 1 will answer my
honorable friend from Kentucky, the Supreme
Court have so determined. It was not, however,
new in the Supicmo Court of the United States;
the principle did not originate there. The first
decision to that effect was in the supieme court
of the State of New York, near the close of the
last century, if my memory serves me. The prin-
ciple was there cieaily and distinctly laid down
that the owner had a right when the slave fled
from the State where he was held as such to an-
other, to put sue him there and reclaim and carry
him away if he c; 'uld do so without occasioning
a breach of the peace. Ceitainly that is the law.
Mr. DAVIS. The reason why I brought up
the authority of the Supreme Court of the United
States in favor of that position was that that is
the court of the highest authority overmuch sub-
jects in the nation, and the opinions rendered in
support of that principle were by two of the ablest
jurists that the nation ever produced, Justice Story
and Justice McLean.
And I stated this further position: that when the
owner of a slave presents himself in that state of
case, no officer has the right to make such resist-
ance as will amount to or bring about a breach of
the peace; his course and his duty is plain, and
that is to be perfectly passive, taking no part for
or against the attempt to reclaim the slave.
j| Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
li ask him a question ?
!! Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
ji Mr. GRIMES. Suppose the officer, in a state
I; of war, is satisfied that the attempt to take the
11 slave by his owner will occasion a breach of the
]| peace in his own camp, is he still constrained to
j; allow the owner to go m and take the slave away ?
]i Mr. DAVIS. Until a breach of the peace oc-
ij curs, he is.
jj Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Senator
1; to say, then, that the fugitive slave law, or that
j( this right to capture a slave, or to capture any
'■ other property, tor I suppose a slave stands in the
■j same category with any other property, overrides
: the military law, and that the officer in command
l! of the cimp must act in subordination to that right
!| of property ' Is that the Senatoi '.-5 position ?
|l Mr. DAVIS. My position is, that by the Cou-
;| stitution and the law, the owner of any property,
slave or horse, has the right to reclaim it where
ever he finds it, if he can do so without a breach
of the peace.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think I have allowed a pretty
wide latitude of questions already.
Mr. CLARK. I shall not ask the question if
the Senator is at all disinclined to yield.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will not yield any more, with-
out meaning any discourtesy to the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I am entirely willing to be de-
nied. I do not want to interrupt the honorable
Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. We have heard a great cry in
this Chamber, Mr. President, this morning, and it
is reiterated every .day, that slavery is the cause,
and the sole cause of this war. I deny it; I utterly
deny it. Mr. Yancey knows something about the
cause of the war. fie denies it. Because gentle-
men assume that slavery is the cause of the war,
they therefore say that to prevent future wars sla-
very must be destioyed. Let us examine a mo-
ment how that argument will operate. There is
the marriage institution, one of the most sacred
and holy and important for the good of society
that exists. How much of evil and crime is that
institution connected with ! How much of in-
continence, how much of crime of every grade
fand class is connected with the marriage institu-
tion ! Do gentlemen assume that because crime,
and horrid crime, connects itself with this holy
institution, therefore the institution is the cause
of all this crime, and must be abolished? Go to
gunpowder, and to warlike arms; how much of
crimc and bloodshed are they connected with!
Are they the cause of all the wars and all the blood
that flows through their instrumentality ? They
are connected with crime, and with a vast and in-
conceivable amount of human misery and woe.
Because they are made the agents of working out
so much misery and woe, are they to be con-
demned, and are they to be put down, abolished,
exterminated ?
What was the cause of the war of 1812? It
was the violation by England of the freedom of
the s<ms, and it was to vindicate free trade and
sailois5 rights" that our country went to war. If
we had had no ships and no commerce, there
would have been no war; we should have had no
occasion for war; we should have had no wrongs
on the ocean to redress by war—the last arbiter
of independent nations. Because the cupidity and
the dominating spirit of that haughty Power, Eng-
land, prompted her, in her struggle for national
existence with Bonaparte, to violate our rights
upon the ocean,upon the highway of nations,and
to impress our sailors, and by her orders in coun-
cil to condefnn our ships and order them into port
for condemnation and confiscation, therefore, ac-
cording to the argument of the gentleman, we
must abolish all those ships and all that com-
merce for the reason that those ships and that
commerce caused the war. WhatofChristianity?
What threw the Crusaders from Europe against
Asia under the lead of Peter the Hermit? What
caused the horrid massacre on the night of St.
Baitholomew, when ninety thousand people in
Spain and in France were assassinated in the name
of religion? What has caused more of wars, and
more of human crime, and human misery, and
the shedding of human blood than anything else
that exists or ever has existed in this world, than
disputes growing out of religion? If the amount
of blood that has been caused to flow in the sacred
name of religion could be collected together, it
would make a stream larger than the Potomac,
down which all our navy might float to the ocean.
Because religion has been abused, has been con-
nected with tin- bad and hellish passions of man,
and has caused war and misery and devastation
to be spread over the face of the civilized earth,
shall we therefore proscribe religion, and expel it
from the face of the earth, from civilized society?
No. Religion has been seized upon as a pretext
to inflame the passions of nations, and precipitate
them against each other in the shock of war, just
as slavery is now seized upon by the rebels, and
in no other sense.
Mr. President, if the free States would jast let
slavery alone in the slave States and not meddle
with it, it would never harm them. I have never
known of any pro-slavery man, or any citizen of
