1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2868
features, was referred to a committee of confer-
ence upon a disagreeing vote of the two Houses
upon, I think, two propositions in the bill. Iliad
the honor to be chairman of that committee on
the part of this House. I had the honor to make
a report some days afterwards recommending the
disposition to be made of those disagieeing votes,
and, as instructed by the committee, 1 recom-
mended on behalf of the committee an amendment
to the bill in a portion as to which there had been
no disagreement. The Senate was in a tumult at
once. It was said to be out of order. No Senator
raised the question of order upon the introduc-
tion, or the consideration of the report, but it was
treated and denounced asa gross innovation upon
all parliamentary law and usage. The committee
regarded it, and it was so presented to the Sen-
ate, as an amendment of the bill, made necessary
to harmonize it with a preexisting statute, and
as an amendment to which no Senatorcould have
the slightest objection; but it was assailed from
every direction. The Senator fiom Kentucky
[Mr. Powell] took the floor to move to recom-
mit that report to the committee of conference,
and but for a suggestion which Imade, and which
was seconded by an associate of mine upon the
committee, X really believe the Senate would have
voted to recommit that report to the committee
of conference—a body which at that time had
been dead longer than Lazarus was when Christ
first proposed to raise him from the giave.
Mr. DAVIS. And smelt. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Yes; if I might form an opinion
from the sea of up-turned noses about me, I should
be inclined to say that it was a body which smelt
about as bad as his was supposed to have smelt.
I tried to explain to the Senate as well as I could
that the committee claimed no authority under the
vote of this body or under the vote of the other
House to change the text of the bill in any por-
tion to which the two Houses had agreed; they
simply sought to recommend such a change, and
leave it to the two Houses whether they would
concur in that amendment or not.
As I said before, no member raised the question
of order; no one stated that it was out of order for
such an amendment to be proposed in that stage
of the bill; but a modification of the motion sub-
mitted by the Senator from Kentucky was pre-
sented, which was, not to agree to the amendment
recommended by the committee of conference, to
non-concur in the report, and to ask for another
conference. That motion could only be submitted
to a vote of the Senate; and that motion, I sub-
mit, presented to the Senate just the merits of the
amendment, and nothing but those merits. It did
not present the question of order.
If I or any other Senator had risen here and
proposed the identical amendment which was rec-
ommended by the committee of conference, either
it would have been adopted by the common con-
sent of the Senate, or some Senator would have
objected to it as out of ordtt*, and the Chair would
have ruled it out of order or in order. If he had
ruled it out of order, that would have been the end
of the motion, except upon an appeal taken to the
Senate. That course was not taken, but a motion
was submitted which called upon the Senate,which
compelled the Senate, to vote directly upon the
meritsof the amendment. That vote was taken by
yeas and nays, and the Senate by a decided ma-
jority voted down the amendment, voted not to
agree to the report, and to ask another conference.
That request was agreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives. The committee has been raised and
has reported. That report was presented yester-
day, and I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to that report, and to some remarks which
were submitted to the Senate accompanying it by
the chairman of the committee; and I call the at-
tention of the Senate to this as an illustration ot .
the remark with which I set out, that too much ,
learning is decidedly more dangerous than a little. ;
The Senate seemed to feel the necessity of hav- j
ing the amendment. If the Senate had given their ,
consent to the consideration ot that amendment ,
when recommended by the committee of conter- i
ence, it was in their [lower to do so, and they ;
would have had it, and you would have had a law :
just as you wanted it, long before tins time. That t
they could not do; but after all, relying upon get- ;
ting the unanimous consent of the Senate to just '
such a modification of the bill, the second com- i
miitee of conference adopted the method to which 1
I shall now call the attention of the Senate to come
at it. First, here is the report signed by the com-
mittee and presented to the Senate yesterday:
" The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
ot the two Houses to the bill (H. It. No. 4]3) making appio-
priations for the payment of the bounty authorized by the
sixth section of an act entitled 'An act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and
protecting public pioperty,' approved July 22,1861, and tor
other purposes, having met, utter full and free conference,
report that they are not able to agree upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses."
The chairman of the committee on the part of
the Senate, who presented the report, immediately
accompanied it with this statement:
" There was no difficulty between the two Houses upon
the disagieeing votes, but both Houses desired to correct
the text of the bill.''
So the evidence before the Senate stands in this
shape: the committee report in writing that they
cannot agree, and the Senator who presents the
report says, in his place, that they could agree
perfectly well. It is a question, then, upon the
balance of testimony, it seems to me, whether
they could or could not agree—the committee re-
porting that they could not agree upon the dis-
agreeing votes and the chairman informing the
Senate that they could agree upon them, but that
they wanted to amend the text of the bill; and to
amend the text of the bill, they adopt the expe-
dient of drafting and presenting here a new bill,
and thechairman of the committee appealed to the
Senate'for its unanimous consent to consider and
to pass that new bill—nottoadopta single amend-
ment, not to consent unanimously to a change of
a single clause, but to consent unanimously to a
new bill.
Now, sir, upon the strictest letter of any parlia-
mentary law that I ever heard of, the only rule
that was disregarded by the first committee of
conference which reported upon this subject was
that they proposed to amend a bill in a stage of
the proceedings when by your rules it is said an
amendment could not be made; but the second
committee of conference appeal to you to allow a
bill to be introduced without notice, to receive its
first, its second, and its third readings upon the
same day, almost ill the same instant of time,
when by your rules it could not be introduced
even without giving a day's notice; it could be
read only once on the same day. By your rules
it would have required one day's notice to intro-
duce it, one day to give it its first reading, an-
other day to give its second, and another at least
to give it its third reading; and yet you are asked
to consent to waive all those rules.
Now, 1 d > not find the slightest fault with this
bill; I do not offer the slightest objection to it;
and I should not have offered, and I do not to-day
offer, the slightest objection to waiving every one
of those rules, and giving to the bill the immediate
and present consideration of the Senate; because
I do not stand here to obstruct the public business
with any mere technicality. But there was a re-
maik made during the debate yesterday, by the
chairman of the committee of conference, which
1 did not think quite gracious. He assumed to
inform the former committee and to inform the
world of a fact of which I do not think the com-
mittee was aware before, and probably the world
was not, which was that the Senate had taken
upon itself to rebuke that committee of conference
for its attempt to evade the rules of the Senate, I
shall not go into the question how fai that was a
violation of established pailiamentary law. 1
content myself with saying now that when the
question is fully consideied and discussed, the law
will not be found nearly as well settled as was as-
sumed on the part ol many benators the other
day. I simply say now, that so far as I am aware
the committee did not intend to evade any rule of
the Senate. They meant no such thing. They
did not venture to recommend an amendmentex-
cept in a clause and in a particular to which they
supposed there would not be the slightest objec-
tion on the part of any member either of the
House of Representatives or of the Senate.
I may be allowed to state that while the com-
mittee did desire to make further amendments in
that bill, they deliberately refrained from doing so
because they anticipated that those furtner amend-
ments might be objectionable to some members of
the body" And while I was not aware of any
attempt on the part of the committee to evade the
iules of the Senate, 1 was not aware, allow me to
say, of any attempt or intent on the part .of the
Senate to rebuke the committee. 1 did ijot accept
their simple vote against this amendment as a re-
buke of that committee. If it were so meant, 1
wish simply to notify the Senate that if I were
composed of that doubly-damned material which
cannot suffer a wrong without doing one in return,
it would be quite as much in my power to rebuke
the Senate to-day as it was in their power to re-
buke the committee the other day. They could de-
feat the passage of that bill, and they did by voting
down this amendment; and I can delay the pas-
sage of this bill by simply standing upon the rules
of the Senate, and insisting upon their observance.
I do not see fit to do so. The Senate was asked
the other day by the first committee of conference
simply to give unanimous consent to an amend-
ment of a single clause in a bill to which it was
assumed no one had an objection. To-day the
Senate is challenged to give unanimous consent,
or was yesterday, to the adoption of a new hill
incorporating that feature, when the Senate, by a
deliberate vote, declared against the amendment,
for that was the effect of the vote of the Senate
the other day.
Now, Mr. President, I felt that I had a right to
say this much in vindication of the action of that
committee. I disclaim on its behalf any attempt
or any intent to evade the rules of the Senate, and
I disclaim allknowledge of an intent on the part
of thc Senate to rebuke the committee. I think
I had a right to say so much as this, and having
said this, I do not propose to offer the slightest
objection to the enactment of this bill into a law
at the earliest possible moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
refer this bill to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to say,
as I took part in the discussion the other day and
thought the report of the committee of confcicnce
ought not to be agreed to for reasons which I gave,
that certainly it never occurred to me that we were
administering any rebuke to anybody, and never
intended anything of the sort in the world. I
merely wished to preserve what I thought was
the proper order of business, in which I do not
profess to be infallible. I supposed I was right.
I thought that was not the proper way to do bus-
iness, and I think this is the better way. I can
only say, as 1 took some part in the discussion
and the Senator from Wisconsin looked at me
several times, that I certainly had no right to re-
buke the committee, and had no such intention.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly not. I distinctly said
I did not believe the Senate itself, or any Senator,
intended it as a rebuke.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will say that the remark
1 made was simply in reply to the observation of
the Senator from Connecticut, that this new com-
mittee had sought to evade the rules. I so under-
stood the remark, and in my reply to that remark
I certainly did not intend anything offensive to
them.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly did make the re-
mark, and I reiterate it, and the evidence before
the Senate now most entirely verifies the remark.
The second committee of conference, besides, in
the first place, saying in their report that what the
chairman of the committee says orally here is not
true, have gone on to report a bill in regard to a
subject-matter connected, it is true, with the bill
bcfoic them, but having no reference at all to the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and they
propose to lay the bill, in regard to which they
were asked to confer with the committee of the
House of Representatives and agree upon the
amendments if they could agree, on the table, and
kill the bill, and to introduce another bill in lieu
of it. That, I say, is clearly an evasion of the
rules of the Senate, so far as the action of com-
mittees of conference is concerned.
If the attempt by the committee of conference
of which the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] was chairman was an evasion of the
rule, because that committee recommended an al-
teiatjon of the text of a bill—if that is an evasion
of the rules, and in the opinion of the Senator
from Ohio called forand received the rebukeof the
Senate, I want to know what the Senate should
doin regard to a committee which makesadouble
report, a report in writing one way and an oral
report the other; which attempts, instead of rec-
onciling the differences between the two Houses
