THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1862.
New Series No. 56.
an organization shall have been effected for the pur-
pose of dragooning two thirds of this House into
an outrage upon the rights of one of the Repre-
sentatives of the people, which is without exam-
ple except in the worst of times. I meet it and
hurl it back defiantly here and now.
Why, sir, suppose that the course which the
member from Pennsylvania now proposes, had
been pursued in many cases which I could name in
years past; suppose that his had been the standard
of accusation, and irresponsible newspaper para-
graphs had been regarded as evidence of disloyalty
or want of attachment to the Constitution and the
Union, nay more, if a yet severer test had been
applied, what would have been the fate of some
members of this House, or of certain Senators at
the other end of the Capitol, in years past? What
punishment might not have been meted out to the
predecessor (Mr. Giddings) of my colleague on the
other side of the House? How long would he have
occupied a seat here? Where would the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] have been?
Where the other Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson?] Where the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale?] Where the three Sen-
ators, Mr. Seward, Mr. Chase, and Mr. Hale,
two of them now in the Cabinet and the other in
the Senate still, who in 1850, twelve years ago, on
the 11th of February, voted to receive, refer, print,
and consider a petition praying for the dissolution
of the Union of these States? Yet I am to be singled
outnow by these very men, or their minions, for
attack; and they who have waited and watched
and prayed, by day and by night, with the vigi-
lance of the hawk and the ferocity of the hyena,
from the beginning of this great revolt, that they
might catch some unguarded remark, some idle
word spoken, something written carelessly or
rashly, some secret thought graven yet upon the
lineaments of my face, which they might torture
into evidence of disloyalty, seize now upon the
foul and infectious gleanings of an anonymous
wretch who earns aprecarious subsistence by feed-
ing the local columns of a pestilent newspaper,
and while it is yet wet from the press, hurry it,
reeking with falsehood, into this House, and seek
to dignify it with an importance demanding the
consideration of the House and of the country.
Sir, let the member from Pennsylvania go on.
I challenge the inquiry, unworthy of notice as the
charge is, but I scorn the spirit and malice which
have provoked it. Let it go on.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir; I cannot give way
further.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a matter to which I
wish to call the special attention of the House, jn
connection with a statement of the gentleman from
Ohio. I desire to take no part in this discussion
between the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the
gentleman from Ohio, because I do not feel my-
self prepared to decide upon the merits of the ques-
tion involved in this resolution.
What I desire is, to refer to the charge of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the gentleman
from Ohio attended a barbecue held, as I under-
stand, m Owen county, Kentucky, on the 5th of
September last. The gentleman from Ohio replied
that he was invited to the barbecue, but denied j
that he attended it. He, however, remarked that
he was invited, on that occasion, by as loyal men
as ever trod the soil of that State.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman is
utterly mistaken. This is the first 1 have heard
of the meeting of the 5th of September in the county
of Owen, Kentucky. I spoke among other times
since, of different invitations also in 1860, from
the friends of Stephen A. Douglas, to address
Douglas assemblages m that State.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, whethei sus- !
picions may have been entertained against myself I
is a matter of no very gieat importance at the j
present moment to any person here; but if it will j
afford any great satisfaction to the gentleman from j
Ohio to recriminate upon me, I am willing to con- j
tribute, as far as possible, to the enjoyment wh'ich |
56
he may have in the admission that I have no doubt
thatmariy suspicions havebeen entertained against
me. But theie is one thing further that I have to
say. I have borne them in a different spirit from
that manifested by the gentleman. I have borne
them with Christum fortitude and resignation. I
have never yet been put in a position where I
thought proper to enter into a vindication of my-
self.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. You owed that to
Democratic forbearance.
Mr. HICKMAN. I did not interrupt the gen-
tleman from Ohio. I gave him a full hearing; and
I desire not to be interrupted further.
Yes, sir; I have borne them with patience, and,
perhaps, with long-suffering. Certain it is, that
I have never made them the subject of a public
complaint. Nor have I ever deemed it my duty
to arise in the House of Representatives of the
United States,at anytime, to impress anyportion
of the people here, or of the country, that I was
worthy of public trust or confidence. I am, there-
fore, if vindicated at all, vindicated by silence,
and not by speech. Nor would I have any man
vindicate me. Nor would I have any man to say
a word here in my behalf if an investigation were
proposed. Nor would I say anything myself
until the proper time came for me to answer. Nor
would I have answered prematurely, and in ad-
vance. However, it is a matter of taste; and it is
for the gentleman from Oiiio to decide for himself
as to his own course under such circumstances.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio has not
treated me graciously in this matter. I suggest
his conduct has been the reverse. I have made no
chargeagainst him of any kind,grave or light. I
have expressed 110 suspicion against him touching
his loyalty, or any other matter. Wl n examined, I
have answered as I should, and as I trust I always
shall, frankly and fairly. I have not filed speci-
fications voluntarily; and, except under the insti-
gation of the gentleman himself, I should have
rested upon what is embraced m the article copied
in the resolution. If more than that has been
developed, it is his own fault, and not mine;he has
no one to blame but himself. And if thefactgoes
to the country, as I think now that it must go,
that suspicions are rife and numerous and multi-
ply fiom day to day against his loyalty, let him
attribute that circumstance to his own imprudence,
rather than to any fault of mine. Why, sir, he
has proved more than I alleged. He himself ad-
mits, m the strongest language, that charges have
been made against him time and again. He does
not deny that he admits it; and he admits that as
soon as lie knew that the charges were made, lie
deemed it his duty to deny them. I did not in-
stitute charges against the gentleman from Ohio.
He says charges have been madeagainsthim time
and again, and that he has denied them, after call-
ing upon me to specify them. They now stand
in the record which he has made himself. They
are 110 part of any charge of mine. He called
upon me for specifications. I gave him such as
struck me at the moment. He went on and added
to them. He piled Pelion upon Ossa.
I say, in great frankness, that while I have no
unkindness to the gentleman, yet I have regarded
his speech of July, to which reference has been
made, as most disloyal in its character, and unbe-
coming the time and place alike. I believe that
such was the general sentiment of the loyal men
of this House. I know myself it was in consid-
eration at that time whether resolutions should
not be submitted to the House asking for the ex-
pulsion of the gentleman from Ohio. I have not
read that speech. I do not know that I ever shall
read it. I may, perhaps, in the distant future,
when this war is terminated, and when tieason
shall have received its due rewaid. I may, per-
haps, take it up as a cuuoMty of American litera-
ture.
As the gentleman has called upon me, I will
answer fuither. Docs he not know of a camp in
Kentucky having been called by his name—that
disloyal men there enlled their camp Camp Val-
landkrham? That would not indicate that in Ken-
tucky they regarded him as a man loyal to the
Federal Union.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is there not a tows
and it may be a camp, too, in Kentucky by the
name of Hickman? [Laughter.]
Mr. HICKMAN. Thank God, disloyal men
have never called one of their camps by my name.
There are a great many Hickmans in Kentucky,
but I have not the pleasure of their acquaintance.
I have heard of but one Vallandigham.
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. And there are a
great many Vallandinghams there, too.
Mr. HICKMAN. A rumor wasspread through
the newspapers that when the gentleman from
Oh to was visiting a camp in Virginia, the soldiers
required him to take leave upon the ground that
they suspected him of disloyalty. That was thpir
suspicion.
Mr. Speaker, I have not expressed any sus-
picion against the loyalty, the honesty, the integ-
rity, or veracity of the gentleman from Ohio. I
have expressed nothing of the kind. Then,again,
I remember that there was another charge made
against the gentleman from Ohio, and that was that
during last winter he stated that the independence
of the southern confederacy would be recognized
in three months. So, taking all these things to-
gether, the camp, the speech, the statement that
the southern confederacy would be recognized in
three months, and the fact of the great coincidence
of opinion with Mr. Burnett, as evinced by hia-
votes—a man now intheemploy of the traitors—
it is not astounding that suspicions were enter-
tained against the loyalty of the gentleman from
Ohio. I have not said that I ever entertained any.
Now, a word upon the resolution. I have sub-
mitted this resolution as a matter of justice to the
gentleman from Ohio, and I am astonished that
he has regarded it in the light of a charge against
him. If innocent of this charge standing against
him in the newspapers, what better opportunity
can be afforded to vindicate himself? Ought he
not to have asked the investigation himself? I
think that he should. It has been presented in 110
spirit of persecution. Ithas been done as a duty
which I believed devolved upon me as a member
of the Judiciary Committee. But the gentleman
from phio has expressed more loyal sentiments
to-day than I have heard him express since the
meeting of the present Congress. I am willing
that he should go before the country and stand
upon his protestation of devotion to the Union.
Devotion to the Union is all I ask. I withdraw
my resolution for the present. *
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order, which
is the Treasury note bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mallory m the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 240) to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States.
Mr. SPAULDING. I desire especially to op-
pose the amendments of the Senate which require
the interest on bonds and notes to be paid in coin
semi-annually, and which authorize the Secretary
of the Tieasury to sell six per cent, bonds at the
market price for com to pay the interest.
The Treasury note bill, as reported first from
the Committee of Ways and Means as a neces-
sary war measure, was simple and perspicuous
in its terms, and easily understood. It was so
plain that everybody could understand that it au-
thorized the issue of $159,000,000 of legal tender
demand notes to cueulate as a national currency
among the people in all parts of the United States,
and that they might, at anytime, be funded in six
per cent, twenty years bonds. The passage of
this measure m this House was hailed with satis-
faction by the great mass of people all over the
