1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1903
a slaveholding State, that wanted to force slavery
upon the tree States. They have never meddled
with the domestic institutions of the free States,
so far as I know. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts this morning adduced many cases
to show that slavery was aggressive and absorb-
ing. Who brought Louisiana with its slave pop-
ulation into the United States? It was brought in
with the common consent of the representatives
of free 'and slave States. Mr. Jefferson assumed,
in the first instance, that the United States could
not acquire foreign territory even by treaty, with-
out an amendment to the Constitution, and he rec-
ommended that such an amendment should be
made. I believe myself that he was right as to the
original design and purpose of the framers of the
Constitution. In 1817, when Florida was ac-
quired—another slave country—who introduced
it into the United States ? The treaty was nego-
tiated by John Q,uincy Adams; it was ratified by
Senators alike from slave and free States. Who
annexed Texas? It was annexed in the same
way, by the votes of free and slave State mem-
bers of the two Houses of Congress. If the mem-
bers from the free States had voted against that
measure, it never would have passed, and we
should have escaped the difficulties by which we
are now environed, I think. Who recognized the
war which Mr. Polk made upon Mexico, grow-
ing out of the annexation of Texas ? Who recog-
nized his war when he ordered General Taylor to
march the American army to Corpus Christi, a
portion of territory that had never been part of
Texas at all ? It was done by the common votes
of Senators and Representatives from free and
slave States. I voted against both these measures;
and if the members of the free States had voted
against them, neither of them would have ever
passed Congress. Who repealed the Mtssouii
compromise m 1854? If the members of the two
Houses of Congress from the free States had voted
against that measure, I believe, from my lecollec-
tion, it would not have passed. The gentlemen
are bringing up the sins ancfcshortcomings of the
Senators and Representatives from their own
States and are throwing them on this scape-goat—
slavery. It is the old cry of " bad dog," " mad
dog."
If the gentlemen and their constituency had
never brought slavery into Congress and into na-
tional politics, we should not now, in my opinion,
be involved in this war; but here is the Yankee
character; a great character, I admit; some feat-
ures of it I admire beyond measure; but it has its
weaknesses, like all other nationalities,and among
them is an immense amount of conceit and med-
dlesomeness. They think that they have more of
intellect than others; undoubtedly they have more
of inventive mind than any people on earth; and
they have developed mind in all its fields, and in
its highest regions, equal to any people upon
earth, ! admit; but they have prurience to man-
age other people's business; they are meddlers;
they think they are so smart that they cannot only
manage their own business well, but the business
of all the rest of the world besides; and, conse-
quently, they are continually poking their nose
into everybody's bucket of swill. [Laughter.]
What did you tell us, gentlemen, last summer?
You were in straits then. You all voted that you
did not intend to meddle with slavery in the States.
Now, whenever the slave States concede directly
or indirectly any power on the part of Congress
to abolish slavery in the States, they conceded the
whole question. The members of this House
stand pledged by as solemn an act as men ever per-
formed to that position; the President of the Uni-
ted States stands pledged to it; he stands pledged
to it by his correspondence on the part of his
Secretary of State addressed to our minister to
France, that is supposed to come under his super-
vision, and to be approved by him; and that cor-
respondence I have no doubt was used as an ar-
gument with the Emperor of the French against
the recognition of the confederate States. Are
men bound by their word? Are they bound by
their solemn and sacred pledges? Is there an in-
dividual, that is an honorable man and a private
gentleman, that would give such a pledge as this
body and the other bodym their aggregate char-
acters and as the President of the Umttd States
gave to the nation, and then stand up, in the face
of man and of the sun of heaven, and deliberately
violate that pledge? What was your asseveration
all the while? " Wc are not making war upon sla-
very; wc are not making war upon any of the in-
stitutions of the slave States; we are making war
upon the rebellion, upon the insurrection; and
whenever we subdue the insurrection and bring
the insurgents to obey the Constitution and the
laws, the war is to cease, for we have no other end
or purpose in waging it."
Mr. WILKINSON. The rebels made the war.
Mr. DAYIS. It is true they made the war,
and you are turning the war from them to sla-
very. Confine it to them, and I wiil go with you.
What was the question in the border States? We
had difficulty in holding them to their Union an-
chorage, and we did it upon the pledges of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives and
of Abraham Lincoln, the President of the United
States. We assumed that this was not a war
against slavery, and that if the United States tri-
umphed in the war they would make no attack
upon the domestic polity or the institutions of
any of the States. We believed you; we were
credulous enough to believe that what you said to
us was true. We took up your pledge; and that
pledge, upon the faith of your having made it sol-
emnly in your character of Senators and Repre-
sentatives and President, we quoted and reiterated
to the people of Kentucky, and to all the people
of the border States. It was upon that pledge
made by you, an held up by us, that we were en-
abled to hold those States to their Union anchor-
age; and we never could have held them to that
anchorage in the face of the programme of meas-
ures that you have presented at the present ses-
sion of Congress.
All we ask of you, gentlemen, is, keep your
pledge, keep your word, keep faith with us. If
you "do that, all will be well. But pass this bill,
and you array—and I make no threat in making
the statement—every white being in al) the slave
States, the border States as well as those that have
seceded, against your law, and the whole object
and effort of their minds, their lives, their ener-
gies, their ingenuity will be to neutralize that law
and to negative its effect. I am speaking now
what I believe I know. I am no secessionist.
My fortunes are cast, for weal or for woe, for all
time, with the Union, upon the Constitution, and
under the old flag. 1 will never desert my Gov-
ernment or that flag. , We intend to battle for the
Constitution against all of its enemies. We want
this war to be brought to a successful close speed-
ily, because we believe that everyday of its con-
tinuance imperils the Constitution. We believe
that when the rebels in the field are put down and
that war is brought to a close, we can make short
and effectual work with the war jn this Chamber
and in the House of Representatives, and among
a small portion of the people of this Union against
the Constitution. I intend to adhere to the old
flag. I will follow it wherever it leads. I will
follow it even against the iniqui'ous measures, if
I may so characterize them without offense, that
have been proposed, and that are now pending
before this body;,but I will do it in the religious
hope that the people of America are deeply and
faithfully and truly attached to the Constitution
and its principles. I will appeal from Caesar here
in this Chamber to the majesty of the American
people, even to the armies of the United States
that are now set in battle for the vindication of the
authority of the United States and the Constitu-
tion and the laws. I am willing to submit all these
issues to the armies to-day. I have no doubt that
they would decide in favo^of good faith, fidelity
to the Constitution, and reconstruction without
adding one principle to or abstracting a single one
from it.
Rut, Mr. President, I know, at least I think I
know, and my people know, or at least they be-
lieve, that the purpose now is to follow the new
tactics of Wendell Phillips. He believes that it
is no longer necessary openly to defy the Con-
stitution and its principles, and to invoke men
to trample under foot armor and armor-weaicr.
He believes, but in this I trust he is mistaken,
that he now has Congress to act with him in his
purpose—him who has not sworn to support the
Constitution—and in defiance of its restrictions
and of the principles that it adopts, to walk over
its broken liagments, and to do a deed which he
says is against th" Constitution—emancipate the
slaves.
I trust that it will not be done, sir; but if it is
done, another war has but just begun. We in
the border States are few. We are derided, con-
temned. I ask no favors. I have never asked
any from any power. I ask but justice and right
under the Constitution. So far as the adminis-
tration of the Constitution and laws made in con-
formity to it can damage and overthrow slavery,
be it so; if you choose to confiscate slaves, be it
so; but whenever you discriminate against slaves,
and submit them to harsher measures and other
laws than you do other property, you violate youi:
pledge, and you make war upon the institutions
of the slave States. I make my protest against
that.
All I ask is that our slaves shall have the same
fate with all other property. I will go as far as
any man here in sustaining and in executing a
proper forfeiture law that will make no discrim-
ination; but when you seek to do by indirection
what you cannot do directly; when you attach to
this constitutional power of forfeiture the exercise
of a power entirely alien to it, not necessary to
give it any effect or execution, but which abstracts
from its efficiency; and under this illegal, illegit-
imate, and unconstitutional power you seek to
do a deed that enables you to determine whether
a State shall have slavery or not, I enter my pro-
test against any such measure and against any
such principle. The State of Michigan has a right
toestablish slavery to-morrow, ifshechooses, and
Kentucky has no light to object. The State of
Kentucky has the rightto-morrow, if she chooses,
to abolish slavery, and the State of Missouri has
no right to object. The State of Illinois has the
rightto-morrow to establish slavery, and no peo-
ple in this land have any right to say a word
in the matter except the people of Illinois them-
selves.
If gentlemen wish to punish the rebels and to
make no discrimination, no war upon slavery, we
could act together, and we could agree harmoni-
ously upon a bill in a few minutes; but whenever
they claim indirectly to exercise this power over
slavery which they all concede thoy have not the
right to exercise directly, and which was so jeal-
ously watched and guarded by the framers of the
Constitution, they are introducing a source of
trouble, a fountain of bitter waters that will flow,
and no man can tell when its flow will cease; and
the amount of trouble, bitterness, and woe which
it will bring upon this land no man is wise or
sagacious enough to foretell.
Mr. CLARK. I am not quite sure that I un-
derstood the Senator from Kentucky. I desire
that he should make me a little more certain if he
can. I understood him to say that he had no ob-
jection to a bill of confiscation, and no objection
to confiscating a slave with other property. Was
I right in that?
Mr. DAVIS. You were rightin that, sir; that
is upon condition that the proceeds should go into
the Treasury.
Mr. CLARK. I presume I understand the po-
sition of the Senator now: that a slave shall be
taken with other property and sold. He shall
not be set free.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. The objection then is, not that ^
the slave is taken from the rebel, but that he is not
sold, and the proceeds put into the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me one
word ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. There are two hundred and thirty
thousand slaves in the State of Kentucky. At a
small estimate, at least one fouith of them would
be subject to the operation of this law, which
would be seventy-five thousand slaves. The biil
proposes, without any provision, al least in the
hill, in regaid to them, to liberate those slaves and
leave them there. Now, if the question wercaub-
mitted to the people of Kentucky to-day, which
do you prefer, to have &G00 apiece on an average
for all your slaves, and they to remain with you
in the State, or have the slaves taken for nothing
and colonized outofthe United States, they would
accept the latter proposition fivefold over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tins bill proposes to col-
onize.
Mr. DAVIS. But it makes no provision for it.
Mi. TRUMBULL. Yes, it does.
Mi DAVIS. What proviMon > It says it
shall be doi-e, and authorizes the President to do
