882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
country. It received the hearty indorsement of
such bodies as the Chambers of Commerce of
Hew York, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Chicago, Buf-
falo, Milwaukee, and other places. I have never
known any measure receive a more hearty ap-
proval from the people.
Nearly every amendment to the bill since it was
matured has rendered it more complex and diffi-
cult of execution. I regret to say that some of
the amendments of the Senate render the bill in-
congruous, and tend to defeat its great object,
namely, to prevent all forcing of the Government
to sell its bonds in the market to the highest bid-
der for coin. It might be very pleasant for the
holders of the seven and three tenths Treasury
notes and six per cent, bonds, to receive their in-
terest in cow semi-annually, but very disastrous
to the Government to be compelled, to sell its
bonds, at ruinous rates of discount, every six
months to pay them gold and silver, while it would
pay only Treasury notes to the soldier, sailor, and
all other creditors* of the Government.
I am opposed to all those amendments of the
Senate which make unjust discriminations be-
tween the creditors of the Government. A sol-
dier or sailor who performs service in the Army
or Navy is a creditor of the Government. The
man who sells food, clothing,and the material of
war for the use of the Army and Navy is a cred-
itor of the Government. The capitalist who holds
your seven and three tenths Treasury notes or
your six per cent, coupon bonds is a creditor of
the Government. All are creditors of the Gov-
ernment on an equal footing, and all arc equally
entitled to their pay in gold and silver.
[ am opposed to all those amendments of the
Senate which discriminate in favor of the holders
of bonds and notes by compelling; the Government
to go into the streets every six months to soil
bonds at the "market price," to purchase gold
and silver in order to pay the interest " in coin"
to* the capitalists who now hold United States
stocks and Treasury notes heretofore issued, or
that may hold bonds and notes hereafter to be
issued; while all other persons in the United
States (including the Army and Navy and nil
who supply them food and clothing) are com-
pelled to receive legal tender Treasury notes in
payment of demands due them from the Govern-
ment.
Why make this discrimination ? Who asks to
have one class of creditors placed on a better foot-
ing than another class? Do the people of New
England, the Middle States, or the people of the
West and Northwest, or anywhere Hse in the.
rural districts, ask to have any such discrimina-
tion made m their favor? Does the soldier, the
farmer, the mechanic, or the merchant ask to
have any such discrimination made in his favor?
No, sir; no such unjust prefoience is asked for by
this class of men. They ask for the legal tender
note bill pure and simple. They ask for a na-
tional currency which shall be of equal value in
all parts of the country. They want a currency
that shall pass from hand to hand among; all the
people in every State,county, city, town, and vil-
lage in the United States. 'Xshey want a currency
secured by adequate taxation upon the whole
property of the eountiy, which will pay the sol-
dier, the farmer, the mechanic, and the banker
alike for all debts due. They ask that the Gov-
ernment shall stand upon its own responsibility,
its own rights, and exert its vast powers, pre-
serve its own credit, and carry us safely through
this gigantic rebellion, in the shortest time, and
with the least possible sacrifice. They intend to
foot all the bills, and ultimately pay the whole
amount, principal and interest, m gold and silver.
Who, then, arc they that ask to have a pref-
erence given to them over other creditors of the
Government? Sir, it is a very respectable class
of gentlemen, but a class of men who are very
sharp in all money transactions. They are not gen-
erally among the producing classes—not among
those who, by their labor and skill, make the
wealth of the country-, but a class of men that
have accumulated wealth—men who are willing to
lend money to the Government if you will make
the secuiity beyond afi question, give them a
high rate of interest, and make it payable in coin.
Yes, sir, the men who aie asking tht^c extiava-
gant terms, who want to be puferrcd creditors,
are perfectly willing to lend money to the Gov-
ernment in her present embarrassment, if you
will only make them perfectly secure, give them
extra interest, and put your bonds on the market
at the " market price," to purchase gold and sil-
ver to pay them interest every six months. Yes,
sir, entirely willing to loan money on these terms!
Safe, no hazard, secure, and the interest payable
" in coin !" Who would not be willing to loan
money on such terms? Sir, the legal tender
Treasury note bill was intended«to avoid all such
financiering and protect the Government and peo-
ple, who pay the taxes, from all such hard bar-
gains. It was intended as a shield in the hands
of the patriotic people of the country against all
forced sales of bonds, and all extravagant rates
of interest.
The legal tender note bill is a great measure of
equality. It proposes a currency for the p pie
which is based upon the good faith of the people
and all their taxable property. All are obliged to
receive and pass it as money, and all are obliged
to submit to heavy taxation to provide for its ulti-
mate redemption in gold and silver. Every attempt
on the part of any class of citizens to create dis-
tinctions and secure a legal preference, mars the
simplicity and success of the whole plan. The
very discrimination proposed carries on its face
notice to everybody that although the note? a re de-
clared to be " lawful money and a legal tender in
payment of debts," yet that there is something of
higher value, that must be sought after at a sac-
rifice to the Government, to pay a peculiar class
of creditors to whom it owes money—a kind of
absurdity and self-stultification which docs not
appear well on the face of the bill. It is an unjust
discrimination which does not appear well now,
and will not look well in history. You will, if the
Senate's amendment is adopted, depreciate, by
your own acts, your own bonds and notes, and
effectually destroy the symmetry and harmonious
working of the whole plan.
I am m favor of having the Government pay in
coin, if it can do so without too great a sacrifice;
but 1 am unable to see any good reason for depart-
ing, in this case, from the usual practice of the
Government itfexpiessing the mode of paying the
interest. All bond.sand Treasury notes heretofoi e
issued are payable generally without specifying
that either the principal or the interest shall be
paid m coin, and yot the legal effect is the snmo.
1 do not see why we should now, in the present
embarrassed condition of the Government, give
any preference to one creditor over another, or
change the form of our bonds and Treasury notes
by inserting the words " payable in coin." The
capitalist who holdsyourbonds orseven and three
tenths Treasury notes is not entitled to any pref-
erence over the soldier or the man who furnishes
supplies to your Army. We should pay both m
specie, if possible; but I am unwilling to tie up the
hnnds of the Government by compelling it to pay
"in coin " the interest on ay the bonds and notes
heretofore issued, or that may hereafter be issued.
The bonds and notes heietofore issued contain no
such express provision; it is not" so nominated in
the bond;" and lam unwilling to have itinserted
at this time, either as to those now outstanding
or as to those that are heienfter to be issued. Be-
sides, if you commcnce in this way, by stipulating
expiessly to pay in coin on the bonds to be issued,
it becomes a contract which cannot, without a
breach of faith, be changed by a repeal of the law.
You unnecessarily commit the Government to a
stipulation which may he very inconvenient, if
not impossible, to fulfill, if the public debt runs
up to $2,000,000,000, the interest upon which, at
six per cunt, per annum, would be §120,000,000
annually, requiring $60,000,000 of coin every six
months to pay intciust on your funded debt. I
think we should pause befoie commit ting ou ire Ives
to any such proposition, for no man here is w>se
enough to tell how long this war will continue,
or how many complications with foreign nations
will grow out of it, or how great will be the war
debt. By all means let us pay the iutenjst in gold
to those who desire it, if it is practicable to do so;
but let us keep the power in the Government itself,
and exercise it wisely for tho best interest of the j
whole people.
The people in the country who hold seven and
three tenths Treasui y Dotes are p,<tia>tic enough,
while the war lasts, lo receive their in ten st in any
money that will pass currently at the banks and
among the people. Money with them is only val-
uable for its uses. Legal tender Treasury notes
can be used for all business purposes, without
compelling the Government to sell its bonds at fif-
teen or twenty per cent, discount to procure coin
when it is entirely unnecessary.
As I have already intimated, you compel the
soldier, the farmer, and the mechanic to receive
your Treasury notes in payment for services, sup-
plies, and materials furnished; then why not com-
pel the capitalist to receive them in the same man-
ner for what you owe him? Is one citizen owing
allegiance to the Government any better than an-
other citizcn ? Are not the rights and duties of all
on the same footing? Is the capitalist better enti-
tled to have his interest paid in gold and silver on
his accumulated capital than the poor man for his
demand against the Government for services, sup-
plies, and materials furnished for your Army and
Navy ?
I consider all loyal men as equal, and all enti-
tled to the same kind of pay. One loyal man, in
the eye of the law, ought to be considered just as
good as any other loyal man. Then, why make
any discrimination ? Why give one class of citi-
zens a preference in payment over another? A
discrimination of this kind will invite distrust. It
is like a debtor in failing circumstances giving a
preference to one class of creditors over another.
It always operates unfavorably, and ought not to
be countenanced. Such preferenceneverisfavored
by courts of justice, and is only enforced when
legally necessary.
All preferences of this kind are odious, and in
their practical workings operate unfavorably. The
pending amendment has a tendency to array one
class of our people against another class. It sub-
jects the Government to the necessity of submit-
ting to heavy discounts on the sale of its bonds.
It depreciates its own bonds and notes, and tends
to embarrass the Government in all its financial
operations.
At the extra session in July we passed two very
important bills—one to borrow $250,000,000, for
which bonds and notes were to be issued, and the
other to call into the service five hundred thousand
volunteers, and pay the soldiers thirteen dollars
per month and the officers a higher rate of fixed
compensation. Both bills were war measures,
both were necessary, and action has been had un-
der both. Under the fn st bill the associated banks
of New York, Boston, and Philadelphia took the
sum of $100,000,000 of seven and three tenths
thiee years Treasury notes at par, and $50,000,000
twenty years six per cent, bonds at a discount of
ten and two thirds per cent, from their face—say
net $44,661,230 97, being a loss of $5,338,769 03
on tiiis transaction. This is a higher rate of in-
terest than our Government, with all its immense
power and resources, ought to pay; but the loan
has been made, and I only refer to it now for the
purpose of showing what has been done under
these two acts of Congress.
Under the Army bill, five hundred thousand vol-
unteers have been called into the service, and are
now in the field. Under both of these bills a debt
has been created against the Government. The
associated banks of New York, Boston,and Phila-
delphia are creditors of the Government to the ex-
tent of $3,>0,000,000. The five hundred thousand
volunteer army are also creditors of the Govern-
ment to a large amount. We owe them both,and
both are creditors under laws passed by us at the
extra session. Are not both classes of thesecred-
ltois on the same footing? Arc the bankeis en-
titled to any preference over the volunteer army ?
Is the banker's money any more sacred than the
services of the soldier m battle, on guard, or in the
tented field ? I cannot see that the-banker or the
holder of Treasui y notes is entitled to any prefer-
ence over the soldier, under these two laws of Con-
gress, and yot, if you concur in these hard-motley
amendments of the Senate, you will compel the
soldier to take legal tendwTreasury notes in pay-
mentfor his thirteen dollars per month which you
agreed to pay him, while you pay the banker
his high rate of mtciest, semi-annually, in gold
and silver com. Is this right? Will this be meting
out just and equal laws to the loyal citizens of this
Government5 What will your Army say to an
uirangeuiriit of this kind? Sir, I can consent to
no such discrimination, no such amendment, no
such injustice.
We are fighting for our nationality, and the
great fundamental principles of liberty and equal-
ity upon which our Government rests. We must
