1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
have tJie Mississippi from its sources to its mouth.
It cannot be cut in two; and I am wholly unable
to discover a dividing hue between the great lakes
and the Gulf of Mexico. Our nationality and our
present territorial jurisdiction, from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, must be preserved. We have been
forced into tins terrible war by uncontrollable am-
bition, and treason of the blackest kind. It is
costing us thousands of voidable lives, and untold
millions. We have accepted the issue presented
by ambitious men and traitors. We must go for-
ward; we cannot go back. Success, regardless of
the cost, will establish the strength and perpetu-
ity of our Government; defeat will be death.
It is to be hoped that this will be a short war.
It is very desirable that it should be pressed on
with the utmost vigor, and be brought to a speedy
and successful termination. God grant that this
may be the issue. I have no expectation, how-
ever, that the authority of the United States Gov-
ernment will be respected and enfoiced in all the
southern States for many years. I think the rebels
are desperate and determined, and will never sub-
mit to the Constitution and laws until compelled
to do so by armed force. They may he beaten and
compelled to fall back, but until Union govern-
ments are successfully established in all the south-
ern States the laws of the United States will not
be respected, and can only be enforced by the
Army and Navy in actual occupation of the rebel-
lious States. This will require a large and expen-
sive Army for many years, the total expenses of
which cannot now be estimated. It will requiie
Federal troops in every rebellious State to collect
yourdirecttaxesandinternalduties. In any event,
I look for a very large public debt that will accu-
mulate with great rapidity: §650,000,000 in five
months from this time; $1,200,000,000 by July 1,
1863; and $1,800,000,000 by July 1, 3864. The
interest on this debt will severely tax the energies
and resources of our people. All needless expend-
itures must be cut off; all extravagant rates of in-
terest must be avoided. We must enforce rigid
economy and strict accountability on the part of
all public officers. It is our duty to guard the
Treasury in every way consistent with the vigor-
ous prosecution of the war.
Suppose the public debt to amount to the sum
of $1,000,000,000 in one year from this time: six
per cent, interest on this sum would require
$60,000,000 in gold to be obtained annually—
$30,000,000 every six months to pay interest.
How is this gold to be obtained? You will not
get it from taxes or from duties on imports, be-
cause these, by the bill, are payable in Treasury
notes. The only way then to get this gold will
be by selling your bonds at the " market price"
to procure it. This is a large amount of coin to
be procured on a forced sale of your bonds—
§30,000,000 every six months! A sum greater
than all the gold possessed by the New York
banks at this time. The fact that you create by
your own bill this large dcmandforgold, will tend
to greatly enhance the price Banks and brokers
will hoard it for the express purpose of selling it
every six months to the Government at a high
late. Does any gentleman on this floor believe
that with this large demand for gold, created by :
the invidious discrimination contained in the Sen-
ate amendment, that our bonds will not in a
short time fall down to eighty and perhaps to sev- 1
enty-five cents on the dollar. Just in proportion
as your public debt incieases will the price of gold
ad vancc, because the amount of Government paper
to be issued can only be limited by the expenses
of the Government; and any plan that may be
adopted is liable to bo broken down by its mag-
nitude, rather than from any defect in the plan
itself.
In every aspect m which you view this hard-
money provision, its practical workings will be
disastrous. It would be all very well if the amount
was small and applied to carrying on the Gov- ■
ernmenton a peace footing, when you know what ji
amount will be required; but in carrying on the |j
Government at this time, when the magnitude of j
the expenditures arc so o\er\vhelmmg, all theories ji
applicable to peace must «jive way to the inexo-
rable necessities that are forced upon us in the
prosecution of this war. Look at your long Imu ;!
of offensive operations, extending fiom Kan&as to
this capital, and thence to Portress Monroe, Hat- j;
teras, Beaufort, Key West, Pensacola, and Ship !!
Island—a distain-e of more than four thousand i1
miles. This very long line of military operations
cannot be maintained except at an enormous ex-
pense for transportation, supplies,and material of
war. One million six hundred thousand dollais
does nof cover the daily expenditures. Peace
theories of finance must give way to what is prac-
ticable to be done in the present exigency. The
Government is at this moment in the situation of
a merchant who has overtraded, who owes more
than he has the present means of paying. He
may be compelled to stop payment in specie, when
he has ample assets to covcr ali his liabilities. A
mere suspension of specie payments does not im-
ply bankruptcy or insolvency.
Just so with the Government in her present
peril. Wc have no money, but we have vast re-
sources in property, enterprise, energy, munitions,
and material of war. We arc the richest nation in
the world in proportion toageand population. The
country is full of the means of subsistence. Ail the
western granaries and warehouses are full of corn,
wheat, pork, and beef, waiting for a market, some
of which has lain there for over a year. Every
year <fur country grows more populous, every year
it grows richer, and new fields are opened to the
plow. The earth is full of gold, silver, iron, cop-
per, coal, and other minerals, which are worked
by the most enterprising miners the world ever
saw. All these advantages are in the hands of a
sagacious, inventive, and industrious people, who
know how to obtain from these and other sources
more wealth than any other race of men. We
should impose annually notless than $150,000,000
by direct taxes, cxcise, and internal duties upon
this vast material wealth of the country. The duties
on imports, I trust, will be§50,000,000more, mak-
ing an aggregate of $200,000,000 annually, form-
ing a substantial basis on which to rest the credit
of the Government, and enable us to successfully
prosecute the war notwithstanding the suspension
ofspecie payments, and the overwhelming amount
of the expenditures.
Our country and Government at all hazards
must be preserved. To accomplish this our plan
of finance must be simple and practical. As has
been shown, we have various descriptions of prop-
erty in abundance. We have not the money to
meet the sudden demands that are thrown upon
us. Is it not better to pledge our honor, our lands,
houses, personal estate, incomes, and wealth of
ail kinds to create this money, on the faith of the
nation, than to run the risk of utter ruin to all inter-
ests for the sake of holding on to theories which
may be excellent in time of peace, but which are
wholly impracticable in the prosecution of this
war. How is it that England is able to carry so
large a public debt? Because it makes all its people
interested in her consols, and pays a uniform low
late of interest. No discrimination between prin-
cipal afid interest is made, and all who hold the
pubiicdebt ofEnglandure placed upon an equality.
Iicr public debt, amounting to over three thousand
eight hundred and ninety-two millions of dollars,
is held mostly by her own people. This enor-
mous debt, incurred in her wars with the Emperor
Napoleon and other Powers, has burdened past,
present, and future generations. These deadly con-
flicts, notwithstanding she suspended spccie pay-
ments, left her developed in power and resources.
We are not to follow cxactly the course which
England has marked out, but we may not lejcct
all her feachings. European Powers are more or
less inimical to our institutions, and we must shape
our course accordingly. If we maintain our free
Government it is to bo done by us alone, and
without any aid from abroad. Let us shape our
finances at once to meet the necessities of our con-
dition.
It is very clear that in the prosecution of this
war to maintain this Union, the ways and means
of carrying it on can only be limited by the actual
expenditures.
We must, while the war lasts, incur all the debt
necessary to crush out the rebellion, and main- j
tain the authority of the United States Govern- j
ment over all the thirty-four States. We cannot, j
therefore, now limit the amount of the debt to !
be incurred, nor can it be accuiately estimated, t
Notes and bonds must be issued in some form for I
all the debt incuued, excepting what we may |
realize annually from taxes, excises, and duties
on imports, in issuing these notes and bonds I
think it will be much better for the Government,
and for the people, to have one uniform system.
It would be better for all concerned tohavea£xed
policy, not to be changed, so that all business men
may conform to it at once. That policy should,
in my judgment, be the issue of legal tender de-
mand Treasury notes not bearing interest, to
paid out for what is necessary to support the Army
and Navy, and fundable at any time in twenty
years bonds, bearing; interest at six per cent.,
payable semi-annually. This is as high a rate
of interest as the Government ought to pay, espe-
cially as our people are to be fieavily burdened by
taxation to pay, ultimately, the interest and prin-
cipal in gold and silver of all this debt. Let our
policy be distinctly fixed and settled, and we shall
hear no further importunities for higher rates of
interest, or for any preference of one class of cred-
itors over any other class equally meritorious.
I regret that my sense of duty compels me to
differ so widely from the Senate. I have great
respect for that body, and would gladly yield to
their views, if I did not regard it so fatal to the
public interest. So soon as our funded debtreaches
$700,000,000, which will be in a very few months,
1 believe it will be impossible to procure the coin
to pay the in terest semi-annually without the most
serious consequences to our credit. The amount
of discount on our bonds to procure specie would
be very large. In every view, the Senate amend-
ment seems to me unnecessary,injurious, partial,
and unjust. I trust the House will non-concur
in the amendments.
Mr. POMEROY obtained the floor.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask my col-
league to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope I may
have the attention of the committee for a single
moment while I suggest, (as I am permitted to do
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means,) to ali those attaching particular import-
ance to the three most substantial amendments of
the Senate—the sixth, seventh,and nineteenth—
relating, as they all do, to the payment of interest
in coin, which my colleague has just discussed—
to all those, I say, as well as to other members of
the House, to suggestthat there will be no objec-
tion made by that portion of the Committee of
Ways and Means favoring the non-concurrence
in those amendments, to going into the House
and there having a square vote by yeas and nays
npon those amendments, and upon any others
which the Senate has made, and upon which the
House desires a separate vote.
I think the suggestion may have a tendency to
abbreviate the debate in the committee; and if the
chairman of the Ways and Means will be kind
enough to state about when it will be agreeable to
him to close the debate and have a vote, so that
gentlemen may accommodate themselves to that
intention, I will yield the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Any arrangement which will
"be agreeable to the House will be satisfactory to
me. I believe it will be just as well, instead of
having a vote in committee upon the several
amendments, after gentlemen have discussed them
a reasonable length of time, that the committee rise
and report them all to the House, without any
action m committee, and then talcc a vote in the
House upon each amendment separately, when-
ever gentlemen desire it. I certainly would con-
sent to that with great pleasure, as it will facilitate
the business very much.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say that
such an arrangement can be made only by unan-
imous consent. Otherwise a vote must be taken
upon the amendments, one by one, in the com-
mittee.
[A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, here announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 130) in relation to the
district judges of the United States*, also a bill (S.
No. 153) for the better organization of the cav-
alry forces: m which the concurrence of the House
was requested.]
Mr. POMEROY. The action already had upon
this bill has, so far as the sense of Congress is
concerned, settled, if not the constitutionality and
expediency of issuing to a'linntcd amount Treas-
ui y notes made a legal tender in payment of debts,
at least the existence of a necessity under which
such constitutional power will be assumed and its
exercise declared expedient. I do not propose,
therefore, to enter at all upon the discussion of
those questions, nor would it be pertinent to the
