2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
negligent or careless in the discharge of his duty, or in obey-
ing orders; sixth, or shall knowingly make or sign, or shall
aid, abet, direct, or procure the making or signing of any
fahe \iwstei, or shall execute, or attempt or countenance
any 4'raud against the United States, or shall waste, emhez-
z\Ky or fraudulently buy, sell, or receive any ammunition,
provisions, or other public stores, or, having the power to
prevent it, shall knowingly permit such waste, embezzle-
ment, sale, or receipt; seventh, or shall, through inattention
or negligence, suffer any vessel of the Navy to be branded or
run upon a rock or shoal, or hazaided; eighth, or shall, when
on shore, plunder, abuse, or maltreat any inhabitant or in-
jure his property in any way; ninth, or shall reltise or fail
to use his utmost exertions to detect, apprehend, and bring
to punishment all offenders, and aid and assist all persons
appointed tortile purpose; tenth, or shall, m time ot peace,
desert, or attempt to desert, or aid or entice others to deset t;
or shall be absent fiom his station or duty without leave, or
after his leave shall have expired; eleventh, or shall, when
rated or acting as master-at-arms, refuse to receive such
prisoners as shall be committed to his. charge, or having re-
ceived them shall suffer them to escape, or dismiss them
without orders fiom the proper authority; twelfth, or shall
join in or abet any combination to weaken the lawful au-
thority of, or lessen the respect due to, his commanding of-
ficer; thirteenth, or shall, when attached toanv ship or ves-
sel appointed as convoy to merchant or other vessel*, fail
diligently tn perfoun his duty, or shall demand or exact any
compensation for his services, or shall maltreat the otfieeis
or crews of such merchant or other vessels; fourteenth, or
shall take, receive, or permit to be received on boaid the
vessel to which he is attached, any good's or merchandise
for freight, sale, or traffic, except gold, silver, or jewel*, for
freight or safekeeping, or shall demand or receive any com-
pensation forthe receiptor traa^portation of any other atti-
cle than gold, silver, or jewels, without authority fiom the
President of the United States or the Secretary of the Navy;
fifteenth, or shall violate or refuse obedience to any lawful
genera! order or legulation issued by the Secretary of the
Navy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment being proposed to this article, the next will
be read.
The Secretary read article eight, as follows:
Art. 8. All offenses committed by persons belonging to
the Navy, winch are not specified in the foregoing articles,
shall be punished according to the usages of the set vice ;
but in no case shall punishment by flogging be inflicted,
nor shallany court-martial adjudge punishment by flogging.
Mr. GRIMES. In the one hundred and sev-
enty-fifth line I move to strike out the words " ac-
cording to the usages of the service," and to
insert "as a court-martial shall direct."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I will ask the Senator from Iowa,
who has the care of the bill, if he cannot alter or
improve thateighth article. Since the punishment
by flogging was abolished by law in the Navy,
which f look upon as a great progress in the right
direction, marking rather, however, the advance-
ment of the public mind than the practical opera-
tion of it in the sailors, there have been punish-
ments inflicted on the sailor rnoie barbarous, more
inhuman, and mote outrageous than were prac-
ticed when the cat-o'nine-tails was in use in the
Navy. I think there is loss danger now than
there used to be, owing to the higher standard of
morality which has grown up tn (he Navy. Tem-
perate officers have'taken the places of drunken
ones, and the gradual improvements that have
been made there have done more for ameliorating
the condition of sailors than any law we can pass.
But,sir, there have been numeious instances, and
proofs of them can be submitted to the Senate,
which, I think, would shock the sensibilities of
every Senator, where drunken and brutal officers
have inflicted corporal pumshmenton sailers com-
-pared with which flogging would have been a
mercy. I think this corporal punishment, such
as trailing a man up by his hands so that he can
just stand on his toes, and a great many other
tilings of that sort, ought ail to be abolished in
the Navy.
I remember when this subject of abolishing
flogging in the Navy was under consideration a
greatmany of the bestofficers in theNavy thought
it would bo striking a fatal blow at the discipline
of the Navy; and I remember some gentlemen,
officers of the Navy, with whom i had the honor
of being acquainted, came and remonstrated with
me, saying the effect would be to ruin the Navy
and destroy all discipline in it. Exactly the con-
trary effect was produced, and the moment flog-
ging was abolished in the Navy a very great im-
provement in the conduct and behavior of the
sailors was manifested. Soon after the law was
passed the United States squadron that had been
on the coast of Africa came into port. I hap-
pened to be in the city of Boston when two ves-
sels of the squadron ariived—the Dale and the
Germantown, commanded by Captain Lavallette
and Captain Nicholson. I was introduced to them:
and they were candid enough to say to me, in
Boston, that though they were exceedingly op-
posed to the law when they first heard of it, the
effect of it had been wonderful; and it had mani-
fested itself in the superior conduct and deport-
ment of the sailors. They were so gratified with
it that they invited me over to see theirships;and
Captain Lavallette mentioned a fact which he said
he had never known to occur before, and it was
this: they were not able to pay off the sailors as
soon as they arrived, owing to some default here
at Washington, hut the sailors staid on board,
and were subjected to better discipline than they
ever were before since he had commanded a ves-
sel. The effect of the improvement was wonder-
ful; and this was not only their testimony, but the
testimony of many otherofficers. 1 may mention,
also, one man who has lately distinguished him-
self in the naval service, who most earnestly re-
monstrated against the passage of the law abol-
ishing flogging in the Navy. 1 refer to Captain
Ringgold, who lately, in command of the Sabine,
rendered such humane service in saving the crow
and troops on board the transport Governor. He
was here in Washington, and remonstrated in the
most earnest and energetic style against the pas-
sage of that act; but after it was passed, he had
the candor and magnanimity to come to me and
thank me for my humble efforts; and he said that
on no condition would he have it restored; that
the repeal was one of the greatest improvements
that had ever been made in the Navy; and I think
that is the testimony of every sober officer in the
Navy, every man who ought to be in the Navy;
and I am happy to say that that includes a vastly
greater proportion than it did when this law was
passed. But, sir, there is this place left open to
inhuman and brutal officers to impose cruel and
outrageous punishments upon the sailors.
Mr. GRIMES. I have a provision tocoverthnt.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Iowa says he
has a provision to cover that, and I will forbear
until he gets through with the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no further
amendment be offered to the eighth article, the
nexf will be read.
The Secretary read articlo nine, as follows:
Art. 9. All offenses committed by persons belonging to
the Navy, while on shoie, shall be punished m the same
inannet as it they had been committed at sea.
No amendment being proposed, the tenth article
was read, as follows:
Art. 10. No commanding officer shall, of Ins own au-
thomv, dischaige a eoimnit-sioned or wairant officer, nor
punihil him otherwise th;m by suspension or contincment;
noi shall any officer who may command by accident, or in
the nb>uneo < : the commanding officei, (except such com-
mander he absent lor a tune by leave.) oider or inflict any
other punishment than confinement, lor which he shall ac-
count on the leturn ot such absent commanding officer.
Nor shall any commanding officer leceive on boaid any
putty otiiceis oi men, turned over from any othei vessel to
him, unless each of such officer* or men pioduceto him an
aeeount, sinned by th*1 captain and puisei ot the vessel fiom
winch they came, --portly uig the date of such officei's or
man's en by, the pei lod and tei in* of service, I lie sums paid,
the balance due him. the quality m which he was tated on
boaul such snip, and his descuptive list. Nui shall any
commanding officer, having leeeivrd any petty officer or
man as aibiesaid. late him in alowcroi wor.sestation than
that in winch lie ionneily served. Anycoinmandmcofficei
offending hcp'in shall be punished at the discretion of a
couit-marttal.
Mr. GRIMES. T move to strike out that ar-
ticle, and insert as a substitute:
Art. 10. No commander or a navai officer shall inflict
any punishment upon a commissioned or warrant officer
othei than pi ivafe lepnmand, mi<pension tiom duty, auest,
oi confinement, neitiierof whicn shall continue lonsjei than
ten days, except afmtliet period be nece&saiy to lnin<  the
offender to a coiut-maitini; noi shall he lnliiet, oi cauce,
or peumt to be inflic icd upon any petty officer, or pet-son ,
ot interior latmg. or any marine, any othei punishment for 1
any one orient, at any one time, than anv one of the Jul- 1
lowing punishments, to-wu : Fu-st, ieduction of any lating j
established |>\ ium-eh; second, confinement ivnh or with- ]
out n oils, single or double, not exceeding ten days ; thud, j
solitary confinement on biead and wat^'i not< .\ceedtn  five j
day--; fouith. sohtniy confinement not exceeding seven ij
days; tilth, <!epi ivation of liberty on =hoie; sixth, extta \]
ciutaN No othei punishments shall bo pci nutted on boaid '!
of vessel*, bclon^Mi^ to the Navy, except by sentence of a ;i
qeueial or summaiy euut t-maiual. Summary eomts-mar- ■ j
tial may dtsiate any lated pm-jon for incompetency. All i
pun.shments inrheted by the commander, oi by his order, !J
except n piimand. slidll be fully eiueied upon the ship's Jo<j, :,
Mr. HALE. Whom does the term "person
of inferior rating'" include? !
Mr. GRIMES, That includes everybody. |
They are rated as boys, seamen, landsmen, ma- 1'
fines, and everybody of that kind. The phrase
" inferior rating'' covers all. :
Mr. HALE. Let me ask the Senator from
Iowa why would it not do just as well to strike
out the words " of inferior rating ?" Would not
the section be plainer if it simply said, "any
person?" It seems to me that would be plainer,
and carry out the object better.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am content with it either
way.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the words
" of inferior rating," and then it will include every
person certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Ttis a great deal better as itis;
but if it will satisfy the Senator from New Hamp-
shire better, 1 am willing that he should strike out
that clause. It includes everybody on board ship.
Everybody is rated on the ship's books in some
capacity or other, to the humblest boy.
Mr. HALE. I am not particular about it.
Mr. GRIMES. If the amendment will make
it any moie satisfactory to you, very well; but I
think it is better as it is.
Mr. HALE. Let it be in. I withdraw my
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be agreed to; it is
a very great improvement.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The eleventh
aitiele will now be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Art. 11 General courts-martial may be convened as often
as the President of the United Stales, the Secietary of the
Navy, or commaiider-in-eluof of the fleet, or commander ot
a squadion, while acting out of the United States, shall
deem itnccessaiy: Prowled, That no general coutt-mai-
tial shall consist of more than thirteen nor le s than five
members, and as many officers shall be summoned on every
jyiich couitas can be convened without injury to the service,
so a* not to exceed thnteen, and the senior officei shall al-
ways preside, the others ranking agieeably to the date of
their commission ; and m no case where it can be avoided
without injury to the service shall more than one half the
mcmbeis, exclusive of the piesident, be junioi to the officer
to be tt ied
Mr. GRIMES. I move to insert in line two
hundied and eight, after the word " necessary,"
the following words:
Provided. That in the wateis of the United States no
commander-in-chief of a fleet oi squadion shall convene
agential couit-rnaitiai exccpt the authoiity so to do be
planted to him by special insti actions fiom the Piesident
of the United Slates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In line two hundred and six
I move to strike out " the-" before " fleet," and
insert" a;" so as to read, "or commander-in-chief
of a fleet;" and after the word " or," in the same
line, to strike out " commander."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In line two hundred and seven,
I move to strike out the words " while acting out
of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. After the word £1 provided,"
in line two hundred and eight, I move to insert
" also."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That verbal
amendment will be made.
Mr. GRIMES. After the word " five," in line
two hundred and nine, I move to inseit "com-
missioned officers as," so that a court-martial
shall be composed of commissioned officers. It
will then read:
That no qeneial couit-martial shall consist of more than
thirteen noi less than five commissioned officei s as mem-
ber-*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out, in line
two hundred and thirt'.en, the words "ranking
agreeably to the date of then commission," and
to insert " taking place according to their rank."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further amendment to the eleventh article, the
twelfth will bo read.
The Societal y read, as follows:
Art. 12. Each member of the court, befoie pioeeedmg
to tiud. shall take the toLtowi'ig 0'ith or animation, which
the jud e-ad\ oeat-\ or pejson ohiciattng a-, such, is hereby
authorized to admrnistei :   I. A !>, do swear (or affiim)
that I will ttulv try, without piejwtice or partiality, the ca?e
now pendiiiL', dccoidimj to the evidence which shall eorae
befota the couit, the iulcs fbi the ^-.veinmentof the Navy,
and my o\\ n conscience ; and that I will not by any means
divulge oi disclose the sentence of the couit until n <dml!
have been appioved by the pioper authoiity, noi will I it
any time divulge oi disclose the vote or opinion of any par-
