884
TELE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
%/ 7
only amendment I propose to discuss, to wit, that
providing for payment of interest on the national
debt in coin. They were fully discasscd when the
bill was first before the committee, to the neglect,
as I then thought and now think, of the point pre-
sented by the pending amendment, upon which
alone I desire to submit a few remarks.
The question is not now whether $150,000,000
of Treasury notes shall be issued and made a legal
tender in payment of*public and private indebted-
ness. That proposition has been decided in the
affirmative; but if my faith in the necessity and
expediency of such issue was stronger even than
that of the able and distinguished Representative
[Mr. SrAULDiNG] who has originated this measure
and carried it triumphantly over the Administra-
tion and through Congress, still, deeming this
amendment, as proposed by the Senate and now
under consideration, vital to the success of the
scheme, and the only regulation by which finan-
cial explosion under it can be prevented, I could
not, as an original proposition, and' cannot now,
without such amendment, support this bill. My
opinion may be unfounded and erroneous. I hope
it is, if this amendment is to fail. I have no pride
of opinion upon this matter, but I have convic-
tions, clear, decided, and conscientious, which I
cannot trample upon without violating my own
sense of self-respect and of public duty. The
opposition which this amendment meets from the
framcrs of the bill sufficiently demonstrates to us
and to the country that it is not merely formal in
its character, but is of primary importance and
entitled to the highest consideration. I shall be
very brief, and will endeavor to be plain in my
views respecting it.
It is conceded by the friends of the House bill
that the policy of issuing Treasury notes under
it with the characteristics of money is to be tem-
porary, and that it is a divergence from the cor-
rect principles of political economy, to be justified
only by necessity, and yet the primary aiid prin-
cipal fault I find with it is, that instead of being a
temporary measure, it really, by its failure to make
adequate provision to raise money L>y loan, in-
augurates and necessitates the perpetuation of a
reliance upon a forced paper currency alone to
meet the demands of the war, the amount of the
issue of which, if sufficient for that purpose, must
depreciate it to a mere nominal value, and result
in ultimate repudiation. It may be expedient as
a remedy for an existing political disorder, but it
is death if relied upon for permanent existence.
To illustrate: suppose you strike from the House
bill the provision for funding these notes and also
the limitation upon the amount of the issue, in that
condition; if thoio is a person here who would vote
for it, it iuu<*t bo upon some ground utterly antag-
onistic to any position as yet assumed by any
member in support of the bill. Yet, to my mind,
the practical effect of the bill as passed by the House
was just that. Not a dollar could be funded under
it during the existence of the war, and the same
necessity which now requires the amount of in-
convertible paper now authorized, will require,
sixty days hence, a similar issue, and then an-
other, each one requiring a larger nominal amount
to represent the same intrinsic value. Each issue
would only sharpen the appetite for more.
There arc but three ways in winch the m^ans
for this war can be proemed: first, by taxation;
second, by loans; third, by a legislative currency,
if I may so distinguish it, though it is in effect a
forced loan, the Government merely neutralizing
the hardship of compelling its creditors to take it,
by compelling thcircreditors to take it from them,
though for the purposes of this argument I con-
cede that to the extent authorized by this bill it is
expedient to force such loan.
As to the first mode, to wit, taxation, it is evi-
dent that the means cannot bo in flint way antici-
pated, nor when realized can they be in sufficient
amount to meet the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment. Nobody expects more from taxation
than the means for the ultimate liquidation of the
debts. For present purposes, therefore, taxation
is but an auxiliary to the other two modes.
My own opinion has been that the debt from
the war, and all accruing within the peiiod pre-
ceding the close of the next fiscal year, would
amount to $1,000,000,000. The estimates of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I believe, place
it still higher than that; but I will assume, upon
the strength of the brilliant military operations of
the past few weeks, that in case the Army keeps
on fighting, and Congress moderates its propen-
sity to talking, that the $150,000,000 Treasury
notes now to be authorized, with the$500*000,000
anticipated by the bill, to be raised upon bonds,
together with the $150,000,000 already funded by
the Secretary of the Treasury, through his ar-
rangement with the banks, will cover the expenses
of the war, with the aid of other ordinary and
extraordinary income.
Then the whole secret of our financial success
lies simply in borrowing that $500,000,000, or
rather in funding the floating indebtedness con-
stantly represented by the Treasury notes, so
that their issue need never exceed that author-
ized by this bill,and which is conceded to be the
extreme limit consistent with safety to private in-
terests and public credit. Nobody has proposed
to rely upon this currency beyond that amount;
but, on the contrary, the idea of any further sim-
ilar issue has been expressly repudiated by every
supporter of this bill.
The necessity for funding the debtto the extent
of the §500,000,000 is then coexistent and coexten-
sive with the necessity of issuing the $150,000,000
in notes. Without the accomplishment of the
former, the latter is a mere anodyne, which lulls,
but does not cure.
When previously in committee upon this bill
it was determined to raise this amount by au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
$500,000,000 of bonds running twenty years with
interest at six percent., payable semi-annually in
coin or Treasury notes. If this rate of interest
is clearly insufficient to attract investments, then
the whole provision for funding becomes clearly
inoperative. Upon this point we have the bene-
fit of practical experience. The credit of the Gov-
ernment has been recently brought to the test of
practical experiment in a much more favorable
time than the present, when the banks were ple-
thoric with gold beyond all former experience and
promptly meeting all engagements in coin, when
suspension had not been thought of, and the pa-
triotism of the people was fully aroused in the
enlistment of those armies that are to-day more
than meeting ourproudest anticipations; andyet,
under those most favorable auspices, the rate of
interest, as established, was seven and three tenths
per cent, for three year coupon bonds, and seven
per cent, for those running twenty years, each
payable semi-annually in coin, and with the added
advantage to the banks, who were the purchasers,
of holding the proceeds on deposit without inter-
est until drawn out m the usual course of expend-
iture; and $50,000,000 of the long bonds, author-
ized at the extra session, have not been, and could
not be, sold even at the rate above named.
It was in recognition of the utter inadequacy of
the late proposed that, just previous to the pas-
sage of the bill by the House, the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Rice] was allowed to be incorporated, authoriz-
ing the issue of five year bonds, at seven per cent,
interest, which by ordinary commercial calcula-
tions would be deemed equivalent to a throe year
loan at seven and three tenths percent., but without
the saving clause that it should be payable in coin.
One difficulty with the plan of that part of the
Committer of Ways and Moans, who reported
this bill, was the attempt to fund the d^bt into
bonds running for a long term of years, instead of
for a period which should cover merely the term
of our present difficulties; and the rate of interest
fixed was a compromise neither adapted to time
of pcace or war, the rate being too high for the
former and too low for the latter.
The science of government is one purely ex-
perimental. A code of laws designed for men as
they ought to be, would be a terrible code applied
to men as they are. We experience no difficulty
in recognizing in legislation the natural laws of !
matter, and we should have no more in recogniz-
ing the natural laws of mind, association, tiade,
commerce, and business.
If we are to borrow money, we must recognize
these laws; and I may well call them higher laws,
for while legislation cannot change them, they are
continually changing legislation. One of these is
that the precious metals are the representative of
value. The gold dollar of our currency is the unit
of value. Conversion into this representative is
the only criterion of value. Those who invest
money on loan will make it a condition precedent
that the interest shall be in money, and not in
promises to pay money. Legislation has not
changed, and cannot change, paper currency into
coin or its equivalent, except through convertibil-
ity. Without this requisite it is a mere naked
promise. We cannot make Treasury notes money
until we can change by act of Congress a promise
into a performance, and Almighty.power alone
can do that. We propose to compel the Govern-
ment and citizens to receive this paper as money
in payment for debts; but we do not propose to
attempt to compel anybody to take it by way of
loan, nor to compel anybody to loan it, not even
to Government. Then people must be induced to
loan it; and how can you expect them to do it at
rates less favorable than you have already estab-
lished in more prosperous times, to wit: a rate of
seven and three tenths per cent., payable in coin.
Now, this paper is or is not equal to gold. My
colleague may take whichever horn of the dilemma
he pleases. If it is not,it is folly to suppose that
people are voluntarily going to place themselves
in a position where, for a term of years, they com-
pel themselves to receive it as interest, and assume
all the risk of depreciation. If it is equal then
there can be no unjust discrimination in paying
interest in gold. I prefer to look at the question
just as it is, and admit the fact that it is not and
cannot be made equal, because it lacks the essen-
tial quality of convertibility. To the extent to
which it is not equal, we work a hardship in forc-
ing it into circulation; but we have already decided
that a necessity exists which compels us to accept
this hardship rather than to inflict upon the peo-
ple or submit the Government to a greater. And
we believe further, that the evils thus produced
will, in the aggregate, if not in each individual
case, be more than compensated by the relief they
will afford from financial stringency, and as a
medium of exchanges, especially with the Gov-
ernment itself.
While, however, we exercise the power to com-
pel the people to receive it as gold in the payment
of debts, we, unfortunately, have not the power
to compel them to loan it back to us on time, and
receive more of the same kind as interest. There
is just the practical point where our new political
philosophy fails. As Artemus Ward would say,
Us forte is not in borrowing, but in paying; and
we have got to make it work both ways. It is
all nonsense to say that while we pay out Treas-
ury notes from necessity in some cases, we will
forbear to borrow money, without which our
credit must go down entirely, because it will neces-
sitate the payment of interest in coin, and thus
conflict with our theory; that because we pay our-
selves and our soldiers and everybody else with
whom we are under contract, in paper, we will
stop paying even them rather than to continue the
ability to do so by borrowing money and stipu-
lating in advance to pay the interest in a different
commodity. The inconsistency consists in not
considering that we must first get the principal
before we put on airs about the manner in which
we will pay the interest, in which transaction the
lender as well as the borrower is usually consulted.
The Committee of Ways and Means are talking
about paying, whereas the problem is how to
borrow.
Nor does the agreement to pay interest in coin
tend in the least to depreciate the value of the
notes. The very necessity for this agreement
arises from the fact of the preexisting differences
in value between coin and paper. It does not cre-
ate the inequality. It recognizes an existing fact,
and applying legislation practically to that fact,
enhances the value of the paper, by allowing its
conversion into a permanent loan, the principal
and interest of which are to be paid in money;
and, instead of depreciating the paper, checks de-
preciation by reason of this very convertibility,
and presents the only possible mode, that I can
conceive of, by which serious depreciation can be
prevented and the funding process kept in opera-
tion. In fact, this very difference between the
intrinsic values of notes and coin,thus recognized
and embodied in our legislation, tends to produce
the very object desired—the funding of the public
debt. If capital will seek Treasury notes at par,
for the purpose of investment in bonds, with the
interest payable in notes, how much more readily
will it seek these same notes, at a slight deprecia-
tion, for thf purpose of such investment, with the
interest to be paid in gold; and the very demand
