386
31th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE cong-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laivs of the United States.   
[July 2,
and the preemption laws are hereby extended to
said Territory.
Si$c. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the 1 res-
ident be, and he 13 hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent 5f the Senate,
a register and receiver for said district, who shall
be required to reside at the site of said office, and
who shall have the same powers and perform the
same duties as are now or may hereafter be pre-
scribed by law for other land officers, and whose
compensation shall be the same as allowed to such
officers by the act approved April twenty, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, entitled " An act for
changing the compensation of receivers and regis-
ters of the land offices."
Sec . 3. And be. it further enacted, That when the
settlers in any township or townships, not min-
eral or reserved by Government, shall desire a
survey made of the same under the authority of
the Surveyor General of the United States, and
shall file an application therefor* in writing, and
depositina proper United States depository.to
the credit of the United States a sum sufficient to
pay for such survey, together with all expenses
incident thereto, without cost or claim for indem-
nity on the United States, it shall and may be
lawful for said Surveyor General, under such in-
structions as may be given him by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and in accord-
ance with existing laws and instructions, to survey
such township or townships, and make return
thereof to the general and proper local land office:
Provided, That the townships so proposed to be
surveyed are within the range of the regular prog-
ress of the public surveys embraced by existing
standard lines or bases for the township and sub-
divisional surveys.
Approved, July 2, 1863.
Chap. CXXX.—An Act donating Public Lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide Colleges for the benefit of Agriculture
and the Mechanic Arts.
1 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of •America in Congress
assembled, That there be granted to the several
States, for the purposes hereinafter mentioned,
an amount of public land, to be apportioned to
each State a quantity equal to thirty thousand
acres for each Senator ana Representative in Con-
gress to which the States are respectively entitled
by the apportionment under the census of eigh-
teen hundred and sixty: Provided, That no min-
eral lands shall be*selected or purchased under the
provisions of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the land
aforesaid, after being surveyed, shall be appor-
tioned to the several States in sections or subdi-
visions of sections, not less than one quarter of a
section; and whenever there are public lands in a
State subject to sale at private entry at one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre, the quantity to
which said State shall be entitled shall be selected
from such lands within the limits of such State,
•and the Secretary of the Interior is hereby di-
rected to issue to each of the States in which there
is not the quantity of public lands subject to sale
at private entry at one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, to which said State may be entitled un-
der" the provisions of this act, land scrip to the
amount m acres for the deficiency of its distribu-
tive share; said scrip to be sold by said States,
and the proceeds thereof applied to the uses and
purposes proscribed in this act, and for no other
use or purpose whatsoever: Provided, That in no
case shall any State to which land scrip may thus
be issued be allowed to locate the same within the
limits of any other State, or of any Territory of
the United States, but their assignees may thus
locate said land scrip upon any of the unappro-
priated lands of the United States subject to sale
at private entry at one dollar and twenty-five
cents, or less, per acre: And provided farther, That
not more than one million acres shall be located
by such assignees in any one of the States: Jind
provided further, That no such location shall be
made before one year from the passage of this act.
Sec. 3. Jind be it farther enacted, That all the
expenses of management, superintendence, and
taxes from date of selection of said lands, previous
to. their sales, and all expenses incurred in the
management and disbursement of the moneys
which may be received therefrom, shall be paid
by the States to which they may belong, out of
the treasury of said States, so that the entire pro-
ceeds of the sale of said lands shall be applied
without any diminution whatever to the purposes
hereinafter mentioned.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, lhat ail
moneys derived from the sale of the lands afore-
said by the States to which the lands are appor-
tioned, and from the sales of land scrip herein-
before provided for, shall be invested in stocks of
the United States, or of the States, or some other
safe stocks, yielding not less than five per centum
upon the par value of said stocks; and that the
moneys so invested shall constitute a perpetual
fund, the capital of which shall remain forever
undiminished, (except so far as may be provided
in section fifth of this act,) and the interest of
which shall be inviolably appropriated, by each
State which may take and claim the benefit of this
act, to the endowment,support, and maintenance
of at least one college where the leading object
shall be, without excluding other scientific and
classical studies, and including military tactics,
to teach such branches of learning as are related
to agriculture and themechanicarts,in such man-
ner as the Legislatures of the States may respect-
ively prescribe, in order to promote the liberal
and practical education of the industrial classes in
the several pursuits and professions in life.
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, That the grant
of land and land scrip hereby authorized shall b*e
made on the following conditions, to which, as
well as to the provisions hereinbefore contained,
the previous assent of the several States shall be
signified by legislative acts:
First. If any portion of the fund invested, as
provided by the foregoing section, or any portion
of the interest thereon, shall, by any action or
contingency, be diminished or lost, it shall be re-
placed" by the State to which it belongs, so that
the capital of the fund shall remain forever undi-
minished; and the annual interest shall be regu-
larly applied without diminution to the purposes
mentioned in the fourth section of this act, except
thatasum,notexceeding ten per centum upon the
amount received by any State under the provis-
ions of this act, may be expended for the purchase
of lands for sites or experimental farms, when-
ever authorized by the respective Legislatures of
said States.
Second. No portion of said fund, nor the inter-
est thereon, shall be applied, directly or indi-
rectly, under any pretense whatever, to the pur-
chase, erection, preservation, or repair of any
building or buildings.
Third. Any State which may take and claim
the benefit of the provisions of this act shall pro-
vide, within five years, at least not less than one
college, as described in the fourth section of this
act, or the grant to such State shall cease; and
said State shall be bound to pay the United States
the amount received of any lands previously sold,
and that the title to purchasers under the State
shall be valid.
Fourth. An annual report shall be made regard-
ing the progress of each collcge, recording any
improvements and experiments made, with their
cost and results, and such other matters, includ-
ing State industrial and economical statistics, as
may be supposed useful; one copy of which shall
be transmitted by mail free, by each, to all other
colleges which may be endowed under the provis-
ions of this act, and also one copy to the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Fifth. When lands shall be selected from those
which have been raised to double the minimum
price, in consequence of railroad grants, they
shall be computed to the States at the maximum
price, and the number of acres proportionally di-
minished.
Sixth. No State while in a condition of rebel-
lion or insurrection against the Government of the
United States shall "be entitled to the benefit of
this act.
Seventh. No State shall be entitled to the ben-
efits of this act unless it shall express its accept-
ance thereof by its Legislature within two years
from the date of its approval by the President.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That land scrip
issued under the provisions of this act shall not
be subject to location until after the first day of
January, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-
three.
Sec. 7. And bt it further enacted, That the land
officers shall receive the same fees for locating
land scrip issued under the provisions of this act
as is now allowed for the location of military
bounty land warrants under existing laws: Pro-
vided, Their maximum compensation shall not be
thereby increased.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Gov-
ernors of the several States to which scrip shall
be issued under this act shall be required to report
annually to Congress all sales made of such scup
until the whole shall be disposed ol, the amount
received for the same, and what appropriation has
been made of the proceeds.
Approved, July 2, 1862.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, and additional Appropriations
for the year ending thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted bxj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same-are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, fur
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three.
For the recruiting service of the Army, namely:
For the enlistment of recruits, for quarters, fuel,
stationery, straw, postage, bunks, compensation
to citizen surgeons for medical attendance, trans-
portation from rendezvous to depots, and all other
expenses until putin march to join regiments, one
hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
For purchase of books of tactics and instruc-
tions for volunteers, fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, eight million nine hun-
dred and five thousand three hundred and eigh-
teen dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, one
million five hundred and seventy-four thousand
one hundred and eighty-sixdollars and fifty cents.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
two hundred and eighty-three thousand four hun-
dred and fourteen dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ins- not drawn, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officeis'
servants, seventy-one thousand six hundred and
thirty dollars.
For pay of volunteers under acts of twenty-
second and twenty-fifth of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, two hundred and twenty-six
million two hundred and eighty-three thousand
two hundred and eighty-two dollars: Provided,
Th&t the President shall not be authorized to ap-
point more than forty major-generals, nor moie
than two hundred brigadier-generals. Arid all
acts and parts of acts authoiizmg a greater num-
ber of major and brigadier generals than are above
provided for, are hereby repealed.
For subsistence in kind foi regulars and volun-
teers, seventy-eight million three hundred and
eighty-six thousand six hundred and forty dol-
lars and eighty cents.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers,
enlisted men, guard, hospitals, storehouses, and
offices; of forage m kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen, of the quartermaster's department at
the several posts and stations, and with the Arm-
ies in the field; for the horses of the several regi-
ments of cavalry, the batteries of artillery, and
such companies of infantry as may4>e mounted,
and for the authorized number of officers' horses
when serving m the field and at the outposts, in-
cluding bedding for the animals; of stiaw forsoi-
diers5 bedding, and of stationery, in chid iii  blank-
books for the quartermaster's department, «vrnfi-
cates for discharged soldiers, blank forms for
the pay and quartermaster's departments; and for
the printing of division and department orders
and reports, thirty-six million nine hundred and
twelve thousand dollars.
