;1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
; 885
for this purpose, while it prevents serious depre-
ciation, is induced by the very depreciation in-
herent in the character of the paper which it con-
"tinually checks. It produces a self-adjusting
.fo.nding process, based upon things as they exist
in the commercial world, by which the disparity
. between the values of the two currencies ceases to
be an element of discord, and becomes, during
the temporary period in which the funding pro-
cess is going on, an element of good. In this
"manner, and through the happy instrumentality
which may in this way be exerted by these notes,
imperceptibly, and through the ordinary channels
of financial operations, the whole process of fund-
ing the public debt will be accomplished.
As the oceans never fill, though all the rivers
of the world are pouring their unceasing floods
in upon them, the surplus waters being imper-
ceptibly lifted by the natural law of evaporation,
and borne back by those invisible currents of air
whose coming and going are unseen and unheard,
to fertilize the earth in dewand rain, and then re-
turn through their appointed channels to be again
obedient to the same great law of divine utility;
so this paper currency distributed to the relief of
the people throughout the country, and flowing to
the great centers of trade and commerce through
channels as definite and fixed and known as the
natural boundaries of your rivers, will be by the
process of continuous conversion returned to the
Federal Treasury, and may be sent back again
to fertilize industry, and flow back obedient to
the law of human economy which started it on
its mission. Without this conversion, the oceans
of trade become full and overflow with it, and
the barren country behind- parches to a desert.
This is the necessity to which my colleague [Mr.
Spaulding] refuses to submit.
When the principle of the vacuum first began
to excite attention, and it was found that water
rose in it beyond the outside level, philosophers,
in their usually happy and lucid style, accounted
for the phenomenon upon the principle that " na-
ture abhorred a vacuum;" and when it was sub-
sequently ascertained that water stopped rising at
the height of thirty-two feet, and notwithstanding
nature's horror would rise no higher, philosophy
again came to the rescue, and satisfactorily ac-
countedforthis newphenomenonupon theamend-
ed principle that " nature only abhorred a vacuum
to the height of thirty-two feet.". Much the same
philosophy appears to pervade the committee in
their efforts to fund the public debt. The neces-
sity is admitted to the extent of $500,000,000, and
the further necessity of agreeing to pay interest
to accomplish it; but it is nevertheless insisted
that such necessity exhausts itself with the prom-
ise of the payment of six per cent, interest in
Treasury notes. Now, while necessity is a god
at whose altars I pay no willing homage, yet, if
we are to accept and act upon its decrees, we must
accept and act upon them as binding and inex-
orable. The only way to conquer our necessity is
to create another stronger than it. We have now
that power by making it the interest of holders of
coin to come forward to the aid of the Govern-
ment. When coin shall have become supplanted
by a less valuable currency it will be too late.
The interest of coin to remain in the country is
evidenced by the present currents of trade, and
the offering to it an inducement to unite with the
Treasury notes in the funding of the public debt
will soon create for it a necessity which will ulti-
mately remove the one under which we now labor.
One thing further is evident. If the debt can
be funded under the provisions of the House bill
it certainly can under the Senate amendments.
The Treasury has prided itself on its ability to
obtain money at the rate proposed by the latter
in more prosperous times. If it was satisfactory
then, it should be still more satisfactory now. In
this work we cannot afford to fail. The part of
wisdom is, then, to accept the greater safety.
When paper shall have taken the place of coin,
and the latter, true to its instincts, shall have taken
wings and flown away,it cannot be whistled back.
It is idle to argue that two representatives of value
of equal nominal amount,«but intrinsically un-
equal, will stay together and conscnt to becomc
convertible. The more valuable always abandons
the field.
One fact must not be overlooked in considering
this matter—that the security remains the same in
all cases, namely, the faith of the Government.
No inducement is offered by the House to fund
these notes in the nature of the new security. The
credit of the Government is alike bound for the
payment of both classes of indebtedness ultimately
in gold. Each derives its entire value from that.
The only advantage that can be then offered in
funding is the mere convenience in the form of the
security, and the payment of interest in a com-
modity similar to that which the principal repre-
sents.
The theory upon which the opposition seems
to proceed is that until Government pays out these
notes they are as good as gold, but that as soon
as they are paid out holders will fund them be-
cause they will be good for nothing else. Thfi
truth is, the more a man has of a depreciated cur-
rency the less he wants.
Now, we proceed upon a much more truthfuland
honorable theory. We concede that they are not
gold, nor readily convertible into if, but that not
being able to get gold, we are compelled to use the
best substitute we can. To undertake the use of
the paper of suspended State banks, even if it could
be had in sufficient quantities, would entail great
loss upon the Government in the way of interest,
exchanges, and depreciation. From this arises the
very necessity under which we are legislating. By
making the notes ultimately convertible into gold
by allowing them to be at any time funded into a
bond, paying specie for principal and interest, they
are kept as near to par as any first class security
can be not immediately convertible into cash, but
immediately convertible into a first class security
on time. In other words, the depreciation will be
simply the difference in the market of a check on
gold in bank and a first class time security of like
amount payable also at bank in gold. This depre-
ciation would not be heeded at all in the ordinary
transactions of life. Like the present difference
in value between gold and solvent but suspended
banks of established credit, it would only be heard
of on 'change.
The introduction of the Treasury notes in the
manner now proposed is no abandonment of spe-
cie as the basis of our credit; it can do at Icastbut
temporary harm with much good; but the intro-
duction of it as a medium for the payment of in-
terest upon the public debt removes the latter at
once from the solid foundation of convertibility
into the world's recognized medium for the trans-
mutation of wealth, and affixes to it the protest
of the world as the badge of its worthlessness.
It becomes simply a national promise under pro-
test.
There is to-day much more than the usual
amount of the piecious metals in the country.
The currents of trade were never better. Nobody
would wish our exports lessened, nor would they
wish our imports increased, simply for the duties
that might bo collected from them. Individual
economy is saving in the aggregate more than
the ordinary expenses of the Government. Our
unpleasant foreign complications compel us to
depend upon our own resources. To drive our
metallic currency from the country, is to deprive
ourselves of the only basis of domestic as well as
of foreign credit. There is no inducement for it to
leave, except as we by unwise legislation imperil
its existence here. The only real question pre-
sented to us is, whether by an unflinching adher-
ence to legislative fiction we shall discard the dis-
tinction between nominal and intrinsic values, and
allow public credit to perish, or whether, acknowl-
edging a variance which no legislation can remove,
we shall act accordingly, and thus make all the
resources of the country available for its salvation.
I wish here for a moment to divert from the
course of argument I had marked out, for I had
intended simply to give my own views, without
attempting, in detail, to answer the arguments of
others; but I cannot refrain, for a moment, from
referring to the argument now adduced in support
of the payment of the interest upon the public debt
with paper, becausc it is an unjust discrimination
between soldiers and capitalists.
Now, I do not know by what class of soldiers
my colleague [Mr.SpAXTLDi.VG] may be represented
in the field, but I do know the character of the two
thousand solders from my own county, and of
the four thousand soldiers in the field from my
congressional district, and I know that their pres-
ent condition as soldiers is purely ephemeral.
Their normal condition is that of citizens, and as
i such I represent them here; and they will appre-
ciate at what it is worth the appeal of my colleague
in their behalfas a class, as soldiers, in distinction
from their character as American citizens,
1 cannot but regard the whole argument as spe-
cious and ad captandum in its character, and not
calling for an extended answer. If the four thou-
sand soldiers to whom I have adverted were here,
and could have heard my colleague [Mr. Spauld-
ing] use such an argument, they would hare
turned to me and said: " Mr. Pomeroy, as our
Representative, it is your duty to defend the na-
tional credit; ours to defend the national flag. We
will take care of ourselves, and receive from the
Governmentthe same papcrwhich you decree that
the Government shall pay to you. We ask you
to look out for the old folks at home. While we
are away, the old homestead is being worked at
a disadvantage by hired hands; we ask you, then,
to tax it as lightly as the strictest economy will
permit, as much as the direst necessity requires;
but at all hazards remember the old folks at home,
and save the national credit."
While our Army, respecting whose seeming in-
activity so many unkind words have been spoken
upon this floor within the past few months, has
practically ended the war, we are still considering
the first financial measure, looking to the means
for its continuance; and a tax bill has not yet
seen the light. The impatience of the country for
the suppression of rebellion and the restoration of
Union and peace can no longer be diverted from
•the forum to the field. The mutterings of popular
discontent are becoming audible to our own ears.
The Army ceased their field parades in December.
We are continuing ours in February. Action,
earnest, wise, aed comprehensive,thatshall bridge
the chasm of our present financial embarrass-
ments is imperative. But do not let us undertake
to cross a chasm a thousand feet in width, upon a
bent one hundred and fifty feet in length. This
first bent of Treasury notes is well enough. The
others must be constructed from loans, and the
whole buttressed upon firm enduring taxation.
The materials are at our hunds. Let pride of
opinion and all personal ambition be laid aside,
and I know there is genius enough within these
walls to bridge the chasm, and carry over it the
public credit in safety and with honor.
Mr. Speaker, I have thought much upon this sub-
ject, but have talked little. Currency is a subject
about which I am not in the habit of di'scussmg. I
should have preferred to have voted on ,with no par-
ticipation in the debate; buttheerroneous impres-
sions which have gone abroad respecting this bill,
and which have overslaughed the consideration of
the most important feature of it, relating to fund-
ing the public, debt, with the much less important,
hut more novel, and, to the immediate creditors of
the Government, more interesting features, relat-
ing to Treasury notes and legal tender, seem to
demand discussion upon this amendment of the
Senate. Even the charge of disloyalty to the Ad-
ministration has been clamored to the winds by
greedy contractors, and reechoed by the sounding-
boards erf the country press, against those who,
forgetting other and more important considera-
tions , would not at once give wing to this new and
gilt-edged circulation. For one I claim to be loyal
to this Administration, so long as itcontinues, as
heretofore, loyal toils mission. No word of pub-
lic denunciation against it has ever escaped my
hps. I believe I have never failed to sustain,
whether it be to my credit or otherwise, any rec-
ommendation backed by a majority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House. As
amended by the Senate in this respect,I will cheer-
fully support this bill. In its original form I could
not, though it has been unpleasant to diverge from
so large a proportion of my political associates.
It were easier to have followed in the wake of in-
clination, and covered myself from criticism with
the mantle of necessity. I have preferred to walk
the plank of duty, trusting to time and practical
results for the vindication of its policy.
Mr. CALVERT. I certainly did not intend,
Mr. Chairman, to occupy the time of the House
upon this subject; but it is impossible for me to
sitm my seat and hear the monstrousarguments
of gentlemen who haveadvocatednon-coneurrence
m thatamendmentof the Senate to this bill, which
requires the payment of interest upon the public
debt to be in coin, without entering my protest.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Spauld-
ing] has told us that through the agency of this
