1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
word " as " to and including the word "for," in
the sixty-ninth line, including what has been in-
serted on motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and inserting in place thereof as follows:
One half of the capital stock shall be in good faith sub-
scribed for, and a sum not less than $j0,000,000 shall be
actually paid thereon and deposited in the Treasuiy of the
United States, to be refunded to the Pacific Raihoad Com-
pany.
M i\ Chairman, if this bill is to pass, it obviously
ought to be amended so that it will provide for a
genuine working company. Now, in the ordi-
nary charters of corporations in States, it is usual
to provide that on shares of fifty dollars five dol-
lars shall be paid in before the company shall be
organized, or, if the shares are to be §100, that
ten dollars shall be paid.
Now, this provision that $10,000,000 shall be
actually paid in, is no more than is required in
the several States of corporations chartered by
State authority. This company is to wield a large
capital, provided in great part by the United
States—capital in bonds and capital in land.
If this bill is to go into operation, certainly one
half the stock ought first to be subscribed. It is
the usual practice in the States to require the whole
stock to be subscribed; and is there any reason
why this company, which is to wield so vast a
capital, shall be allowed to be incorporated upon
a basis of two thousand shares, of which only ten
dollars per share is to be paid in ? In that case,
there will be but §20,000 paid in before the com-
pany may be organized. Any man may pay that
amount, and secure to himself all the gigantic ap-
propriation of land and money which it is pro-
posed to make to this road. I suggest this amend-
ment in good faith, and I hope it will strike the
good sense of the House that at least one half the
amount shall be subscribed in good faith, and that
not less than $10,000,000 shall be paid in.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As thesection now stands,
with the amendment adopted on motion of my
colleague from Pennsylvania, this company be-
fore its organization is required to pay to the treas-
urer of the company, who is obliged to give ade-
quate security for the faithful performance of his
duty, the sum of ten dollars per share on at least
two thousand shares, amounting in the aggregate
to $20,000.
Now, it,willbe perceived that before these com-
missioners can assemble together,even for the pur-
pose of organizing the company, they musthave in
their treasury $20,000. According to all precedent
in all of the oid States where companies arc or-
ganized by acts of Assembly, it is a very unusual
thing to make the subscribers for such a purpose
pay more than five dollars a share on their stock
subscribed. The only object is to have a suffi-
cient sum in the treasury to pay the necessary
expenses of organizing the company, as well as
to show that the corporation are acting in good
faith.
It will be perceived that this company cannot
receive one dollar from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States until millions of money have been sub-
scribed, and one section of the road constructed.
The gentleman seems to labor under the idea that
we are legislating for the benefit of the corpora-
tors, and that they may run away with the money
of the United States before they shall have done
any of the work.
The gentleman must bear m mind that in addi-
tion to the payment of ten dollars per share, the
company are compelled to build at least one sec-
tion of forty miles in length before they can re-
ceive a dollar from the United States Treasury.
The gentleman from Vei mont 4 believe has in-
dicated heretofore that he is opposed to the whole
scheme, at this time, foi the construction of <\ Pa-
cific wiilroad; and it is very evidently the result of
that opposition when he proposes that $10,000,000
shall be paid into theTreasury of the United Slates
bcfoie the company can be organized.
.Sir, no company that you can organize can
raise $10,000,000, and put it into the Treasury of
the United States as dead capital. To remain
there how long, and for what purpose? As a
-guarantee that they will carry out this project.
The guarantee is that they will go to work and
build forty miles of the road, and equip it be-
fore they can get a dollar fiom the United States.
That is guarantee enough, and the first clause in-
tended, and my col league in ton ded, that at least two
thousand shares should pay in ten dollars a share
to represent a bona fide company. Then, if they
do not proceed immediately, within the restric-
tions of this bill, to the construction of the road,
their powers become null and void. I hope that
the members of this committee, who are in favor
of the construction of a Pacific railroad, will vote
down this amendment.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I would inquire of
the Chair whether the amendment submitted yes-
terday by thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] was adopted?
The CHAIRMAN. It was.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the first section by striking out the word " stock-
holder," in the eighty-ninth line, and in lieu
thereof to insert the words, " bona fide holder of
"five shares of stock in said company." Mr. Chair-
man, I hope that the gentlemen who are conduct-
ing-this bill will agree to this very moderate amend-
ment. This is to be a gigantic corporation, and
it should be our object to provide, as far as pos-
sible, against any sham stockholders, or this*rail-
road company becoming a mere speculative con-
cern. I do not know but that the amount in my
amendment should be made higher than $5,000.
It is certainly an amendment to which there can
be no just objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think that it is a reason-
able amendment. I do not believe that a man
should be made a director unless he owns five
shares of stock, and has made at least an invest-
ment in the road of $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
question of order, and my point of order is this:
the select committee on this subject reported a bill
for the construction of a Pacific railroad, to which
bill I submitted an amendment in the nature of a
substitute. The committee have informally re-
ported a substitute for the original bill and for my
substitute. It was offered after my substitute, and
I make the point that, under the rules, the first
question in order is the perfection of my amend-
ment, and that for that purpose it is now befoie
this committee for action. I ask for the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SARGENT. The select committee re-
ported the original hill in March last; and before
the gentleman from Illinois submitted his substi-
tute, the committee proposed various alterations
in the original proposition. The alterations were
more than verbal, such as filling in the names in
the first section, &c.,and for the purpose of con-
venience, the committee submitted an engrossed
bill, which at the time was understood to take the
place of the original bill. That is the substitute
which we are now considering, and to that sub-
stitute the gentleman from Illinois submitted his
amendment. The gentleman's amendment is to
strike out all of the proposition of the committee
from the enacting clause, and we are now pro-
ceeding, under parliamentary law, to perfect the
part proposed to be stricken out before taking the
vote on the matter proposed to be inserted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand, when the
committee have perfected the substitute on which
we arc now acting, it will then be in order to take
a vote on the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois. His amendment is pending as a substi-
tute for the substitute of the committee, and no
amendment to his is in order until the commit-
tee's substitute has been perfected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My amendment, in the na-
ture of a substitute, was moved to the original
bill, and not to the substitute of the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
M$*. ALDRICH. I presume that the journals
of the committee will show how the matter stands.
I have the bills and amendments upon my file.
On the 14th of March the select committee re-
ported a hill, which istheftrstPacific raihoad bill
upon ourfiles. On the 8th of April the gentleman
from Illinois offered his substitute; and on the 9th
of April the special committee submitted a sub-
stitute for the original bill, which they leported.
On the 28th of Apul the committee reported an-
otheraiuendment. Now, sir, I think that the jour-
nals of this committee will .show that the substi- ;
tute of the gentleman was moved to the original j
bill reported by the select committee; and I think, j
therefore, that he is right in the question of order !
which he has raised. I am of the opinion that the t
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois is the
proposition now before us for action.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from Il-
linois will look at the printed copy of his amend-
ment, he will see it stated as having been offered
as a substitute for the substitute of the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I see that it is so printed;
but if the Chair will notice the dates he will agree,
I think, that it mustqbe a mistake. I distinctly
recollect that my amendment was offered as a sub-
stitute for the original bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. A point of order is already
pending.
The Chair understands the facts in this case to
be these: the select committee reported the original
bill, and then, on a subsequently, they reported
ai\ amendment in the nature of a substitute, and
then the gentleman from Illinois submitted his
amendment in the nature of a substitute. The
Chair must, therefore, overrule the point of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My substitute was offered on
the 8th of April, and the substitute of the com-
mittee was not offered until the next day, the9th
of April.
The CHAIRMAN. The dates do not change
the decision of the Chair. The amendment of the
committee was anterior to the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois. And, then, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, while it has
been offered in the House, has never been sub-
mitted in the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move it now. I call
the attention of the committee to its reading by
the Clerk, as 1 have made some corrections in my
substitute as it was printed.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
The proposition of the committee is a complete
bill, and not merely one section. The first sec-
tion has been amended, and something else sub-
stituted for it. Now, 1 make the point of order
that before the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois can be voted on as an amendment to the
fust section, the substitute of the committee must
be read through and perfected.
The CHAIRMAN. First comes the original
bill, then the substitute of the committee, and then
the substitute of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. SARGENT. Is the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Illinois to the first section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is for the entire substi-
tute of the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. I make the point of order
that it is not in order to move to strike out the
whole of the committee's substitute until it has
been gone through with and perfected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to understand how
this matter is. 1 understand that the gentleman
from Illinois now withdraws his original amend-
ment, and offers another modified or perfected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is the same, only with a
few verbal modifications.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand it then
as being offered as an amendment to the substi-
tute which has been adopted for the first section
of the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I offer it precisely as it was
offered before, with some verbal modifications.
Mr. STEVEJNS. Then of course we will have
to take a vote upon the matter which he proposes
to strike out—which is the substitute for biliNo.
304, and which was substituted for the whole ori-
ginal bill—before a vote is taken upon the bill of
the gentleman from Illinois. But the Chair un-
derstands the gentleman to offer it as an amend-
ment to the present amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman so.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 understand the gentleman
from Illinois as having withdrawn his amendment
as formerly moved, and to move it again, insist-
ing, however, that it is merely a correction.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood the Chair to
docidc that the motion I made was not in order,
but that it was in order to offer my bill as a sub-
stitute, and I did so. I supposed that I had of-
fered it a substitute for the original bill. That
was my recollection of it, but the Chair decides
that it was not so, but that it would be. in order
to offer it now as a substitute.
