THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
not want to deny the commander of the squadron
or of the ship an opportunity to remit that man's
sentence or to mitigate it. 1 would not allow him
to commute it into another penally thati that of
which he had been found guilty; but if he had
shown signs of repentance, if the commanding
officer was satisfied that he was sorry for the of-
fense he had committed, and that he ought to be
-pardoned, I would not deny him the privilege.
Then, again, there may be eases where it might
be necessary. Twenty petty officers and seamen
may be found guijty of an offense and they may be
sentenced to solitary confinement upon bread and
water for ten days. In the mean time, some great
exigency arises in which it may be necessary to
use those men. 1 would not deny the command-
ing officer power to remit that sentence and em-
ploy those men in the public service.
Mr. HALE. Public necessity would give him
that power.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, I do not know. I do
not think these officers are too much inclined to
leniency. I do not believe the power would be
likely to be abused by these commanding officers.
I am inclined to think as a general thing they are
in favor of enforcing the sentences of courts-mar-
tial.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on modifying the article as proposed by the
Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, to strike out the whole article as mod-
ified.
Mr. HALE. I confess I am not convinced by
the reasoning of the Senator from Iowa. I think
he is mistaken. If a man is sentenced there, and
he repents, how easy it is to make that report to
the Secretary of the Navy, or to the President; and
iai the present state of the passage of the seas it
would take but a very hule time. I confess, for
one, I atn opposed to the whole pardoning power.
If 1 had it in my power, I would take it away from
the President. I do not tfiink it should exist in
a government of law; but so long as it docs exist
by the Constitution, it should be limited exactly
where the Constitution puts it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word to say
in addition. Article forty-two of the law, as it
now stands, confers more power in this regard
than the section I have proposed.
Mr. HALE. We are going to repeal that.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether we
shall get it ihiomjh the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on sinking out the article as modified.
The motion was agieed to.
The Secretary read article twenty-one, as fol-
lows:
Art. 21. he the duty of a comt-martial, in all eases
of conviction, to adjudge a punishment adequate to the
character and nature oi the offen>c committed; but the
members oi aeouu may rccommeud the puison convicted
as doset vin 2 of clemency, and state on theivcoid their i pa-
son :> for so doing.
No amendment being proposed, the Secretary
read article twenty-two, as follows:
Art. 22. The judgment of every comt-martia! shall be
authenticated by the -.rgimtut e of the president, and all the
members of the same who may be piesent when the said
judgment shall be pronounced, and also of the judge-advo-
cate.
The Secietary read article twenty-three,as fol-
io ws:
Art 53. Courts of inquiiy may be ordered hv the Presi-
dent of tiie United States, the Secietaiy of the Navy, or the
commander ot a fleet or squad ion. provided such coin t shall
not consist of more than Um-e member, who Mini I be com-
missioned officeis, and a judge-advocate, or person to do
duty as such; and such courts shaH have power to summon
witnesses, administer oaths, and punish contempt, in the
same manner as coun* mastiai. liui^uchcouit^h.ill merely
state fact*, arid not give their opinion unless expressly re-
quired so to do m tiie oider lot convening; and the paity
whose conduct thai! be the subject of mquity shall have
permission to eross-exainine ail the witnesses.
Mr. HALE. Sometimes the men who are tried
by a court-nuutidl are not competent to cross-ex-
amine the witnesses, I therefore move—to winch
I suppose the Senator from lowawili assent—to
insert after the word " inquiry," in the three
hundred and fifty-ninth line, the words "or his
attorney;" so that it will read:
And the party who shall he the subject of inquiry or his
attorney thulj have permission to cross-examine all the wit-
nesses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the twenty-fourth article,
as follows:
Art. 24. The proceedings of the courts of inquiry shall
be authenticated by the signature of the president of the
couit and judge-advocate, and shall, in all cases not capi-
ta!, or extending to the dismission of a commisfioued or
warrant officer, be evidence befoie a court-martial, pro-
vided oial testimony cannot be obtained.
The twenty-fifth article was read, as follows:
Art. 25. The judge-advocate, or peison officiating as
such, sliall administer to the members the following oath
or affirmation : " You do swear (or affirm) well and truly
to examine and inquire, accoi ding to the evidence, into the
matter now before you, without partiality or prejudice."
Afterwinch the president shall administer to the judge-ad-
vocate, or person officiating as such, the following oath or
affirmation: "You do swear (or affirm) truly to record the
pioceedings of tins court and the evidence to be given in
the case in hearing."
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to insert several ad-
ditional sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To come in
before section two?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will read the sections proposed to be inserted.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the proceeds of
all ships and vessels, and the goods taken on boaid of them,
which shall be adjudged good prize, shall, when of equal
or superior forcc to the vessel or vessels making the cap
ture, be the sole property of the captors; and when of in-
feiior force, shall be divided equallv between the United
States and the officers and men making the captuie.
Mr. HALE. I thought there was an amend-
ment to be proposed. The section now read is just
as it is in the biil. It is no amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I had all the sections in rela-
tion to the prize laws drawn together. The one
just read is a transcript of the one that is printed.
The succeeding1 sections make some slight change
fiom the sections as printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Then the
printed form will be read as section two of the bill.
The Secretary read section two, in the words
of the amend'- ent just read.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to strike out the
third section and all (he sections in regard to prize
and prize courts, being down to section ten, and
to insei t the manusci ipt which I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to strike out from section three
to section nine inclusive, and to insert the manu-
script which will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the prize money
belonging to the officers and men shall be distributed in the
lollowmg manner: First, to the commanding officer of a
fleet or squution, one twentieth pait of all prize money
awarded to a vessel or vessels under his immediate com-
mand; second, to the commander of a single ship, one
tenth pai t of all puze money awaidcd to the ship under his
command, if such ship at the time of making tho enptme
was under the immediate command of the commanding
officer ot a fleet oi squad ton, and three twentieths ll his simp
wa  acting independently of such superior otficei ; thud,
the share of the commanding officer of the fleet or squad-
ion, if any, and the share ot the commander of the ship
being deducted, the residue shall be distributed and appor-
tioned among all others doing duty on boaid and boi no upon
the books, according to their lespective rates of pay in the
seivicc • tourth, when one or moie vessels in the Navy shall
be within signal distance of another malum; a pn^e, the
prize monev awarded <.hnll be apportioned m the several
vessels, according lo the lates oi pay of all on boaid who
aie borne upon tne hooky, after deducting one twentieth
for the flag effu-cr, if tin-re be any such entitled to share ;
fifth, no commander of a fleet or squadion shall be entitled
to receive any shaie of puzes taken by vessels not under
Ins immediate eommand, before they have acted undei his
immediate order- ; nor shall a commander of a fleet or
squadron leaving the station wheie he had the command,
have any shaie m the puzes taken by ship* left on Mich
station after he h-i-s gum; out of the limits ot his said com-
mand, nor after he has tiaristerred the eommand to a suc-
cessor; sixth, no officer oi other per-on who shall have been
temporarily absent on duty, or under oulers ti  m the ves-
sel on the books of which lie continued to be boinc while
«o absent. Mrall be deprived in consequence of such absence
of any prize money to winch lie would otheiwj.se be en-
titled.
Skc 4. Andbeit further enacted, That all ransom money,
sal vast', bounty, or pioecodsof fjufeituu* oi confiscation ac-
cruing or awarded to any vessi I of the Navy, shall be di.--
tribim d and paid to the officeis and men entitled (hereto,
ni the same manner as prize money, under the directum of
Use Secietai\ of the Navy.
Sfc. 5. And be it f atther enacted, That a bounty shall be
paid bv the United Stat< s loreach pei-*on on b >.nd any -hip
oi vessel of war belonging to an enemy at the commence-
mentot an engagement, winch shall be sunk or otherwise
destroyed m such engagement, by any ship or vessel be-
longing to the United States, or winch it maybe neeessaiy
to destroy in consequence of injuries sustained in action,
ot §100, if tiie enemy's vessel was of infeiior foice; and of
if of equal or superior force ; to be divided among the
officers and crew in the same manner as prize money; and
when the actual number of men on board any such vessel
cannot be satisfactorily ascertained, it shall be estimated
according to the complement allowed to vessels of their
class in the Navy of the United States; and there shall be
paid as bounty to the captors of any vessel of war captured
from an enemy, which they may be instructed to destroy,
oi which shall be immediately destroyed foi the public in-
terest but not in consequence of injuries received in action,
fiity dollais for every peisou who shall be on boaid at the
time ot such captuio.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the commanding
officet ot every ship or vessel in the Navy, who shall cap-
ture or seize upon any ves.se! as, a prize, shall carefully pre-
serve all the papers and writingjfoundon board, and trans-
mit the whole oHhc originals, unmutilated, to the judge of
the district to which such prize b ordcied to piocecd, with
the necessary witnesses, and shall transmit to the Navy
Department complete muster rolls of the officeis and men
entitled to a shaie or the capture, inserting therein the qual-
ity of every person entered on the books, with his late of
pay, on pam of forfeiting Ins whole share of the prize
money lesiilting from such capture, and suffering such fur-
ther punishment as a court-martial shall adjudge.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no person in the
Navy shall take out of a prize, or vessel seized as a prize,
any money, plate, goods, or any part of her rigging, unless
it be for the better preservation thereof, oi absolutely ne-
cessary for the use of any of the vessels or armed forces of
the United States, before the same shall be adjudged lawful
prize by a competent court; but the whole, without traud,
concealment, or embezzlement, shall be biought in, and
judgment passed theieon, upon pain that every person of-
fending hetem shall forfeit his share of the capture, and
suffer such further punishment as a couit-maitial shall
adjudge.
Sec. 8. And be it further enactcd, That no person in the
Navy shall ctup of their clothes, or pillage, or in any man-
ner maltreat, persons taken on board a prize, on paiu of
such punishment as a com t maitial shall adjudge
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That anv person enti-
tled to wages or prize-money may have the same paid to his
assignee, provided the assignment he attested by the cap-
tain and paymaster ; and in case of the assignment of wages,
the power shall specify the preeise time they commence.
But the commander of every vessel is required todiseouiage
his ciew Irom selling any part of their wages or prize
money, and never to attest any power of attorney until he
is satisfied that the same is not granted in consideration of
money given for the purchase ot' wages or prize money.
See. 10. And be it further enacted. That all money accru-
ing or which has already accrued to the United States fiom
sale of prizes shall be and remain forever a fund tor the
payment of pensions to tiie officer?, seamen, and marines
who may he entitled to receive the same ; and if the said
fund .-hall be insufficient for the put po-e, tiie public faith
is hereby pledged to make up the deficiency; but if it
frhould be more than sufficient, the surplus shall be applied
to the making of tuither pioviMon for the comtoit of the
disabled officers, seamen, and maiines.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say that these changes
in regarito the prize law are to this effect: so far
as relates to the commander of a squadron and
commander of a vessel, they do not affect them at
all ; but so far as relates to the men, the amend-
ment makes this change: it distributes among all
the smaller sea officers, the petty officers, the ma-
rines, and the men, their share of prize money in
proportion to the amount of pay they are now re-
ceiving from the Government, which is supposed
to be a fair equivalent for the services which they
render to the Government. Under the law as it
now stands we pay, for instance, a certain amount
to the petty officers. "When a ship goes to sea
with a full complement of petty ofilcn s there are
fourteen or sixteen of them, and a twentieth, or
whatever is the distributive share under the law
as it now stands, would be about a fair payment
to those petty officers; but we are no^woiking
our ships with a very small number of those
officeis; some of our ships have only three of
them. The result is that these officers get a larger
amount than they are entitled to, while the men
| do not get the proportion which they are justly
entitled to.
Mr. WADE. Does your amendment increase
the pay of the men ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. Then it is all right,
Mr. GRIMES. By the law as it now stands,
we pay firemen, whose duty is a very arduous one
on board a vessel, a large compensation, I do not
lemember the precise amount, but I think twenty
dollars per month. They, under the law as it now
stands, are included among u all other persons,"
and get a very small pioportion of the compensa-
tion, although their services are very essential to
the safety of the ship and to her speed in captur-
ing the prize. This proposes to give these fn emen
a proportion of the puze money corresponding
with the amount of compensation which tin y re-
ceive, which is supposed to be a fair equivalent lor
jj the services rendeted.
;j That is the whole purport of the amendment
j! which is pioposed. I will state that the sections
i! have been compiled and examined by gentlemen
