886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
$150,000,000 of demand notes we are to incur the
whole debt to be incurred by this Government in
the prosecution of this war. But he says that "if
we pay to bankers and brokeis a different cur-
rency from that-wluch we pay to other parties, we
shall bo doing injustice. Why, Mr. Chairman,
does any gentleman suppose that you can issue
no more than $150,000,000, or does that gentle-
man himself piopose to issue no more than that
amount of demand notes?
The gentleman tells you next that before the
war is ended it will probably cost this Govern-
ment $1,500,000,000. Now, sir, I wish to ask
this House a simple question, which any man may
put to himself in his own business transactions,
if a man wishes to go into the market to borrow
money, would he not do everything in his power
to raise his credit, instead of depreciating it ? I
take it for granted that every responsible man will
say 41 ay" to that proposition. Then, 1 ask you,
Mr. Chairman, if you raise the value of your
Treasury notes—not the demand notes, I do not
now allude to them, for they are a small item—I
say, i ask whether, if you raise the value m mar-
ketof yourTreasury notes, payable atgiven times
in the future, with interest, you arc not raising
your credit in the market?
Let me say to the gentleman from New York
that it is useless to talk about the injustice of pay-
ing brokers in one currency and other people in
another. When you have to boriow money you
must go to the brokers to borrow it. Farmers and
others may be induced by the brokers to invest
their money in your bonds; but they will not do
it without the advice of the brokers or agents with
whom they are in the habit of counseling; and,
therefore, it is the broker at last who holds in his
hands your credit, and it is useless for gentlemen
of this House to talk about a proposition to put
down -the brokers, who arc constantly dealing in
these notes.
Again: the more you advance the value of your
Treasury notes, the more generally you diffuse
them through the hands of the people of the coun-
try. Let the interest upon them be payable in
specie, and you will induce many to take them,
although their value may not be quite at par, and
they will be more likely to be funded than if they
are payable only in paper.
1 contend, therefore, that the amendment of the
Senate, in this regard benefits your credit more
than anything you can do. I am glad to know
that the gentleman from New York does not rep-
resent upon this question the sentiment of all the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I hope the Senate amendment will be con-
curred in by the House.
in my judgment, Mr. Chairman, it is time the
Committee of Ways and Means had done some-
thing more on the subject of our national credit
than to make a legal tender of paper issues. As
long ago as last July, Congress declaied that they
would taxthe people. Whereare those taxes ? We
are waiting now for the Committee of Ways and
Means; the brokers are waiting for them'; the cap-
italists of the country are waiting to see those
taxes. Gentlemen may sit here and talk about
borrowing money; they may adopt legislation
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to bor-
row money; but, Mr. Chairman, it does not bring
the money. But as soon as they see this Con-
gress laying its hands upon its own property, as
soon as they sec that we are not afraid to tax the
people of the countiy to any extent required to
sustain the crcdit of the Government, the money
will begin to flow into your Treasury.
I desire to say to the gentleman who this moi n-
ing remaikod that we must tax the people to the
extent of $150,000,000, that that would have done
for the Committee of Ways and Means at the last
session ofCongrcss; but it will not do now. When
you are incurring a publicdebt of §1,500,000,000,
it will not do to talk of a tax of §150,000,000. You
must neaily double that amount—^250,000,000
must be raised in the shape of direct lcvenue in
some way; and the sooner the Committee of
Ways and Means bring in a bill to tax every-
thing on which you can raise revenue the better.
The gentleman was very kind to the agricultural
interest this morning in his speech. But, sir, I am
willing that the agricultural interestshall be taxed;
but the committee, at the same time, must give us
a tax bill that shall include the manufacturing
interest, and every other interest in the country.
Let us all be taxed. Let the whole country be
taxed to its full capacity, and then you can borrow,
not $1,500,000,000 only, but $3,000,000,000, if
you need so much. The capitalists, then,who have
money to spare will he ready to lend it, when
they see ample provision made for the ultimate
payment of principal and interest. But they will
not loan you money to be payable in paper, be-
cause although you make paper a legal tender by
your legislation, it will not oca legal tender in fact.
As it has been said here, that question has yet
to be tried before the State courts as well as the
United States courts. You have heard here the
decisions of your courts showing that the regula-
tionof theinternal commerce ofthe different States
cannot be brought within the operation of this bill,
or at least throwing serious doubt upon the sub-
ject. Therefore that question is not deteimined,
and no legislation of this House can determine it.
But, sir, 1 contend that the best means of raising
the value of your demand notes, and your notes
payable on time, is to pay your interest in coin.
Gentlemen say that will force you to sell your
bonds. Should not the Government be required
to do as individuals do? Is not the merchant obliged
to do that? And why should the Government ex-
pect to borrow money upon any better terms than
the merchant? The merchant's property is all
liable for his debts. It requires your act to make
the Government liable, and I trust the House will
not sanction the doctrine that the payment of this
interest in coin would not advance the character
of both kinds of these notes. I contend that the
only way in which you can possibly have any
notes funded is by payinginterest in coin. Then,
if notes fall below par, they will be immediately
funded.
With those few remarks in explanation, I shall
vote for the amendment with the greatestplcasure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Our whole dif-
ficulty in this matter, it appears to me, arises from
our departure from sound principles in the first
instance. It appears that the House and the Sen-
ate have both decided that they will issue paper,
and make it a legal tender. 1 deeply deplore the
fact as a blot on our national history that cannot
be effaced; but as I do not now see it probable
that any other result will be reached, my only
purpose and desire is to perfect and pass the best
possible bill to be obtained.
I believe the Senate amendments are, on the
whole, a great improvement upon the bill as it
passed the House. I could wish that we might,
even at this hour, slaughter both the original bill
and the Senate's amendments, and then mature
such financial measures as would preserve a sound
specie-paying basis; but having no hope of that
now, 1 trust we may adopt the Senate amend-
ments, which will, in some degree at least, miti-
gate the evils to be apprehended from the bill as
it left this House.
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
SfauldinoJ talks as though it would be an aban-
donment of the honor and good faith of the Gov-
ernment to pay the soldiers in any different spe-
cies of money from that which we pay our public
creditors. I recollect to have read that Frederick
the Great, upon a certain occasion, directed his
minister, when he was about to seize upon some
province of one of his neighbors, to draw up a
proclamation justifying the measuie to the woild;
and his minister drew it up, commencing, " in the
name of God.'5 Said Frederick, " strike out all
about God, and say that I did it." Now, I recom-
mend to the gentleman from New York, when he
is talking about tins subject of compelling the pub-
lic and private cieditors to take paper money for
all debts heretofore or hereafter contracted, to omit
all mention of "honor and good faith."
But what is the fact in reference to this matter of
paying off the soldiers in any different money ?
Why, the fact is that we are going to pay them in
paper,according to this bill. Now, ifthese soldieis
were debtois and owed a grocer at home or here,
and could make a tender of this paper, it might
then indeed be ofsome service; but how are you to
compel the grocer, or any man who has anything
to sell upon which these soldiers or their families
subsist, to take this paper at anything more than
its market value ? Of course, if coin is worth more
than paper, they have to pay to that extent more
than they would pay if they had com; and 1 am
in favor of keeping our promises equal to com. In
my judgment, if we pay the interest on the public
debt in specie, it will have a tendency to keep up
the credit of the country, and there will be less
depreciation upon these notes than there otherwise
would be.
But, Mr. Chairman, the great object is to fund
some portion of the public debt. Now, it is per-
fectly apparent, not only from the statement of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Spaulding,]
but from the knowledge all have of the subject,
that our wants are large, and that we will be com-
pelled to issue our bonds or notes, or paper of
some kind, to a large amount hereafter. Now,
is it proposed to issue twice, thrice, or quadruple
the amount of this legal tender paper before this
session of Congress closes? Within sixty days
we must have at least twicc the amount of notes
which is proposed now; and unless they can be
funded into debts due at some future time, from
necessity, as we shall again be told, we shall have
to repeat the dose we are now offering to the pub-
lic. Anybody may sec that while it might be
possible for this country to endure §150,000,000
of additional currency, even if it did unhinge all
commercial transactions, that it would be utterly
impossible that we could absorb twice or thrice
that amount withouta vastcxpansion ofthe whole
monetary system of the country—turning even
sober and industrious citizens into the wildest of
speculators.
I have been somewhat astonished that gentle-
men from New England, and other portions of the
country where manufactories are located, should,
in view of the prospect of a further and indefinite
increase of notes* of this character—and if anyone
can see anything else which is to follow, he can
see what I fail to see—vote for a measure of this
kind. The inevitable tendency is to raise the pricc
of all raw materials, so that nothing could bo
manufactured in this country; so that everything
would be brought from abroad, using up whatever
there may be for that purpose, while the duties
would be cheaply paid in paper. Such a policy
as this gives every facility to foreign manufac-
turers, and none whatever to home manufacturers.
Put an artificial value upon the circulating me-
dium, and you place labor and raw material out
of the reach of the manufacturer, and at the same
time, if received for duties, diminish the value of
a specific or ad valorem tariff, as values abroad are
not affected by the quantity of our paper currency.
Now, one word in reference to the West. They
have there seen the evil of all this kind of paper
trash, and 1 regret to sec so many willing to thrust
it upon the whole country. It may be supposed
by some gentlemen from the West that they may
possibly derive some advantage from it. If that
was apparent 1 would put it to the conscience of
gentlemen how they could consent to any advant-
age which was not common to the whole coun-
try? I admit it is possible that that part Qf the
country may be somewhat more indebted than the
eastern and northerp portions ofthe country. But,
sir, I fully believe that when this war shall close
the West will recuperate as quickly as any other
portion of the country, whether North or East.
The West does not need, and would scorn, I am
convinced, any special legislation in their behalf.
Upon what is the West dependent for its pros-
perity ? Why, it is mainly upon the sale of grain.
Who fixes the market price-of grain ? Every tyro
in pohiicaleconomy knowsthat the surplus winch
is to be sold fixes the price of the whole product.
For any considerable part of the surplus that the
West may have to sell the price is fixed abroad
on a specie-paying basis, and therefore the west-
ern people cannot and will not be able to avail
themselves of the chief advantage, if it be any ad-
vantage at all, which may arise in consequence
of an inflated or cheap currency.
But, Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to enter
into a discussion of this question at any length.
The juices of this debate, as we are all aware,
have been already exhausted; but 1 wish, even at
this late hour, we might recover our equanimity,
get over our panic, and not pass any measure
here from a supposed high necessity. I do not
believe that our patient is in such a dangeious
condition that we nefcd call in quack doctors; for
| J say, with all respect, I consider this but quack
| medicine to relieve a patient that is in no need of
any medicine at all. I believe that if we could
stand up here in the vigor of a nation not yet
taxed a single dollar for the cost of this war, and
mature a proper policy by which we can negotiate
