1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who aie interested in the subject, not personally,
bat in the general theory, and have a general
knowledge of this subject of prize, from the war
of 18X2 down to this time, and I behove it has met
their unqualified approval. These are theonly ma-
terial changes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro fempore. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill, beginning with
section ten.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer as an amendment the
following section, to come in before section ten of
the printed bill:
be it fwither enacted^ That the Secretary of the Navy
bo, and he is heiebj', authorized to appoint officers to be
known or designated "prize counsel," one of whom shall
reside in the city of New York, and one m each of sucli
other poi ts 01 places as he may deem nece«saiy, whose duty
it shall be to entci ail appeaianee on behalf ot the captois
in all prize cases depending in any of the courtsof the Jut-
ted States, and to pioseeute such cases to a speedy denom-
ination m said courts; and they t-balI, as soon sis may be
alter their appointment, furnish the Navy Department a
complete list of ait puzoca-es depending within their le-
fcjjective distnets. with a bi let" statement of the condition
or' each case, in such form as shall be lequired by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and shall, as often as> may be icquired
tbeieafter, furnish a further statement of the condition of
eacli pi i^e case in bisdi-stiict,or ol any fin tiier pioceedmgs
had therein since his last leturn, such statement to be for-
m-died at least once ni every two months. And it shall be
the duty of the mai«-hal of each district in which such ofli-
cer may he appo.nted, to furnish said officer, on request,
with a statement of ail eases where prizes have been tent
to hi« district for adjudication since the commencement of
the present war, and the piesentcondition thereof, and im-
mediately to notify c„aid counsel of any prize sent to hi-, dis-
trict for adjudication. And upon the entry of Ins appear-
ance 111 any such case, he shall be entitled to scivice of no-
tice of any proceeding* in eveiy>uoh Ctw;, to attend and
be heaid in relation thereto on behalf of the captoi> ; and
a copy of all bills of cc t<, chaiges, and expenses claimed
to be'allowed to any officer ol said court, or any p-uty to
the proceeding, shall be served on said eouusej, with six
day*' notice of the adjustment and allowance thereof by
said court. And it shall be the finthcr dutv of such coun-
sel to pio* ecute all.-ueh eases of prize with diligence, and to
cau-.e them to be bioughtto a ^pp^dy determination, and to
that end he is hen bv authoi ized to serve notices ot heai im 
and of such ptoceedmgs as will facilitate the final d spo-i-
tion of such ease', upon the soheitoiy and puKtois oi any
of the parties who may have appeared therein, and to attend
to all appeals which may be taken m such cases, so as to
secure an cai ly hearing and determination thereo!, arid gen-
erally subject to the rules of the court to do whatever may
be necessaiy and proper to secuie and piotect the mtere-ts
of the captors in such cases. And said counsel shall be en-
titled to a compensation of three per cent, upon all such
money a«? may ho paid into the Treasury in pnze cases in
which he has appeared, which shall be in full satisfaction
of all chaiges. tiaveling,office, and other expenses in such
ca=>e?, and shall be allowed and paid bythe pioper Auditor
of the Tieasuiy Department, on being approved by the Sec-
retaiy of the Navy.
I will state in a word what is the purpose of
this proposition. It is very well known, I sup-
pose, by most of the members of the Senate, that
in some cases a large amount of money is in the
hands of certain persons m our cities that hus been
derived from the sale of prizes; in other cases ves-
sels have been sent as prize to the cities, but the
officers and crews of the capturing vessels have
nobody there to represent them, and hence there
has been a long delay in securing a condemnation
of the vessels and cargoes, causing a great de-
struction of property. The purpose of this pro-
vision is to authorize the Piesident of the United
States to appoint a prize counsel in each of the
principal cities whose business it shall he, when-
ever a vessel shall be carried as prize to one of
th^se pous, to act as the attorney and represent-
ative of the crew, at the same time that he is act-
ing as the representative of the Government, and
thus attempt to bring to a speedy and successful
conclusion these prize case-*, giving him a com-
pensation of three per cent, in lieu of all commis-
sions, clerk hire, and all incidental or other ex-
penses of any description, to be paid out of the
money, that shall actually be received into the
Treasury of the United States from the pioceeds
of these sales. I suppose that most Senators here
have received a great many letters on his subject
of complaint from officeisand men, because they
have not been able to realize os speedily as they
supposed they would the amount that was due to
them as prize money. Whether those complaints
are well founded or not 1 am not prepared to say;
but surely it cannot be to the detriment of the
Government that somebody shall be appointed
who shall look specially after these cases.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to inquire whether
it is expected to supersede the attention of the
district attorney.
Mr. GRIMES. Ifo, sir.
Mr.COLLAMER. TJiedistrictattorneypros-
ecutes these libels now.
Mr. GRIMES. Tiie peculiar purpose of this
officer is to look after the interests of the men,
those who are concerncd in the half or the whole
of the prize as it is in some cases. Where a vessel
is captured which is of a superior size to that of
the capturing vessel, the whole of the proceeds
go to the men on board the capturing vessel; but
those men have no representative in the port to
which the prize is carried.
Mr. COLLAMER. But if a man represents
the interests of the captors, he will of course rep-
resent the interests of the Government whenever
it has any.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, measurably.
Mr. COLLAMER. Can he not perform the
duties of district attorney in relation to prize
cases ?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose he could in some
measure; but in many of these cities it is impos-
sible for the district attorney properly to perform
the accumulation of duties thrown upon inm by
this condition of things.
Mr. COLLAMER. A proposition has been
urged at this session to increase the pay of the
district attorneysin consequence of their duties in
prize cases. If this will relieve them from those
cases, I suppose we shall have no more trouble
about that subject of salary.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose that it will relieve
them very much, and it certainly will relieve the
suiiors.
Mr. HALE. Thatsomeamendmentisneeded
in the present law in this respect, I have not the
slightest dnubt; but whether this amendment of
the Senator from Iowa will cover the case, I do
not know. I have had a number of letters on the
subject. I had one from a very respectable coun-
seloi-at-law, in Boston, who made a statement to
me which I was surpiised to hear. I have not
had time to visit the Navy Department since to
know whether it is strictly accurate or not; but
this gentleman, a memberof the bar in the city of
Boston, told me that he had made a number of
applications and was answered by the officers of
the Navy Department that they would pay out no
piize money until after the wai was over.
Mr. GRIMES. The Navy Department?
Mr. HALE. The Department he had writ-
ten to.
Mr. GRIMES. Was it the Navy Department?
Mr. HALE. I think it was one of the Auditors.
I have not his letter with me, because I did not
know that this question was coming up this
morning, and I cannot vouch for his statement.
That some remedy is needed, I am certain.
Whether this will meet the case I do not know.
I think pet hups the amendment had better be
adopted, and then let the bill he over. I will, how-
ever, fiibt move one amendment, and that is to
provide that this prize counsel, instead of being
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, as district attor-
neys are. It is a very impoitant office.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to that
amendment, but I ought to say in justice to the
Secretary of the Navy that he has no charge what-
ever of any money that is leceived from ptizes,
arid he cuuld not have informed anybody as the
Senator's correspondent says he was informed.
■ Mr. HALE i think it was one of the Auditors.
| Mr. GRIMES. TheTreasury Department has
1 entire eontiol of the money.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understand the Senator from Iowa to accept the
modification proposed by the Senator from New
Ham p&hire.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
[ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
I is on the amendment uf the Senator from Iowa
! as modified.
j Mr. HALE. There is anothcramcndment that
i I cannot put m form at this moment. TheSena-
I tor's amendment, provides for paying a commis-
sion of three percent. In some ot these cases the
fund may be §1,000,000, while in others it may be
only a few hundred dollars; and the amount oi la-
bor would be substantially the same in each case.
Mr. GRIMES. How do you propose to amend
that ?
Mr. HALE. I do not know how. I should
propose an amendment something like this, that
acommission not exceeding three per cent, should
be paid and that the amount should be determined
by the court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question'
is on the amendment of the Senator fro-na Iowa as
modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The tenth sec-
tion of the printed bill will now be read.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Sec. 10. J3nd be it further enacted. That every officer, sea-
man, ot marine, disabled in the line of hisduty, shall bn en-
titled to receive for life, or daring his disability, a pension
from the United States, according to the nature and degree
of ins disability, not exceed ing in any case his monthly pay.
The eleventh section was next read, as follows:
Sec. 11. Jlrul belt fur fker enacted., That all money accru-
ing, or which has alicadyacciuedto the United States from
sale of prizes shall be and remain forever a fund for the pay-
ment ofpensions and half pay, should the same bo hereafter
gianted, to the ofiiceis and seamen who maybe entitled to
leceive the same; and if the said fund shall be insufficient
for the puipose, the public lauh is hereby pledged to make
up the deficiency ; but it it should bo more than sufficient,
the suiplu-5 shall be applied to the making of further pro-
vision lor the comfort of the disabled officers, seamen, ma-
rines, and lor such as, though not disabled, may mcut, by
their biavery oi long and faithful seivices, the gratitude of
their countiy.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out that sec-
tion; the subject-mattcr has been provided for in
an amendment already adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
The twelfth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 10. Jhulbeit farther enacted, Thatin all cases where
the ciews ot the ships or vessels ot the United States shall
bo separated fiom their vessels, by the latter being wiecked,
Jo-t, ot destroyed, all the command, power, and authority
given to the oliiceis of tJich ships or vesf-eis shall remain
and be mi lull loicu as effectually as if such ship or vessel
were not so wiecked, lo>t, or deployed, until such ship's
company be tegulaily di-ohaiged fiom or oidered a<?ain into
the seivice, oi until a court-martial or coutt of inquiry shall
be held to mqune into the |n3s of such ship oi vetsel 5 and
if, by the sentence of such couit 01 other sausiactoiy evi-
dence, it shall appeal to the Seeietary of the Navy that all
or any of the oflicets and men of such ship's company did
their utmost to preserve her, and after the loss thereof be-
haved themselves agieeably to the discipline of the Navy,
then the pay and emoluments of such officers and men, or
such of them as ilmll have done their duty, as afore*.aid,
shall go on until their di->ehaige or death; and every officer
or piivate who shall, alter the loss of such vessel, act eon-
traiy to the discipline of the Navy,shall be punished, at the
discretion of a couit-niartial, in the same manner as if such
vessel had not been so lost.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the section
in the nineteenth line, by striking out " private"
and inserting " man;" so as to rend (i officer or
man."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the thirteenth section, as
follows:
Sec. 13. JlnA be it further enacted^ That all the pay and
emoluments of such officois and men, of any of the ships
or ve^els of the United States taken by an enemy, who
shall appear by the sentence of a court-martial, or other-
wise, to have done their utmost to pieserve and defend their
ship or vessel, and after l.iking tln-ieof have behaved them-
selves obediently to their siipeiiois, agreeably to the disci-
pline ol the Navy,shall go on, and be paid them until their
death, exchange, or dischaige.
The fourteenth section was read, as follows:
See. 14. Jind be it further cnactei, That each command-
ing officer shall, wheiievei n seaman enters on board, cause
an accuiate entry to be made in the ship's books of his
name, time, and term of service; and, before sailing, trans-
mit to the Secretary of the Navy a complete list or muster
i oil of the officer and men under his command, with the
d ue of their entering, time, and terms of their service an-
nexed ; and >hali cause similar lists to be made out on the
fast day of every second month, to be tiansinitted to the
Societaly of the Navy, as oppoitunities shall occur; ac-
counting m such li>ts, or mu.>ter-ioll , for any casualties
which may have taken place since the last li^>t or mu^ter-
loil lie shall online to be arcuiately minuted on the ship"1*
books the names of, and times at which any death or de-
seitmn may occur; and in case of death, shall take care
that the pmsci secuie all the pioperty ot the deceased for
the benofitof his legal representative or representatives,
lie shall cau->e frequent inspections to be made into the
condition of the piovisions, and use every precaution for ua
preM ivaiion. lie shall, whenever he outers officers and
men to take charge of a piize, and proceed to the United
States, and whenever officer^ or men aiesent from ins ship
for whatever cause, take care that each man bo furnished
with a complete statement of his account, f-peciu the
dite of hisenii-tment.and the period-and terms ot his ser-
vice: winch account shall be signed by the commanding
officer and pur&o. He shall cau-e the niles lor the gov-
ernment of the Navy to be hung up m some public pait of
the ship,and lead once a month to Iih ship's company, lie
shall cau^e a convenient place to be set apart lor sick or
disabled men, to which he bhall have them removed, with
their hammoc ks and bedding, when the surgeon shall so
advise, and shall direct that some of the crew attend thera
and keep the place clean ; and, if necessary, thall direct
that cradle*, and bucket * with covers, Uc made for their
