1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88?
a loan Mrm'imir «ui the credit of ilv country, stand-
ing on the pr.' pu&cd taxation of the country,stand-
ing on <>ur Jiiiiu rto untarnished honor, that there
c<i'i!d I-" ii«) whatever of a nsmttosuch a
d< «]M s'.lu m> 'lie one now under considcr-
alio;,. I hope, th-Tefore, thru we shall adopt the
hmv u;iirn nt t*r th« vSt.-s.at-'. I whsh that we might
go nu;c!i ftiiih T, hru that at least is better than
a ljicusm-. whose symmetry is only measured by
its i >:< hs-.ivi }y paper diameter.
Mr. DC Nrs. >Jr.Chairman, when this bill was
under consideration in the House, a direct vote
was taken upon the proposition to pay the inter-
est on t '.<• bonds coin, and the Hou.se sustained
ti £st proposition by a very decided vote. I do not
quite understand by what l"geidemain the bill
v/uit to the Senate m a different form. I voted
tii'M! that the interest should be paid in coin, and
I shall vote so now, notwithstanding the argu-
ments employed here to induec us to vote differ-
ently. The pi mcipal argument urged against the
Senate amendment is that it provides fur paying
our cieditors in different ways, and an appeal is
made to thu patriotism of the House to know if
we aie willing to pay different kinds of money for
our interest from that with which we pay our sol-
diets. Now, I shall vote fortius proposition with
the dnect view and object of making the paper we
off'T to th--> soldier as good as possible. I believe
that it is impossible to pay them in com, or I would
vote for that. It is necessary to make our notes
as good as possible, and if there is any equivalent
for com, let us approach that point as nearly as
possible. If we cannot dispel the cloud of debt,
lot us, at least, give it a golden lining. One mode
of sustaining the credit o£ the notes is to have
them convei ted into bonds; and in order to make
those bonds acceptable to those who have money
to lend we must make the interest payable in coin.
We musttry to inducecapitaUststolendusmonoy;
for u e have no mode of compelling them to do so.
The gentleman fiom Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
who hits just taken his seat, said that the West
expected some advantages from making Treasury
notes a legal tender. The members from the West,
generally, who voted foi making the notes a legal
tender, did so because we believed it to be a gov-
ernmental necessity. wanted a bridge to carry
us over the morass. We make it of tresselwork,
a temporary woik, to serve only until the ground
haidons. \Vc do not believe this war is to be of
long continuance. We do not believe the neces-
sity of the legal tender clause will long exist. I
think that those who were despondent ten days
ago have now great reason to rejoice. The rapid
succession of Union victories has filled every loyal
heart wiin joy, and I do not doubt but that we
shall soon be relieved from our pecuniary diffi-
culties.
Mr. ENGLISH. When this bill was under
consjdeiation the other day, I had designed to
offer a few remaiks in reply to what was said by
some gentleman upon the other side of the House
in regasd to the necessity of inserting the tender
clause in the hill. In regard to the constitution-
ality of the measure, I considered that question
entirely settled by myfiiend fromOhio,[Mr.Pen-
dleton,] and also by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Thomas;] and in addition to their
opinion, we have the opinion, vvhich I regard as ot
great weight, onanist, the constitutionality of this
measure, of a majority of the Committee 011 the
Judiciaty of this House, as their votes indicate.
Now,in rcgaid to tiie necessity of the measure,
I desiie to say a few words, and it is a pointnpon
which I have heard veiy little said in this House.
What is the financial condition of the country at
present, and what are its bonds worth now in the
mmket? We find that the bonds of_the United
States are to-day quoted in the New ork market
as celling at ninety cents on tiie dollar. Six months
a°o those bonds were selling at eighty-three cents
on the dollar. In spite of all this immense out-
lay, there has been an advance in the value of the
bonds and securities of the United States, Why
is this ? It is because the people have not lost all
confidence in the seeuiity ot tiie Government,
trust they will not; 1 believe they will not; l!'nl
sun; they will not, if we hut do nur^duty. i he
people have money in their hands. 'I hecountiy
is no more impoverished now than 11 «as six or
twelve months since. Capitalists hold money.
They arc willing to invest lit the securities ot our
Government in preference to any other securities
that can be offered to them. But they want to
know, and it is their right to know, from this Con-
gress what is to be the basis upon which these
securities are to rest. Sir, the country demands
—and the demand has been reiterated again and
again through the public press and the resolvesof
public meetings—that Congress shall pass a tax
bill; and that is the only basis, in my judgment,
011 which you can hold out an inducement to the
capitalists of the country to invest in these bonds.
It is idle for us to say what we are going to do.
They want acts, not words. They want perform-
ance, not promises. When the Committee of
Waysand Means report a proper tax bill, I shall
most cheerfully vote for if, and 1 believe that the
tax should be even more than has been suggested.
I believe that the people are ready and will most
cheerfully submit to any tax that we may prop-
erly lay. The State which I have the honor m
part to represent is ready and willing to contribute
its part, and has instructed its members of Con-
gress to use their best endeavors to have the mat-
ter so arranged that they may pay it in at once.
They want 110 Government tax collectors. They
will collect the amount and pay it in. And that
I believe is the sentiment in all the loyal States.
Now, with that state of facts, why should these
bonds be depreciated any more than they now
are? In order to make these bonds valuable to
those who have money to invest we must adopt
the amendment of the Senate providing that the
interest shall be paid in gold and silver. When
it is ascertained that the interest is to be paid in
gold and silver, then the bonds will be sought for
investment. If you issue Treasury notes, and
if these Treasury notes go into the market and
depreciate—as I trust they will not—what will be
the effect? The effect will be that, just in pro-
portion as the Treasury notes depreciate, in the
same proportion will the interest payable on
the bonds be diminished. These Treasury notes
answer very well as a means of circulation, pro-
vided the amount of the issue shall notexceed that
provided for in this bill. My opinion is that these
Treasury notes may answer a very good purpose;
but the moment their volume is swollen beyond
that, so soon will they depreciate.
1 trust that the amendmentof theSenate willbe
concurred in by this House. In my judgment, it
is the very best thing that we can do under the
circumstances. I voted for the issuing of these
Treasury notes, but against the "legal tender'
clause. Otherwise, I was in favor of the measure;
but the judgment of the House was against me 011
that point. I think that now the best thing the
House can do is to concur in the Senate amend-
ment; and I trust that it will be concurred in. I
had the honor to receive recently, from a high and
distinguished citizen of the United States, who
was minister to Russia in 1847-4S, a letter in ref-
erence to the depreciated paper curiency in Rus-
sia at that period. 1 will ask to have a paragiaph
read fiom that letter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
« Time is one fact cunnectcd witli paper depreciation,
thoueli based on taxation, and backed by the strongest Gov-
ernments, that I have not seen alluded to. I reter to the
paper money issued by ilussia during the ISiapoleon wars
ho old paper roubles, as they weie called. 1 hey had be-
come n.'arlj out of sight when I was in that country m
1847-48; buttlieir depreciation, reckoned in our currency,
would ho neai ly seventy-five percent, on the dollai. lliat
IS the panel rouble—old'eimssion, I mean—was worth less,
than twenty cents, wlnle the siher rouble, or its equiva-
lent wa' worth seventv-five cents in our money.'
Mr VALLANDIGHAM. The Russian paper
currency which I alluded to the other day was not
that referred to in this letter, but was of a later
date. I mention this so that there shall be no ap-
parent inconsistency between the two statements.
Mr. ENGLISH. The wiiter of this letter had
good opportunities to understand the subject, rie
also refeis me to the Russian minister m thiscity
for any further information in regard to it. 1 hat
is only the usual history of all similar paper issues.
There is a law of depreciation which seems to
affect them all. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
amendment providing for the payment of interest
in coin, will be concurred in.
Mr PIKE. Mr. Chairman, witn all due defer-
ence to gentlemen who differ with me on this sub-
ject, it does seem to me that this matter of the pay-
ment of interest in coin isacontroversy about goat s
wool. The interest willbepauhncoin many event.
The recent victories of our armies have changed tiie
whole matter. We have now to return to a normal
condition of currency. We are in the same pre-
dicament about currency that the Executive Was
in the other day about httres de cachet. One of the
most admirable State papers ever issued by this
Government, was that issued a few days ago frorji
the War Department, stating that the Govern-
ment has now returned to a normal condition of
affairs, and that all extraordinary arrests—in the
necessity of which at the tirae.all loyal men acqui-
esced—should from that time cease. / So t)ow,
while I was, a fortnight since, a most earnesf ad-
vocate for the revolutionary measure of an issue
of paper money, I have not been insensible to the
j logic of events. We have this rebellion under our
heel. Wo hear that sentiment echoed all over the
country, from village to village, from city to cijty,
and from State to State; and it meets a fitting re-
sponse in this Capitol. Let us, therefore, join,
not only in a general acclaim, but join, like sen-
sible men, in this grand march of events.
The question now before the committee has been
very well stated by my friend from New York,
[Mr. Pomeroy.] It is in reference to the sale of
the $500,000,000 of bonds. Let us sell them at the
largest price possible. There is no way in which
you can benefit the soldier or the taxpayer so much
as by getting a large price for your bonds. Of
course, if you hold out ail inducement that in any
and all events payment of interest will be made
in coin, you increase their market value. Coin is
now at a premium; but it will not probably be
when the interest on these bonds become due.
This provision will induce moneyed men to in-
vest in these bonds, while it will be no detriment
to the Government. Of all tiie idle and foolish po-
litical papers that were ever laid on the desks of
members, the most idle and foolish, in my opin-
ion, was that laid on our desks this morning,
wherein the calculation is seriously made that there
is not coin enough in the country to pay the in-
terest, as if we were so stupid as not to recall the
fact that this Government has been for years
past disbursing its expenditures of $80,000,000 or
§100,000,000 a year in coin. The interest on this
$500,000,000 of bonds would be |30,000,000 a
year. What difficulty will there be ill paying that
amount in coin? We know that up to the time
the Government began to issue Treasury notes,
its enormous expenditures, from $1,000,000 to
$2,000,000 a day, were paid in coin, and the dif-
ficulty, which the writer would exaggerate into an
impossibility, exists only in his foolish brain.
For these" reasons, Mr. Chairman, I not only
assent most cheerfully to the proposition to pay
the interest in coin, but I also assent to the cog-
nate proposition to sell these bonds at the highest
price wo can get for them. W e are returning now
to a solid basis. I hail the cause of the return as
well as the return itself. Let us sell our bonds to
pay the creditors whom we are under contract to
pay. We never can have a better time for doing
so than now, when an effervescence of delight is
felt all over the country, because of the victories
achieved by our arms. It is felt everywhere now
that we not only have a Government, but a coun-
try on which to base this issue. Therefore, I say,
let us now sell these bonds. Let us realize as
much money from them as we can. Let us pro-
vide to pay the interest in coin, and let us pay the
public creditors.
Mr. DIVEN. It strikes me, Mr. Chairman,
that the fallacy of all the arguments in favor of
this amendment consists in the fact that the
amendment fails to meet the evil. It is not pro-
posed to go back, and remedy the great national
wrong, national dishonor, and inconsistency of
the step that has been taken by declaring that
these notes shall be a legal tender. If this House
is determined to adhere to that, if—as the gentle-
man from Vermont has said—the child is dead, if
national credit is gone, if we are ready to assume
the humiliating attitude that national credit and
honor are dead, then the argument of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Spallijing] is sound.
The same plea of necessity which is resorted to
in support of the legal tender clause, will require
us to resort to every effort to do away with all
distinctisn between this paper money and coin.
The requiring the payment of interest in com will
have a tendency to make such distinction. It will
have that effect, and all that we can do will not
help it. Let me make one appeal to members.
It is not yet too late to retrieve the error. We
have not yet declared that we will compel men to
