1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
Laics of the United States.
S'/th Cong....2d Sess.
teenth October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
twenty thousand dollars.
For seventh of ten installments as annuity, to
bs expended in establishing and instructing them
m agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in
educating their children, and promoting civiliza-
tion and Christianity, at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, per tenth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Chastu, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians.
For eighth of fifteen installments o t annuity, to
be expended as directed by the President, per
third articic treaty eighteenth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For eighth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for pay of phy-
sician, medicines, and expense of care of the sick,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For eighth of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippeioas of Lake Superior.
For two thirds of twenty-first of twenty-five
installments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For two thirds of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
hundred dollars.
For two thirds of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dollars.
For two thirds of twenty-first of twenty-five
installments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
^September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
For two thirds of twenty-first of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For two thirds of twenty-first of twenty-five
installments for the purchas[e] of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth articic treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-foui, one thousand three hundred and thirty-
three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For eighth of twenty installments in corn, goods,
household furniture, and cooking utensils, agri-
cultural implements and cattle, carpenters' and
other tools and building materials, and for moral
and educational purposes, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nineteen thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for six smiths
and assistants, per second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, five thousand and forty dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the. sup-
port of six smiths' shops, per second and fifth
aitides treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the seventh
smith and assistant,and supportof shop,per sec-
ond and fifth articles treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand and
sixty dollars.
For supportof asmith, assistant,and shop,for
the Bois Forte band, during the pleasure of the
President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois Forte
band, during the pleasure of the President, per
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Chippeioas of the Mississippi.
For one third of twenty-first of twenty-five
installments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, four thousand one
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two carpen ters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, four hun-
dred dollars.
For one third of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty fou rth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-lour, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For one third of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of schools:, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen, hundred
and forty-twQ, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-first of twenty-five in-
stallments for pay of two farmers, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For eighth of twenty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnibagoshish
Bands.
For eighth of thirty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents.
For eighth of thirty installments of annuity in
goods, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For eighth of thirty installments for purposes
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for purposes
of education, per third articic treaty twcnty-sec-
ond February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For eighth of fifteen annual installments for the
support of two smiths and smiths' shops, per
third article treaty twenty-second February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For pay of an engineer to grist and saw mill at
Leech Lake, six hundred dollars.
Chippeioas of Sagiilaw, Swan Creek, and liladc
River.
For seventh often equal installments in coin, to
be distributed per capita, in the usual manner of
paying annuities, per second article of the treaty
of second August, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
ten thousand dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for the support
of one blacksmith shop, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollars.
Chippewas, Menornonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per fifth article treaty eleventh August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-seven,one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Chickasatos.
For permanent annuity in goods, per act of
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Clwctaws.
Forpermanentannuity persecond article treaty
sixteenth November, eighteen hundred and five,
and thirteenth article treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen Hundred and twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, persec-
ond article treaty twentieth of January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel, per
ninth article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five,and thirteenth article of
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three hundred and twenty dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
nt five per centum, for education, support of the
Government, and other beneficial purposes, to be
applied under the direction of the general council
of the Choctaws, in conformity with the pro-
visions contained in the tenth and thirteenth arti-
cles of the treaty of twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
Comanche!, Kiotoas, and Apaches of Arkansas River.
For ninth often installments for the purchase of
goods, provisions, and agricultural implements,
per sixth article treaty twenty-seventh July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the ninth of
ten installments of goods, provisions, and agri-
cultural implements, per sixth article treaty twen-
ty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
seven thousand dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
artiofe treaty seventh August, seventeen hundred
and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six,"one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article tieaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth articic treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eight
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth
