392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 5,
31th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
fifth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, fifty-
eight thousand dollars.
For twelfth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on sixty-nine thousand dollars,
being the amount allowed in lieu of the reserva-
tion of lands set apart hy the third article of Sen-
ate's amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, to treaty fifth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, three thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
Treaty of Fort Laramie.
For second of five installments, at the discre-
tion of the President, in provisions and merchan-
dise, for payment of annuities, and transportation
of the same, to certain tribes of Indians, seventy
thousand dollars.
Umpquas, (Coio Creek Band.)
For ninth of twenty installments in blankets,
clothing, provisions, and stock, per third article
treaty nineteenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, five hundred and fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias, of Unipqua Valley, Ore-
gon.
For third of live installments, of the second se-
ries, of annuity for beneficial objects, to be ex-
pended as directed by the President, per third
article treaty nineteenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, two thousand three hundred
dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for the pay of a
blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth article
treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For eighth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a physician and purchase of medicines, per sixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for the pay of a
farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the pay
of a teacher and purchase of books and stationery,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four,one thousand four
hundred and fifty dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, per fourth article
treaty first November, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-seven, fifty-five thousand dollars.
Forsixteentliof thirty installments of interest on
eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per fourth article treaty thirtieth [thirteenth] Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and forty-six, fourthou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
Yancton Tribe of Sioux.
For fourth of ten installments to be paid to them
or expended for their benefit, commencing with
the yearin which they shall remove to andsettle and
reside upon their reservation, per fourth article
treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, sixty-five thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians, of
Willamette Valley.
For third of five installments of annuity for
beneficial objects, per second article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
Poncas.
For fourth of five installments to be paid to
them or expended for their benefit, commencing
with the year in which they shall remove to and
settle upon the ti act reserved fortheir future homes,
/ per second article treaty twelfth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, twelve thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of one or more manual
labor schools, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand
dollars.
For fourth of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in fur-
nishing said Indians with such aid and assistance
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits including
the working of the mill provided for in the first
part of this article, as the Secretary of the Interior
may consider advantageous and necessary for
them, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, seven thousand
five hundred dollars.
Dwamish and other Allied Tribes in Washington
Territory.
For third installment on one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, per sixth article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and in-
dustrial school, and to provide said school with a
suitable instructor or instructors, per fourteenth
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of a smith and carpenter
shop, and to furnish them with the necessary
tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,five hun-
dred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,and
physician who shall furnish medicinesforthesiclc,
per foufteenth article treaty, twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For third installment on thirty thousand dol-
lars, under the direction of the President, per
fifth article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
for pay of teachers, per eleventh article treaty
thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for support of
a smith and carpenter shop, and to provide the
necessary tools therefor, per eleventh article treaty
thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician who shall furnish medicines for the sick,
per eleventh article treaty thirty-first January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, four thousand
six hundred dollars.
Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For third of five installmentsof eight thousand
dollars, under the direction of the President, per
second article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of all necessary mill fixtures and mechan-
ical tools, medicines, and hospital stores, books
and stationery for schools, and furniture for the
employes, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the pay and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming
operations, one farmer, two millers, one black-
smith, one wagon and plow maker,one carpenter
and joiner, one physician, and two teachers, per
fourth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, eleven thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For third of twenty installments for the pay
of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-Walla,
Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the sum of five hun-
dred dollars per annum, per fifth articlc treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for salary for
the son ofPio-pio-mox-mox, perfifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
hundred dollars.
Yakima Nation.
For third of five installments for beneficial ob-
jects, at the discretion of the President, per fourth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which is to be an
agricultural and industrial school; keeping in repair
school buildings, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars."
For third of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nine
thousand four hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnishing
the necessary tools and fixtures, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and fixtures therefor, per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings required for various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furni-
ture therefor, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the said confederated tribes
and bands of Indians may select to be their head
chief, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
Nez Perce Indians.
For third of five installments for beneficial ob-
jects, at the discretion of the President, per fourth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which to be an agri-
cultural and industrial school; keeping in repair
school buildings, and for providing suitable fur-
niture, books, and stationery, per fifth*article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', car-
penters', and wagon and plow makers' shops,
and for providing necessary tools therefor, per
fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming, and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpentcr, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
nine thousand four hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnishing
the necessary tools and fixtures therefor, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the hospital, and providing the necessary
medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for pay of a
physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For third of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings,for the various employes,
and for providing the necessary furniture therefor,
per fifth article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
