1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S?3
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
striking out the word.5? "laws made in pursuance
thereof." Undoubtedly the object of the bili as
it comes from the House is to prevent men who
have been warring against the Government from
holding office under it. I think the object is a
good one. That is the whole extent of the bill;
and the effect of all the objections is to get rid of
this obligation. I do no-t object to any amend-
ments that do not destroy the vitality of the bill.
I wanted men who took seats here to be required
to swear that they had been true to the Govern-
ment. The majority of the Senate thought other-
wise, and that amendment is nowadopted. 1 have
no objection to that part of the amendment- sug-
gested by the Senator from Missouri which
strikes out certain words, though f find other Sen-
ators think they had better be left in, or a part of
them at any rate. The reason I objected to the
words "levying war," in place of the words
"borne arms" was, thatit might be regarded by
a person taking this oath as requiring something
more, or that he could conscientiously swear he
had not " levied war " against the United States,
when he had, in fact," borne arms" against them.
He might not call that "levying war" against
them. It was to make the matter plain and clear
that I desired those words should remain as they
are; but I trust wc may be permitted to \ote upon
it. I do not think it is very material whether the
words are out or in.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator, by his re-
maiks, unintentionally docs me very great injus-
tice. He says the evident intention of all amend-
ments is to get nd of the obligation. Sir, I disclaim
on my part any design whatever to get rid of this
obligation. It would be in directopposition tothe
course that I have recently pursued in my own State
on this subject; and, in fact, to my whole past
course. J can assure the Senator that 1 do not wish
to get rid of the obligation. I have no objection to
taking the obligation justas he has it; but I think
the proposition that I make for its amendment will
add to the strength of the obligation; that it will
properly reach this matter; and'that it will accom-
plish things that cannot well be accomplished with-
out it. In fact, as it now stands, I do not think the
oath ought to be imposed on anybody. As I stated
before, I do not design to make any opposition in
the way of it at all; but when you require an in-
dividual when he comes into office to swear that
he will {i support and defend the Constitution and
Government of the United States, and all laws
made in puisuanre thereof, against all enemies,
foreignand domestic,"and that he wiU "bear true
faith and allegiance to the same"—that is to the
Constitution and the laws—I say it is more than
any man can do. Every man has a right to contest
alaw of Congress; and ho ought not to be required
to swear that he will support and defend any law
of Congress whntever. If you putin thatlanguage,
no man can take it. The courts of the country,
the judiciary department of the Government has
been given to lum for the purpose of contesting
and opposing the laws of Congress. I do not ask
that he should have the right to oppose them by
arms, because my whole life has been against that
doctrine. The Senator, therefore, does me great
injustice in saying or intimating that the object of
any amendments that may be made is to defeat
the obligation entirely. I disclaim any such pur-
pose. I design merely to perfect it.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to understand the
whole of that amendment. As I understand, part
of it, I should hope, would be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the Secretary read the
amendment pending.
The Secretary read the amendment, in line ten,
after the woid "voluntarily," to strike out the
words " borne arms," and insert the words
"levied war," and after the word " against"
strike out the words " the Government of."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want the question di-
vided. I hope that first proposition will not be
adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will bo taken on that portion of the amendment.
It is a separate proposition.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 19; as follows:
TEAS—3ress>rs. Browning, CarJile, CoJlamer. Cowan,
Dixon, DoolittJ"', Fcsscndcn, Foot, Henderson, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, Pearce, Powell, Saulsbury,
Sherman, WiiJey, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Davis,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of
Kansas, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the next branch of the amendment, in
line ten, after the word "against," to strike out
the words " the Government of;" so that the
clause will read:
I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never
voluntarily borne aims against the United States, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move, in lines twelve
and thirteen, to strike out the words "voluntarily
given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility there-
to," and to insert the words "not during said
period adhered to their enemies, giving them aid
and comfort;" so that it will read:
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never volun-
tarily borne arms against the United States Government
since I have been a eitizcn thereof; that 1 have not, duiing
said period, adhered to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort, &c.
Mr.TRUMBULL. If I had been drafting the
bill, I should have had no objection to those
words. I do not think they alter it. I think the
words that arc in are quite asgood. It is a House
bill. The amendment is not worth contending
about. I will simply say I would not adopt it,
bccause I would not change the words in the bill
as it comes fiom the House.
Mr. HENDERSON. I simply desire to say,
in reference to this matter, that I am exceedingly
anxious this bill should bo passed,butatthe same
time I am anxious it should be put in such lan-
guage as that a party can very readily know
whether he has violated the laws of the United
States in reference to the crime of treason. I re-
peat, I am anxious to see this bill passed, and 1
desire to put it in such a shape that 1 can vote for
it. / desire to give it my support; but I cannot
and will not vote for it as it came from the House
of Representatives. I suppose that will make but
very little difference. In all probability the bill
could be passed without my support; but for me,
I will not vote for it unless certain words are taken
out of it. It has already been amended, and
therefore it will have to go back to the House of
Representatives. The Senator will see ata glance
that there are certain words m the bill that he can-
not very well vote for. In fact he says, as I have
no doubt as good a lawyer as himself would say,
had he been drafting the bill he would have used
the words I use in this amendment; therefoie, in-
asmuch as it has to go back to the House, and the
words 1 propose to insert have been legally inter-
preted, and everyone knows their meaning and
interpretation, and inasmuch as we intend by this
law to reach the offense of treason against the
United States, we had better use the words that
for many years have had a legal interpretation.
I therefore hope the Senate willadoptthe amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will persist
that we are giving an interpretation to treason. It
has nothing to do with it. This is prescribing the
form of oath which officers shall take. Cannot a
man understand that? Is not the language plain:
" I solemnly swear that I have voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement
to poisons engaged in armed hostility thereto*"
Is there a man in America who cannot understand
that ? The Senator wants to insert technical words.
Will the persons to be elected to office, the clerks
and subordinate officers, understand whatis meant
by " adhering to the enemy, giving them aid and
comfort," half as well as they will the plain lan-
guage that is in the bill? 1 think there is no
trouble in understanding it.
Mr. COLLAMER. if the gentleman will in-
dulge me one moment, the words that the honor-
able Senator from Missouri proposes to putm are
the very words the court has decided do not re-
late to this rebellion at all. It has been decided
that the words, " adhering to their enemies, giv-
ing them aid and comfort," apply to public one- j
mies of the nation, and therefore putting them in <
here would not reach the case of a man engaged
in this rebellion. j
Mr. TRUMBULL, I think the clause had bet- i
ter stand as it is. Any one can understand the
provision.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes eight, noes not counted.
Mr, ^ TRUMBULL. I think the bill needs
amending on the Qd page, in the clause commen-
cing at line seventeen:
That I have neither voluntarily renounced my allegiance
to the Governmentof the United States, nor yielded a vol-
untary support to any pietended government, authority,
power, or constitution, hostile or inimical thereto.
I move to strike out the words, " neither vol-
untarily renounced my allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, nor," and to insert the
word " not;" so that it will read:
That X have not yielded a voluntary support to any pre-
tended government, authority, power, or constitution, hos-
tile or mimical thereto.
Otherwise, this clause might apply to a person
who had left this country and given in his alle-
giance to some foreign Government in a time of
peace and afterwards returned here. It is not the
intention of the bill of course to apply to such a
case. I move to strike out the words I mention,
and to insert the word " not" before " yielded."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. After the word "consti-
tution" in the twentieth line, I move to insert the
words " within the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
striking out the words suggested by the Senator
from Missouri. In lines twenty-three and twenty-
four I move to strike out the words, " and all
laws made in pursuance thereof."
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator to include in his motion the words "and gov-
ernment," in the twenty-second and twenty-third
lines.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to that.
I accept that modification.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 will suggest to the Sen-
ator, also, that the words " the Government of,"
in the sixteenth lino, ought to be stiicken out,
which would make it in consonance with the
amendment just adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let them be stricken out,
if that will make the bill more satisfactory to the
Senator.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. Those words
will be stricken out, no objection being made.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Browning, Chandler, Clnik,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, l'Yssenden,
Foot, Fo-stei, Giimes, il.ile, Iluilan, Uomiei>on, How aid,
Ilowe, Kins-, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Moi rill, Pornoroy,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Ttumbuil, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Witley, Wiimot, Wilson ot Massachusetts, and Wright
-33. ^ *
NA\3—Mcssis. Bayard, Cailile, Kennedy, Powell, and
Saulsbuiy—5.
So the bill was passed.
THE TAX BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr, President, I desire to
make a report from the committee of conference
on the tax bill, so called.
The committee of conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 312) to provide internal revenue to support
the Government and pay interest on the Govern-
ment debt, have considered and agreed. The com-
mittee propose that the House of Representatives
recede from their disagreement to various amend-
ments of the Senate. I will not read them over;
they are in number two hundred and fifty-three,
most of them merely verbal. The Senate recede
from sixteen of their amendments, and I will say
what they are. The first amendment is in regard
to the salary of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. The House of Representatives fixed that
salary at $5,000, and the first amendment of the
Senate reduced it to $3,500. The House of Rep-
resentatives agree to that amendment with an
amendment fixing the salary at $4,000. The Sen-
ate recede from their thirty-sixth amendment. The
thirty-sixth is an amendment in which power is
given to the Secretary of (he Treasury to increase
the pay of assessois in certain cases. That is
