1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
by, directed to teport to tlie Senate the present condition of
the Military Asylum, together with a detailed statementof
all fnnda which have boon receive.! for the benefit of that
institution, and the different sources fiom which they have
been received, fioin its organization to the present time ;
also of the disbursement of said funds, the amount of prop-
erty owned by said asylum, the investments and the bal-
ances on hand, and where deposited, the number of invalid
soldiers who have been supported at the asylum for each
year since its organization, together with the annual ex-
penses of supporting each inmate of the institution.
COASTWISE SLAVE TRADE,
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to give notice that I
shall at an early day ask leave to introduce a bill
to abolish the coastwise traffic in slaves, and to
prohibit the transportation of slaves under the
flag of the United States. In giving this notice,
I desire to say that there is a disgraceful statute
which still exists unrepealed, and my object in the
bill which I propose to introduce is to remove it
from the statute-book.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
*Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to introduce a bill
of which no previous notice has been given.
Leave was granted by unanimous consent; and
the bill (S. No. 297) to limit the appointment of
major generals and brigadier generals in the Army
and volunteers, was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I move that the
bill- be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia. I desire to say that I have
made several ineffectual attempts to do something
toward curtailing the number of general officers
in the Army of the United States, or at least pre-
venting the continued increase of them. It does
seem to me that the time has arrived when it be-
comes the duty of the Congress of the United
States to limit the number of these officers. We
are told every dtiy that this is going to be a finan-
cial war more than a war to be fought upon the
battle-field. If so, it seems to me that the time
has arrived when we should attempt to curtail
some of the expenses of the Government. We
have now between two hundred and three hun-
dred brigadier generals in the United States Army,
while the French army, the official register of
which I have before me, with a force of about
seven hundred thousand men, has only one hun-
dred and sixty brigadier generals on the active
list. We exceed their number to-day more than
one hundred, and yet we are constantly increas-
ing them, and increasing by the appointment not
of men who have distinguished themselves upon
the battle-field, not of men who have shown gal-
lantry in action, not of men who have had mili-
tary educations, not of men who have shown skill
in the handling of troops, but mere political ap-
pointments, men who, so far as we know, have
not the slightest military capacity. Why con-
tinue to increase them while the line of service is
being decreased? We are told that we want a
brigadier general for every four regiments. Each
regiment, when it went into the field, embraced
somewhere from eight hundred to one thousand
men; but they have been greatly depleted. Take
for instance some of the regiments from my State.
The seventh Iowa regiment lost nearly three hun-
dred men at the battle of Belmont, lost upwards
of one hundred at the battle of Donelson, atPitts-
burg Landing lost nearly two hundred more, and
from disease has lost another hundred or two, so
that now it is actually reduced to somewhere in
the neighborhood of two hundred men; the sec-
ond is reduced in the same way; so are the eighth,
the twelfth, and the fourteenth, from the same
causes. You can embrace a dozen such frag-
ments of regiments in one* brigade; and instead of
increasing the number of brigadier generals all the
time as the war progresses, it is our interest ami
our duty to decrease them. I commend this sub-
ject to the attention of the Military Committee of
the Senate; and whatever may be their action on
the subject, I can say hereafter that I have done
whatever lay in my power to stop this constant
increase of general officers in the Army.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to hear the bill read.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides that
the third section of the act of July 25, 1811, en-
titled "An act in addition to an act to authorize
the employment of volunteers to aid in enforciri"
the laws and protecting the public property, an'
proyed July 22, 1861," shall be so construed as
not to allow the appointment of moie than twenty
major generals and two hundred brigadier gen-
erals in the Army and volunteers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection certainly to the reference of the bill. I
will say that it is the opinion of the Committee
on Military Affairs that we have had or are having
too many of these general officers made; and we
have now before us in the committee quite a large
number of these nominations, and I think it will
be some time before they will'be reported, with
perhaps here and there an exception of some im-
portant man. I repeat that I have no objection
to the reference of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] suggests that I amend the bill by fix-
ing the number of brigadiers at one hundred and
fifty, instead of two hundred. I suppose it is well
enough to leave the bill as it is, and let the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs change it if they think
Froper; but I desire to say in this connection that
have been told by two generals of the Army,
who have no interest either in the increase or in
the decrease of the number, who arc skillful offi-
cers, whose opinion I rely upon, that there is not
the slightest necessity for more than one hundred
brigadier generals in our Army; but 1 leave the
number to be fixed by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
APPOINTMENTS IN TUB MARINE CORPS.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire if it be not practicable and expedient to
regulate by law the selection and appointment of officers in
the Marine Corps,
I want to make a single statement, that the Sen-
ate may understand this matter, for I think it re-
quires action. The selection of officers in the
Navy is regulated by law by the appointment of
midshipmen at the Naval Academy; the selection
of officers in the regular Army is regulated by the
appointment of cadets at the Military Academy;
but the appointment of officers for the Marine
Corps is left without any regulation; and the re-
sult is that the appointmentsare generally matters
of favoritism, and they are huddled together, great
quantities from some States, and few or none from
others. I think the Committee on Naval Affairs
may be enabled to piescnt some scheme which
will equalize and distribute them as the officers of
the other corps are.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
DISCHARGE OP ENLISTED MEN.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Military Affaiis and
the Militia, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
289) to facilitate the discharge of enlisted men for
physical disability, to report it back and recom-
mend its passage. I am also directed to ask the
Senate to put it upon its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
empower the medical inspector general, or any
medical inspector, to discharge from the service
of the United States any soldier or enlisted man
laboring under any physical disability which
makes it disadvantageous to the service that he
be retained therein; and the certificate m writing
of the inspector general or medical inspector, set-
ting forth the existence and nature of such phys-
ical disability, is to be sufficient evidence of the
discharge; but it is provided that every such cer-
tificate shall appear on its face to have been founded
oil personal inspection of the soldier discharged,
and shall specifically describe the nature and origin
of his disability; and that the discharge shall be
without prejudice to the right of the soldier to the
pay due him at its date.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that anybody will oppose the bill, or that it
needs any explanation. I will simply say in re-
gard to it that for the last few months there has
been collected a large class of soldiers with dis-
eases developed by the service or by the climate,
or the change of life, who arc unfitted for duty,
and there is every probability that they will con-
tinue to be unfit for duty. They generally desire
to go home. This class of men have made appli-
cations often, and in large numbers, and the War
Office has endeavored, as far as possible, to facil-
itate their discharge. Of comae they cost the Gov-
ernment large sums of money and render no ser-
vice, if they are not discharged. The difficulty
has been in the medical department. We have
passed a bill to reorganize thatdepartment,and the
provisions of that bill require an inspector general
and eight medical inspectors to be appointed,
whose business it is to visit the hospitals; and this
bill provides that the inspector general and these
eight inspectors may on their certificate upon per-
sonal examination give discharges. We have sev-
eral thousand of these men scattered about our
hospitals that, for the good of the country and for
their own good, ought to be discharged and sent
home; ninety-nine in one hundred of them want
to go home. They are of no service to the Gov-
ernment, but subject it to a large bill of expense.
The bill meets entirely the approbation of the med-
ical department of the Army, of the new Surgeon
General, and if it is passed, as we hope it will be
promptly, it will be carried out and will save thou-
sands of dollars to the Treasury, and bo a real re-
lief to those soldiers who are in ill health and who
desire to return home to their families.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs if the Department has not now the power
to discharge upon a surgeon's certificate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that the War Dcpartmentareentirelysatis-
fied with the mode provided in this bill. The law
is now, that a surgeon may give a certificate of
disability; but there is so much form about the
process, it is so long, and there is so much of it,
that it is very difficult for the men to get discharges.
Now, however, having these new inspectors, it
is thought that we may very well allow them to
give discharges upon personal inspection. The
Government cannot suffer by it, and the men will
be relieved.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not interpose any
objection to the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I donot want to interpose any
objection to this bill, and I think something of
the kind ought to pass; but it strikes me that it
is very necessary that that office which has charge
of the /jersonne! ofthe Armyshould know who is
discharged and who is not. If it is all going to
be doneunderthe direction ofthe Surgeon General,
and the records are kept at the Surgeon General's
office, how will they know it? If this bill passes,
it will be the Surgeon General who will know
what is the condition of your Army and not the
Adjutant General, who has exclusive charge ofthe
personnel of your service. ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let him report to the Adju-
tant General.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. He can re-
port to the Adjutant General.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill does not require him
to report.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let the
Senator offer an amendment requiring it to be
done.
Mr. GRIMES. What I say is this, that your
Adjutant General will at no time know how many
men there are in the service, unless you require
that each man, as he is discharged, shall be re-
ported to the Adjutant General, who keeps the
records of the personnel of the entire service. If
you allow the Surgeon General to discharge a man
on one account, and then another officer to dis-
charge him on another, nobody will know how
large your Army is.
Mr.WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I donotthink
there will be any practical difficulty in this matter,
because a person sent to the hospital is supposed to
carry with him the muster roll, or his evidence of
being a soldier. If he does not do it, his company
officer neglects his duty. In some cases, when in
a hurry they have neglected it, it has required a
great deal of labor and trouble to have that matter
regulated. When a man is discharged, he has to
receive his pay, and go regularly through pre-
scribed forms. There is no trouble about it; but
I think a simple remedy to all these objections
would be to insert that the officer so acting shall
report his action to the Adjutant Genera! 's office.
Mr. CLARK. It had better lie over.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. It has been
suggested by the gentleman from New Hampshire
that the bill bad better lie over until to-morrow.
I I certainly do not wish to press it this morning
1 against the wish of anybody, and therefore I will
consent to let it lie over.
