1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be passed
over at the suggestion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
COLLECTION OP DUTIES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 296)
supplementary to an act approved on the 13th of
July, 1861, entitled "An act to provide for the col-
lection of duties on imports and for other pur-
poses," have directed me to report the same back
with an amendment,and with a recommendation
that it pass; and I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to act upon this bill now.
It is a very important measure and is of immedi-
ate and pressing necessity. It proposes to give
the control of the commerce of the ports we are
about opening, New Orleans, Beaufort, and others,
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and to give him
extraordinary powers.
Mr. SUMNER. It does seem to me that we
ought to see a bill of such importance in print
before acting upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there is any objection,
of course I shall not press it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not make any objection.
If my friend says it is of such imperative import-
ance that it should be acted upon at once, I shall
interpose no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is deemed so, and the
Committee on Commerce have made a very care-
ful examination of it.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to interpose an
objection, and shall not; but I have an important
amendment that I want to offer to that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
go the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be printed, with the
amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
printed, as a matter of course, coming from a com-
mittee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to the
printing of the amendments.
Mr. HALE. The amendment I propose to
offer is a bill which has already passed the Senate
limiting the enormous and extravagant compen-
sation of officers of customs.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Senator
that the Committee on Commerce have placed that
identical amendment upon the bill already.
Mr. HALE. Then I am glad of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the bill is not now under consider-
ation".
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WADE. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the homestead bill.
The motion w^ agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the biil (H. R. No. 125) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain, and
to provide a bounty for soldiers in lieu of grants
of the public lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first busi-
ness in order will be the consideration of the
amendments reported by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The first amendment of the committee was in
line seven of the first section, after the words
"United States," to insert the words " who has
never borne arms against the United States Gov-
ernment, orgiven aid and comfort to its enemies."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
lines ten and eleven of the first section, to strike
out the words " free of cost, one hundred and
sixty acres," and toinseit " one quarter section;"
so that the clause will read:
Shall, from and after the 1st of Januaiy, 1863, be entitled
to enter one quarter section of unappropriated public lands,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line six of the second section, after the word" age,"
to insert the words " and that he has never borne
arms against the Government of the United States,
or given aid and comfort to its enemies."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line twelve of the second section, after the word
" the," to insert the word " said," and after the
word " receiver," to insert the words 14 and on
payment of ten dollars;" so that the clause will
read:
And upon filing the said affidavit with the register or
receiver, and on payment of ten dollars, he or she shall
thereupon be permitted to enter the quantity of land spe-
cified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,
after line twenty-four of section two, to insert the
words:
And shall make affidavit that no part of said land has
been alienated, and that he has borne true allegiance to the
Government of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
lines twenty-eightand twenty-nine of section two,
to strike out the words " on payment of ten dol-
lars;" so that the clause will read:
Then, in such case, he, she, or they, if at that time a cit-
izen ot the United States, shall be entitled to a patent, as in
other cases provided for by Lnv.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line seven of section five,afterthe word "or," to
strike out the words " abandoned the said entry,"
and to insert " shall have ceased to occupy said
land;" so that it will read:
That if, at any time after the filing of the affidavit, as re-
quued in the second section of this act, and before the ex-
piration of the five years aforesaid, it shall be proven, after
due notice to the settlei, to the satisfaction of the register
of the laud office, that the peison having filed such affidavit
shall have actually changed his or her residence, or shall
have ceased to occupy said land foi more than six months
at any time, then, and in that event, the land so entered
shall revert to the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line two of section six, to strike out the words
" make more than one entry," and to insert " ac-
quire title to more than one quarter section;" so
that it will read:
That no individual shall be permitted to acquire title to
more than one quaiter section under the piovisions of this
act, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line fourteen of section six, after the woid " is-
sued," to insert the words " but this shall not be
construed to enlarge the. maximum of compen-
sation now prescribed by law for any register or
receiver;" so that the clause will read;
And that the legister*. and lcceivers of the several land
offices shall be entitled to toceivc the same compensation
tor any lands enteied under the provisions of this act that
they aie now entitled to leeeive when the same quality of
land H entered with money, one half to he paid by the per-
son making the application at the timeot so doing, and the
other half on the i-«-uc of the certificate by the peison to
whom it may be issued ; but this shall not be coustiued to
enlarge the maximum of compensation now prescribed by
law for any register or receiver.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the seventh section in the following
words:
Sec. 7. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all commissioned
and non-com missioned officers, musicians, or privates who.
have peil'ormed, or who bhall heieafter perform, mihtaiy
service under the proclamation of the President of the loth
of Apul, 1561, or any of the acts of the fust session of the
Timty-Seventh Congress, or under any acts which may
hereafter be passed by Congress during the present war with
States in rebellion against the Fedeial Government, oi war
with any foreign nation during the same; and all militia,
volunteers, or State troops of any description, of any State
or Terutoiy, who have performed, or who shall hereafter
perform, any nnlitaiy service in aid of the Federal Govern-
ment, or m defense of their own State or Territory, against
armed forces in rebellion against the Federal Government;
and also every officer, commissioned and non-commts-
sioned, seaman, ouhnary seaman, flotilla man, marine,
clerk, and landsman who have pcrfonncd, or shali heieafter
perform, service in the Navy of the United States in the
present war, or in any foreign war during the same, shall be
entitled to the light of homestead secured by this act, any
limitation hereinbefoie contained to the contrary notwith-
standing: Prowled, however, That as to all teamsters and
wagonmasters who have been or shall hereafter be em-
ployed under direction of competent authority in the pies-
ent war, or anv foreign war during the same, shall be enti-
tled also to the" right of homestead secured by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the eighth section in the following
words:
8. And beit further enacted, That, in lieu of bounty
laud grant-, each of the three months volunfeets, officeis,
non-commissioned officeis. musicians, and privates, called
into mihtaiy i\ ice urnlci tin* pioelamaiion oi the Piesi-
dentot the'loth of Apiil, IfcOJ, mul who have perfonned
service during the peiiod ot unee months, or been honoia-
bly discharged within that period, and the widow-, if there
be one, and if not, then the legal heirs, of all of such three
months volunteers as shall have died or been.killed in ser-
vice during said term, shall, in addition to the right of home-
stead secured by this act, be entitled to receive from the
Treasury of the United States the sum of thirty dollars.
And all commissioned and non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and privates of volunteers, enlisted ill pursuance of
the act of July 2*2,1861, who shali have served for ja period
of not less than six months, or have been honorably dis-
charged within that period, and the widow, if there he one,
and if not, then the legal heirs of such as die or may be
killed in service, shall be entitled to receive the $100 pro-
vided for by said act of July 22,1861, in addition also to the
right of homestead secured by this act: Provided, That In
case of the death of any person entitled to the said bounties
of thirty dollars or $100, as the case, may be, after the ac-
cruing of his right tbeieto by his honorable discharge or by
the expiration of his term of service,as hereinbeforelimited
and expressed, the widow, if there be one, and if not, then
the legal heirs, shall have the right to receive the same:
And pro vided. further, That in no case shall the said boun-
ties be liable to be taken for the debts of either the person
originally entitled to the same, or his widow or legal heirs
in case of his death; and also that the pay of the private
soldier, seaman, or marine shali in no case be liable to be
taken for hi< debts, or the debts of his widow or legal heirs
in case of his death.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to-
strike out the ninth section, in the folio wing words:
Sec. 9. And he it further enactcd, That the proof of ser-
vice to entitle any one to the right of homestead secured
by this act, by reason of having performed service as here-
inbefore limited and expressed, shall be the same as now
provided for by the several existing laws granting bounty
lands to soldiets.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of jthe committee was to
strike out the tenth section,in thefollowing words:
Sec.10. And be it fuither enacted, That the period during
which any one perionning service within the meaning oi
tin4! act may have been held as a prisoner of war shaft be
teckoned a part of his active service in ascertaining whether
such person is entitled to the benefits of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the eleventh section, in the following
words:
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That no claim for the
bounties aforesaid fhali be assignable or transferable in any
manner whatever until the same shall have been ascer-
tained and allowed by the propci department; and all sales,
moitg-ige^, contract^, or agieeiin'isw, of any natuie what-
ever,'made pi tor thereto, for the purpose oi with intent of
alienating, pledging, or moitgaging any such claim, are
hereby declared, and shall be held, null and void.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following as a new section:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted^ That the fifth section
of the act entitled "An act in addition to an act more ef-
fectually to piovule for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved the 3d ot March, 185^, shall extend to all oaths,
affirmations, and affidavits, lequired or authoiized by this
act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following as a new section:
Sec. 8. And be it farther cnacted, That nothing in this
act shall be so con&tiucd as to prevent any person who has
availed linn or herself of the benefit of the first section of
this act from paying the minimum price, oi the price to
which the same may have graduated, for the quantity of
land soenteied at any tune before the expiration of the five
yeais, and obtaining a patent thercfoi from the Government
as in other cases provided by law. on making proof of set-
tlement and cultivation as provided by existing laws grant-
ing preemption rights.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDEIVT^ro tempore. All the amend-
ments reported by the committee have now been
acted on. The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Car-
lile] offers a substitute for the whole bill, which
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the fol-
lowing :
That all commissioned and non-commissioned officers,
musicians, oi privates, who have perfoimed or who shall
heieafter perform military service under the proclamation
of the President of the 15th of April, 1861, or any of the acts
of the fiisr session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, or under
anv acts* which may hereafter be parsed by Congiess dur-
ing the present war with States m rebellion against the
Federal Government, or war with any foreign nation during
the same; and all mihtui. volunteers, or State troops of any
description, of any State or Territory, who have performed
or who shall hereafter perform any military service in aid
of the Federal Government, or in defense of their own
State or Territory, against armed forec in rebellion against
the Fedeial Government; and also every officer, commis-
sioned and non-commrssioned, seaman, oidinary seaman,
flotilla man, maiine. cl<nk, and landsman, who have pei
formed or shall hereafter perform seivice in the Navy of the
United States, 111 the present war or in any foreign wardur-
