1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28t5
facture." Tliat is an amendment which was pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
so aa to make the duties apply to those articles
manufactured after the 1st of August and those
which are manufactured and not removed from
the place of manufacture prior to the 1st of Au-
gust, in order to have the different places of manu-
facture all clear, that there may be no dispute as
to what was manufactured before and what after.
The House lecedo fiom their disagieement to
the two hundred and thirty-second amendment of j
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment striking out "July "and inserting" August."
The House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and thirty-eighth amendment,
and agree to the same with an amendment striking
out " for which no license is required by law,"
and inserting " by judicial or executive officers
making auction sales by virtue of the judgment
or decree of any court, or to public sales made by
executors or administrators."
The Senate recede from their two hundred and
forty-first amendment, andagree to section seven-
ty-six of the bill which that amendment proposed
to strike out, with the following amendments:
strike out the words " watches and piano fortes,"
in the title to the section, and substitute in lieu
thereof"yachts;"in lmefive of said section, strike
out "watch, piano foi to," and insert "yacht,"
and then strike out all from hue twenty-four, and
soon. The amount of it is that the duties on
watches and piano fortes are struck out, that oil
yachts is retained; the duty oil carnages costing
over seventy-five dollars is retained, the duty mi
plate is retained, the duty 011 billiard tables is
retained, reducing the amount from twenty to
ten dollars, and the duty on dogs is struck out.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and fifty-seventh amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows:stnke out the proviso at the end
of said amendment. The proviso to the two liun-
dred and fifty-seventh amendment is with refer-
ence to mutual insurance companies. The next
is to strike out "July " and insert "August." The
House recede from their disagreement to the two
hundred and sixty-fourth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike nut all from the word " and,"
in the thirteenth line,down to the word "dollars,"
in the fourteenth line, inclusive. This is in regaid
to the income tax. We inserted an amendment
fixing the rate at five per cent, in some cases, and
seven and a half 111 others. The Hous^agree to
the five per cent., and we recede fiom the seven
and a half.
With regard to the stamp duty," July " is struck
out and " October" inseited, so that that duty
shall not go into effect until the 1st of October.
The House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's two hundred and ninety-fourth amend-
ment, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: after the word "money," in line
twenty-six, insert "exceeding twenty dollars."
That is in regard to the stamp tax 011 bank checks
and drafts. There is no tax on those which are
under twenty dollars. That amendment is also
to be amended by striking out from line twenty-
nine to line thirty-one, inclusive, and inserting in
lieu thereof, " bill of exchange, draft, or order for
the payment of any sum of money." That is a
mere verbal alteration.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundied and ninety-seventh amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with a mere
verbal amendment. The House recede fiom their
disagreement to the two hundred and ninety-ninth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendments: iii line one hun-
dred and thirty-nine, strike out " ten" and insert
"five;" in line one hundred and forty, strike out
" twenty" and insert " ten;" in line one hundred
and fortv-one, strike out "thirty" and insert
" twenty";" and strike out all from line one ^hun-
dred and forty-two to line one hundredand forty-
five inclusive. That is in reference to the stamp
duty on deeds. The rates fixed in the Senate
amendments are reduced from ten dollars to five,
from twenty to ten, and fiom tniity to twenty,
respectively, and so in the same proportion is the
stamp duty on mortgages.
The House meede from their disagieement to
the ihiee hundied and lii^tarnendmentof the sen-
ate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: after " each," in line one hundred and
ninety-one, insert "marine, inland, and fire."
That is verbal merely. The House recede from
their disagreement to the three hundred and fourth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, striking out " fifty" and in-
serting " twenty." The House recede from their
disagreement to the three hundred and fourteenth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, adding at the end of said
amendment the following proviso:
Jlv.J inoi'iiieil further, That in computing the allowance
ordr.iwbackupon articles mnnuiacmred exclusively of cot-
ton when exported, there shall be allowed, in addition to
tile pel cent, duty which shall have been paid on sue!) :uti-
des, a drawback oi five mill- per pound upon such articles
whoie the duty imposed by tins act on cotton tor the man-
ufacture thereof lias been pieviou^ly paid, the. amount 01'
such allowance to be ascertained m such manner a* may
be prescribed by tile Commissioner of Interna! Revenue
under the dneetion of the Secretary of the Troa.-ury.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's three hundred and fifteenth amend-
ment, and agree to the same with the following
amendments: strike out the word " only,"in line
six, and add, at the end of said Senate amend-
ment, " and 110 other tax shall be levied under or
by virtue thereof until the 1st day of April, 1SG5,
when the same shall be in full force and virtue."
That is the report of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that tlie report
ought to be punted before the Senate is required
to vote upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume there can be
110 difficulty about it. There are no material
changes. We have made a good many improve-
ments The Senate must understand it, and 1
hope there will bo no further delay about it.
Mr. HOWE. IIow many amendments are
there in all—between three and four hundred?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Between three and four
hundred; but they are all Senate amendments, and
the House recede from their disagreement to about
three hundred of them; so that we of course can-
not quarrel with them. - The Senate recede fiom
sixteen, and those are mostly verbab There is
one with reference to making a deduction on spir-
its for evaporation, &<■., from which the Seriate
recede. It was impossible to agree oil it, and it
was not of consequence enough to justify our in-
sisting.
Mr. HALE. What becomes of the land direct
tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is suspended for
two years. After the collection of the first year,
it is suspended until Apul 1,1665. The first year
covers from April 1, 1861, to April 1, 1S62.
Mr. HOWE. I really do not like to delay the
passage of this bill; but it does seem to me that it
is calling upon us to vote on the most multifdiious
proposition that was ever submitted to the Senate.
I suppose this report can be printed by to-morrow
morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it could; but
is there anything the Senator does not understand'
If there is, 1 will try to explain it.
Mr. HOWE. I really do not understand the
report. In the first place, I could not hear the re-
port when it was read. The Senator will remem-
ber that he spoke low.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have never known a
case where a report of a committee of confeience
was printed, aftei both Houses have gone over the
matter; and I do not know that the Senate, aftei
seeing it in print, would think of recommitting it
at this period of the session. None of the amend-
ments that arc made ate vital, and all but a \eiy
few aie merely formal, and impiovements of the
bin. ' , ,
Mr. HOWE. There is one amendment made
by the Senate from which, I understand from the
•report, the committee recede, or recommend that
,epor.,     .
the Senate recede. That [ am very sorry to hear
! recommended; and tlmt is the abandonment of that
i very small and meager allowance made to distant
!| manufacturers of distilled spirits upon the stup-
! 1 meut of them. That is the only proposition, as I
!' understood fiom the leading of the repoit, fiom
1 which I feel called upon to absent. 1 am sorry
j! that the com inHtee of the other House dnl not con-
jj sent to the total abandonment of the direct tax;
jl but inasmuch as they have proposed the Kuspen-
i! sion of it, of course it is not worth while for us
to quarrel over that now, when we can agree about
it for two years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are but three or four
amendments in the whole bill about which there
would be the slightest dispute. One is in regard
to allowing a deduction for the evaporation of
liquor; but the House utterly refused to allow it.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair calls
the Senate to order. Conversation is so loud that
Senators complain they cannot hear each other in
the transaction ofimportant business, and it is the
duty of the Chair to command silence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are but three or four
amendments that are of any importance, that no-
body would think of differing about, and those, of
course, we must settle. The House committee
stated that they were willing, with reference to the
liquor, as the manufacturers wished it, to allow
them the privilege, instead of paying the duties at
the place of manufacture, of paying them at the
place to which they send the article for sale. They
agreed to that as it was amended by the Senate;
but would not agree to the other. Consequently
we had to abandon one, which was not considered,
after all, of very great consequence, for some of
these manufacturers themselves said as was re-
ported—they did not say it to me—that that would
go into the price, and be regulated. There is no
great matter about it.
Mr. WADE. What about the rectified spirits?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only agreement we
could come to 011 that was to strike itout, and place
110 duty 011 it, although the House had placed a
laigeduty on it,and the Senate had placed a smaller
one. It was impossible to adjust it in any way
except to sti ike it all out, and 1 was perfectly sat-
isfied that, no duty could be got out of rectified
spirits any way. It was only a sham.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask how does
the tax on tobacco stand? Did the House concur
in the Senate's amendment 111 that respect, 6r is
it altered ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. • It is altered.
Mr. HOWARD. ! hope the Senator will have
the goodness to state how altered.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to raise a question as
to the order of business. It is evident that we
cannot print this report without priming the
whole bill, so as to comprehend it. I understand
there aie sixteen separate amendments fiom which
the Senate recede. I should like to have them
taken up seriatim and let the Senator explain them.
It seems to me that is the only practicable way.
["Oh, no!"]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can explain any one
that any Senator wishes to knowanytliing about.
Mr. GRIMES. I want them all read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I explained the sixteen
as I read the report.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me, I
suggest that the printing of the report does not at
all involve the necessity of printing the bill, be-
cause wc have the bill in print as it passed the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It refers to the bill con-
tinually, and it makes long delay for 110 earthly
purpose.
Mr. HOWE. I am perfectly content with the
proposition submitted by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. The report refers to the bill
by other lines than the printed lines.
Mr. HOWE. It refers to the bill as we have
it in print.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I supposed I spoke m an
audible voice as 1 read the report; but if any ex-
planation is needed again, I will make it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, is more than one direct
tax to be levied ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will require the lule of the Senate to be stiictly
observed. The Senator from Maine is obliged to
j repeat the explanation oi this report in conse-
quence of general conversation m the Chamber,
1 which prevented Senators from hearing it. The
1 Chair will enfoice the rule; and there shall be no
! audible conversation duiiug this explanation, that
I being an express rule of the Senate, when a mem-
! ber is upon the floor. The Chair Will endeavor
! to enfoice the observance of that rule.
| Mr. HOWE. I underslood ihe Senator from
i Iowa to move—I do not know whether ho made
i a motion ora suggestion simply—butl understood
