THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
ing the saroe, shall be entitled, in lieu of the bounty of.$100
authorized by law, to enter one hundred and sixty acres of
any unappropriated public land*, winch may at the tune
the application /or said entry it* made, be subject to pre-
emption at $1 25 or Jess pet acre; or eighty acres of such
unappropriated land-", at .$3 f>0 per acre, to be located m a
body, in conformity to die legal subdivision of the public
lands, and after the same shall have been surveyed.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Virginia
wiM so modify that proposition as to let it be en-
tered as a new section, I shall make no objection
to it. If any soldier is disposed to receive a quar-
ter,section of land in lieu of §100 bounty, I have
no objection to its being granted; and if, instead
of moving to strike out the whole bill after the
enacting clause, and inserting this as a substitute,
the Senator will so modify it as to make it a new
section to the bill, I will vote for it;
Mr. CLARK. I desire to suggest to the chair-
man of the eommittee that we had better follow
the policy of the committee, and keep the military
bounty land entirely free from this homestead bill",
and let it be provided for, if necessary, in a sep-
arate bill. I think we liad better have the home-
stead bill by itself.
. Mr. CARLILE. It was my purpose to have
submitted a few remarks upon this amendment;
but I have been suffering since the adjournment
yesterday with a very severe pain; and I am in
no condition this morning to say what I had pro-
posed to myself to say upon this proposition. I
am opposed at all times, and particularly at a time
like the present, to disposing of the public domain
of this country without adequate consideration.
J do not think it wise*when we rely upon loans
for the means to defray the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, that we should dispose of any of the
available properly of the Government out of which
means could be had to enable us to repay those
loans. To the extent that the Treasury would be
replenished by the receipts arising from the sales
of the public lands, the taxes upon the people will
have to be increased if we give away the lands,
and dispose of'them without adequate consider-
ation.
I do not think that it would be extending any
additional reward to those who have volunteered
in the service of their country, to adopt, as the
Senator from Iowa suggests, the proposition that
I have submitted as a substitute for the bill as an
additional section to the bill. All, whether in the
military service or otherwise, under the bill as it
is proposed by the committee, arc entitled, upon
complying with its provisions, to one hundred
and sixty acres of land; the man who has ren-
dered no service equally with the man who lias
rendered service to his country. The citizen is
placed upon the same footing with one who is not
a citizen by the provisions of this bill. It is a
general giving away and disposition of the public
domain; squandering, in other words, the means
of the Government, which at this particular time
of all others should, I think, be husbanded. It
is perfectly consistent with the policy-that would
destroy, strike out of existence at one blow, two
billions of dollars of personal property subject to
taxation. There are propositions that have been
pressed upon the Senate to stiike out of existence
taxable property to the amount of two billions.
If that is done, as a matter of course the taxes
must be inci eased upon other subjects of taxation,
and you increase the burdens ot the loyal people
of this country to that extent,and you affect your
credit by disposing of the public lands and take
from those who have furnished you with money
the property to which they had a ught to look as
one of the securities for its return.
But, Mr. President, I cannot discuss this prop-
osition. I am not disposed to delay the Senate
in its action, and I shall have to content myself
with recording my vote in favor of the amendment
and against the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I am desirous of discussing
this amendment arid the bill,and as I see theieis
not time this morning, for we have a special order
at one o'clock, I move that the further consider-
ation of the bill be postponed until Monday, at
half past twelve o'clock, and be made a special
order at that time.
The motion was agreed to.
WASIIENGTON CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRILL. Is it in order to submit a mo-
tion to proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to Senate
bill No. 178?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion j
is in order, though it is within five minutes of the j
time fixed for the special order of the day. t
Mr. MORRILL. I will call it up with a view |
of asking a day for its consideration. I move to
take up the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to Senate bill No. 178, to incorporate
the Washington and Georgetown Railway Com-
pany.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that this subject be
made the special order for Monday next at half
past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A special or-
der has just been assigned for that hour which
will take precedence of this under the rule, but
the Chair will put the motion of the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WADE and others. Say Tuesday.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not like to postpone it
so long.
Mr. WADE. That is not long.
Mr. MORRILL. I move then that the subject
be made the special order for Tuesday next, at
half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
IIOUSB BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 446) supplementary to an act ap-
proved on the 30th July, 1861, entitled " An act
to provide for the collection of duties on imports
and for other purposes"—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (No. 447) for the relief of Horace M.
Heiskell,a paymaster in the United States Navy
—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 269) to establish a
Department of Agriculture, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Foster, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
insert as a substitute:
That there "hall be created in the Department of the In-
terior a Hmeau ot Agneulunc and StatMics. the object of
which shall be to ptomote the interests of .urncultuie, coin-
meice, and mauulactureg, the chief executive officer of
which shall be denominated *' Commissioner ot Agriculture
and Statistic*," who shall be appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the donate, and shall teceive
an annual compensation of >$13,000.
Sec. 2. And be itfuither enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the s.ud Commwsionei, undet the direction of the
Secretary of the Interim, topioeme and distribute new and
valuable vaueties of seeds, grain**, and plant-, and to pio-
cuie, troin the best source-?, such inioimation as will be
mo'-t valuable in relation to the mode of cultivation, reno
vation, and drainage of the soil; also, concerning the do-
mestic and foreign trade of the United State.-, then mauu-
faetuies, Internal improvements, banks, and curieney, and
sueh other subjects a : may be adapted to illustrate the con-
dition and process of the agncuituie, manufactures, trade,
population, and other matenal niteiesls ot the country.
The said Commissioner shall annually make a leport to
Congress, prior to the Ht day of Januaiy m each yeai, of
the operations ot the bureau, and of stati-ucs obtained
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner
shall proeuie a peal with a suitable device; and copies ot
books, statements, ot ieeord-5, with the signature of the
Oommisfc tone rand seal affixed, shall be competent evidence
in all eases where the original recoids would be evidence.
The Commissioner shall charge a reasonable compensa-
tion, not to exceed the rate ot charges established by the
Patent Office toi all intonnation or copies ltirinshed". ex-
cept fur legislative purposes or for the Dcpaitmcuts of Gov-
ernment.
Sec. 4 And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed a chief clerk of said buieau, with an annual sal-
aty of ,-§2,1)00, and such additional cleiks as may, m the
judgment of the Sccietary of the Interior, beneeessaiv, not
exeetdmg the number now employed in the agiicultural
division of the Patent Office, with three additional ones.
All the books, records, documents, and othei papers and
property belonging to the agueuituia! division o: the Patent
Office, shall be tiansfeued to said bureau, and all appropri-
ations heretofore made for tne benefit of agueulture shall
he expended by said buieau.
Mr. SIMMONS. I merely wish to say that
this amendment, as it has been modified by the
Senator from Connecticut, ceases to be ot any
I practical benefit to the Department. The object
of the committee was to compliment the agricul-
tural interest by giving it the character of a De-
partment. This amendment would only make it
a bureau, which is no essential improvement of
the present system. I-hope the bill will pass as
the committee reported if. i shall not consume the
time of the Senate with any argument upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senate is very thin now,
and I should be very soriy to have the question
taken at this time. There is but a moment left of
the morning hour or less than a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a quorum here.
Mr. FOSTER. There is probably a quorum
present; butl shall have something to say before
the vote is taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock has arrived, and the special order of
the day supersedes the consideration of this bill.
CONFISCATION OF PROPERTY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 151) to confiscate the property and
free the slaves of rebels.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] has moved an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and insert a substitute which has
heretofore been lead. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] has moved to amend the
amendmentof the Senatorfrom Vermont by strik-
ing out the sixth section of that substitute or
amendment, and inserting what was yesterday
read. The question now is on the amendmentof
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts to the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, and upon that ques-
tion the Senator from Delaware is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It was my intention to
address the Senate on this bill, but understanding
that the Senator from Wisconsin wishes to be
heard upon it, 1 will chcerfully yield the floor to
him, as what 1 propose to say may be said as well
upon some other bill, or at another time, with
gieater convenience to myself. I yield the floor
to the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE addressed the Senate for
some time in a constitutional argument on the
propositions before the Senate. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WADE. It was not my intention to say
anything m regard to this bill, for the reason that
1 have been anxious and impatient that it should
pass; but those who will probably vote with me,
and who take the same view of the subject that I
! do, have so frequently been assailed in the course
of the argument on this measure as persons who
have no regard to the Constitution of the country,
and as being willing at all times to break it, and
lectures have been so frequently read to us from
j every side of this Chamber on the sacredness of
I the Constitution and our obligation to observe it,
I that it seems to me to remain silent under these
; constant charges would be a tacit assent that that
was our position.
I am not unmindful that when I took my seat
on this floor I raised my hand to God and swore
that I would observe the Constitution. I believe
i am just as mindful of it as those who so often
lecture us on the subject. It is an arrogant as-
sumption on their part that they are the peculiar
friends and observers of the Constitution, while
we on this side of the Chamber are unmindful of
its obligations. I do not believe there is anything
in this bill that contravenes one word or syllable
i of that Constitution. 1 agree that the defense of
( that great instrument, the palladium of our free-
| dom,is the most sacred duty that devolves on any
| man who takes a seat on this floor; and I am the
| last man who, knowingly, would do anything to
i contravene any of its provisions.
The gentlemen who oppose us on this subject,
and who have come to the conclusion that this
bill is unconstitutional, do not agree among them-
selves as to what points of the Constitution it i«
j unconstitutional. If I understood the Senatorfrom
Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] he holds that this Gov-
ernment has 3s much power to suppress treason
and to maintain its authority as any Government
on the face of God 'seat th; and I believe him. The
only question then is, where is this authority
lodged? He contends it is altogether in the Pres-
ident of the United States; that the moment war
is declared the President is a despot, armed with
