894:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
very hazardous business; but the fact is, that when
a powder mil! is in operation making powder
for the Navy, they cannot make powder for the
Army; they require a different strength and a
different kernel. It seems to vncthat the fact that
they do require powder of a different strength and
a different sized kernel, arises not from any real
necessity, but from the fact that they are ordered
by two different tribunals, and it would not do for
the ordnance department of the Army to order the
same kind of powder that the ordnance depart-
ment of the Navy do, for the fear that it might be
considered they were not as wise; and, therefore,
to manifest their own wisdom in the matter, the
ordnance department of the Navy order powder
to be made one way, and the ordnance depart-
ment of the Army the other way,-and it embar-
rasses and impedes the supply of powder for the
Army and the Navy, and they suffer in conse-
quence of it.
If I am rightly informed—I do not pretend to
any knowledge on the subject; I have never been
abroad; I have no experience of that sort to re-
cord; but I am informed that this cxperimenthas
been tried, and is now in successful operation in
England. There is no such thing there as an ord-
nance department for the army and an ordnance
department for the navy; they have an ordnance
department for the Government, at Woolwich 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
hour having expired, it bccomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order.
OttDEtt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. What is the special order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
the Judiciary Committee on the question of the
seat of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. SUMNER. I move Lhat the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
done for a few minutes. I desire to report from
the Committee on Fmance a bill, which it is very
important to pass this morning, for tho benefit of
•the Army, the quartermaster's department and
the commissary department being both exceed-
ingly in want of funds. It is necessary to pass
the hill immediately, in order to send it down to
the House of Representatives, and have it go into
operation. I think it will take but a few minutes
to pass if.
Mr. SUMNER. I felt it to be my duty to make
tho motion to go into exeoutivosession; but 1 cer-
tainly yield to the Senator from Maine. I will
not interpose any objection to the consideration
of an Army bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
for an executive session is withdrawn.
Mr. FESSIiNDEN". J move then thatall prior
orders be postponed for the purpose of enabling
me to make a ieport. I have no objection, how-
ever, to allowing my friend from New Hampshire
to finish his speech.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I have any-
thing nime to say.
Mr. GRIMES. You can have the floor to-
mori ow.
Mr. HALE. I do not kn ow that I want jt. I
think I have said all I wish to say on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
AKMY A I* Pit 0? Ill A'l'IOX BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to repoit back to the Senntethe
Army appropriation bill; and before Sending it
to the desk, I wish to make an explanation with
regard to it.
I he bill, as it came from the House, contained,
as is usual with these bills, two pru\«sions: one
making approve lations for tin- suppoi t of the Ar-
my for tin; next yi ar, (1863,) winch is the first
sceiwn of t!n> biii* i\m other making further ap-
propiiauons {or the support of tin Army fur the
current y<ar, (3M&.) Situated  s we aVe at the
piesent time, the committee concluded tiiatit was
best to ieport hack simply the second section, and
tostnke out the nrsr section of the bill, winch
makcsappiopu.it,'./'is f>i the next year, the object
being (o postpone it fur furthc r consideration, there
being no piessin^ necessity for it at the present
time, and it being \ orv piobablc that there may
be such a change, either one way or the othei,
before that time came and before our adjournment,
as to make further legislation necessary upon that
subject. They thought it advisable, therefore, to
defer action upon that portion of the bill. They
could not defer action, however, upon that part of
it which proposes to provide for certain deficien-
cies in the Army,because that is immediately ne-
cessaiy. Under the circumstances of the case,
they have taken this unusual course, hoping that
it will meet with the approbation of the Senate.
I will state, further, that before doing this, I
thought it a duty, required by courtesy, and in
order that there might be no misunderstanding
on the subject, to consult the chairman, and also
another member that 1 happened to meet, of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives, so that they might understand
our object; and they said to me they thought there
would be no objection to our taking this course,
if we deemed it advisable.
I will now send the bill to the desk. We have
made several amendments which are very import-
ant; and as I propose to ask the Senate to pass the
bill this morning, on account of its very pressing
nature, and as the amendments are not numerous,
and easily explained, I will make an explanation
of them, if the Senate decide to take up the bill
for explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are the amendments
printed ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not printed,
but can be read and explained. They are very
simple.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 209) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
tiie 30th of June, 1863, and additional appropria-
tions for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itis hardly necessary to
road over the first section, as the committee pro-
pose to strike out the whole of that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be omitted, unless called for by
some Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Clerk will read the
amendments of the committee; the first one is to
strike out the first section in which appropriations
are made for the next fiscal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported fiom tluf Committee oil Finance
will be read.
The Secretary read them.
The first amendment was to strike out the whole
of the first section, making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the fiscal year ending
30th of June, 1863.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the second section, to strike out the words " Sec-
tion "2. And be it further enacted;'5 and in the
second line to strike out the words 44 in like man-
ner,"so that it will lead:
Tlmt the following sums bo, and the same arc hereby,
appiopuatod, out ot any money in the Tiea-any not other-
wise appiopuated, tor the t-ervj.ee of the year ending 3<Jtli
June, 1662.
The next amendment was in line fifteen, to
stiiku out the woid " diagoon," and insert the
word " cavalry;" so that the clause will read:
Tot the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
$1,601,010.
The next amendment was, after line nineteen,
to insert the following:
Foi regular suppl iec, incidental expenses, transportation,
banacks and quai tots, clothing, camp and garrison equi-
page, I«vpiny, tianfpmtins, and supplying piisoners, and
ofhei supplier and mmvioos of the quattermastei'* depatt-
nient to the 30th June, l&W, and to be divided among the
■-aid seveiaf head* of appropriations herein named as tiie
evigi'neie^ of the f-oivico may lequue, ;$7t>,500.u0'j.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the bill the following:
Foi aiirument of ioifitications, 4,000.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the bill the following: i
Foi the euuent t-vpeiwos ofthe ordnance service, $300,000. !
The next amendment was to add the following j
at the end of the bill: ;
For otdiianoe. oidnanoo ftorc^. and supplies, infhuling '
hoi-e equipments ibi all the mounted tioop*, §1,924,000. I
The next amendment was to insert at the end !
of the bill:
For purchase of arms for volunteers and regular*, and
ordnance and oidnanee store-*, .$7,500,000.
The next amendment was to amend the title of
the bill, so as to read: "A bill making additional
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending 30th of June, 1862."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to these amendments reported by
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will notice
that those amendments are calculated merely for
two purposes: one is to make ita deficiency bill,
simply, applicable to the present year; and the
other the making of additional appropriations. It
will be remarked, for I wish the Senate to notice the
fact, that there are very large sums appropriated by
the amendments. One item in the quartermas-
ter's department is something over $76,000,000,
and the other items for the ordnance department
are about §10,000,000. I have in my hand the pa-
pers, which are very full, from this department,
and also a letter of the Secretary of War on the
subject. The committee were satisfied thatit was
absolutely necessary to make the appropriations
named. The deficiencies are very large. When
the (Quartermaster General made his first estimates
of the appropriations necessary to meet deficien-
cies, they were very much smaller; they were about
$28,000,000. He afterwards sent in a letter to the
Secretary of "War which called for an addition of
about $76,000,000; or $76,000,000 in lieu of the
$28,000,000. It, however, was not very clear; and
I went to see him on the subject, to know whether
the necessities of the department required an ad-
dition of §76,000,000, or that that should be the
whole amount, deducting the $28,000,000. I have
received letters from him stating that on a full ex-
amination of the subject, and of the debt of the
particular bureau to which he is attached, which
is now owing, he thought it would be unsafe not
to make the whole appropriation called for. The
committee were of the same opinion, and they
accordingly lepoi t the amount asked for. We o Are
the money and ought to pay it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think this import-
ant amendment ought to be acted upon withouta
little fuller statement of the legislation of Congress
on this subject, and of the importance of legisla-
tion to avoid these large deficiencies. At the last
session we appropriated to the quartermaster's
department all that was asked and more, all that
was estimated and more. In the estimate sub-
mitted at the present session, it was stated that
the sum needed for deficiencies in the quartermas-
ter's department was ^28,000,000. That was al-
lowed by the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives and inserted in this
bill. During the last month, the Quartermaster
General asked for an appropriation of $76,500,000
instead of the $28,000,000 allowed by the bill.
That was the third estimate. Now he tells us that
$76,500,000 will not be enough, but that we must
appropriate, in addition to the sum appropriated
by the bill, §28,000,000—the sum of $76,500,000
more. Itisimpossible for the Senate or the House
to check these expenditures, or to say how much
is needed. It is impossible for us to say whether
the whole of these sums are needed, because we
have no detailed estimates. In time of war, we
must $ive what is asked—that is the fact about
it. The appropriations for the quartermaster's
department now amount to about $200,000,000.
I have no doubt a large portion of this could be
saved without detriment to the public service.
I wish simply to call the attention of the Senate
to the importance of this matter. If the bill which
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
in regard to the pay of the Army was now the
law, it would undoubtedly save about $00,000,000
of this money, or theieabouts, without impaning
in the slightest degree the efficiency of the service.
The full amount ofthisdeficicncy,as I said before,
is at least $200,000,000, and of that 1 think from
ten to twenty per cent, could be saved under that
bill reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was to strike down
the pay of the soldiers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all; but itstiikes
down very largely the appropt iations for the quar-
termaster's department. For instance, in the sin-
gle item of mileage to officers 
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is for deficiencies,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must not mis-
understand me. I do not object to this appropri-
