1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28H
tate, and no tax upon any kind of personal prop-
erty except carriages and yachts and some few
articles of luxury. I think that is light. The
direct tax, if 1 understand the report, after one
year's collection shall have been made, is sus-
pended for two years. "Within that time Congress
can judge whether or not it is wise to collect the
direct tax m future. I am satisfied that the de-
mand from our people from all parts of the coun-
try, East and West, will require the repeal of the
direct tax and that the General Government should
rely upon indirect taxes for the support of the
Government. As all the taxes in the States are
direct taxes upon property, it is better to leave
that source of taxation to the States for the money
which they must levy for local purposes, and leave
the General Government to resort to an indirect
tax, which may by indirection collect the money
" from the mass of the people and be less felt. In-
deed, one of the most interesting debates on this
subject will be found to have occurred in the First
Congress that convened under the Constitution,
in which that general principle was laid down by
some of the wisest statesmen of our country that
the General Government ought to collect all its
taxes by indiiect taxation. That was at a time
when they did not look to the duties on imported
goods as so important an element of taxation as
they have since proved to be. That was the gen-
eral principle on which they acted, that all the
taxes of the General Government should be indi-
rect, levied upon consumption, and the taxes by
the States should be direct taxes, and I think that
principle ought to be adhered to in all our tax
bills.
The only proposition in the report to which I
cannot agree is that which allows a drawback of
half a cent a pound on manufactured cotton. As
I said before, I shall vote for the report of the com-
mittee of conference, but my opinion upon the
subject of the impolicy of tins drawback or bounty,
for it is nothing else, is so strong that I shall seek
on every proper occasion to repeal it. 1 do not
wish to defeat this bill or delay jt, as we should
defeat or delay it by referring it to another com-
mittee of conference, merely because I object radi-
cally to that one provision, and therefore I vote
for it, reserving hereafter my risht to move and
to insist upon its lepeal. 1 will state how this
provision will operate. It is not really a draw-
back. It is misnamed a drawback. A drawback is
where you allow the manufacturer in this coun-
try, when he exports his goods, to receive back a
tax he has paid upon them, in order to put him
upon the same footing with the foreign manufac-
tuter. When you levy a tax in this country on
the manufactured article, and that article is ex-
ported, a drawback of the amount of the duty
.ought to be given to the manufacturer, because
that puts him on a footing of precise equality with
the foreign manufacturer. Take the article of
wool; the manufacturer in this country who pays
a duty of three per cent, on the manufactured
article ought to receive that back, because the
manufacturer in England does not pay the three
per cent, duty, and theiefore to put our home
manufacturer on a footing with the foreign man-
ufacturer all duties of that kind ought to be re-
funded when the article is exported; but that does
not apply to cotton. The duty is levied upon all
cotton produced in thiscountry. Thatdutv is paid
by the manufacturer in Manchester as well as by
the manufacturer in Lowell, and consequently
without the bounty to the consumcrof raw cotton
here, they arc on a precise equality.
There is no occasion, then, for this bounty. It
is a mere bounty. When you pay to the manu-
facturer at Lowell half a cent a pound he has paid
on the cotton he manufactures and exports, you
give him just so much money outof the Treasury
of the United States as a bounty for manufactur-
ing that cotton here, instead of manufacturing it
abroad. It cannot be defended in principle; it
will operate badly in practice; and I think will be
a source of contention and strife and quarrel here-
after. It is substantially an exception to this bill.
There is no other such provision it. When leather
is manufactured into shoes, and those shoes are
exported, you do not give back the duty on the
leather; you give back the duty on the shoes. You
do not pretend to give back all the duties that have
been paid in the process of manufacture in any
other case. Here is an exceptional bounty, paid
only to cotton manufacturing corporations, those
people who of all others can afford to pay this tax.
I believe that the good sense and good judgment
of the very gentlemen who are now interested in
putting this bounty on will eventually see how it
operates, how unjust the discrimination is, and
will finally agree to refund it. It is a very great
bounty. It seems to me that under it We might
almost drive the cotton manufactures, the articles
made out of the American cotton, at least, out of
all the markets of the world. If you want to go
back to the old close system, by which you com-
pelled all the cotton of thiscountry to be manufac-
tured here, and by which you would make it a
national object that all the cotton raised in this
country should be manufactured heie, this bounty
would be ^stifled, but upon no other principle.
As I stated before, I am not disposed, on ac-
count of differences of opinion on this one ques-
tion, to defeat the bill, and I shall vote for the re-
port; but I desire to say that I think the insertion
of this drawback is a departure from all the cor-
rect principles of a conference. This proposi-
tion to allow a drawback on the raw cotton was
not voted upon in either House; and I do not be-
lieve that, as a separate pioposition, it would be
voted for by either House, because it can be de-
monstrated to be unjust and unfair. I do not deny
the right of the committee of conference to amend
an amendment of the Senate, or to amend an
amendment of the House of Representatives, by
inserting this exception, or this qualification, or
this drawback, or this bounty, because they have
the power to amend an amendment; it is not a
change of the text of the bill; but at the sa-me time
it is a departure from the principle which refers to
a committee of conference nothing but certain dis-
agieeing votes.
The principle of a confcrcnce is, that they should
confine their attention to agreeing or disagreeing
as to those votes—those propositions in difference
between the two Houses. When the committee
of conference here have provided for a bounty to
the cotton manufacturer of this country of half a
cent a pound on all manufactured cotton that is ex-
ported abroad, they insert in their conference re-
port a proposition which has never been acted upon
by either House. It was talked about in the Sen-
ate, but, as I understood, was abandoned. I of-
fered the proposition to reduce the proposed tax
on cotton from one cent a pound to half a cent a
pound, and the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Ol\rk] will recollect, I think, very well,
that I made the remark at the time, that as a mat-
terof course that would end the controversy about
the drawback or bountyto the American manufac-
turer, and lie did not press his amendment. The
Senate may not have understood it as I did, and
the Senator from Maine tells me he did not so un-
derstand it; butl understood that by reducing the
duty fi oin one cent a pound to halfai cent a pound,
it was quietly agreed that the proposition to give
a drawback on the raw cotton should be aban-
doned. I thinkir ought to have been. _ It will cre-
ate controversy and trouble, and it is now the
most objectionable feature in this bill, and the only
exceptional feature. Uudei it weshall pay outof
the Treasury of the United States a pretty large
sum. The amount of cotton manufactured in^this
country and exported abroad I cannot say. The
subject is pressed on us here suddenly, and I can-
not state the amount; the Senator from Maine,
peihaps, can; it is very lar^e. _
Mr. FESSEXDEN. Four or five million dol-
lars' worth in value.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. _ ,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It has been
up as high as between ten and eleven millions,
but at present it is hardly anything, and probably
will not be for some time to come.
Mr. SHERMAN. This tax of half a cent a
pound on cotton is equivalent to about four per
1 cent, on the average value of cotton, and conse-
! quently equivalent to four per cent, on the value
of the goods, and if the amount exported was
^10,000,000, there would be refunded out of the
IVeasury of the United States under tins provision
, , A r-r-ii . - . 1. - rf o o O K All H f V _
§400,000. Thai is to be given merely as a bounty,
I you cannot call it anything else, a discrimination
! in favor of manufacturing this particular cotton at
J home instead of abroad. If the cotton is exported
i abroad, it pays a duty, and that money goes into
j the Tieasury. If it is manufactured here, it pays
' a duty, and the money goes into the Treasury,
but if after it ip manufactured here, it is carried
abroad, the Government of the United States,
merely as an encouragement to the manufacturers,
pays out of the Treasury this considerable sum
of money. I say it cannot be defended in principle,
it is an exceptional provision of this bill, and I
hope it will be repealed, and I trust, as I said be-
fore, to the good sense and good judgment of the
Senators repiesen ting States in terestedin this man-
ufacture that they will themselves see that it is an
exceptional provision and will agree to its repeal.
I will not, however, seek to defeat the report of
the committee of conference by any objection.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish only to say a word
about this matter. As I understand the question,
the tax bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives imposed a tax of one cent per pound on
raw cotton, with a drawback of a cent a pound
when it was exported in a raw state. That was
the bill we acted upon. When the Senator from
Ohio moved to put the tax at half a cent per pound,
I understood him to say that it would remove the
necessity for a drawback on raw cotton, because at
that rate it would not be of consequence enough to
have adrawback; so I understood it. I do not now
recollect the precise language of the clause of the
bill refunding the duty on goods exported, but I
understood itembraced all the taxes put upon the
articlo; but some manufacturers interested in the
coarse goods exported had adoubtabout it, and I
suggested to them to call upon the committee of
conference and have them put it beyond a doubt,
ifthatwasthe intention. I supposed the bill read
so before, and I do not think the committee of
confetence have deviated from the purpose of the
Semite, for I thought there was to be a drawback
upon the cotton goods exported upon which there
had been a tax, and a drawback equivalent to the
tax. I do not see that it varies from the draw-
back on any other product; but there are two kinds
of taxes imposed on cotton manufactures; otie on
the raw material and one on the amount of the
manufactured article. If this drawback is spe-
cial, it is because no other article manufactured in
this country has two taxes put upon it. You tax it
in two foims, and therefore it is proposed to al-
low a return of duty in two forms when the arti-
cle is exported. That is the truth about the mat-
ter. I did notsuppose this drawback was to benefit
any particular o,lass of manufactures; there is but
one particular class of these manufactures that are
exported to any considerable extent, and that is
the class of very coarse goods. This tax is very
heavy on them. As cotton is to-day it does not
amount to quite two per cent., but in ordinary
times it is about rive per cent.
Wow, I do not understand that this would be a
very hard affair. The Senator says if this draw-
back was not allowed, our goods would go into
China and India on precisely the same footing
with English goods. More than one half the
stock that constitutes the coarse goods manufac-
tured in New England is made from India cotton
—not half of it from American cotton. They can
better afford to work all the filling from India cot-
ton, that pays no duty, and I dare say three
fouiths of their drills are made outof India yarn,
which is the gieat article of export.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can buy that India
cotton just as cheap as they can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask Senators what in
the world is the advantage of a discussion of this
matter for general information when both of them
are goins; to vote for the report r
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not want to discuss it,
but I want people to understand that the commit-
tee have not varied from the sense of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not in the slightest de-
gree.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was said to be an excep-
tional casein which the committee had gone out
of the way from the sense of the Senate; and I
wanted to explain that that was not according to
my apprehension.
The report was concurred in.
HEIRS OF STEPHEN JOHNSTON.
Mr. WADE. I move that House bill No. 265,
to authorize the Couit of Claims of the United
States to hear and determine the claim of Stephen
Johnston, deceased, with the pending amendments
and all the accompanying documents, be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
