2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PHOPEItTY.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
471, to confiscate the property of rebels for the
payment of the expenses of the present rebellion
and for other purposes. I move to take up the
House bill so that we may bring both bills before
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill before the Senate
and to insert the substance of the Senate bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill has
never been read.
Mr. SUMNER. Then make it the order of the
day for to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. I will give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before any
amendments can be entertained, the hill will be
read at length. It never has been read in the
Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I presume everybody in the
Senate has read the bill, and the reading may per-
haps be dispensed with by unanimous consent to
save time; and I move the amendment I propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no member
demands the reading of the bill, it will be dispensed
with.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the bill will be read
through.
The PPlESIDENT pro tempore. It must be
read. It is the personal right of every member to
have a bill once read.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of
the bill. It provides that all the estate and prop-
erty, money, stocks, credits, and effects of the
persons thereafter named m the section, are for-
feited to the Government of the United States, and
aredeclared lawful subjects of scizute and of prize
and capturc wherever tound, for the indemnity of
the United States against the expensesofsuppress-
ing the present rebellion—that is ro say: fiisf, of
any person hereafter acting as an officer of the army
or navy of the rebels in armsagainst the Govern-
ment of the United States; secondly, of any person
hereafter acting as president, vice president, mem-
berof congress, judge of any court,cabinet officer,
foreign minister, commissioner, or consul of the so-
called confederate States of America; thirdly, of
any person acting as governor of a State, member
of a convention or legislature, or judge of any
court of the so-called confederate States of Amer-
ica; fourthly, of any person who, having held an
office ofhonor, trust,or profit in the United States,
shall hereafter hold an office m the so-called con-
federate States of America; fifthly,of any person
hereafter holding any office or agency under the
government of the so-called confederate States of
America, or under any of the several States of
the confederacy, or the laws thereof, whether such
office or agency be national, State, ot* municipal
in its name or character; provided the persons
thhdlyand fifthly above described t-hall have ac-
cepted their appointment or election since the date
of the pretended oulinance of secession of the
State, or shall have taken an oath of allegiance to
the so-called confederate States; sixthly, of any
persons who, owning property in any loyal State
or Territory of the United States, or in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, shall hereafter assist and give
aid and comfort to such rebellion. And the estate
and property and moneys, stocks, credits, and ef-
fects of the persons described arc declared lawful
subjects of seizmu and ofprizeand capture when-
ever found; and the President of the United States
is to cause the same to bo seized, to the end that
they may be confiscated and condemned, a«* there-
inafter provided, to the use of the United States;
and all sales, transfers, or eoineyances of any
such property are to be null and void: and it will
be a sufficient bar to any suit biought by such
person for the possession or the use of such pt op-
erty, or any of it, to allege and prove that he is
one uf the persons desenbed in that seenon,
ii'any person within any State Tenitory of
the United States, other than thu.se before named,
after the passage of this act, !>"ing engaged in
armed rebellion agonist the Government of ihe
United States,or aiding or abetting such rebellion,
shall not, within sixty days after public warning
and proclamation duly given and made by the
Pi esident of the Unifed States, cease to aid, coun-
tenance, and abet such rebellion, and return to his
allegiance to the United States, all his estate and
property, moneys, stocks, and credits will be for-
feited theveafterwards to the Government of the
United States, and the same are declared lawful
subjects of seizure and of prize and capture where
ever found; and the President of the United States
will cause the same to be seized, to the end that
they maybe confiscated and condemned, as there-
inafter provided, to the use of the United States;
and all sales, transfers, or conveyances, of any
such property after the expiration of sixty days
from the date of such warning and proclamation
will be null and void; and it will be a sufficient bar
to any suit brought by such person for the pos-
session or the use of such property, or any of it,
to allege and prove that he is one of the persons
described in that section. To secure possession,
condemnation, and sale of any of such property,
situate and being i n any State, district, or Territory
of the United States, proceedings in rem must be
instituted in the name of the United States in any
district court of the United States, or in any ter-
ritorial court, or in the United States districtcourt
for the District of Columbia, within which the
property may be found, or into which the same,
)f movable, may be first brought, which proceed-
ings are to conform as nearly as may be to pro-
ceedings in prize cases, or to cases of forfeiture
arising under the revenue laws; and the propeity
so seized and condemned, whether real or per-
sonal, will be sold, under the decree of the court
having cognizance of the case, and the proceeds
deposited in the Treasury of the United States for
thesr use and benefit.
The seveial courts mentioned are to have power
to make such orders, establish such forms of de-
cree and sale, and direct such deeds and convey-
ances to be executed and delivered by the mar-
shals thereof where real estate shall be the subject
of sale, as shall fitly and efficiently effect the pur-
poses of this act, and vest in the purchasers of
such property good and valid titles thereto. And
the courts are to have power to allow such fees
and charges of their officers as shall be reasona-
ble and proper. The property seized under this
enactment will be used, occupied, rented, or held,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, until judicial proceedings shall be had as
therein provided, when proceedings in rem shall
be instituted and prosecuted to judgment and s*de
in the mode described, and the proceeds applied
as before provided; but perishable articles seized
under this act will be used or sold, pursuant to
such rules as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the proceeds applied as
above provided. The several district courts of the
United States are to have power to do everything
necessary or proper to carry this act into full ef-
fect. And the Attorney General, or any district
attorney of the United States, or of any district
' in which the property may at the time be, or into
I which the same may be taken, is to institute the
proceedings. In all cases arising where the pro-
ceeds of property sold shall be paid into the Treas-
ury of the U nited States, a distinct account thereof
is to be kept,and any loyal ereditorof the former
owner of such property may within ninety days,
and not thereafter, except as therein provided,
\ exhibit his claims to the Secretary of the Treas-
I' ury, who, upon pi oof of the loyalty of the claim-
i; ant and the justice of the claim, will have power
i; to allow and pay the same out of such proceeds.
,i If the several claims exhibited and ascertained
;! shall exceed the amount deposited m the Tieas-
\ urv, they will be ratably paid. In no event will
H any laiger sums be paid from the Treasury than
'] have been di posited there on account of the prop-
! erty. No claim is to bp received or examined
which has not been exhibited within ninerydays,
■ unless the claimant shall show and prove good
v and sufficient cause, without fault on his pat t,for
, ivab'-cf or delay, to the satisfaction of the Secre-
. tarv of the Treasury, and according to such rules
as shall be prescribed by him for all like cases,
! and the judgment of the Secretary of the Treas-
ui v to be final.
Mi. CLARK. I move now to amend the bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting what I send to the Chair, which is, in
"substance, the Senate biil No. 310, as it stood
when th<^ Senate laid aside its consideration,
b Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Is it neces-
b sary to read that? We all know what it is. I hope
" by unanimous consent we shall dispense with the
reading. I am very anxious to go into executive
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no alteration
in it, I do not care to have it read. If it is altered,
I should like to know what the alteration is.
Mr.CLARK. Theonlyamend ment I am aware
of from the bill as it stood when the Senate left its
consideration, is inserting in the sixth line of the
first section, at the suggestion of some Senators,
the words " at the discretion of the court." One
pumshmentis by execution, and the other by im-
prisonment and'fine; and I insert the words ''at
the discietion of the court," at the suggestion of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
The amendment is to strike out all after the en-
acting clause of the bill, and insert:
That eveiy person who shall hcieaftei commit the crime
of tieason against the United State?, and shall be adjudged
guilty thereof, shall suffer death, and all his slaves, if any, *
thai! be declined and made free, or. at the disci etion of the
couit. he shall bo imprisoned for not less than fiveye.u*,
and fined not less tnan $10,000, and all his slaves, it'any,
shall be deelated and made free; said fine shall be levied
and collcctcd on any or all of the pioperfv, ical and per-
sonal, excluding slaves, of which the said person so con-
victed was the owner at the time of committing the said
cuine, any sale or conveyance to the eonnary notwith-
standing.
Sec.*2. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall
hereafter incite, set on loot, assist, or engage m any rebel-
lion oi lusinrection against the authonty of the United
States, or the jaws thereof, or'-hall give aid o) eomfoit thcie-
to, or shall engage m, or give aid and eomfoit to, any such
existing lcbelhon or insurrection, and be convicted theieof,
such person shall bo punished by imptisonment for a period
not exceeding ten years, oi by rise ha tenure of all his per-
sonal pioperty of evety kind whatsoever, including chores
m action, and by the lorfeiture of his life'estate in any leal
propeity of which he may bo the owuei, wheiever situated
williiu the United States, and bv* the liberation ol all his
slaves, if any he have; and all sueh propeity, excluding
slave--, 'shall be loifeited to the Uniied States, oi both of
said punishment-:, at the discretion of the court.
Sno. 3. And be it further enacted. That eveiy poison guilty
of either of the offenses described m this act shall be for-
ever incapable and disqualified to hold any office under the
United State*.
Sec 4. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That this act shall not
be construed m any way to affect or alter the piosecuuon,
conviction, or punishment of any pei^oa or persons guilty
of tieason again>t the United State- befote the pas-age of
thN act, unle-v, such poison i< convicted under thi* act.
Sec. o Jlnd be it further enacted, That to in ui e tin- more
epe'dv teimnnuion of the p<e.-ent iebel!ion,and the appie-
heiision, conviction, and punishment of the persons en-
gaged tlieiein, the President is heiehy authorized, and it
shall bcht-5 duty, by the mm dial-.of the respective districts,
or «uch commi^i >ncr? or othci offtceis as he may appoint
for that puipo.-e. to seize and sequester the piopeity, ical
and pei-onnl, ol eveiy kind, including eho-e- in action, of
fcuch pcisons p.s shall have been actively and notouoiisly
ensaied in ^aid rebellion, and especially ot persons herearier
acting as oinceis of the army or nivy of the lebels, now or
heie.iker in aims agam-t the United Slates ; peisons heie-
aftt r aetmga-* ptesident oi vice president, member of con-
gie>s, head"of department, civil officer, judgo, foieign nun-
i>ter, oi commis-tonei oi the so-called contedeiate Stales;
persons hcreattoi acting as an offieei, wnether civil, md-
naiy, or naval, of any State orTcnitoiy, who, by the con-
stitunon of the so-called confeileiate States is icquiied to
take an oath to siippoit said comtuution; pei-ons who,
having held an office of honoi, tin-t, or paofit undet the
United States, shall horcaltei take up aim-again-t the Uni-
ted State-; persons who, owning piopeity m the lo$ al States
or Tcniioj ics, oi the lu\ at poit.oi)> of the di-lov al States,
shall beieatiei assist or give aid an/1 eomfoit to the pie-ent
lebellion; and to hold and pos^e-s &ueh piopeity for the
United State.-, to sccuiu the appliance ot the oflendet to
take hi.i tiial and abide Mich punishment as shall be ad-
pulged agam-t him. No slave shall be seized undei {hi*
act; but the United States shall have a lien on ail the slaves
of th*1 peisons herein desenbed, to an-uei -mil oidu a?
may bo made m legal d to them for their iihci itum ; and no
sale theieof shall be of anyfotce or cil'iet aitei the com-
mission ot ■-aid offense.
Sl<\ 6. And be it fuilhcr muctcd, That the propeity so
-eized and scque-fered '■hall be held, po^-,o-sed, occupied,
or lented by the olheei^, afore.-aid, unul the owners thereof
can be pioc eded agaiu-t by legal pio^ecntn>n ; and it con-
vieted, until the piopury <*nn !><' levied upon, ot be de-
clai"d foiieitrd to the United States a- heietn piovided.
And all "iieh pusona! piopeitv as '-hail be .-.o taken, u inch
is pet tshabie, oi expen-ive in keeping, may be <-oid b\ said
office^ in th" .-ame wa\ and nirmnei that good*; and ebat-
tel- uk( n in execution ean be sold m the «,i:ne State ; and
<-aid officei-; shall keep and lenuei lull accounts oi all the
leeeipls" and avail- of said ptopeit\ -o ^old. let, oi oc< upied,
and pay o„-er tiie -'one. dfiiueting the nete--'iry expends,
jo tin1 Tiea.-uiy of the United States. Audi! the owner
of -aid property -had be dt-chaiged on ti iai. oi sooik i , by
onler o! the couit, -aid pn<peitv, oi the pioc>'ed- theieof,
if the same Miall have been sold, -hall be lUUiiied to iaid
ownei.
Slo. slutl be it fmlher en/u'rtl, Tha? if tin* owner of
any piop( rty wbi^h may be s.eize<l .i- aiore^ nd, -hall nee
fioni ]ii-tiee -<> that he earmot be bionidit to ti in! upon in-
dictment toned, and .1 u nil n upon the pi i,ce-s ioi hi-- an est
thai in i.iiiPot be loiind..m ("d*r shall be made bj the
com t wheie snid indictment i- pending > .-i;n'i ing -ueh ner-
^on to appearbefoie -aid com t at snch time as may be fixed
theiem, mil take Ins tual upon pain ol fViiieituie of all his
jnopeity, aiui the liberal ion (a all hi, • lave j h he -intli lail
to do to; which-aid order shall be published m - ueh man-
nei and for sueh time as the court may deteinnne; and if
