1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.
organization of that government and the princi-
ple on which it is founded read that exposition of
it as laid down by their chief expositor, and see
for what purpose they sought to erect upon the
ruins of our glorious institutions this southern
confederacy. They fight for eternal slavery, and
I fight for eternal freedom. That is the difference.
Knowing my cause to be just, knowing that I
stand where the fathers stood when they framed
the Government, I will stand here with a strong
hand, and with every instrumentality that God
Almighty has given me I will labor to put down
this accursed lebellion and defend free institu-
tions, not only forourselves,butforall mankind.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I have been
called to the floor just at this time by the manner
in which the honorable Senator from Ohio has
spoken of my proposition. I can hardly believe
that the honorable Senator has done himself the
benefit or me the justice to read it. I should think
from his manner of speaking of it, that he never
had read it. It has never been read by some gen-
tlemen, and probably, in a great measure, never
■will be.
I have heard a member object that my bill left
the punishment of treason to be death, or, in the
discretion of the court, a fine not less than a cer-
tain amount. He thought it most intolerable that
a man should be punished at the discretion of the
court. It has been gravely made an objection
that it would be the utmost tyranny that a man
should be punished by a fine at the discretion of
the court. That has been urged as a valid, seri-
ous objection. The member who made it did not
seem to understand, or did not remember, that
unless we make sucli a piovisiou, by the law as
it now stands the man is to be hung. That, I
suppose, lie thinks very tolerable, very well to be
endured by the man, but the other is intolerable!
It is objected that the hill proposed by me by
way of amendment implies for carrying it into
entire effect, a reestabhshmentof the Government
in the country—at least-that part of it where you
carry it into effect. It does imply that, and so
docs every other bill. The bill proposed by the
Senator from Illinois provides that the President
may take possession of property by men by him
appointed. How can he do it without taking pos-
session of the country .5 The officers whom he
appoints must have possession of the country
to take possession of the property. All the bills
here imply that that state of things must exist,
because we all agree that this forcible rebellion
must be put down by force, and not by legisla-
tion. Ail the propositions, therefore, take that
form. The proposition of the honoiable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,) and that of the hon-
orable Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
provide that the President may seize propel ty and
hold it until the Government is reestablished,
when proceedings m rem may be taken. That all
implies getting possession of the country and es-
tablishing some form of government there. It is
not a perfect lawlessness, nor is it a case where we
can make provision forcatrying things into effect
and do anything with the people and property
befoie we get possession of the country. All the
bills imply that we must have possession of the
country before they can be carried into effect.
They must imply it, unless, indeed, you find what
the boy said there was, a new kind of writ that
was to take a man as well where he ain 't as where
he is. If you get hold of such a writ as that, you
may do it, but I believe nobody has yet found out
such a contiivance. My bill is no more obnox-
ious to objection of that kind than any of the other
pending bills, or any bill that can be framed.
What does my bill propose? it declares what
shall be the punishment for treason. I have stated
my reasons for that, and I do not want to go over
them again. I piopose that the punishment may
be a fine, and that the fine may be collected from
the property of which the persons convicted were
owners when they committed the crime. That
may be the punishment on sentence by the court;
and what next? It is provided, just as it is in the
other bills, that the President may sequester and
take possession of all the property that he can get
possession of, and hold it to lespond to these fines.
Is it notexactly so in the other? Where he can
take possession of property under those bills, he
can under this. If he cannot under mine, he can-
not under any other. Theretbie, in my estimation,
if it is obnoxious to objection of that kind as being
practically inoperative for the want of getting pos-
session of the country, so must every bill that you
can frame that reaches any kind of property or
any person. It must in the nature of the thing
be so.
I find objections made that this is too much and
that is too little. In short, when an opinion is
made up and a resolution is formed that you will
find fault with a measure, you can easily find rea-
sons enough, no matter how inconsistent. It is
like the boy finding fault with his jacket because
it was made out of his father's old one: " it is too
big and too little, and it puckers at the end, and
it does not fit anyhow." So you can find fault
with anything, but in this respect all these bills
are in the same condition.
I have not risen with a view to reply to the in-
genious and able speech made by the honorable
Senator from Ohio—I mean able m the manner in
which it addresses the feelings of the people. I
said when I was up before, thatitdoesnotrequire
anything to inflame the public mind on this occa-
sion; it needs no declamation on this floor. There
are causes deep-seated enough which have ad-
dressed themselves to the resentments of the com-
munity. In my humble estimation, as giave legis-
lators, Senatois of the United States, it becomes
us to take counsel from our judgment, and not
inflame the resentments which may be operating
upon us individually.
But, Mr. President, in relation to the Senator's
remarks about the doomed condition of slavery,
I am very much of his opinion, and I do not think
it needs any legislation. 1 say again with him
who said it before me, and said it infinitely better
than I can, that it is not necessary to enact any
Saw to assistGod m the purposes which are clearly
His purposes. The Senator soysthatthe progress
of the age, the progress of improvement, the prog-
ress of the application of motive power, the gen-
eral sentiment of the world, and its civilization
and humanity, doom the institution of slavery.
Very well; let it be doomed. I take it if it is des-
tined, and its destiny has come, its doom does not
need any help at our hands. I think it will go
down, and we may just as well stand by and see
the judgment of God executed. I believe, too,
with the Senator, that the madness which dic-
tated this rebellion will, in the dispensation of
Providence, unavoidably hasten, and indeed has
hastened, if I may say so, the progress of events in
relation to that result. Plow, in what manner, the
result is to be attained, I cannot now say, and in re-
gard to that point probably different men entertain
different views.
For myself, without any prophetic vision—and
1 do not think it requires any—1 believe I can per-
ceive the coming result; its development may be
seen in the progress of our armies and the neces-
sary consequences which follow them. I see the
masters dispersed; I sec the slaves scattered; I
see that, in all probability, they will never be re-
claimed, whatever laws we may make. I see that
the further that progress goes, the more extended
will belts effect. I think I can perceive, too, that
unless some method be reached, addressed to the
better sense and the judgment of the great mass
of that people, which will bring them back to their
allegiance to this countiy, there may be realized
anew many of those lessons which we read m the
history of Europe ieldtive to the progress of what
used to be called the northern barbauans. They
went down and possessed the lands of a people
who had become degenerate and effeminate, if you
please, by the very nature of their climate. Our
northern people—not barbaiians, although they
aie called so m the South—will occupy that coun-
try, if the southern people persist, are obstinate,
and will not be oveicome by our power. If large
armies pass down the Mississippi, go from the
West, and from the North, if they are compelled
to sweep over all the southern country, and meet
in a great body, if you please, away down in
Georgia, armies of five, six, .seven, or eight hun-
dred thousand men, I can easily conceive that our
Government may then say to them," we have done
with you, except that we want some of you for
garrison purposes; and now we will disband all
the rest of you; to be sure, we may be bound to
march you to voui homes, but we will easily com-
mute with you and give you some twenty-five,
thirty, or forty dollars, and then you can get home
as you please.'' Now, sir, do you believe, m view
of the lessons tciught by the history of the worid,
that the men composing those armies will ever go
back to their old homes ? A very small part of them.
They will remain; they will say to each other,
" there is land enough here; the owners are scat-
tered, the slaves are dispersed over the country
needing employment; here is good land and a fine
climate; we have read much of' the sunny South;'
here it is." And they will do what is done in the
West, "squat;" and they will say " here are the
' white trash,' as they have been called, who own
no land and who are willing to help us; as to the
men who once owned here, we know not what
has become of them." Suppose fifty or one hun-
dred thousand of these men put themselves in pos-
session of a State, they will outvote any State,
they will mold its institutions, they will recon-
struct society. If the war goes on, results of that
kind, I think, it requires no prophecy to foresee.
Any man can see that in the ordinary course of
events such will probably be the result. I do not
believe that will arise from our making laws here.
What I say will probably never reach the south-
ern people; I do not know that it will reach many
anywhere else; but it seems to me very strange
short-sightedness that men of their discernment
and discretion cannot easily perceive that if they
persist such must be the results. I therefore carry
my views on that point even further than the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, not differing from him
in what he says in principle on this point, but
saying that it does not call for legislation at our
hands.
Mr. President, I have no idea of going over
again the grounds which I heretofore presented,
or of occupying the attention of the Senate by
their repetition. I am not apt to be guilty of that.
It is quite enough to state my views onee; and all
can know them that desire to know anything
about them. But I wish to put things simply
right, and then gentlemen can vote as they think
proper. The honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] has presented an amendment
to the sixth section of my bill. All I desire is,
that it shall be distinctly understood, not that I
expect to alter any man's opinions, or to change
his vote. In considering that section, it must be
borne m mind that I have all along made a large
measure of distinction between the power exer-
cised in time of war in this Government by the
Executive and by Congress. I think that distinc-
tion is broad, clear, obvious to anybody that de-
sires to see it. I think the very form of our oath,
and that of the President, shows that there is a
difference. We swear to support the Constitu-
tion; the President swears that he will protect
and defend it. The very form of the oath implies
the exercise of a different power. I think that the
provision of the Constitution which declares that
the writ of habeas corpxis shall not be suspended
unless when, in case of war or rebellion, the pub-
lic safety shall require it, implies that in those
times the public safety may require it, and does
lequire it. That implies the exercise of a large
measure of executive power.
I further say that the exercise of this executive
power in a time of war is almost without limita-
tion as against the enemy; it is the creature of cir-
cumstances as they arise; it is in a great measure
the law of retaliation; it changes with circum-
stances, and with changing circumstances is al-
most without limit. Let me give an illustration.
There is no doubt that the Executive, through the
officers of the Army, may burn down a city of
the enemy, entirely destroy it; it may become ne-
cessary to do it. Nay, further, all history is full
of it, and all writers on the laws of nations admit
that you may desolate a country, or a particular
section of it, if it becomes absolutely necessary to
its subjugation m a war. Who is to judge when
that crisis comes, when that necessity arises?
Cleatly those who carry on and execute the war.
Can it be said that because the President has
power in an emergency or m a necessity to de-
stroy a city, therefore Congress can make a law
directing the President to set fire to the four quar-
ters of the city of New Orleans to-day? Can it
he possible that we can make a statute, by any
power delegated to us in the Constitution, by
which we can compel the Executive to set fire to
the four quarters of the city of New Oileans to-
day? Certainlythatcannot.be. Can we pass a
law directing the Executive to desolate the noi th-
em neck of Virginia to-morrow, cut t very blade
of grass, raze every house to its foundation, kill
