1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lows: Fir&t. To the payment in coin of the juteiest on the
bonds and notes of the United States?. Second. To the
purchase or payment of one per ccnt. of the entiie debt of
the United State?, to he made within each fiscal year after
the l^t day of July, 38G2, which is to be set apart as a sink-
ing fund, and the interest of which shall, in like manner,
be applied to the purchase or payment of the public debt as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall, from time to time, di-
rect. Third. The residue thereof to be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States.
The House concurred in the eighteenth amend-
ment of the Senate with amendments—to insert
in the third line of the amendment after the word
" notes" the words " or coin;" in the tenth line,
strike out the words " of five," and insert" which
the Secretary of the Treasury may, from time to
time, prescribe, not exceeding six;" and after the
word " notes" in the eleventh line, to insert the
words " or coin."
Mr. KING. I ask that that amendment of the
Senate may be read as it will stand with the amend-
ments inserted by the House, so that we may
understand it.
The Secretary read it, as amended, as follows.:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sccietary of
the Treasury may receive from any peison or persons, or
any corporation, United States notes or coin on deposit for
not less than thirty days m sums of not less than $100, with
any of the Assistant Treasurers or designated depositaues
of the United States authorized by the Sccietary of the
Treasury to receive them, who shall issue therefor certifi-
cates of deposit, made in such form as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe, and said certificates of deposit
shall bear intciest at the rate which the Secretary of the
Ih'ea'iury may,front time to time, j>resciibe,not exceeding six
per ccnt. per annum ; and any amount of United States notes
or coin so deposited may be withdrawn from deposit at any
time after ten days'notice, on the return of saidceitificates :
Provided, That the interest on all such deposits shall cease
and determine at the pleasure of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury : J3nd provided further, That the aggregate of such de-
posits shall at no tune exceed the amount of $23,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hardly know whatcourse
it is best to take on this subject I shall be gov-
erned by my associates on the committee with
reference to that matter. There are one or two ;
amendments of the Senate which have been dis-
agreed to by the House which I think rather im-
portant to the bill; and as I understand the House
has adjourned until to-morrow, i am willing to let
the bill lie over, and be considered then by the
Senate; or disagree to them now, and have a com-
mitteeof conferenceappointed atonce. I am afraid
if we have a committee of conference it may be
difficult to get through with it to-morrow, and it
will be important to dispose of it then.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that by
having a committee of conference you will have
the matter always within your control; you can
introduce it at any time in cither House, it being
a privileged question, and always dispose of it;
and I think a committee of conference would im-
prove the bill. There are some amendments of
the Senate disagreed to by the House which I
think very important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will move, as I
understand the House has adjourned until to-mor-
row, that the Senate insist on its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, and
disagree to the amendments of the House to the
amendments of the Senate, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and Mi. Fessen-
Den, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Carule were ap-
pointed.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaket's tabic
Senate resolution No. 22, providing foi the pay-
ment of the awards of the commission to invrs-
tigate the military claims in the department of the
West, and to move its reference to the Committee
899
Oil the Judiciary. I do this at the suggestion of
that committee.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time by its title, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the question1 in order to
be the consideration of the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 240, to authorize the issue
of United States notes and for the redemption 01*
funding thereof and for funding the floating debt
of the United States; on which the main question
had been ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to repr-at the amendment which I
offered yesterday, after the word "interest," in
the seventh amendment of the Senate. It is neces-
sary, in order to make the bill homogeneous.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. If allowed to remain as it
how is, the bill will be incongruous.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. If the gentleman
will pcimit me to state the reason of my objection,
and I find I am wrong, I will then withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is entitled to
make his objection.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I think the ob-
ject of the amendment is to defeat the interest
clause.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts desires to submit some
remarks on this subject, and I yield to him for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is entitled to an hour
under the rules to close the debate; and if there be
no objection, he can yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HOOPER. I thank the gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, with the present large expendi-
tures of the Government, and while the banks
throughout the country are acting under a sus-
pension of specie payments, it is an absurdity to
insist on the strict enforcement of the existing
laws, which require all Government receipts and
payments to be made in coin. It is absurd, in my
opinion, because it is impossible; and it is also
i absurd because it is useless. What private cor-
porations or individuals in this country receive
and pay coin in the conduct of their business?
There arc none. Nearly all the ordinary receipts
and payments throughout the country are made
in bank notes, bank checks, or credit in some
other form; and coin is only required occasionally
for a very small per cent, of those receipts and pay-
ments, which in amount extend, in the course of a
single year, to thousands of millions of dollars.
The object of this Treasury note bill is to fur-
nish a substantial and uniform currency that will
aid the Government and enable it to receive its
dues and make its payments, like all others, with
credits. This bill declares that, for all dues to the
Government and for all payments by the Govern-
ment, these notes shall be received " the same as
coin." One way to make them "the same as
coin" would be to make them at all times con-
vertible into coin. Another is to use them, so far
as possible, for all the pmposes for which coin is
used; and m this latter mode their value will be
the same as coin, unless the amount that is issued
exceeds the amount needed for such uses.
At the end of twelve months from this time the
receipts of the Government and the payments by
the Government, amounting to many hundred !
millions of dollars, will be found to be neaily !
equal; that is, the Government during that time |
will have leceived about the same amount that it j
will have paid; and if these " Governmentnotes"
are, in part, paid out by the Government, as it is
proposed they shall be, in anticipation of the re-
ceipts for taxes and loans, they must all come [
back again in the course of the year, when those j
taxes and loans aie paid for. The people may find j
a portion of these notes more convenient for other !
uses, and may therefoie prefer to make their pay-
ments to the Government partly in coiu. Unless,
therefore, the Government is to be broken down,
by the refusal to furnish the meajis in the form of
taxes and loans to carry it on, these notes cannot
depreciate to any extent, because they will be
needed, and profiably a large amount of coin in
addition, to pay into the Treasury for the loans
and taxes; they will be received by the Govern-
ment the same as coin, and therefore must be for
this purpose and all others the equivalent of coin,
unless they are imprudently issued in excess of
the requirements for such purposes.
I am opposed to this amendment of the Senate
which requires the interest on Government notes
and bonds to be absolutely paid in coin, because
its effect will be to depreciate these notes as com-
pared with coin, by declaring them in advance to
be so depreciated. It creates a necessity for the
Government to obtain a large amount of coin by
purchase, if it is not received in payment of taxes
and loans, which hold out an inducementto spec-
ulate on the necessity of the Government, by col-
lecting and hoarding the coin against the time that
it will be required by the Government to pay its
interest; antf because it is an unnecessary incon-
venience to require the whole amount of the inter-
est to be paid in coin, when only the small amount
is necessary that is to be remitted to foreign hold-
ers of bonds; which could easily be obtained at
small cost, if the effect of the issue of the Govern-
ment notes should be what the friends of this bill
expect.
It appears to me the opponents of the bill, if
their arguments have any force, prove too much.
I am not surprised that members who openly avow
themselves as opponents of the Administration
should object to a measure that is recommended
as a necessity by the Administration to which
they are opposed._ But I was astonished yester-
day to hear my friend from Vermont express his
want of confidence and his distrust, and denounce
these notes, issued by the Government, as the
" meanest paper trash." Others, arguing to the
same effect, have expressed the opinion that they
were no better than the notes that have been is-
sued by the so-called confederate government, and
have predicted that, like those notes, they would
depreciate to thirty, forty, and fifty per cent, dis-
count. This has gone forth to the country as the
deliberate and grave conviction of my friend from
Vermont, and my friend from New York, and
others who have voted with them on this ques-
tion.
I entertain an entirely different opinion of the
credit and fbsponsibility of the Government, and
of the value of any obligations it may sec fit to
issue, under any Administration, and particularly
so under its present Republican Administration.
The friends of this measure favor it as fraught
with benefit to the country in its present condi-
tion. They have advocated theissueofthese notes
as useful to the Government m relieving its tem-
porary necessities, and essential to the people as
a means of supplying them with a substantial cur-
rency in which to pay the proposed taxes and the
loans that will be required.
As 1 said before, if the opponents of this bill
have proved anything they have proved too much
in reference to the question no Vv before the House,
which is to make a distinction in favor of the hold-
ers of Government securities, and pay what may
be due to them in coined money, while all other
creditors of the Government shall be paid in what
they have denounced to the counti y from the high
places they occupy hero as the meanest paper trash.
Mr. LOVEJOY. IIow does the gentleman
propose to supply the means to the people to pay
these taxes? He does not mean to give them to
the people. I suppose, therefore, the people will
have to get them in exchange for these notes. If
these notes are as good as gold, why, then, is there
a necessity for what is pioposed?
Mr. HOOPER. There is not enough of gold.
The returns of the banks will show that there are
aboutsixty-two millions of dollars in gold in their
possession and under their control. I know of no
way by which theGovernmentcangct that, unless
it takes it from the banks.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is there not as much gold in
the country as there ever has been?
Mr. HOOPER. The demands of the Govern-
ment are,much larger than they ever have been in
any previous year.
1 now yield the floor, again thanking the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania for his courtesy.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to reconsider the vote by
which the House recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary House bill No. 226, to amend an
