1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
403
Laws of the United, States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
but in no case shall there be any allowance for
draft.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted. That from
and after the first day of November, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, no goods, wares, or mer-
chandise subject to ad valorem or specific duty,
whether belonging to a person or persons residing
in the United States or otherwise, or whether ac-
quired by the ordinary process of bargain and
sale, or.otherwise, shall be admitted to entry, un-
less the invoice of such goods, wares, or merchan-
dise be verified by the oath of the owner or one of
the owners, or in the absence of the owner, one
of the party who is authorized by the owner to
make the shipment and sign the invoice of the
same, certifying that the invoice annexed contains
a true and faithful account, if subject to ad valo-
rem duty and obtained by purchase, of the actual
cost thereof, and of all charges thereon, and that
no discounts* bounties, or drawbacks are con-
tained in the said invoice but such as have actu-
ally been allowed on the same; and when con-
signed or obtained in any manner other than by
purchase, the actual market value thereof, and if
subject to specific duty, of the actual quantity
thereof; which said oath shall be administered by
the consul or commercial agent of the United
States in the district where the goods are manu-
factured, or from which they are sent; and if there
be no consul or commercial agent of the United
States in the said district, the verification hereby
required shall be made by the consul or commer-
cial agent of the United States at the nearest point,
or at the port from which the goods are shipped,
in which case the oath shall be administered by
some public officer, duly authorized to administer
oaths, and transmitted with a copy of the invoice
to the consul or commercial agent for his authen-
tication; and this act shall be construed only to
modify, and not repeal, the act of March first,
eighteen hundred and twenty-three, entitled " An
act supplementary to, and to amend an act enti-
tled * An act to regulate the collection of duties on
imports and tonnage,' passed second March, one
thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for
other purposes," and the forms of the oaths
therein set forth shall be modified accordingly.
And there shall be paid to the said consul, vice
consul, or commercial agent, by the person or
persons by or in behalf of whom the said in-
voices are presented and deposited one dollar for
each and every invoice verified, which shall be
accounted for by the officers receiving the same,
in such manner as is now required by the laws
regulating the fees and salaries of consuls and
commercial agents: Provided, Thatnothing herein
contained shall be construed to require for goods
imported under the reciprocity treaty with Great
Britain, signed June fifth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, any other consular certificate than is
now required by law: And provided further, That
the provisions of this section shall not apply to
invoices of goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported into the United States from beyond Cape
Horn and the Cape of Good Hope, until the first
day of April, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-three: And provided further, That the pro-
visions of this section shall notapply to countries
where there is no consul, vice consul, or commer-
cial agent of the United States.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That, from
and after the date aforesaid^ shall be the duty
of consuls and commercial agents of the United
States, having any knowledge or belief of any
case or practice of any person or persons who
obtain or should obtain verification of invoices as
described in the preceding section, whereby the
revenue of the United States is or may be de-
frauded, to report the facts to the collcctor of the
port where the revenue is or may be defrauded,
or to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, the act entitled "An
act to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved March two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, be, and the same is hereby, amended
as follows, that is to say: first, in section twelve,
before the word " eighteen," where it first occurs,
strike out" less than;" second, in section twenty-
three, after the words " artists residing abroad,"
strike out" provided thesame beimported in good
faith as objects of taste and not of merchandise,"
and insert,iS provided the fact, as aforesaid, shall
be certified by the artist, or by a consul of the Uni-
ted States;" and in the same section, before the
word " orpiment," insert, " ores of gold and sil-
ver."
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the
sixth section of an act entitled " An act to extend
the warehousing system by establishing private
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes," be,
and the same is hereby, amended so that the ad-
ditional duty of one hundred per centum shall not
apply to the invoice or appraised value of the
merchandise withdrawn,but shall be so construed
as to require for failuie to transport and deliver
within the time limited, a duty to be levied and
collected of double the amount [to] which said
goods, wares, and merchandise would be liable
upon the original entry thereof.
Sec.21. And beit further enacted, Thatall goods,
wares, and merchandise, which may be in the
public stores or bonded warehouse on the first
day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
may be withdrawn for consumption upon pay-
ment of the duties now imposed thereon by law,
provided the same shall be so withdrawn within
three months from the date of original importa-
tion; but all goods, wares, and merchandise which
shall remain in the public stores or bonded ware-
house for more than three months from the date
of original importation, if withdrawn for consump-
tion, and all goods on shipboard on the first day
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, shall
be subject to the duties prescribed by this act:
Provided, That all goods which now are or may
be deposited in public store or bonded warehouse
after this act takes effect anil goes into operation,
must be withdrawn therefrom,or the duties there-
on paid within one year from the date of original
importation, but may be withdrawn by the owner
for exportation to foreign countries, or may be
transhipped to any port of the Pacific or western
coast of the United States at any time before the
expiration of three years from the date of original
importation; such goods on arrival at a Pacific or
western port, as aforesaid, to be subject to the
same rules and regulations as if originally im-
ported there; any goods remaining in public store
or bonded warehouse beyond three years shall be
regarded as abandoned to the Government, and
sold under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe, and the proceeds
paid into the Treasury: Provided further, That
merchandise upon which duties have been paid
may remain in warehouse in custody of the offi-
cers of the customs at the expense and risk of the
owners of said merchandise, and if exported di-
rectly from said custody to a foreign country
within three years, shall be entitled to return du-
ties, proper evidence of such merchandise having
been landed abroad to be furnished to the collector
by the importer, one per centum of said duties to
be retained by the Government: And provided
further, That all drugs, medicines, and chemical
preparations, entered for exportation and depos-
ited in warehouseor public store, may be exported
by the owner or owners thereof in the original
package, or otherwise, subject to such regulations
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury: And provided further, That the third or
last proviso to the fifth section of an act entitled
(i An act to provide increased revenue from im-
ports, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved the sixth [fifth] day of
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be,and
the same is hereby, repealed; and no return of
the duties shall be allowed on the export of any
merchandise after it has been removed from the
custody and control of the Government; but noth-
ing herein contained shall be held to apply to or
repeal section thirty of the act entitled " An act to
provide for the paymentof outstandingTreasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, or section four of an act entitled 44 An act to
provide increased revenue from imports, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved August fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the
privilege of purchasing supplies from the public
warehouses duty free be extended, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, to the vessels-of-war of any nation in
ports of the United States which may reciprocate
such privilege towards the vessels-of-war of the
United States in its ports.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, Thatall acts
and parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed:
Provided, That the existing laws shall extend to,
and be in force for, the collection of the duties im-
posed by this act, for the prosecution and punish-
ment of all offenses, and for the recovery, col-
lection, distribution, and remission of all fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, as fully and effectually
as if every regulution, penalty,forfeiture, provis-
ion, clause, matter, and thing to that effect', in the
existing Jaws contained, had been inserted in and
reenacted by this act.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That in the
ninety-fifth section of the act entitled 44 An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment and [to] pay interest on the public debt,"
approved July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, be so amended that no instrument, docu-
ment, or paper, made, signed, or issued prior to
thefirstday of January,eighteen hundred and six-
ty-three, without being duly stamped, or having
thereon an adhesive stamp to denote the duty im-
posed thereon, shall for that cause be deemed
invalid and of no effect: Provided, however, That
no such instrument, document, or paper shall be
admitted or used as evidence in any court until
the same shall have been duly stamped, nor until
the holder thereof shall have proved to the satis-
faction of the court that he has paid to the col-
lector or deputy collector of the district within
which such court may be held the sum of five
dollars, for the use of the United States.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That no part
of the act aforesaid, in relation to stamp duties,
shall be held to take effect before the first day of
September, eighteen hundred and sixty-two. And
so much of said act as relates to the appointment
of collectors and assessors shall be held to take
effect on the twenty-first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, instead of from and after
its approval by the President.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXIV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundrea and sixty-three,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year endfing the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, eleven million six hundred and
seventeen thousand one hundred and nine dol-
lars.
For the repair and equipment of vessels of the
Navy, eleven million four hundred thousaud dol-
lars.
For fuel for the Navy, to be purchased in the
mode prescribed by law for other materials, and
for the transportation thereof, two million one
hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, five hundred and forty thousand
dollars.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, including
incidental expenses, five million one hundred ana
fifty thousand dollars.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers and
marines attached to vessels for sea service, three
million three hundred and fifty-one thousand five
hundred and twenty-one dollars and twenty-five
cents: Provided, That the preserved meat form-
ing part of the Navy ration may be prepared
and packed under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy, if he shall doem it advisable; and
that the cattle or fresh beef therefor may be pur-
