404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
37th Oong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
chased under bis directions, and from this appro-
priation; and that lie be authorized to do what-
ever else may be necessary for the procuring,
preparing, and packing said preserved meat in
the most approved and advantageous manner; the
expense for machinery and tools to be defrayed
from the last named sum, and not to exceed five
thousand dollars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the en-
gineer and marine corps, twenty-seven thousand
nine hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes: freight and transporta-
tion sprinting and stationery; advertising in news-
papers; books, maps, models, drawings; pur-
chase and repair of fire-engines; for machinery,
of every description, and the patent right to use
the same; repair of and attending to steam en-
gines in navy-yards; purchase and maintenance
of horses and oxen, and driving teams, carts,
timber-wheels, and the purchase and repair of
workman's tool's; postage of public letters; tele-
grams, fuel, oil, and candles for navy-yards and
shore stations; pay of watchmen and incidental
labor not chargeable to any other appropriation;
transportation to and labor attending the delivery
of provisions and stores on foreign stations;
wharfage, dockage, and rent for docking vessels;
for furniture for Government houses; traveling
expenses of officers and others under orders; fu-
neral expenses; store and office rent; fuel; com-
missions and pay of clerks to navy agents and
storekeepers; flags, awnings, and packing boxes;
premiums, and other expenses of recruiting; ap-
prehending deserters; per diem pay to persons
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
other services authorized by law; pay to judges
advocate; pay to lithographers; pilotage and tow-
age of vessels, and assistance to vessels in dis-
tress; and for bills of health and quarantine ex-
penses # vessels of the United States Navy in
foreign ports, one million seven hundred thousand
dollars.
For clothing for the Navy, six hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the charter of vessels, stores, extra labor-
ers, and purchase of additional steam vessels,
three million dollars: Provided, That hereafter, in
all cases where the officers of the Navy can be
made available, consistently with the* public ser-
vice, in making contracts for the charter of ves-
sels and the purchase of additional steam vessels,
no other person or persons shall be employed;
nor shall such officers, when so employed, re-
ceive any compensation in addition to their offi-
cial pay; and when any other person or persons
than an officer of the Navy shall be employed, the
compensation shall not exceed the sum of five
thousand dollars for all contracts for purchases or
charters in any one year made under the provis-
ions of this act.
For pay of lithographer for the year ending
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, three hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs, painting, and raising the roof of
the Navy Department building, finishing and fur-
nishing the same, twenty thousand dollars.
MARINE CORPS.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, privates, clerks, messengers,
stewards, and seivants; for rations and clothing
for servants; additional rations forfive years'ser-
vice; for undrawn clothing and rations; bounties
for ^enlistments, six hundred and ninety six
thousand one hundred and ninety-eight dollars and
thirty cents.
For the support of five hundred and eighty men
authorized to be enlisted for the marine corps, by
the President of the United States, on the twenty-
second of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, seventy-four thousand seven hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and forty cents.
For provisions, one hundred and forty-three
thousand four hundred and forty-five dollars.
For clothing, one hundred and thirty-four thou-
sand six hundred and sixty dollars.
For fuel, thirty thousaud eight hundred and
ninety-four dollars and fifty cents.
tor military stores, namely: pay of armorers,
repair of arms, purchase of accouterments, ord-
nance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other instru-
ments, fifteen thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
and troops, and expenses of recruiting, twenty-
two thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings for that pur-
pose, eight thousand dollars.
For completing repairs of Charlestown bar-
racks, ten thousand four hundred and fifty-eight
dollars and ninety-seven cents: Provided, That
the same can be fully completed for that sum;
and no part of the money hereby appropriated
shall be expended until it is satisfactorily ascer-
tained that the said building can be completed
therewith.
For contingencies, namely: Freight, ferriage,
toll, carriage, wharfage; purchase and repair of
boats; compensation to judges-advocate; perdiem
for attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry,
and for constant labor; house rent in lieu of quar-
ters; burial of deceased marines; printing, sta-
tionery, postage, telegraphing; apprehension of
deserters; oil, candles, gas; repairs of gas and
water fixtures, water rent, forage, straw, barrack
furniture; bed sacks, spades, shovels, axes, picks,
carpenters' tools; keep of ahorseforthe messen-
ger; pay of''matron, washerwoman, and porter at
the hospital headquarters, forty-five thousand
dollars.
NAVY-YARDS.
Portsmouth, jveyj Hampshire.
For mach ine shop and smithery, fitting and fur-
nishing the same, reservoir, capstan for sheers,
quay wall near landing, extension of storehouse
number eleven one hundred feet, repairs and in-
crease of ordnance machinery and shops, and re-
pairs of all kinds, two hundred and thirty-two
thousand thirty-two dollars.
For futtock saw-mill and building, ten thousand
dollars.
Boston.
For paving and draining at new shops; coal-
house for found'ery, smithery, and for other pur-
poses; reservoir and steam pump, or pipes for
Cochituate water; water-closets; repairs and in-
crease of ordnance machinery and shops, and re-
pairs of all kinds, two hundred and fifty-three
thousand five hundred dollars.
For house foundation and heavy Nesmith ham-
mer for heavy forgings, sixty-two thousand dol-
lars.
For the purchase of land and wharf adjoining
the navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts,
owned by Oakman and Eldridge, and extending |
from Charles River to Water-street, and con-
taining about one hundred and twenty thousand
square feet, one hundred and twenty-three thou-
sand dollars.
For futtock saw-mill and building, ten thou-
sand dollars.
vWu' York.
For dredging channels; building and repairing
scows; rebuilding long dock; repairs to ship-
houses; quay walls; extension of sewer; boiler
house; founaery shed; machinery for machine
shop, foundery, boiler shop, and smithery; re-
pairs of machinery,boilers; repairs of engines in
machine shop; repairs and increase of ordnance
machinery and shops, and repairs of all kinds,
three hundred and twenty thousand eight hundred
and forty-six dollars.
For a cylinder for roasting coffee, four hundred
dollars.
Philadelphia.
For extension of joiners'shop, storehouses and
smithery; repairs of dry dock; dredging; repairs
and iticiease of ordnance machinery and shops,
and repairs of all kinds, one hundred and twenty-
eight thousand seven hundred and forty-six dol-
lars*.
Washington.
For.machinery and tools; paving; gas works;
repairs and increase of ordnance machinery and
shops, and repairs of all kinds, one hundred and
twenty-six thousand nine hundred and eighty-
five dollars.
Mare Island.
For completion of derrick, foundery and equip-
ment; grading; completing officers' houses; gas
works; two iron wharf-cranes; machinery and
tools for smithery; cisterns; scows, lighters, stages
and pile-driver; drainage and sewerage; boat-
house and slip, and repairs of all kinds, one hun-
dred and ninety-six thousand three hundred and
fifty-two dollars: Provided, That no expenditure
for completing officers' houses shall be incurred
until complete plans and specifications, with esti-
mates of cost in detail, shall be furnished to and
approved by the Secretary of the Navy, and the
work shall be done by contract after due and
public advertisement for proposals; but no por-
tion of this appropriation shall be expended unless
the work can be completed for the sum hereby
appropriated.
Sackett's Harbor.
For repairs of all kinds, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
HOSPITALS.
Portmouth, New Hampshire.
For purchase of twenty-seven and three hun-
dred and fifty-five thousandths acres of land on
Seavey's island, adjacent to the Kittery navy-
yard, fourteen thousand five hundred dollars:
Provided, That the Chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks be, and he is hereby, authorized to
purchase that portion of Seavey's island lying
west of the road, for such sum as to him may
seem reasonable and advantageous to the Gov-
ernment.
For hospital on Seavey's island, ten thousand
dollars: Provided, That no building shall be erected
or extended until complete plans and specifica-
tions and estimates of the cost in detail shall be
furnished to and approved by the Secretary of
the Navy, and contracts therefor shall be let upon
due and public advertisement.
Boston.
For extension of hospital and repairs of build-
ings, seventy-one thousand five hundred dollars:
Provided, That no building shall be erected or
extended until complete plans and specifications
and estimates of cost in detail shall be furnished
to and approved by the Secretary of the Navy,
and contracts therefor shall be let upon due and
public advertisement.
New York.
For repairs and improvements, and house for
surgeon and director of thelab[o]ratory, twenty-
one thousand five hundred dollars.
Philadelphia.
For furniture and repairs of same; house clean-
ing and whitewashing; repairs to furnaces, grates,
and ranges; gas and water rent; painting wall on
Shippen street, and general repairs, five thousand
three hundred dollars.
Forsupport of beneficiaries, twenty-seven thou-
sand dollars.
MAGAZINES.
Bo ston.
For general repairs of buildings, addition to
magazine and wall around magazine grounds,
thirty-two thousand nine hundred and thirteen
dollars.
New York.
For improvement of armory; house for stor-
age of loaded shells, and repairs of all kinds, fif-
ty-five thousand tw^hundred and forty-nine dol-
lars.
Philadelphia.
For repairs of wharf and magazine at Fort Mif-
flin, one thousand five hundred dollars.
Washington.
For repairs of magazine and ordnance build-
ings, six thousand dollars.
Mare Island.
For repairs of all kinds, two thousand dollar?.
For pay ofsuperintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the general
navy-yards and stations, one hundred and four
thousand five hundred and eighty-four dollars:
Provided, That hereafierno salaries shall be paid
to any employe in any of the navy-yards except
to those designated in the estimate. All other
persons shall receives per diem compensation
for the time during which they were actually en-
gaged. '
