"1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,903
ship canal for the passage of armed and naval ves-
sels from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan,
and for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recommit-
ted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr.&TEVENS. I move thatthe rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
bill of the House No. 259, making appropriations
for the support of the Post Office Department, for
the year ending 30th June, 1863; on which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Chairman, the first
duty, perhaps, of one who attempts to address a
deliberative body, is a clear and candid definition
of his own position on the subject under discus-
sion. I am willing and ready to meet that re-
quiiement on this occasion. I propose to discuss
the duty of the Federal Government in its rela-
tion to«the unhappy war which now afflicts the
nation, aj^d the objects for which alone that war
should be prosecuted. And standing here, a loyal
and faithful citizen, recognizing to the fullest ex-
tent the bond of my allegiance, I declare my pur-
pose to sustain the Government with all my en-
ergies in all its constitutional efforts to maintain
unbroken the union of these States as our fathers
madeit; that I will sustain it with all myenergies
in so conducting this war that it shall " not be
waged in the spirit of conquest orsubjugation, nor
for the purpose of overthrowing or interfering
with the rights or institutions of the States; but
to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution, and to preserve the Union with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several
States unimpaired;" but that I shall oppose unal-
terably, in all constitutional methods, and to the
utmost of my ability , the prosecution of this war
for the purpose of subjugating the southern States,
reducing them to the condition of Tenitories, sub-
verting their institutions and laws, or liberating
their slaves. This position I conceive to be one
on which every lover of the Union, every disci-
ple of the Constitution, every friend of human-
ity, can stand. It is the rock of the Constitution;
and he who places his feet upon it may defy the
storm which rages around him.
Sir, a sympathy with the rebellious and seceded
States is now a favorite charge to bring against
men in public life; and to relieve themselves of
such an odium the brief hour which is allotted to
members on this floor is usually occupied in fierce
denunciations and labored invective against the
crime and folly of secession. I shall follow no
such example. Hard words and brave threats
neither weaken our enemies nor strengthen us.
This war will not be brought to a close by strong
expressions of hate, nor is such a course consist-
ent with a high order of statesmanship. If Mr.
Seward could instructour minister at the Courtof
St. James to " indulge i n no expressions of harsh-
ness, or disrespect, or even impatience, concerning
the seceding States, their agents, or their people,"
I will certainly be. pardoned for turning my atten-
tion to the consideration of our own duties, and
the questions within our own control, rather than
consume my time in an idle and l^rmless display
of indignation against the wickedness of the south-
ern rebellion. 1 shall proceed at once to that con-
sideration.
Other nations, Mr. Chairman, have undergone,
as well as we, the heavy strokes of adversity.
The visitations of God have fallen upon the chil-
dren of men in all ages. The trumpet of the sixth
angel, arousing the spirit of slaughter, has pealed
an unbroken strain from the beginning of the
world to the piesent hour. We are not alone or
singular in our afflictions, except in the magni-
tude of the interests involved. In the value of
these we stand alone, without a parallel. We
hold in trust for posterity interests more vast,
rights more dear, and hopes more infinite and
stretching further into futuiity than were ever be-
fore given to the custody of a Government; and
our fall as a nation, if fall we must, will be from
a loftier height of happiness than any people ever
trod before, and into a depth of woe and dark-
ness as hopeless and despairing as that murky
clime to which the bright son of the morning fell,
in his eternal fall, never to hope again. When I
sneak of our fall, however, as a nation, 1 do not
allude simply to the dismemberment of our terri-
tory—the dissolution of the Union. This, it is
true, is a disaster too fearful to contemplate; a
vision which I pray may never " sear mine eye-
balls" with its awful fulfillment. The Union was
established by the prayers, the tears, the groans,
the blood of a generation which stands exalted in
all that ennobles the human race over all the other
fenerations of men which the earth has witnessed,
t comes down to us rich with the odor of blessed
memories. To preserve it in its purity, to restore
it to its glory, to lift it up once more for the civil-
ized world to look at and admire, to bequeath it
unimpaired in its beneficent grandeur to our chil-
dren, is a cause in which every sacrifice, save that
of eternal truth, becomes cheap and easy. For
that cause I desire, in my humble capacity, to
speak to-day. For that cause I can say, with the
eye of Omniscience for my witness, no life be-
tween the two oceans that bound this continent
would be more willingly offered than mine.
But a greater evil, a more fatal calamity to us
and our posterity than evena hostile line of divis-
ion across the heart of the nation is, in my judg-
ment, here threatened on this floor. The fall of
this Republic can never be complete until the Con-
stitution is overthrown. A portion of its terri-
tory may be torn away, treason may rob it of
much of its treasure, the lightning may descend
and scatter some of its beautiful blanches, and
seam and scar its stately trunk; but if the immor-
tal principles of the Constitution are left, the sap
of life will rise again, and the leaves will come in
the spring. Destroy them, and the tree of liberty,
like a girdled tree of the western forests, will hasten
to decay, and fall to the earth, to be removed as
rubbish by the hand of some tyrant and usurper.
Sir, what is it that constitutes the value of Amer-
ican citizenship? Is it vast possessions and ex-
tensive boundaries? What to me, what to you,
is the possession of the four quarters of the globe,
and all the islands of the sea, if we have not as
our shield, our buckler, and our defense, the Con-
stitution of our fathers? Within its sacred folds
are garnered up the great crown-jewels of human
freedom. First, and above all, at every hazard,
and in the face of all consequences, permit not
the citizen to be robbed of these jewels. They
constitute his all; they render his person sacredj
they make his roof piotect him at home; they
enable him when abroad to exclaim with more
weight than the Roman of old, that he is an Amer-
ican citizen; they open his prison doors in time
of trouble; they place him before his accusers;
they give him a trial by his peers; they protect him
in the enjoyment of the hard-earned labor of*his
hands; they tell him, in tones of angelic sweetness,
to eat in peace the bread which he has earned in
the sweat of his face. They are all, all, sir, all
that render American citizenship significant of
liberty, significant of fiee-born, upright, glorious
manhood throughout the world. For me, let me
wear and enjoy them, though my possessions
should be no broader than the narrow limits to
which we all hasten, and where the weary heart
finds rest.
But we are constantly reminded by those who
propose to violate the Constitution, that we are
111 the midst of a national crisis which calls for the
exercise of powers not contained in that instru-
ment. I deny this proposition, and asserton the
contrary that the restoiation of the Union will be
accomplished by and through the instrumentality
of the Constitution, and a strict observance of its
provisions, or not at all. And now, sir, in this
connection, I propose to discuss in some of its
most important bearings one of the measures in-
troduced into this House as the highest offering
which, in the judgment of its friends, statesman-
ship can bring at this time to the cause ofourun-
happy country.
The members of this body, on the 2d day of
December, had but fairly become seated, and the
sound of the roll-call had scarcely died away,
until with hot haste the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Eliot] introduced the following
resolutions:
" Resolved by the Senate ani House of Representatives of
the United Stales of America in Congress assembled, 1.1 hat
in behalf of the people of these States, we do again sol-
emnly declare that the war in which we are engaged against
the insurgent bodies now in arras against the Government
has for its object the suppression of such rebellion and the
. reestablishment of the rightful authority of the.national
Constitution and laws over the entire extentof our com-
moni country; 2, That while wc disclaim all power under
the Constitution to interfere by ordinary legtslaiion.wiUi.
the institutions of.the several State?, yet the war now ex-
isting must be conducted according to the ordinary usages
and rights of military service, and that during its conttim-
a"c.e {£e recognized authority of the maxim that the safety
01 the fotate is the highest law, subordinates rights of prop-
erty and dominates ovej- civil jeiations; 3. That therefore
we do hereby declare Chat, in our judgment, the President,
ot the United States, as the Commander-in-Chief of oar
Army, and the officers in command under him,have the
right to emancipate all persons held as slaves In any mili-
tary district in a state of insurrection against the national
Government, and that we respectfully advise that such or-
der of emancipation be issued whenever the same will avail
to weaken the power of the robela inarms, or to strengthen
the military power of the loyai forces."
A few moments afterwards the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]—who I think may
justly be considered as the leader of ins party—
not to be outdone, and to assert hi,1? right to be
looked upon as the head of the abolition church,
not even respecting the claims of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Loyejoy,] introduced the fol-
lowing as his plan for the restoration of the Gov-
ernment of our fathers:
« Whereas slavery has caused the present rebellion in
the United States; and whereas there can be no solid and
permanent peace and union in this .Republic so Jong as that
institution exists within itj and whereas slaves are now
used by the icbels as an essential means of supporting and
piotracting the war j and whereas by the law of nations it
is right to liberate the slaves of an enemy to weaken hi&
power: Thoiclore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the President be requested to declare free, and to direct
all of our generals and officers in command to order free-
dom to all slaves who shall leave their masters, or who shall
aid in quelling this rebellion.
"Sec. 2. *dnd be it further resolved, That the United
States pledge the faith ol the Union to make full and fair
compensation to all loyal citizens who are and shall remain
active in -supporting the Union for all the loss they may
sustain by virtue of this act."
Not an hour was lost, sir, in the inauguration,
on this floor, of the schemes of universal abolition-
ism and their prolonged discussion. The country
witnessed this evil omen with amazement and
alarm. The idea that Congress cherished the re-
motest design of attempting to interfere with or
abolish slavery in the southern States had never
entered the minds of the people. That the war in
which wc are engaged was to be prosecuted for
such a purpose they had no right to believe, if
there is any faith to be put in the" pledges of the
public men now in power. But in what light are
these subjects placed before the country now?
The distinguished leaders of the party which has
control here on this floor, have, day after day,
during this session, proclaimed the power and the
purpose by congressional action to strike down
the domestic institutions of the States, and I fear
they are supported by a majority of the House.
The four millions of slaves held by the southern
States are to be declared free by the proclamation
of the President or by act of Congress. And other
and further atrocities are proposed in this con-
nection which I will allude to before I close.
I wish, first, sir, to show in the amplest and most
conclusive manner that this pernicious movement
is an act of intolerable bad faith on the part of the
party in power towards Union men of the coun-
try. I assert here on this floor, and shall prove
before I sit down, that, if universal emancipation
is now to be the policy of the Government in its
prosecution of this war, a foul deception has been
practiced on the loyal people of the nation, and
our Army has been obtained and mustered into
the field by false pretenses more gross than were
ever before perpetrated to obtain the means with
which to carry out secret and unhallowed pur-
poses. By what magic cry came six hundred
thousand men into the tented field? By what token
and signal did they muster for the fierce arena of
civil conflict? By what strong appeal were they
aroused from their slumbers of peace, and induced
to exchange home and Us happiness for the dread
alarums of war? In what name was the citizen
transformed into the soldier? In what sign does
he propose to conquer? Sir, these are questions
pregnant with the fate of the future. The people
are asking them; the soldiers of our great Army
are asking them, in dismay  t the evil machina-
tions of abolitionists in and out of Congress.
Their answer is at hand, and embraced within
