1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
Laivs of the United States.
37th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
naval observatory.
For the purchase of nautical instruments, re-
pairs of the same, and of astronomical instru-
ments, and for the purchase of nautical books,
maps, and charts, and for backing and binding the
same, sixty thousand dollars.
For wages of instrument maker, watchman,
porter, and laborers; for keeping grounds in or-
der; for fuel, lights, freights, transportation, and
postage; for repairs to buildings and inclosures,
and contingent expenses, thirteen thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of four aids to be employed at the ob-
servatory and hydrographical office, four thou-
sand dollars.
For wages of watchmen, and contingent ex-
penses of the Naval Academy, twenty-two thou-
sand seven hundred and ninety-seven dollars.
For the pay of mileage of the visitors to the
Naval Academy, one thousand dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-five thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pay
of any captain in the Navy who shall, in pursu-
ance of law, perform duty as chief of a bureau in
the Navy Department, shall be the pay of a cap-
tain in the Navy " on other duty," to take effect
from the date of the "Act regulating the pay of
the Navy," approved June one, eighteen hundred
and sixty.
Sec. 3. And he it farther enacted, That the pay
of the clerks of the navy-yard and navy agency
at Mare Island shall be as follows, viz: one clerk
to navy agent, two thousand dollars per annum;
one clerk to navy agent, fifteen hundred dollars;
one clerk to the commandant, fifteen hundred dol-
lars; one clerk of the yard, fifteen hundred dollars;
one clerk to the paymaster and inspector of pro-
visions, and so forth, fifteen hundred dollars; one
clerk to the naval constructor, nine hundred dol-
lars; one clerk to the civil engineer, nine hundred
dollars, one draughtsman to civil engineer, twelve
hundred dollars; one steward to paymaster, seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
Sec. 4. Andbeitfurther enacted, That from and
after the first day of September, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, the spirit ration in the Navy of the
United States shall forever cease, and thereafter
no distilled spirituous liquors shall be admitted on
board of vessels-of-war except as medical stores,
and upon the order and under the control of the
medical officers of such vessels, and to be used
only for medical purposes. From and after the
said first day of September next there shall be
allowed and paid to each person in the Navy now
entitled to the spirit ration five cents per day in
commutation and lieu thereof, which shall be in
addition to their present pay.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the or-
ders, regulations, and instructions heretofore is-
sued by the Secretary of the Navy be, and they
are hereby, recognized as the regulations of the
Navy Department, subject, however, to such al-
terations as the Secretary of the Navy may adopt,
with the approbation of the President of the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the pay
of the secretary of a commander of a squadron
shall hereafter be fifteen hundred dollars a year
and one ration. . «
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That chaplains
in the Navy shall be no less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age at the time of
their appointment as such.
Sec. 8. And be il further enacted, That the Pres-
' ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to annually appoint ten acting mid-
shipmen for education at the Naval Academy,
who shall he selected from the sons of officers or
soldiers who distinguis[h]ed themselves in the
service of the United States, or from the sons of
officers or men in the naval or marine service of
the United States who have thus distinguished
themselves.
Sec . 9. And be it further enacted, That the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall be regarded for all the pur-
poses of appointment to the Naval Academy as a
congressional district, their appointment thereto
to be designated by the President of the United
States from residents of the District.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXV.—An Act for the relief of Preemp-
tors on the Home Reservation of the Winne-
bagoes, in the Blue-earth Region, in the State
of Minnesota.
Whereas certain individuals have memorialized
Congress, setting forth that they were bona fide
actual settlers, under the preemption laws of the
United States, in the tract of country known as
the eighteen-mile-square home reservation of the
Winnebagoes, in the blue-earth region, Minne-
sota, at a period of time when the Indian title had
been extinguished, and prior to the setting apart
by legal divisions of the said Indian home reser-
vation, under the second article of the treaty of
the twenty-seventh of February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, and that by reason of the setting
apart of said home reservation they were forced
from their settlements and subjected to loss and
damage by the destruction of thcirimprovements:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Aniericain Congress
assembled, That it shall and may be lawful for each
of such settlers, within three months from and
after the passage of this act, to file his declaratory
statement with the proper register and receiver,
descriptive of the tract so settled upon and im-
proved; and under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior, said
settler shall be permitted to establish his claim by
the production of testimony showing compliance
with all the requirements of the preemption law
up to the period when said settler was ousted by
reason of the premises falling within the aforesaid
Indian home reservation; that the testimony re-
quired under this act shall be the affidavit of the
claimant himself, taken before the register and
receiver, and shall show the date of the commence-
ment and the period of continuance of his improve-
ments, the extent of the same, size of his habita-
tion, the time and labor required in its construc-
tion, extent of other improvements, and the cost
to him and value of the same, and value of ciop
derived from the same. The affidavit to be cor-
roborated by disinterested testimony.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That upon the
return of such testimony to the Department, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
finally to adjudge the validity or invalidity of each
claim; and m regard to those shown to be bona
fide under the preemption law, to report a list of
the same, with all the testimony, to Congress,
stipulating such award as should be paid as.dam-
ages growing out of the loss and destruction of
such improvements, by reason of the appropria-
tion of such settlements to the Indian reservation,
as aforesaid: Provided, That the land officers of
the local land office herein mentioned shall not
receive any additional pay or fees for the services
hereby required of them.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXVI.—An Act to grant Pensions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That if any officer, non-commissioned
officer, musician, or private of the Army, includ-
ing regulars, volunteers, and militia, or any officer,
warrant, or petty officer, musician, seaman, ordi-
nary seaman, flotilla-man, marine, clerk, lands-
man, pilot, or other person in the Navy or marine
corps, has been, since the fourth day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or shall hereafter
be, disabled by reason of any wound received or
disease contracted while in the service of the Uni-
ted States, and in the line of duty, he shall, upon
making due proof of the fact according to such
forms and regulations as are or may be provided
by or in pursuance of law, be placed upon the list
of invalid pensions of the United States, and be
entitled to receive, for the highest rate of disabil-
ity, such pension as is hereinafter provided in such
cases, and for an inferior disability an amount pro-
portionate to the highest disability, to commence
as hereinafter provided, and continue during the
existence of such disability. The pension for a
total disability for officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates employed in the
military service of the United States, whether reg-
ulars, volunteers, or militia, and in the marine
corps, shall be as follows, viz: lieutenant-colonel,
and all officers of a higher rank, thirty dollars per
month; major, twenty-five dollars permonth; cap-
tain, twenjy dollars per month; first lieutenant,
seventeen dollars per month; second lieutenant,
fifteen dollars per month; and non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, eight dollars per
month. The pension for total disability for offi-
cers, warrant, or petty officers, and others em-
ployed in the naval service of the United States,
shall be as follows, viz: captain, commander, sur-
geon, paymaster, and chief engineer, respectively,
ranking with commander by law, lieutenant com-
manding, and master commanding, thirty dollars
per month; lieutenant, surgeon, paymaster, and
chief engineer, respectively, ranking with lieuten-
ant by law, and passed assistant surgeon, twenty-
five dollars per month; professor of mathematics,
master, assistant surgeon, assistant paymaster,
and chaplain, twenty dollars per month: fust as-
sistant engineers and pilots, fifteen dollars per
month; passed midshipman, midshipman, cap-
tains' and paymasters' clerk, second and third as-
sistant engineer, masters' mate, and all warrant
officers, ten dollars per month; all petty officers,
and all other persons before named employed in
the naval service, eight dollars per month; and all
commissioned officers, of either service, shall re-
ceive such and only such pension as is heiein
provided for the rank in which they hold com-
missions.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any
officer or other person named in the first section of
this act has died since the fourth day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, or shall here-
after die, by reason of any wound received or dis-
ease contracted while in the service of the United
States, and in the line of duty, his widow, or, if
there be no widow, his child or children under
sixteen years of age, shall bo entitled to receive
the same pension as the husband or father would
have been entitled to had lie been totally disabled,
to commence from the death of the husband or
father, and to continue to the widow during her
widowhood, or to the child or children until they
severally attain to the age of sixteen years, and
no longer.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That where
any officer or other person named in the fust sec-
tion of this actshall have died subsequently to the
fourth day of March .eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, or shall hereafter die, by reason of any wound
received or disease contracted while in the service
of the United States, and iiv the line of duty, and
has not left or shall not leave a widow nor legit-
imate child, but has left or shall leave a mother
who was dependent upon him for support, in
whole or in part, the mother shall be entitled to
receive the same pension as such officer or other
person would have been entitled to had he been
totally disabled; which pension shall commence
from the death of the officer or other person dying
as aforesaid: Provided, however, That if such
mother shall herself be in receipt of a pension as
a widow, in virtue of the provisions of the second
section of this act, in that case no pension or al-
lowance shall be granted to her on account of her
son, unless she gives up the other pension or al-
lowance: And provided further, That the pension
given to a molher on account of her son shall
terminate on her remarriage: And provided fur-
ther, That nothing herein shall be so construed
as to entitle the mother of an officer or other per-
son dying, as aforesaid, to more than one pension
at the same time under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That where
any officer or other person named in the first sec-
tion of this act shall have died subsequently to the
fourth day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, or shall hereafter die, by reason of any wound
received or disease contracted while in the service
of the United States, and in the line of duty, and
has not left or shall not leave a widow, nor legit-
imate child, nor mother, but has left or may leave
an orphan sister or sisters, under sixteen years
of age, who were dependent upon him for sup-
port, in whole or in part, such sister or sisters
shall be entitled to receive the same pension as
such officer or other person would have been en-
titled to had he been totally disabled; which pen-
sion to said orphan shall commence from the
death of the officer or other person dying, as afore-
said, and shall continue to the said orphans until
