904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
«/ /
records which will not perish. A few short and
eventful months ago the authorities of the Gov-
ernment called for an army more vast than Caesar
or Napoleon ever commanded on the field of bat-
tle. Such a movement had to be sanctioned by
a cause equal in its importance. The cause, as
asserted, was one to which no true American
could turn a deaf ear. The maintenance of the
Constitution, the restoration of the Union, and the
enforcement of the laws were proclaimed as the
lofty purposes for which the tread of armed men
shook the continent. To a people proud of their
Government, and supremely blest under its benig-
nant workings, such an appeal was irresistible.
With it was mingled' none of the heresies which
are now the watchwords of a powerful party on
this floor.
Let us turn and look back briefly on some in-
cidents of but recent occurrence, but which seem
already to be fading from the recollections of men.
On the 4th day'of March last, in the presence of
his listening and wondering countrymen, and in
the presence of his oath to support the Constitu-
tion, the President of the United States held the
following language:
" I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery m the States where it exists.
I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no in-
clination to do so."
This position was assumed at a time when every
word spoken by the new Executive was carefully
weighed by an anxious country; and when in a
brief space afterwards the nation was convulsed
by actual conflict, this definition of his constitu-
tional power over the subject of slavery was re-
membered and trusted by a patriotic people. They
saw in ita solemn pledge,given in the most delib-
erate manner, and under circumstances the most
imposing, that their energies were not to be called
upon by this Administration to overthrow the laws
and the guarantees of the Constitution. But the
President did not stop there. He went further on
that occasion, and used language on the subject
of the fugitive slave law, and our duties under it,
which gave hope to the friends of law and order,
but which, I fear, will scarcely be considered now
as the utterances of a loyal man by the zealous
gentlemen on the opposite side of the Chamber.
He spoke on that subject, as follows:
•' There i  much controversy about the delivering up of
fugitives from -service or labor. The clausc 1 now read is
as plainly written in the Constitution an any other of in
provisions: * No person held to service or labor in one State
under thy lawa thereof escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation theiein, be discharged lroiu
such service or labor, but •shah he delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may bedue.' It is
scarcely questionable that this provision was intended by
those who made it lor the reclaiming of what we call fugi-
tive slaves; and the intention of the lawgiver is? the law.
All members of Congress swear theii support to the whole
Constitution, to this provision as much as any other. To the
proposition, then, that slaves whose cases come within the
terma of this clause shall be delivered up their onths aie
unanimous."
How strange all this sounds here now, and in
what startling contrast with the principles daily
announced by thegreat leaders of that party which
made Mr. Lincoln President! No power to touch
the institution of slavery in the States, and a faith-
ful enforcement of the fugitive slave law ! Eleven
months ago such was the doctrine proclaimed on
the eastern steps of this Capitol by the President.
Such the honest,confitlingpeople believed it would
continue to be when they threw aside the imple-
ments of peaceful industry, and resorted to the
sword.
But these positions of the President are now
repudiated, because, as it is asserted, they were
assumed under circumstances far different from
those which exist at present. The shortest an-
swer to this feeble excuse for a flagrant violation
of the Constitution exists in the following extract
from the message of the President of July 4 to
the extra session of Congress:
"Le t there be some uneasiness in the minds of candid
men as to what is to be the course ot the Government to-
waids the southern States after the rebellion shall have
been suppiesscd, the Executive deems it proper to say it
will be his puipose then, as ever, to be guided by the Con-
stitution and the laws ; and that he will probably have no
dilieient understanding of the powers and duties of the
Fedeial Government relatively to the rights of the States
and the people under the Constitution than that expressed
in the inaugural address."
Thus was the pledge which was made in the in-
augural address, on the 4th of March, renewed
in explicit terms on the 4th of July. The fires of
civil war which were smoldering and hid in March ;
were leaping up to the very heavens in July. The
rebellion which in March looked like a distant
speck had spread until it darkened half the sky by
midsummer. Its boundaries were as large then as
now, and its flag was floating in defiance in sight of
the presidential mansion. Battles had been fought,
lives lost, property destroyed, treasures plun-
dered, forts taken, the flag lorn and dishonored,
and the authority of the Government driven out
ofeleven States of the Union with insult and scorn.
Yet, in the face of all this, with the full propor-
tions of this great rebellion in clear view, the Presi-
dent reasserted the policy of the inaugural; and in
doing so, again announced that he neither had the
power nor the inclination to interfere with slavery
m the States where it exists, and that the fugitive
slave law must be enforced and obeyed.
Sir, where then was the indignant thunder
which ha« shook this Hall during the present ses-
sion? In what cave were the winds then impris-
oned? What enchantment chained the fiery zeal
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. El-
iot?] What prudential considerations induced
the veteran leader from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] to nurse his wrath, and keep it warm for a
future day ? Where was the able gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingiiam,] who now champions the
cause of abolitionism so warmly and so gallantly ?
And even the voice of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] who, like the war horse
of the Scriptures, is eager for the battle, where
the negro is involved, was silent. Ay, sir, they
were silent then, and silent all. The day and the
hour had not yet arrived to throw off the disguise
which was assumed to hide the purposes which
are now avowed. Soldiers were yet rushing to
the field. The great Army was not yet complete.
The music of the Union yet resounded through
the land, unmarred by the discordant cry of aboli-
tionism. Theic weiu no speeches then in favor
of universal emancipation, servile insurrections,
the destruction of State governments, and their
reduction to the condition of Territories. Far
otherwise.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me; I was not altogether silent during the special
session upon that subject.
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly not; but the gen-
tleman will hardly assert that his voice was heard
as it has been during the present session.
Mi*. BINGHAM. No, sir; but I did some-
thing better than speaking. I reported a bill
which passed this House, and which, in my judg-
ment, give.s freedom to Ave hundred thousand
slaves.
Mr. VOORHEES. But the gentleman did not
extend his proposition then to the liberation of
the whole four millions of slavesof the South. Yet
he has proclaimed that to be the true policy of
the Government during the present session on
this floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course not; but it did go,
in my judgment, to the extent of Ave hundred
thousand slaves.
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, sir; 1ns proposition
at the extra session, he thinks, would liberate
only about five hundred thousand slaves; but m
his speech on the 15th of January, of the present
session, he asserts it to be the duty of the Gov-
ernment to declare free the whole four millions
of slaves held in the South. But, sir, to pro-
ceed.
I have thus shown the faith which the highest
officer in the Government plighted with the people
on this subject. There I might rest, and call upon
him m the name of the people to frown upon the
efforts which his political partisan friends are
making here to causethat faith to be broken. But
there are others of eminent position, and in whom
the people have their highest hopes and interests
confided, who gave public assurances in the early
stages of this war of the manner in which it should
be conducted with regard to slavery, to which I
desire to call the attention of the House and
country.
On the 26th day of May, at Cincinnati, General
George B. McCleilan,then a name comparatively
unknown, now filling the civilized world where
ever the story of our great calamity has pene-
trated, issued his proclamation to the Union men
of Western Virginia. With it as Ins forerunner,
he crossed the Ohm river with ten thousand sons
of the Great West, and planted his banner on the
soil of a slave State. Was his mission to <c pro-
claim liberty throughout all the land to all the in-
habitants thereof," accoiding io the stereotyped
war cry now on this floor? Did his soldiers, brave
and honest men, feel, according to the speech of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi^ Ste-
vens,] that the cause in which they had shoul-
dered their muskets would not enable them to con-
tend successfully with the rebel forces unless their
march became a crusade for the freedom of the
slave? No, sir, nothing of this. The general
commanding held the following language on the
manner in which his campaign was to be con-
ducted:
" Notwithstanding all that has been said by the traitors
to induce you to believe that onr advent among you will be
signalized by interference with youi slaves, understand one
thing cleaily. not only will we abstain from all such inter-
ference, but we will, on the contrary, with an iron hand,
crush any attempt at insurrection on their pan."
I remember well how this proclamation of the
young western general rang through the country,
its terms suited the law-abiding people of the
mighty Northwest. It filled them with bright an-
ticipations of his future, which I hope may all be
fulfilled. They took this proclamation as a pledge,
sanctioned, too, by the Executive, that the arms
of the Government were to be used to maintain
all the laws, State and Federal, throughout the
nation. It was worth, sir, to the lecruiting ser-
vice a hundred thousand men in the valley of the
Mississippi.
SI know not how it was received away up towards
the north star, in the cold latitude of New England,
where the abolition of slavery is an object of far
dearer and higher import than the reconstruction
of the Union on the basis of the Constitution. But
at least no cry of horror arose from that virtuous
region then,no explosive protest burst from Puri-
tan lips. Their hour had not been reached, the
fullness of time had not come, the ranks of the
Army were not full, and they waited—yes, sir,
they waitedf. But is the pledge which was given
to the true friends of the Constitution and the
Union by the commanding general of the armies
of the United States on the banks of the Ohio, to
be broken on the banks of the Potomac ? He has
since then drawn his sword in a new and higher
field; lie has stepped upon a theater, with the world
for hisaudicncc; he walks upon the dizzy heights
of human greatness, so far as official station can
bestow it; the field of fame lies open before him,
in which to win a name that will never perish, to
become one of the immortal few who cannot die;
but no change of circumstances or of fortune can
release him, in the minds of an honest and confid-
ing people,from the obligations which he assumed
when he opened hiscareerbytheinvasion of West-
ern Virginia. They call upon him now, as he
* promised then, to abstain from all interference with
the institution of slavery, and with an iron hand
to crush any attempt at servile insurrection.
But, sir, I sh«jll proceed with the testimony.
The record of the first ninety days of this war is
filled with it. No sound was then hcaid above
the roar of the conflict, save the Union, the Con-
stitution, and the enforcement of all the laws.
The ear of the new recruit drank in its sweet
strains as he left his home to join in " battle's
magnificently stern array." The poisonous ma-
laria of abolitionism had not then, as now, tainted
every gale which swept from this Capitol. Even
Massachusetts furnished a high order of evidence
to the country that this war was to be conducted
within thclimifeof the Constitution, and that the
States of the South were to be protected in the
enjoyment of their domestic institutions.
On the 9th day of May, from his headquarters
at Annapolis, in the slave State of Maryland, Gen-
eral Benjamin P. Butler spoke as follows, in a let-
ter to Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, on
the subject of his duty in his military capacity to-
wards the institution of slavery. I commend it to
! the consideration of the gentleman from Massa-
[ chusetts [Mr. Eliot] who introduced the reso-
j lutions now under discussion:
" On the morning following my landing, I was informed
that the city of Annapolis arid environs were in danger fiom
an insurrection of the slave population, jn defiance of the
laws of the State. What was i to do? I had promised to
put down a wiiite mob, and to preserve and enforce the laws
against that. Ought ! to aliow a black one any piefeienct#
in a breach of the laws? 1 understood that T was armed
against all infractions of the laws, whether by white or
black, and upon that understanding I acted, certainly with
promptness and efficiency."
