1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Laios of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Skss.
shall be deemed guilty of the same offense men-
tioned in the act hereby amended, and upon con-
viction before any justice of the peace as afore-
said, shall be punished in the manner prescribed
by this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son convicted under the provisions of this act,
and the act hereby amended, shall forfeit his li-
cense to sell spirituous liquor, and intoxicating
drink; and any license thereafter granted to any
such person during the continuance of the exist-
ing rebellion shall be void.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all fines
collected under the provisions of this act, and the
act hereby amended, shall be paid to the levy
court of Washington county, in the District of
Columbia, for the use of said court.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act to further provide for
the Collection of the Revenue upon the North-
ern, Northeastern, and Northwestern Frontier,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That from and after the first day of Oc-
tober next, the master or manager of every vessel
which is enrolled or licensed for carrying on the
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of the United States shall,
before the departure of his vessel from any port,
file a manifest of his cargo with the collector and
obtain a cleaiance; and if said vessel shall touch
at any of the ports of the United States, and there
receive on board any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, or discharge any portion of her cargo, the
master or manager shall report to the collector
such arrival and produce his manifest, and it shall
be the duty of the collector to indorse thereon,
certified by himself, a description of the goods,
wares, or merchandise so taken on board or un-
laden, and return the same to the master or man-
ager, who shall deliver to the collector of the port
at which the unlading of the cargo is completed,
the manifest to be placed on file in his office. And
the owner or owners of every vessel whose mas-
ter or manager shall neglect to comply with the
provisions of this section, shall forfeit and pay to
the United States the sum of twenty dollars for
each and every offense, one half for the use of the
informer, and for which sum the vessel shall be
liable, and may be seized and proceeded against
summarily by way of libel in any district court
of the United States having jurisdiction of the
offense.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That collect-
ors and surveyors of the collection districts on
the said frontiers are authorized to keep on sale,
at their several offices, blank manifests and clear-
ances required for the business of their districts,
and to charge the sum of ten cents and no more
for each blank which shall bo prepared and ex-
ecuted by them.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnaclcd, That goods
imported under the reciprocity treaty with Great
Britain may be entered at any port on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, upon satisfactory evidence be-
ing given to the collector*^ the port where such
goods.are offered for entry, that they are of the
growth or production of Canada, without the con-
sular certificate now required.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That for every
entry of goods at any custom-house on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, a fee of forty cents shall be
charged by the collector, and accounted for to the
Government.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, I hat the feec-
rctary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized in all cases where ports may be opened
within the limits of insurrectionary States, during
the existing rebellion, to appoint special agents
to perform the functions of the ordinary officers
subordinate to the Treasury Department at such
ports: Provided, That the compensation to be al-
lowed such temporary officers shall not exceed
that paid to permanent officers of the same P"sl"
tion during the year eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, nor exceed the compensation ordinarily
allowed to such official agents.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXX.—An Act in relation to the Elec-
tion of Representatives to Congress by single
Districts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of American Congress
assembled, That in each State entitled in the next
and any succecding Congress to more than one
Representative, the number to which such State
is or may be hereafter entitled shall be elected by
districts composed of contiguous territory, equal
in number to the number of Representatives to
which said State may be entitled in the Congress
for which said election is held, no one district
electing more than one Representative: Provided,
That the provisions of this act shall not apply to
the State of California so far as it may affect the
election of Representatives to the Thirty-Eighth
Congress: And provided further, That in the elec-
tion of Representatives to the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress from the State of Illinois, the additional
Representative allowed to said State by an act en-
titled "An act fixing the number of the House of
Representatives from and after the third day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ap-
proved March fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, may be elected by the State at large, and tire
other thirteen Representatives to which the State
is entitled by the districts as now prescribed by
law in said State, unless the Legislature of said
State should otherwise provide before the time
fixed by law for the election of Representatives
therein.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act to establish additional
Post Roads.
•Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
post roads:
california.
From Carson, Nnvada Territory, to Aurora,
California.
From lone City, via Lancha Plana, Poverty
Ear, Jenny Lind, Brushville, Salt Spring Valley,
Copperopolis, O'Byen's Ferry, and Jefferson, to
Sonora.
delaware.
From Town send, via Black Bird, to Deakynes-
ville.
massachusetts.
From Hancock to Lanesborough.
indiana. .
From Grand view, via Newton ville, BufFaloville,
Santa Claus, and Morgan Hill, to Ferdinand.
From Madison, viaBrooksburg and Braytown,
to Mount Stirling, and thence via Howe and Man-
nible to Madison.
From Freedom, in Owen county in Indiana, by
way of Arney, intersecting the present established
route at Hauserville.
From Harrison, Ohio, to Mount Carmel, In-
diana.
From Ogden to Rushville.
From Sullivan, via Merom, Indiana, and Pal-
estine, Illinois, to Robinson, Illinois.
From New Point, (Rossburgh Post Office,) via
Saint Maurice, to Clarksburgh.
From Waterloo City to Angola.
From Bremen, via Hepton and Millward, to
Leesburgh.
illinois.
From Metamora, via Low Point and Wash-
burn, to Lacon.
From Toulon, viaElmira,Osceola,andNepon-
set, to Sheffield.
From Shelbyville, via Holland, Accommoda-
tion, and Mowkinson, to Freemanton.
maine.
From Wilton to Weld.
michigan.
From Frankfort, via Benzonia, to Traverse
City.
From Ionia to Stanton.
From Middleville to Wayland.
From Miles,via Berrien Cen tre, Berrien Springs,
Eau Claire, Pipestone, and Sodus, to Saint Jo-
seph.
From Des Moines, Polk county, to Dalmanu-
tha, Guthrie county.
From Decatur City, via Terre Houte. Decatur
county, to Eagleville, Harrison county, Missouri.
missouri.
From Perryville, viaBrihle's Store and Stam-
er's Mill, to Greene.
From the old depot of the North Missouri Rail-
roadCompany, in First street, Saint Louis, via the
railroad track, through blocks two hundred and
thirty-four and two hundred and thirty-three, and
along Lewis street, as the railroad has been located
by the Government of the United States, thence
through block two hundred and twenty-seven,to
Front or Levee street, and along said track laid
on said street to the depots, respectively, of the
Pacific and Iron Mountain railroads.
maryland.
From Fallston to Pleasantville.
From Berkleyville to Hempstead.
new hampshire.
From Union, via Wakefield,North Wakefield,
Wolfborough, Ossipee, Ossipee Centre, and Ef-
fingham Falls, to Freedom.
From Greenfield, via Bennington, to Antrim.
new tore.
From Bloomingdale to Brighton.
ohio.
From Cherry "Valley, via West Andover and
Andovcr, Ohio, to Espyville, Pennsylvania.
From Cold Water to New Bremen.
pennsylvania.
From Barnsville to Mahonoy City. •
From Pine Grove, via Friedensburg, to Schuyl-
kill Haven.
From Easton, via Martin's Creek, Boston,and
Mount Bethel, to Dill's Ferry.
From Miltenberger's, via Philip Kresge's to
Tannersville.
From Moscow, via Slote's Corners, Dalesville,
and Springbrook, to Pittston.
From Centreville, via Bovard's Mills, to An-
nandale.
From Warfordsburg, via Mount Airy,Emma-
ville, and Cherry Grove, to Bloody Run.
From Brickervilte, via Eberly's Store and Lin-
coln, to Ephrata, Lancaster county.
vermont.
From Barton Landing, via Coventry and Salem,
to Newport.
From Chelsey to Williamstown.
colorado.
From Denver, via Burlington and Laporte, to
Fort Laramie.
From Cache Creek, via Pencha Pass, to Cone-
jos.
From Colorado City to Russellvijle.
From Pueblo, via Huerfano to Trinidad, on the
Purgatorie.
From Cannon City, via the Arkansas Route
and Pass, to Camp Crittenden, in Utah Territory.
washington.
From Walla-Walla to Fort Colville.
From Vancouver City to Walla-Walla.
From Fort Madison, via Muckeltre Atsalada,
to Coveland.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act concerning the Courts
of the United States in and for the District of
Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americ^ in Congress
assembled, That in addition to the courts now pro-
vided by law to be held in the district of Michi-
gan, a general term of the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for said district of Michigan shall be
held annually at the court room in the city of De-
troiton the second Monday of February, and that
all writs, bills,pleas,suits,appeals,recognizances,
indictments, and all other proceedings, civil and
criminal, shall be proceeded with at said term in
like manner as now at the June and October terms
of said court.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
