408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 16,
37th Cong....2qSess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CLXXIII.—An Act to extend the Terri-
torial Limits of the Territory of Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of fypre-
sentatipes of the United States of America in Congress
assembly, That all that part of the territory of the
United States included in the following' limits,
namely: beginning at the point of intersection of
the forty-second degree of north latitude with the
thirty-eighth degree oflongitude westfrom Wash-
ington; thenice running south on the said thirty-
eighth degree of west longitude until it intersects
the northern boundary line ofNew Mexico; thence
due west to the thirty-ninth degree of longitude
west from Washington-, thence with said thirty-
ninth degree north to the intersection of said forty-
secon3 degree of north latitude; thence east With
said forty-second degree of north latitude to the
place of beginning, be, and the same is hereby,
attached to and made a- part of the Territory of
Nevada, subject to the limitations, restrictions,
and provisions of the act organizing the Territory
of Nevada.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Act for changing the Place
for holding the September Term-of the District
Court of the United States in the District of
Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the district court of the United
States now held at Wiscasset, in the district of
Maine, on the firstTucsday of September of each
year, be hereafter held at Bath, in said district, on
the same day in each year.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all indict-
ments, suits, informations, actions, proceedings,
and recognizances of every kind, whether civil or
criminal, shall have day in couit, and be proceeded
in, heard, tried, and determined in Bath, in the
same manner and on the same day they might be
in Wiscasset aforesaid.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. C I .X X V.—An Act repealing the Law re-
quiring Bonds of Paymasters and Assistant
Paymasters to be approved by the Judge or
' Attorney of the District in which such Pay-
master or Assistant Paymaster shall reside.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the law requiring the official bond
ofa paymaster or assistant paymaster in the Navy
to be approved by the judge or attorney of the
United States for the district in which such pay-
master or assistant paymaster shall reside, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed, and such bond shall
be deemed and taken to be satisfactory and suf-
ficient whenever the Secretary of the Navy shall
be satisfied on such evidence as he shall consider
proper, that such bond ought to be approved and
accepted.
Approved, July 14, 1862.
Chap. CLXXVII.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to accept the Title to League
Island, ia the Delaware River, for Naval Pur-
poses.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assenibled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he is hereby, authorized to receive and accept fiom
the city authorities of the city of Philadelphia the
title to League Island, in the Delaware river, to-
gether with the'marsh east of, and adjacent thereto,
within the First ward of the said city of Philadel-
phia, together with all riparian rights and privi-
leges thereunto belonging and appertaining, to be
used for naval purposes by the Government of the
United States: Provided, That said title shall not
be accepted and received unless the same shallbe
perfect and indefeasible to the whole island to low
water mark; nor, if upon more thorough examin-
ation and survey of the premises by a competent
board of officers to be by him appointed, he shall
discover that the public interests will not be pro-
moted by acquiring the title as aforesaid.
Sec . 2. And be it further enacted, That the board
of officers to be appointed by theSecretary of the
Navy, according to the provisions of the first sec-
tion of this act, shall, before proceeding to any
decision of the question hereinbefore referred to
them, make a survey and examination of the har-
bor of New London, Connecticut, and its sur-
roundings, with reference to its capacity and fit-
ness for a naval depot and navy yard, and whether
the public interests will nqt be promoted by estab-
lishing a naval depot and navy yard in or near
said harbor of New London instead of League
Island; and that they also make the same investi-
gation in regard to the waters of Narragansett Bay.
Approved, July 15, 1862.
Chap. CLXXVIII —An Act to amend the Act of
the third ofMarch, 1837, entitled " An Act sup-
plementary to the Act entitled ' An act to amend
the Judicial system of the United States.' "
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That hereafter the districts of Mary-
land, Delaware, Virginia, and North Carolina
shall constitute the fourth circuit; the districts of
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,
and Florida, shall constitute the fifth circuit; the
districts of Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Ken-
tucky, and Tennessee, shall constitute the sixth
circuit; the districts of Ohio and Indiana shall con-
stitute the seventh circuit; the districts of Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, and Illinois shall constitute the
eighth circuit; and the districts of Missouri, Iowa,
Kansas, and Minnesota, shall constitute the ninth
circuit; and the circuit courts in the districts here-
tofore included within any circuit of the United
States, which by this act are attached to a differ-
ent circuit, shall be held at the same times and
places as are now prescribed by law, and the cir-
cuit courts in districts which by this act are for
the first time attached to circuits shall be held at
the same times and places as are now prescribed
by law for holding the district courts in said dis-
tricts, except in the district of Iowa, in which the
circuit court shall be holden at the capital of the
State on the second Tuesday in May and Novem-
ber of each year, at which times and place terms
of the district court shall be holden: Provided, This
act shall notinterfere with the terms of said district
court now provided by law for said district. The
allotment of their chief justice and the associate
justices of the said supreme court to the several
circuits shall be made as heretofore.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much
of any act or acts of Congress as vests in the dis-
trict courts of the United States for the districts
of Texas, Florida, Wisconsin,Minnesota, Iowa,
and Kansas, or either of them, the power and
jurisdiction of circuit courts be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; and there shall hereafter be cir-
cuit courts held for said districts by the chief or
associate justices of the Supreme Court, assigned
or allotted to the circuit to which said districts
may respectively belong, and the district judges
of such districts, severally and respectively, either
of whom shall constitute a quorum; which circuit
courts, and thejudges thereof,shall havelike pow-
ers and exercise like jurisdiction as other circuit
courts and the judges thereof; and the said district
courts, and the judges thereof, shall have like
powers and exercise like jurisdiction as the district
courts, and thejudges thereof in the other circuits.
Sec.3. And be it further enacted, Thatall actions
suits, prosecutions, causes, pleas, process, and
other proceedings, relative to any cause, civil or
criminal, (which might have been brought and
could have been originally cognizable in a circuit
court,) now pending in,or returnable to the sev-
eral district courts of Texas, Florida, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas, acting as circuit
courts, (or so empowered to act,) on the first day
of October next, shall be, and are hereby, declared
to be, respectively, transferred, returnable, and
continued to the several circuit courts constituted
by this act, to be holden within the said districts,
respectively,and shall be heard, tried,and determ-
ined therein, in the same manner as if originally
brought, entered, prosecuted, or had in such cir-
cuit courts. And the said circuit courts shall be
governed by the same laws and regulations as
apply to the other circuit courts of the United
States; and the clerks of the said courts, respect-
ively, shall perform the same duties, and shall be
entitled to receive the same fees and emoluments
which are by law established for the clerks of the
other circuit courts of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and provisions inconsistent with this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 15, 1862.
Chap. CLXXIX.—An Act to extend the provis-
ions of the Act of August four, eighteen hun-
" dred and fifty-two, entitled "An Act to grant
the Right of Way to all Rail and Plank Roads,
&c.," for the term of five years, and to amend
the same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the act entitled
" An act to grant the right of way taall rail and
plank roads, and macadamized turnpikes passing
through the public lands belonging to the United
States,"approved ^.ugustfour,eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, and of the act extending the same
to all of the public lands of the United States,
approved March three, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, be, and the same are hereby, extended
for the term of five years from the fourth day of
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the right
of wayforarailroad throughthepubliclandsof the
United States lying in Wasco county, in the State
of Oregon, be, and the same is hereby, granted to
the Oregon Steam Navigation Company.
Approved, July 15, 1862.
Chap. CLXXX.—An Act to prevent Members
of Congress and Officers of the Government of
the United States from taking consideration
for procuring Contracts, Office, or Place, from
the United States, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any member of Congress or any
officer of the Government of the United States
who shall, directly or indirectly, take, receive,
or agree to receive, any money, property, or other
valuable consideration whatsoever, from any per-
son or persons for procuring, or aiding to pro-
cure, any contract, office, or place, from the Gov-
ernment of the United States or any department
thereof, or from any officer of the United States,
for any person or persons whatsoever, or for giv-
ing any such contract, office, or place to any per-
son whomsoever, and the person or persons who
shall directly or indirectly offer or agree to give,
or give or bestow any money, property, or other
valuable consideration whatsoever, for the pro-
curing or aiding to procure any contract, office,
or place, at aforesaid, and any member of Con-
gress who shall directly or indirectly take, re-
ceive, or agree to receive any money, property,
or other valuable consideration whatsoever after
his election as such member, for his attention to,
services, action, vote, or decision on any ques-
tion, matter, cause, or proceeding which may
then be pending, and may by law or under the
Constitution of the United States be brought be-
fore him in his official capacity, or in his place of
trust and profit as such member of Congress,
shall, for every such offense, be liable to indict-
ment as for a misdemeanor in any court of the
United States having jurisdiction thereof, and on
conviction thereof shall pay a fine of not exceed-
ing ten thousand dollars, and suffer imprison-
ment in the penitentiary not exceeding two years,
at the discretion of the court trying the same; and
any such contract or agreement, as aforesaid,
may, at the option of the President of the United
States,be absolutely null and void; and any mem-
ber of Congress or officer of the United States con-
victed, as aforesaid, shall, moreover, be disquali-
fied from holding any office of honor, profit, or
trust under the Government of the United States.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Cuap. CLXXXI.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled " An Act to create a Metropolitan Police
District of the District of Columbia, and to
establish a Police therefor," approved August
six, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled " An act to create
