906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
unnatural strife. I am fully aware that a result
must be attained now on the battle-field. There
was a time when it was not so, and history will
embalm in everlasting infamy the names of those
who rejected peace—who rejected union when
both were offered on honorable terms. I leave the
past, however, at least for to-day, and deal with
the present. Let the armies move on* and bring
a speedy issue to this war of " kindred and coun-
trymen;" but let them move in the name of the
Constitution; in the name of the laws; in the name
of the Union, composed of " equal and honored
members;" in the name of God; and guided by
the precepts of an enlightened Christianity .
I am not done yet, however, Mr. Chairman,
with the recorded pledges of the Government.
They exist on every leaf and page of the history
of the first three months of this war. They are
strewed on every hand during that period, and
leave the laborer in that field only the difficulty of
selection, not that of discovery. Sir, when that
dear and honored State, Kentucky, where my an-
cestors were bom, where they fought, where they
died, and where their ashes repose, was trembling
in the balance; when her fate from day to day was
unknown; when the ties of blood and kindred and
similarity of domestic institutions and interests
pulled hard against the strong anchor of her fidel-
ity to the Union, and when she poised herself upon
her pioud neutrality between the North and the
South, one of her most eloquent and gifted sons
spoke to her on behalf of the present Administra-
tion in language which Kentuckians trusted, which
they received as an Executive promise, and on the
faith of which thousands of her troops arc now in
the field.
On the 31st day of May, 1861, Joseph Holt
wrote his celebrated letter to Mr. Speed, which
rang through the country like a clarion. In it he
said:
C{ No excesses will mailc the footsteps of the troops of the
Republic; no institutions ot the State* will be invaded or
tampered with; no lights of persons or piopeity will be
violated. The known putpo-ed ol the Aihnmistuuion, and
the high chniactor of the uoopj employed, alike guaiunty
tiie. tiuthlulness ot Una stateuu nt."
Not content, however, with this most explicit
and most satisfactory assurance that the rights
of the States were to be respected, Mr. Holt pro-
ceeded to convince Kentucky that her rights in
the Tern tones were also amply secured, and would
be carefully guarded by this Administration. He
discussed that point as follows:
u The Supreme Com t has decided that the citizens of the
slave Sttuesean,at will,take [heir««la\<'s uiio all iheTeiti-
toru'S of the United Stales; and this decision, which lias
never been te  sted or mtert'eied with in a single case, is
the law of the land, and the whole power of the Govern-
ment is pledged \<> enforce it. That it will be loyally en-
fotoed by the ptcM-nr AilmniiMiatiou 1 entertain no doubt.
A Republican Oongn">y,at the huesc-sion,organized thiee
new Tern tone:-, ami in the oigani'' law of iicithei w.imIicic
intioduced, or attempted to be mtioducrd, the slightest ic-
stilcnon upon the light of the -outheui emigrant to bring
his slaves with him. At this moment, theietoie, and 1 state
it without ijuahlieaiioi), time j.-> not a Teiuioiy belonging
to the (Tinted St.ue& into which the southern people may
noi nitioduce then s.laveb atple.isine, and enjoy then com-
plete piotcetion.1'
It is no part of my purpose, at this time, to de-
teimmo whether Mr. iioU. construed the decision
of the Supreme Court correctly or not. lie is a
very emincntand learned lawyer, and his opinion
is entitled to gteat respect. But I simply now
make him my authority to show the principles
and the policy to which he pledged the Adminis-
tration before the country m us conduct of the
war and us treatment of the question of slavery.
Sumter had fallen. The nation was arming. Sol-
diers weie wanted. Kentucky was to be saved,
and language like tins was more potent with the
loveis of the Constitution and the friends of the
old Union, than all the bounty land or monthly
pay which the Government had with which to
enlist ivciuitfj. Thcic it. stands, and there it will
stand foiever, to the honor of him who wrote it,
and to the eternal shame and disgrace of those
who shall turn their backs upon its teachings and
render fa ise and deceptive its deliberate and solemn
promises. 1 do not assume to speak for the affairs
of Kentucky, she does not need my humble voice
on this floor. Her own experienced and eloquent
Representatives are here to speak for her. But
this I may bo allowed,as her neighbor and friend
and lineal offspring, to say, that if the pledge that
has been given to her on the subject of her dpmes-
tic institutions is now to be broken, and the abo-
lition of slavery declared, the treachery involved
in the act will be so dark, the fraud so monstrous,
that it will pollute every succeeding page of Amer-
ican history, and crimson the cheeks of our chil-
dren with shame as they read it.
Sir, one more name 1 will add. It belongs now
to the dead. It is a name which will live long in
American history. I oppose it to the mad fanati-
cism which reigns in this Hall, and by and in its
authority denounce the wicked purposes of abo-
litionism. I read from the last speech of the great
popular, tribune, Stephen A. Douglas:
" We must not invade constitutional rights. The inno-
cent must not suffer, nor women and chtldicn be the vic-
tims. Savages must not be let loose.5'
How pregnant and full of meaning are these
three short sentences. The Constitution must be
maintained at all hazards, and the rights of the
South u-nder it must not be invaded. " Savages
must not be let loose." This was spoken in June.
The full measure of the rebellion was before him,
yet almost with his dying words he spoke for the
preservation of the constitutional rights of the
States; and as if with prophetic eye foreseeing the
evil designs which were then cherished in secret,
he lifted up his voice in behalf of the innocent—
the women and the children of the South—and
warned his countrymen against abolitionism in
that short but powerful sentence, u Savages must
not be let loose." Sir, there was a magnetic power
in his voice while living; and though he sleeps
now from the warfare of life, and shall awake no
more, yet from the dread precincts of the grave
is still ringing over all the land, in the tones of a
monarch among men, his lofty and solemn in-
junctions that the Constitution, as it was then,
must so remain for the North, for the South, and
for all future time. This injunction may now be
despised and discarded in this Hall by those who
so recently for the first time have taken his name
upon their lips to piaise. They may reject and
spurn it, as they do, and as they will; but when
that is done, the cries of a deceived, an indignant,
and an outraged people will arise from the plains
of the Northwest, and from all sections of the
country, like the mighty sound of lushing waters,
calling for vengeance on those who have fatally
stabbed the Constitution under the smiling and
hypocritical guise of a false and assumed friend-
ship. 1 may not live long, Mr. Chairman. My
life is perhaps bounded by narrow limits, but f
trust that I may live till the sun rises on the day
of a popular reckoning on this subject. 1 fear not
its judgment. I invoke with confidence its decrees
on the humble record of my brief term of public
life. Others, and not I—not those who take the
Constitution as the measure of their authoiity to
act here and elsewhere—will be found calling on
the mountains to hide them from the wrath of their
constituents. To that day I take my appeal;
before th at tribunal 1 lodge my cause.
But, sir, once more, and finally, to the recorded
pledges of the Government. 3 have given you the
pledges of those m authority in whom the people
were entitled to confide. I will give you now the
voice of the people themselves, as assembled here
in both branches of Congress, through their Rep-
resentatives.
On the 11th day of February, 1861, in view of
the gathering storm which has since broken upon
the country, Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, then a Rep-
resentative, now a Senator, in Congress, intro-
duced into this body the following resolution:
'-That neithet the Cougiess of the United States noi the.
people oi governments ot the non-slaveholdmg States have
the constitutional right to Iciti-hue upon, or interfere with,
slavery m any of the sUveholdmg States m the Union."
This resolution passed this House unanimously
upon a vote taken by yeas and nays, many of the
present champions of abolitionism being present
and voting for it. Of course, this will be met by
them now with the new doctrine, that a state of
war enables us to legislate on forbidden subjects,
and changes the express, written letter of the Con-
stitution; that we were at peace when this reso-
lution was passed, and that we are at war now.
We have heard much of this doctrine. It has been
ably and vehemently urged. But, to my mind,
it is the most dangerous dogma ever promulgated
in a fiee country. It puts us out far from shore
m the open sea, with the polar star obscured,
without chart or compass to guide our course.
" State necessity" is to be substituted for the well-
known provisions of the Constitution! Strange
and alarming doctrine in the American Congress!
It calls up before the mind the bloodiest and dark-
est pages in history. It is the plea by which mar-
tyrs have been chained to the stalce, and have as-
cended the scaffold in all ages. It erected the
guillotine and held a carnival of horror in France
during the reign of terror. It is the founder of
bastiles and inquisitions. It is of no kin to free-
dom. It is a foe to liberty. It is the monstrous
engine of oppression by which the accidental ma-
jority of to-day,unchecked,unlimited,and uncon-
tiolled by law, may crush, plunder, and murder
the minority. It is the bloody, dripping sword of
irresponsible power. State necessity! I know
no "state necessity" equal to that which our
oaths, registered in heaven, impose upon us to
support the Constitution in all its parts as our
sainted fathers made it.
Such is the " state necessity," sir, which I ac-
knowledge, and none other. In peace or in war,
the written Constitution gives us all the power we
have, and, on this point, I content myself with re-
ferring, as authority, to the spcech made at the
late extra session by the distinguished gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] We all re®
member it. It'has never been answered. It never
will be. According to his construction of the Con-
stitution, there was a total absence of all power in
Congress over the subject of slavery in the States,
in war as well as in peace. I will balance the
weight of his honored name against the advocates
of a different construction. It is a name that be-
longs to history. It is the name of a profound
lawyer and ai> experienced statesman, and will
live long and gratefully in the hearts of his coun-
trymen.
Sir, Congress, however, spoke again on this
important subject. Who will ever forget the scene
who witnessed it? Who will forget the 22d day
of last July m this Hall? It was the darkest day
in all the calendar of American history. Dismay
or gloom sat on every face. A routed army was
pouring into the city, and a triumphant enemy
was at the gates of the capital. In that hour of
extremity and peril, when a new army was to be
raised and the old one encouraged and reinvigor-
oted, Congress announced to the country, and to
the whole world, the policy which should govern
the future conduct of the war. On motion of the
distinguished gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] Congress said:
" That this war is not waged on their part in any spirit
of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest or subjuga-
tion, nor put pose of ovei throwing or interfering with the
rights or established institutions of thos** States, but to de-
fend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired; and that as soon.
a  these objects are accomplished, the war ought to cease."
The nation heard this, and loyal men, trusting
and confiding, again poured with military tread
from the loyal States to the banks of the Potomac.
They were repelled then by no outcry from either
end of the Capitol, that slavery, as the cause of
the war, must be abolished, and that the seceded
States had committed political suicide, and must
be reduced, by the force ofarms, to territories, and
governed as such by Federal authority.
Mr. Chairman, I am amazed, utterly amazed,
when I contrast the present with the past on this
subject. All is changed, at least so far as Con-
gress is concerned. Pledge upon pledge has been
made by every department of the Government in
the opening stages of this conflict. The national
faith has been plighted at home and abroad in the
most binding and obi igatory manner, that the do-
mestic laws and customs of the seceded States were
not to be violated, that slavery was not to be abol-
ished, that " savages were not to be let loose."
We heard no indignant protests then against this
policy. Tongues that are now loud in its denun-
ciation were then mute. Voices that are now high
in wrath against it were then silent.
An army, however, of six hundred thousand
men now stands banded together under the stern
control of military discipline. In that, I suppose,
the object of conservative pledges isaccomplislied,
and the time has arrived for the fulfillment of the
purposes of this war, according to the views of
abolitionists. They demand now that all these
pledges shall be broken. They demand that the
faith of the Government shall be dishonored.
They demand tliat the present Administration
shall be disgraced in the eyes of all the world by
abandoning its own deliberate construction of the
