1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Constitution—its own boldly and openly marked
line of policy. They demand that the Army shall
be dcceivnl; that the promises by which it was
raised shall be prove!) false; that the soldier shall
now fight and die in the prosecution of purposes
which were concealed from him when he enlisted
and which he abhors. Tiiey demand that the
people shall be betrayed, and their hard-earned
money taken to support this war, conducted on
principles winch they utterly repudiate. And.
above all, they demand that the Constitution be
ruthlessly violated; that thelaws be stricken down,
and that the old Union, such as our fathers made'
it, shall never be restored. Had they avowed
their purposes at the opening of this war, and
appealed to the country to support the atrocious
doctrines which they now avow; had they made
their demands then, no proud army wou!4 now
line a thousand miles of border; but, rather, as
my colleague [Mr. Ddnn] has well and truthfully
said on this floor, our Army would have been
composed of a small and deluded band, such as
followed John Brown to Harper's Perry. Let
these demands be granted now, and the appalling
fact will stand confessed that a stupendous frau2
has been practiced on the nation, and that the
Arm}'- of the United States lias been obtained by
false pketexses. Let these demands be^ranted
now, and no American Union will ever more bless
the eyes of men. No more - I
at the mad behests of abolitionism; but that the
condition of every human being in the South shall
iemain unchanged, whether th#> revolution shall
succeed or fail.
' Wili bloom the thunder-blasted tree,
Or tlie stricken eagle soar."
Mr. Chairman, I represent, in part, the people
of a great State. Indiana may point proudly to
her escutcheon. It is gemmed all over with honor.
She did not want this war. She was for compro-
mise and peace, and is now, when they can be
obtained, as they once could, with honor and upon
the principles of the Constitution. But once east
into the conflict, though by no act of hers, she
has wedded her name to victory on every battle-
field where her troops have drawn the sword. Go
and ask her sixty thousand soldiers now in the
field, encircled as they are with a halo of gallant
achievements, whether these demands shall be
granted, and listen to their answer. That answer
will he, that they are fighting to restore a Union
of " equal and honored members;" that they have
encountered the penis of war to restore the Con-
stitution exactly as it came from the hands of
Washington, and to enforce all the laws, to up-
hold all the institutions, to protect and defend all
the rights of every person and State under that
Constitution, and that if such is no longer the
policy of the Government, they will turn their
faces homeward, deceived and betrayed. Gcfand
ask the tax-payers and the voters of that noble
State for what they toil and pour out their money.
They will answer that they live on the tributaries
of the great thoroughfare of their trade and com-
merce, the Mississippi river; that their fortunes
are forever linked by nature and the great laws
of geographical formation with the States which
are washed by its descending waters; and that
by virtue of and in strict accordance with the
Constitution, they intend to secure a free pas-
sage to the Gulf of Mexico; and that they will
everywhere uphold the rights of others as well
as their own; that they labor to maintain and pre-
serve the laws, and not to trample them under
foot, and that they seek a reconstruction of the
Union on precisely the same basis on which it was
made by the founders of the Government. They
want no four millions of slaves set free. They
have no money with which to purchase teiritoues
for vast schemes of colonization. They are op-
posed to gigantic standing armies, with which to
hold, from year to year, and through all time to
come, degraded States in subjection. In this hour
of triumph the true friends of the Union every-
where demand that a policy for the reconstruc-
tion of the Government be proclaimed from here
which shall insure for the futurca Union of" equal
and honored members.'5 Let our "kindred and
countrymen" of the South know that liberality
and magnanimity animate our councils, and that j
the spirit of vengeance1, intolerance, and spoliation ,
has no place m our midst. In this day of victory '
let the heralds of the Government go before our !
armies, and proclaim peace and Union, on the basis \
of equality, on the basis of the Constitution, and j
on the baai.s of the laws. Let them announce that !
the pledges of the Government so freely given in ;
the early part of this struggle will not be broken I1
Sir, to my mind it is an omen of evil that the
spirit of abolitionism, like a lurking fiend of mis-
chief, a Mephistopheles of iniquity, should boldly
stalk in here, and, in such a crisis as this, as-
sume to control American legislation. Its croak-
ing raven-cry is a baleful sound to the cause of
the Union. Its arrogant and defiant demands fill
the future with gloom. It no longer comes in here
the skulking and despised miscreant that it once
was; but, with the elevated mien and swaggering
poi t of a conqueror, it strides forward over the
mangled form of constitutional government,' It
no longer hides and cowers and denies its name
and us nature,and assumes false shapes, like Sa-
tan jo the garden of Paradise, with which to be-
guile and deceive, as it did a few short years ago.
The vaiied prophet of Khorasson has revealed
himself, and his hideous face is almost enough to
affright union and concord from the land.
Why comes this fell spirit here now, accompa-
nied by its train of horrors? It has no merit in
the past to entitle it to control the present and
shape the future. It can point to no good act that
it has ever accomplished. The cause of aboli-
tionism is barren of beneficent results. NoState,
no Territory has it ever dedicated to free labor,
and no slave has it ever set free except in viola-
tion of law. It has never had the sanction of the
great and good names which, like stars in the clear
upper sky, adorn and illuminate our history. On
| the contiaiy, it has been the object of their inces-
j sant maledictions from the hour of its birth. Its
I presence in the Halls of Congress was their ab-
| horrence, and they prognosticated " evil, and evil
J only, and that continually," from its influence in
i public affairs.
Why comes it here now ? It never was a friend
to the Union, and it is not to-day. It never wanted
a Union with slave States, or a fellowship with
slaveholders, and does not now. It is at war with
the Constitution; it is an enemy to the Govern-
ment; it is the twin monster to the doctrine of se-
cession, and like the withered and hateful hags on
the blasted heath of Scotland, the two together
concocted the hell bioth of the present civil war.
Let the spirit of the Union, born of the Constitu-
tion, rise up between them like a bright angel, and
banish them both forever. Then will the nation
renew its mighty youth, and go on again m its
swift flightof prosperity and renown. Then will
"kindred and countrymen5' once more assemble
( under the same flag, and obeying the command
' of the Prince of Peace,<s love one another."
Mr. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me for one moment. I un-
derstand the gentleman from Indiana, who has
just taken his scat, as stating upon this floor that
the people of Indiana aie now ready for a compro-
mise with the rebels. I am happy to announce
that the people of Illinois, too, are ready for one
compromise, and but one. They are ready to
compromise with the rebels upon the terms that
General Grant, my townsman, announced to Gen-
j erul Buokner, and they arc—-unconditional and
i immediate surrender. [Applause in the galleries,
! which was suppressed by the Chairman.]
j Mr. VOORHEES. Let me ask the gentleman
i from Illinois one question. My language was
) this 
| Mr. SHELLABARGER. I cannot yield the
j floor.
i Mr. VOORHEES. Just one moment. I said
that I was in favor of 
Mr. SHELLABARGER,. I cannot yield the
floor if it is to be taken out of my time.
Mr. VOORHEES. I appeal to the gentleman,
after the speech of the gentleman from Illinois, to
allow me just one minute. 1 presume it will not
be taken from the gentleman's time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No, sir. I must
decline to yield.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to move that the committee rise.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield for that mo-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS.
907
resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler reported that
the Committee of the Whole on thb st^te of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly billof the House No. s59
making appropriations for the.support of the -Post
Ufliee Department during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1863, and had* come to no resolution
thereon.
army appropriation bill.
A message from the Senate was received, by Mr
*' ORNET, their Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate had passed the bill of this House (No.
m) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending Juno 30,1863, and ad-
aPPr°P ati°ns for the year ending June
ou, loo2, with amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to have the amend-
ments of the Senate to that bill acted on to-day, I
understand there is an imperative necessity for its
immediate passage to meet the wants of the Army.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am-willing that
the amendments of the Senate shall be read, reserv-
ing- my right to object.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair understands
there is no objection to taking up the bill for con-
sideration at this time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I suppose.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I want it consid-
ered in the House-
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I must object,un-
less it is to be considered in the Committee of tile
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
order. If the amendments of the Senate do not
embrace appropriations, I make the point that
the rule docs not require them to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. If there wore no appropri-
ations contained in the amendments of the Senate
the Chair would sustain the point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman, as I
understand, did not object to the consideration of
| the amendments of the Senate in the House, ex-
: cept on the ground that they contain appropria-
tions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No, sir; I only ask
that the amendments to the bill may conform to
the rul<5. If the rule does not require them to go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I certainly do not.
The SPEAKER. To relieve any doubt upon
that subjcct, the Chair announces that the amend-
ments to the bill do contain appropriations.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask, then, that
they may have their first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill and amendments were accordingly
taken from the Speaker's table, and refernato
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I now propose that they shall
be considered there at once; and I move to close
debate upon the amendments in ten minutes after
the committee shall proceed to their consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules he sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Alley in the
chaii,) and proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 209, it being the Army appropri-
ation bill, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto, upon which general debate had been con-
fined to ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I yseld to the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am very much de-
lighted at the annunciation of my colleague [Mr.
Wasiiburne] this morning. If is one of the de-
lightful sisns of the times.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman did not
I move that the committee || expect me to give way for general debate. I am
riSe. || informed by the Department that it is important
The motion was agreed to. j! this Army bill should pass to-day.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having ii Mr. RICHARDSON. Oil, yes, the Auny; I
