1862.]
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
Laios of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
fifty-five years in the naval service of the United
States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatanyline
officer of the Navy or marine corps may be ad-
vanced one grade, if, upon recommendation of the
President, by name, he receives the thanks of
Congress for highly distinguished conduct in con-
flict with the enemy, or for extraordinary heroism
in the line of his profession.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall have received or shall hereafter
receive a temporary appointment as acting volun-
teer lieutenant or acting master in the Navy from
civil life authorized by the act of Congress of July
twenty-four, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, may
be confirmed in said appointment in the Navy,
and placed in the line of promotion from the date
of said confirmation, if, upon the recommendation
of the President, he receives the'thanks of Con-
gress for highly meritorious conduct in conflict
with theenemy: Provided, Thenumberofofficers
allowed in each grade by this act shallnot be in-
creased thereby. Seamen distinguishing them-
selves in battle, or by extraordinary heroism in
the line of their profession, may be promoted to
forward warrant officers, or acting masters' mates,
as they may be best qualified, upon the recom-
mendation of their commanding officer, approved
by the flag-officer and the department. Upon such
promotion they shall receive a gratuity of one
hundred dollars and a medal of honor to bo pre-
pared by the Navy Department.
Sec. 11. Andbe it further enacted, That the stu-
dents at the Naval Academy shall be sty [l]ed mid-
shipmen and until their final graduating examina-
tion, when, if successful, they shall be commis-
sioned ensigns, ranking according to merit. The
number allowed at the academy shall be two for
every member and delegate ofthe House of Repre-
sentatives, two for the District of Columbia, and
ten at large. They shall be between the ages of
fourteen and seventeen, physically sound and well
formed, and of robust constitution. They shall
be examined for admittance into the academyac-
cording to the regulations which shall be issued
by the Secretary of the Navy, and if rejected shall
not have the privilege of another examination for
admission to the same class, unless*recommended
by the board of examiners. The President shall
select the two from the District of Columbia and
the ten at large, and the President shall also be
allowed three yearly appointments of midship-
men, who shall be not over eighteen years of age,
who shall be selected from boys enlisted in the
Navy, and who have been at l^ast one year in the
service, six months of which shall have been sea
service. From and after the fifth of March, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, the nomination of
candidates for admission into the Naval Academy
shall be made between the fifth of March and the
first of July of each year upon the recommenda-
tion of the member or delegate, from actual res-
idents of his district, and they shall A>e examined
for admission in July: Provided, That when any
candidate who has been so nominated shall upon
examination be found physically or mentally dis-
qualified for admission, the member or delegate
from whose district he was so nominated shall be
notified to recommend another candidate, who
shall be examined in September following. And
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy,
as soon after the fifth of March as possible, to
notify, in writing, each member and delegate of
any vacancy that may exist in his district; and
if said member or delegate neglects to recommend
a candidate by the first of July in that year, then
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy
to fill thevacancy. Midshipmen deficient at any
examination shall not be continued at the acad-
emy, or in the service, unless upon recommenda-
tion of the academic board; nor shall any officer
of the Navy who has been dismissed by sentence
of a court-martial, or suffered to resign to escape
one, ever again becomeanofficeroftheNavy: Pro-
vided,however, That nogreaternumbcrof midship-
men shall be appointed by the President at large
under this or any other law of Congress than shall
be allowed by the provisions of this section.
Sec. 12. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the three
senior rear admirals shall wear a square blue flag
at the mainmast head; the next three at the fore-
mast head; and all others at the mizen
Sec. 13. Andbeit further enacted, That the rel-
ative rank between officers of the Navy and Army
shall be as follows, lineal rank only to be con-
sidered:
Rear admirals with major generals.
Commodores with brigadier generals.
Captains with colonels.
Commanders with lieutenant colonels.
Lieutenant commanders with majors.
Lieutenants with captains.
Masters with first lieutenants.
Ensigns with second lieutenants.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That there
maybe allowed upon the retired list nine rear ad-
mirals and eighteen commodores. The rear ad-
mirals shall be selected by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, from
those captains who have g-iven the most faithful
service to their country. The eighteen commo-
dores shall be recommended from the list of cap-
tains by an advisory board of admirals. After
the above numbers are commissioned, promotion
to those grades upon the retired list,shall be by
seniority, subject to an advisory board.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act the annual pay
of the several ranks and grades of officers of the
Navy on the active list, hereinafter named, shall
be as follows:
Rear admirals, when at sea, shall receive five
thousand dollars;
When on shore duty, four thousand dollars;
"When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
three thousand dollars.
Commodores, when at sea, shall receive four
thousand dollars;
When on shore duty, three thousand two hun-
dred dollars;
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
two thousand four hundred dollars.
Captains, when at sea, shall receive three thou-
sand five hundred dollars;
When on shore duty, two thousand eight hun-
dred dollars;
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
two thousand one hundred dollars.
Commanders, when at sea, shall receive two
thousand eight hundred dollars;
When on shore duty, two thousand two hun-
dred and forty dollars;
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
one thousand six hundred and eighty dollars.
Lieutenant commanders, when at sea, shall re-
ceive two thousand three hundred and forty-three
dollars;
When on shore duty, one thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars;
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
Lieutenants, when at sea, shall receive one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars;
When on shore duty, one thousand and five
hundred dollars;
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
Masters, when at sea, shall receive one thou-
sand five hundred dollars;
When on shore duty, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars;
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
nine hundred and sixty dollars.
Ensigns, when at sea, shall receive one thou-
sand two hundred dollars;
When on shore duty, nine hundred and sixty
dollars;
When on leave of absence, or waiting orders,
seven hundred and sixty-eight dollars.
Midshipmen shall receive five hundred dollars.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any officer of the Navy, of a class subject
by law or regulation to examination before pro-
motion to a higher grade, shall have been absent
on duty at the time when he should have been
examined, and shall have been found qualified at
a subsequent examination, the increased rate of
pay to which he may be entitled shall be allowed
to him from the date when he would have received
it had he been found qualified at the time when
his examination should have taken place.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That in cal-
culating the graduated pay of boatswains, gun-
ners, carpenters, and sailmakers in the Navy, as
established by law, the sea-service shall be com-
puted from the dates of their appointments or en-
try into the service in their respective grades in
lieu of the dates of their warrants.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he hereby is, author-
ized to assign clerks and laborers attached to one
bureau to duty in another, and also to detail a sur-
geon or assistant surgeon, or passed assistantsur-
g?on, as assistant to the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery, who shall receive the highest shore pay
of his grade.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That all offi-
cers while at sea, or attached to a sea-going ves-
sel, shall be allowed one ration.
Sec. 20. And be it-further enacted, That the rel-
ative rank between officers of the Navy and Army
on the retired list shall be the same as on the
active list, and the annual pay of retired naval
officers shall be as follows, namely:
Admirals, two thousand dollars.
Commodores, eighteen hundred dollars.
Captains, sixteen hundred dollars.
Commanders, fourteen hundred dollars.
Lieutenant commanders, thirteen hundred dol-
lars.
Lieutenants, one thousand dollars.
Masters, eight hundred dollars.
Ensigns, five hundred dollars.
And no ration shall be allowed to any officers
of the Navy on the retired list. And the pay of
all naval officers appointed by virtue of an act
entitled "All act to provide for the temporary
increase of the Navy," approved July twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, shall be
the same as that of officers of a like grade in the
regular Navy.
Am>roveu, July ]6, 18G2.
Chap. CLXXXIV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to further promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy," approved December
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the UnitedStatesof America in Congress
assembled, That section eight of an act to further
promote the efficiency of the Navy, approved De-
cember twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, be amended so as to read as follows: That the
hours of labor and the rate of wages of the em-
ployes in the navy-yards shall conform, as nearly
as is consistent with the public interest, with
those of private establishments in the immediate
vicinity of the respective yards, to be determined
by the commandants of the navy-yards, subject
to the approval and revision of the Secretary of
the Navy.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CLXXXV.—An Act transferring the
Western Gunboat E'leet from the War to the
Navy Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives cf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the western gunboat fleet con-
structed by the War Department for operations
on the western waters shall be transferred to the
Navy Department, which will be hereafter charged
with the expense uf Hs icpaii, support, and main-
tenance: Provided, That all vessels now under
construction or repair by authority of the War
Department shall he completed and paid for under
the authority of that Department from appropn-
ations made for that purpose.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect and bo in force from and after its
passage.
Approved, July 16, 1862.
Chap. CLXXXVI.—An Act to enlarge the Lake
Superior Land District, m the State of Michi-
gan
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That all that portion of the present
" Cheboygan district,"in the State of Michigan,
lying west of Lake Michigan and south of the
