1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
Laws of the United States.
37th'Cong....2d Sess.
said, proceedings in rem shall be instituted in the
name of the United States in any district court
thereof, or in any territorial court, or in the Uni-
ted States district court for the District of Colum-
bia, within which the property above described,
oi any part thereof, may be found, or into which
the same, if movable, may first be brought, which
proceedings shall conform as nearly as may be to
proceedings in admiralty or revenue cases, and
if said property, whether real or personal, shall
be found to have belonged to a person engaged
in rebellion, or who has given aid or comfort
thereto, the same shall be condemnedasenemies'
property and become the property of the Uni-
ted States, and may be disposed of as the court
shall decree and the proceeds thereof paid into the
t reasury of the United States for the purposes
aforesaid.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
eral courts aforesaid shall have power to make
such orders, establish such forms of decree and
sale, and direct such deeds and conveyances to be
executed and delivered by the marshals thereof
where real estate shall be-the subject of sale, as
shall fitly and efficiently effect the purposes of
this act, and vest in the purchasers of such prop-
erty good and valid titles thereto. And the said
courts shall have power to allow such fees and
charges of their officers as shall be reasonable
and proper in the premises.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That all slaves
of persons who shall hereafter be engaged in re-
bellion against the Government of the United
States, or who shall in any way give aid or com-
fort thereto, escaping from such persons and tak-
ing refuge within the lines of the Army; and all
slaves captured from such persons or deserted by
them and coming into the control of the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and all slaves of
such persons found on [or] being within any
place occupied by rebel forces and afterwards
occupied by the forces of the United States, shall
be deemed captives of war, and shall be forever
free of their servitude, and not again held as
slaves.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatnoslave
escaping into any State, Territory, or the District
of Columbia, from any other State, shall be de-
livered up, or in any way impeded or hindered of
his liberty, except for crime, or some offense
against the laws, unless the person claiming said
fugitive shall first make oath that the person to
whom the labor or service of such fugitive is al-
leged to be due is his lawful owner, and has not
borne arms against the United States in the pres-
ent rebellion, nor in any way given aid and com-
fort thereto; and no person engaged in the military
or naval service of the United States shall, under
any pretense whatever, assume to decide on the
validity of the claim of any person to the service
or labor of any other person, orsurrender up any
such person to the claimant, on pain of being dis-
missed from the service.
Sec . 11. And he itfurther enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States is authorized to employ
as many persons of African descent as he may
deem necessary and proper for the suppression of
this rebellion, and for this purpose he may organ-
ize and use them in such manner as he mayjudge
best for the public welfare.
Sec. 12. Andbe itfurther enacted,That the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorized to
make provision for the transportation, coloniza-
tion, and settlement, in some tropical country
beyond the limits of the United States, of such
persons of the African race, made free by the
provisions of this act, as may be willing to emi-
grate, having first obtained the consent of the
Government of said country to their protection
and settlement within the same, with all the rights
and privileges of freemen.
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident is hereby authorized, at any time hereafter,
by proclamation, to extend to persons who may
have participated in the existing rebellion in any
State or part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with
such exceptions and at such time and on such
conditions as he may deem expedient for the pub-
lic welfare.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
courts of the United States shall have full power
to institute proceedings, make orders and decrees,
issue process, and do all other things necessary
to carry this act into effect.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
Chap. CXCV1.—An Act to authorize payments
in Stamps, and to prohibit circulation of Notes
of less denomination than One Dollar.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish to the As-
sistant Treasurers, and such designated deposi-
taries of the United States as may be by him se-
lected, in such sums as he may deem expedient,
the postage and other stamps of the United States,
to be exchanged by them, on application, for
United States notes; and from and after the first
day of August next such stamps shall be receiv-
able in payment of all dues to the United States
less than five dollars, and shall be received in ex-
change for United States notes when presented to
any Assistant Treasurer or any designated de-
positary selected as aforesaid in sumsnotless than
five dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of tAugust, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, no private corporation, banking
association, firm, or individual shall make, issue,
circulate, or pay any note, check, memorandum,
token, or other obligation, for a less sum than one
dollar, intended to circulate as money or to be
received or used in lieu of lawful money of the
United States; and every person so offending
shall, on conviction ^hereof in any district or cir-
cuit court of the United States, be punished by
fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or by im-
prisonment notexceeding six months, or by both,
at the option of the court.
Approved, July 17, 18f>2.
Chap. CXCVII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled " An Act to amend an Act entitled (An Act
in relation to the Acts prohibiting* the Slave
Trade.' "
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That it shall and may be lawful for the
President of the United States to enter into ar-
rangement, by contract or otherwise, with one or
more foreign Governments having possessions in
the West l%dies or other tropical regions, or with
their duly constituted agent or agents, to receive
from the United States, for a term not exceeding
five years, at such place or places as shall be
agreed upon, all negroes, mulattocs, or persons of
color, delivered from on board vessels seized in
the prosecution of the slave trade by commanders
of United States armed vessels, and to provide
them with suitable instruction, and with com-
fortable clothing and shelter, and to employ them,
at wages, under such regulations as shall be
agreed upon, for a period not exceeding five years
from the date of their being landed at the place or
places agreed upon: Provided, That the United
States incur no expenses on account of said ne-
groes, mulattoes, or persons of color, after having
landed them at the place or places agreed upon:
And provided further, That any arrangement so
made as aforesaid may be renewed by the Presi-
dent of the United States from time to time, as
may beYound necessary or desirable, for periods
not exceeding five years on each renewal.
Sec. 2. Arid be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to issue instructions to the command-
ers of the armed vessels of the United States, di-
recting them, whenever it shall be practicable, and
under such rules and regulations as he shall pre-
scribe, to proceed directly to such place or places
as shall have been agreed upon with any foreign
Government, or its duly constituted agent or
agents, under the provisions of the first section of
this act, and there deliver to the duly constituted
authorities, or agents of such foreign Govern-
ments, all negroes, mulattoes, or persons of color,
delivered from on board vessels seized in the pros-
ecution of the slave trade, afterwards taking the
vessel and persons engaged in prosecuting the
slave trade to the proper place for trial and adju-
dication.
Approved, July 17, 18G2.
Chap. CXCVIII.—An Act authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of the
Steamship " Coatzacoalcos},"to " America."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amcrica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to change
the name of the steamship" Coatzacoalcos," now
owned by Marshall 0. Roberts, of New York city,
to that of " America,"and to issue a register in
that name.
Approved, July 17, 18G2.
Ciiap. CXCIX.—An Act to provide for the more
prompt Settlement of the Accounts of Disburs-
ing Officers.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in. Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act any officer or agent of the United States who
shall receive public money which he is notauthor-
ized to retain as salary, pay, or emolument, shall
render his accounts monthly, instead of quarterly,
as heretofore; and such accounts, with the vouch-
ers necessary to thecorrectand promptsettlement
thereof, shall be rendered dircct to the proper ac-
counting officerof the Treasury,and be mailed or
otherwise forwarded to its proper address within
ten days after the expiration of each successive
month. And in case of the non-receipt at theTreas-
ury of any accounts within a reasonable and proper
time thereafter, the officer whose accounts are in
default shall be required to furnish satisfactory
evidence of having complied with the provisions
of this act; and for any default on his part, the
delinquent officer shall be deemed a defaulter,and
be subject to all the penalties prescribed by the
sixteenth section of the act of A ugust sixth, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, " to provide for the
better organization of the Treasury, and for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer and disbursement
of the public revenue:" Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, if in his opinion the
circumstances of the case justify and require it,
extend the time hereinbefore prescribed for the
rendition of accounts: And provided further, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
restrain the heads of any of the Departments from
requiring such other returns or reports from the
officer or agent, subject to the control of such
heads of Departments, as the public interests may
require.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
Ciiap.CC.—An Act to define the Pay and Emol-
uments of certain Officers of the Army, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statrsof Americain Congress
assembled, That officers of the Army entitled to
forage for horses shall notbeallowcd to commute
it, but may draw forage in kind for each horse
actually kept by them when and at the fMace where
they are on duty, not exceeding the number au-
thorized by law: Provided, however, That when
forage in kind cannot be furnished by the proper
department, then, and m all such cases, officers
entitled to forage may commute the same accord-
ing to existing regulations: And provided further,
That officers of the Army and of volunteers as-
signed to duty which requires them to be mounted,
shall, during the time they are employed on such
duty, receive the pay, emoluments, and allow-
ances of cavalry officers of the same grade re-
spectively.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That major
generals shall be entitled to draw forage in kind
tor five horses; brigadiergenerals for fourhorses;
colonels, lieutenant colonels,and majors, for two
horses each; captains and lieutenants of "cavalry
and artillery, or having the cavalry allowance, for
two horses each; and chaplains, for one horse
only.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever an officer of the Army shall employ a soldier
as his servant he shall, for each and every month
during which said soldier shall be so employed,
deduct from his own monthly pay the full amount
paid to or expended by the Government per month
on account of said soldier; and every officer of the
Army who shall fail to make such deduction shall,
