1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
could be accomplished by the simple action of
the House, my resolution be acted on, and to-
morrow the House may pass the resolution my
colleague suggests, when the Senate will be in
session.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Knapp] that
his objection—which I think is a good one—to
the motion of his colleague [Mr. Lovejoy] can be
obviated by the passage of a simple resolution
by this House, requesting the committee having
charge of the proceedings to-morrow to omit so
much of them as refers to the illumination of the
public buildings.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will state to my colleague
that we may pass a joint resolution rescinding the
order for an illumination to-day, and to-morrow
when the Senate meets it can concur in it. I cer-
tainly think we ought not to adjourn without pass-
ing such a resolution.
Mr. KNAPP. I prefer that the resolution I
have offered should be acted upon simply by itself;
and I mustthereforedecline to yield for the amend-
ment of my collca^ue.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My proposition was, nr>t
to amend the gentleman's resolution, but that he
should withdraw it temporarily to allow me to
offer the one I suggested.
Mr. KNAPP. I prefer not to yield.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I now ask the
gentleman from Illinois tu yield to me for the pur-
pose of moving as the sense of this House, that
the committee having charge of the exercises of
to-morrow, be requested to omit so much of them
as refers to an illumination.
Mr. KNAPP. 1 will yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
there is no committee having charge of the pro-
ceedings of to-morrow.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Who then is to
make preparation for the illumination?
The SPEAKER. TheCommissionerof Public
Buildings.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I propose then
to offer the following; additional resolution:
Resolvedfurther, That in view of this afflicting event, the
Commissioner of Public Buildings be requested to omit the
illumination of the public buildings to-morrow night.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is the same objection
to that which has been made to my proposition.
A simple resolution of this House cannot repeal
a joint resolution.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLTNG. This will indi-
cate the wish of the House, and the Senate will
no doubt to-morrow adopt a similar resolution on
its part.
The resolution proposed by Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling was adopted.
The question recurred on the resolution offered
by Mr. Knapp.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yielded the floor for the
introduction of this resolution, and I now desire
merely to ask whether the business in which the
House was engaged will come up again when the
House next regularly meets, and whether I shall
be entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as unfin-
ished business on Monday, and the gentleman
will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to permit me to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Whereas the following order was issued from the War
Dcpaitment by order of the Piesidcnt:
War Departmfnt,
Washington, I). C., Feb tucry 18, 1862.
Ordered, By the President, Connncincier-iii-Chief of the
Army and Navy, that on the 22(1 day of Febiuarv, m the
Hail of the Ilou^e ot Representative*, immediately altei the
Farewoll Acldiess. of Geoigo Washington shall have been
read, the icbel flags lately captured by the bmted Slates
foreL& shall be presented to Congress by the Adjutant Gen-
eral, to be disposed of as Congress may direct.
I3y order of the President:
edwin m. stanton, Secietary of War.
Resolved, That it is the desire of this House thatllon. E.
M. Stanton, Secretary of War, do piesent those fiagy ; and
tliatthe Speaker be directed to ask the Secretary to comply
with this jequest.
Mr.WASEiBUItNE. That is already arranged,
1 presume, at the War Department, and we had
better not interfere.
Tlie resolution of Mr, KNAPP was agreed to;
and the House thereupon adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 22, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
the illumination.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
The President of the United Stetes was last evening
plunged into affliction by the death of a beloved child. The
heads of the Departments, in consideration of this distress
mg event, have thought it would be agreeable to Congress
and to the American people that the official and private
buildings occupied by them should not be illuminated in
the evening of the 22d instant.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
8. I'. CHASE.
E. M. STANTON.
gideon welles.
EDWARD BATES.
M. BLAIR.
Washington, February 21,1862.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered byunanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That tfce Senate, entertaining the deepest sen-
timents of condolence with the President in his present
affliction, in the death of his son, and in view of this afflict-
ing event, the Commissioner of the Public Buildings be
directed to omit the illumination of the public buildings
to-night.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Westeily, Rhode Island, pi ay ing for eman-
cipation of slaves under the warpower, with com-
pensation to loyal masters; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of mothers, wives,
and daughters of Pennsylvania volunteers, pray-
ing Congress to proclaim liberty throughout the
land as a military necessity; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition from citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
total abolition of slavery tlnoughout the country.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb, widow of Major Gen-
eral Alexander Macomb, praying for arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of a law
reducing the salaries and pay of all Government
officers; which was ordered to lie on the table.
reports from committees.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 188) to in-
crease the efficiency of the medical department of
the Army, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 37)
in relation to certain railroads in the State of Mis-
souri, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Will it be in order
now to ask the Senate to take up the joint resolu-
tion just reported by the chairman of the Military
Committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in order
to move to postpone all prior ordeis.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. If it will give rise to debate, 1
object, as it is not the purpose of the Senate to
take up measures of that kind to-day. Nobody
anticipated that any business would be done.
Mr. HENDERSON. If it is likely, sir, that
there will be any debate on the resolution, we do
not desue to press it this morning, and will with-
draw the motion. We will let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is un-
derstood to withdraw his motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
recess.
Mr. GRIMES. I move tliatthe Senate take a
recess tor half an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
resolutions from legislatures.
Mr. McDOUGALL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of California, in favor of the con-
tinuance of the overland mail and pony express;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Ohio, relative to the protection of
our soldiers from the impositio of sutlers in tho
Army; which was referred to ttie Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio, requesting Congress to pass such
laws as will prevent fraud anil corruption by the
agents and officers of the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio relative to the establishment of a
branch clothing bureau, &c.; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio relative to the opening of the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
issue of united states notes.
A message from the House of Representatives,
byMr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to certain amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 240) to au-
thorize the issue of United States notes, and for
the redemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the floating debt of the United States, insisted
on by the Senate, and insisted upon its amend-
ments to other amendments of the Senate to the
said bill, disagreed to by the Senate, and had
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and has appointed Mr. Thaddeos Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, Mr. V. B. Horton, of Ohio, and
Mr. Charles B. Sedgwick, of New York, man-
agers at the same on its part.
enrolled bill signed.'
Themessagefurtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S. No.
37) for the collection of war statistics; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident.
bill become law.
The message further announced that the" Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 19th instant, an act (H.R. No. 109) to
prohibit the cooly trade by American citizens in
American vessels.
Washington's birthday.
A message from the House of Representatives,
byMr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced tliatthe
House is now ready to receive tho Senate, in order
that the Farewell Address of George Washington
to the people of the United States be read in the
presence of the two Houses of Congress, assem-
bled in pursuance of their joint resolution of the
14th instant.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the House
of Represenfatives in accordance with the pub-
lished order of proceedings.
The Vice President of the United States and the
Secretary of the Senate, preceded by the
Sergean t-n t-A rms.
Senators.
The President and Heads of the several Depart-
ments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Representatives from Foreign Governments, near
this Government.
Invited ofliceis of the Army and Navy.
Distinguished citizens, and other invited guests.
After an absence of an hour and a half the
Senate returned to its Chamber, and on motion
of Mr.SUMNER proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 22, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday wasreadandapproved.
Mr. BLAlR,ot'Missouri. Mr. Speaker,agreat
many ladies arc in the lobbies outside of the Hall,
unable to get seats in the galleries. There is space
in the cloak rooms to accommodate a great many
of them, an* I therefore move, in order that they
may witness the ceremonies which are to take
