THE CONGRESS
■h y) ' v? % r-t'> 1 f
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.
Tiiirty-Seventii Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1802.
'New Series,.. vMCK
Norton, Nugen, Ohn, Patton, Perry, Porter, Potter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, Robinson, James S.
ltoliins, Shanks, Shehabarger, Shie), Wihiam &• Steole,
Stratton, Benjamin F. Thoma?, Francis Thomas, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn,Verree, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wash-
burne, Wlialey, Wickhffe, Worcester, and Wrjghl—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieb, Ashley, Babbitt, Joseph Baily,
Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Bl.ike, William
G. Biown, Campbell, (Jhamberiin, Clark, Cobb, Duell,
Dunn, Edwards, flJiot, Ely, Fonton, Fe senden, Fi anchor,
Good), Goodwin, Granger, Gurley, llaight, Hale, Hall,
Hickman, Ilolman, Knapp, Lazear, Leary, Loonns, Love-
joy, McPherson, Moorhead, Anson P. MorrUl, Noell, Odell,
Porneroy, Price, Edward 11- Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Sloan, Smith, Sp'iuldmg, Tram, TTpion, Van
Valkenhmgh, Van Wyck, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E.
P. Walton, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom,
and Woodruff—62.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move to reconsider
the vote last taken, and move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that there oe a call
of the House; and upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas nnd nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Wil-
liam (J. Brown, Campbell, ChambeiJin, CJark, Cobb, Ed
wards, Goodwin, Hanchett, Hickman, Ilolman, Knapp,
Loomis. Lovejov, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nooll,
Odell, Pike, Pomerov, Potter, Pi ice, Edward 11 Rollins
Sargent, Sherman, Sloan, Van Wyck, Wallace, ChaiJeb
W.Walton, AlbeitS. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
ruff—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldiicb, Alley, Ancona, Babbitt, Joseph
Bailv, lieaman, Francis P. Blair', Jacob B. Blair, Sarnuol
S.Blair, Blake, George II. Browne, Buffinton, Burnham,
Frederick A. Conklm", Itoscoe Conkling, Corning, Covode,
Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, Cutler, Duvvca, Dclaplainc,
D.ven, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely,English,
Fenton, Fessenden,FidUcl>ot, Frank, Grider, Gm)cy,lla]e,
Hall, [larding, Hanson, Hooper. Iiorton, Hutching John-
son, Julian, William K<-lloga, Lansing, Law, Lazear, Leh-
man, MeKnight, Mailorv, Maynard, Menzies, Anson P.
Moirdl, Nixon, Norton, Nugen, Olui, Patton, Perry, Por-
ter, Alexander H. Rice, Riddle, Robinson, James d. Rol-
lins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shiel, Smith, Spauld-
ing, John B Steele, William G. Steele, Stratton, Benjamin
f. Thomas, France Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Valkcnburgh, Verree, Vibbard, E. P. Walton, VVabh-
bumc, Wheeler, Whaley, WickMfe, Worcester, and
• Wnght—92.
So a call of the House was refused.
Washington's birthday proceedings.
The hour fixed by the "two Houses for tho> cel-
ebration of the one hundred and thirtieth birth-
day of George Washington having arrived,
the ordinary business of the House was sus-
pended.
The following is the concurrent resolution of
the two Houses directing the proceedings of the
occasion:
Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble in the
Chamber of the House of Representatives on Saturday, the
22d of Febiuary instant, at twelve o'clock, meridian, and
that in the presence of the two Houses oi Oongicss thus
assembled, the Farewell Address of George Washington to
the people of the United States shall be read ; and that the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives be requested to invite the President of the
United States, the heads of the several Department, the
judges of the Supreme Court, the representatives lioin all
foreign Governments near tins Government, and such offi-
cers of the Arffiy and Navy and distinguished citizens as
may thwn be at the seat of Government, to be present on
that occasion.
Seats in the Hall had been prepared for a large
number of invited guests.
Thegalleries, with theexception ofthatreserved
for the families of Senators and Members, had
been densely crowded from an early hour in the
morning. t . ,
The members of the House, by request of the
Speaker, occupied the rear seats in the Hall on
the left of the Speaker's chair.
The doors of the mam entrance to the Hall
Were now thrown open, and the members of the
House, using, received the invited guests of the
occasion in the following order:
The Vice President of the United States and the
Secretary of the Senate, preceded by the
Sergeant-at-Arms and Chaplain,
58
The Senate of the United States and its other ofR-
cers and official repflrters.
The Heads of the scyeral Departments.
The Judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Officers of the Army and Navy of the United
States.
Distinguished citizens and other invited guests.
The entrance into the Hall of the Army and
Navy officers, in full uniform, headed by General
McClclian, was greeted with general manifesta-
tions of applause by the galleries.
The Piesident of the United States, in con-
sequence of the recent death of a son, was not
present.
The Senators wore assigned to seats on the left
of the Speaker, in front of the members of the
House. On the right the seatsnearest the main
aisle were occupied in the following order, fcom-
mencing at the area fronting the Clerk's desk:
1. The Heads of Departments, of whom nil
were present.
2. The Judges of the Supreme Court, all being
present except the Chief Justice.
3. The officers of the Array and Navy, of
whom about fifty were present, consisting of major
generals and brigadier generals of the Army and
officers of assimilated rank in the Navy.
A large number of the representatives of foreign
Governments were present as spectators, and oc-
cupied seats on the right of the officers of the Army
and Navy, not participating, however, in the pro-
ceedings, as the guests of the two Houses.
The other invited guests, to the number of about
one hundred, including the heads of bureaus and
many distinguished citizens, occupied seats on the
extreme right.
The members of the House now resumed their
seats, and the Speaker called the assembly to
order.
The Chaplain of the House, Rev. Thomas H.
Stockton, offered the following prayer:
0 Lord our Lord, how excellent is Thy name
in all the earth, who hast set Thy glory above the
heavens. In Thy presence how little is our great-
ness! Though official representatives of repub-
lics, kingdoms, and empires, magistrates, legis-
lators, judges, and embassadors, officers of the
Army and Navy, and persons of all ranks and
classes in society, still remembering our fallen and
low estate, we hasten to take shelter in the shadow
of Thy Son, beseeching Thee to look upon the
face of Thine annointed, and, for His sake, to for-
give our iniquities, transgressions, and sins. So
renewed .inspired, and sanctified, may we make an
acceptable offering unto Thee through the Holy
Spirit. . ,
Blessed be Thy name forever in the beneficence
of Thy providence and the redeeming progress of
Thy grace in behalf of all nations! Blessed be
Thy name for this goodly land, for the brother-
hood of the peoples possessing it, and the liberty ,
equality, and strength of the Government which
controls it. Blessed be Thy name for the piety
and charity, the unity and bravery, the enterprise,
industry, and prosperity of our fathers. Blessed
be Thy name for every pure and wise and useful
citizen whose history adorns our annals. Blessed
be Thy name, especially, that the same supreme
foresight which gave Moses to Israel gave Wash-
ington to America. Blessed be Thy name for the
birth and life, the character and accomplishments,
the labors, achievements, and influence of the
model man—a patriot, a soldier, a statesman, a
magistrate, whom we thus this day remember,
not'only as " first in war, fust in peace, and first
in the hearts of his countrymen," but als > as
first in the admiration and veneration of mankind.
Blessed be Thy name that Washington was a man
of prayer, that he called upon Thee, not only in
private, but in public also; that he trusted in
Christ, and drew near to the mercy-seat; that m
accepting office and fulfilling1 office and resigning
office, he called upon Thee, commending himself
to Thy favor and his country to Thy blessing.
Blessed be Thy name for his farewell address, for
the sentiment? it contains, and his owp recom-
mendation that frequently review
And remembering that Thou*art the God.npt of
the dead, butoftheliving—for all live un(<} fJiee
—and tliatWa^hirigtonisnow as conscioji^y f«nd
visibly present with Thee as we our.selyes are,
though the tiii}e of supplication has-been closed
to him, still we, in his spirit, in his name, wojifd
turn on this occasion }iis earthly v*o\vs into sup-
plication at Thy throne, that the choicest tokens
of Thy beneficence may still be continued unto
us; that the free Constitution transmitted unto us
may be sacredly maintained; that it^ administra-
tion in every department may be stamped with
wisdom and virtue, and that.the happiness of the
people, under the auspices of liberty, may be i)iade
complete by so paj-efsjl an observanpe of it,that
every nation which is yet a stnipgcr to it may jie
induced to gtve.it applause, and regard it with
affectionate devfiti.on.
And now, 0 Lord our God, in whose heayejt
there is no sin, no disease, no violence, no death;
and therefore no sorrow, we cannot close ,ou,r
prayer without a thought of onr Beloved Presi-
dent and his wpeping household, and without a
thought of the pale beauty that repose# among
them, to bloom on earth 110 more forever. Ah,
Lord God, from eternity to eternity Thou art the
Li ving One, but we are beings of a breathed crea-
tures of amoijient. Our cherished sifter, i|i,e ^vid-
owed Queen of England, silently ipourns in Ijer
island hoijie, and here, our national mansion is
darkened and still, and all over our country an.d
all over the world, spiitten hearts, smitten almost
unto breaking, waitiu faith and patience and hope
before Thee. God be merciful to us miserable sin-
ners; pardon and sanctify and save us all.
And now once more, behold, 0 Lord, our south-
ern brethren. Disappoint, deteot, and utterly
overthrow the plans, the atrocious and treason-
able plans of their leaders; and may the people
themselves, who have been so grossly deceived,
soon lay down the arms which they ought never
to have taken up, and return to the common love
which waitj3 to embrace them. And O Thou,
Most High, let not the vindictive purposes of Thy
providence,or the progress of social redemption be
staytfd for a moment.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy
name; Thy kingdom come; Thy will be done on
earth as it is done in heaven; give us this day our
daily bread; and forgive usour debts as weforgi.ve
our debtors; and dead us not into temptation, but
deliver us from evil; for Thine is the kingdom, arid
the power, and the glory, forever. Amen.
The Secretary of the Senate, John W. For-
nev, Esq., read Washington's Farewell Address,
as follows:
Friends and FelloiO'Cilizeus: .
The period for a new election of a citizen to ad-
minister the Executive Government of the United
States being not far distant, and the time actually
arrived when your thoughts must bo employed in
designating the person who is to be clothed with
that important trust, it appears to me proper, es-
pecially as it m,ay conduce to a more distinct ex-
pression of the public voic.e, that I should now
apprise you of the resolution 1 have formed, to
decline being considered among the number of
those out .of whom a choice is to be made.
I beg you, at the same time, to do me the jus-
tice to be .assured that this resolution has not been
taken without a strict regard to all the consider-
ations appertaining to the relation which binds a
dutiful citizen to his country; and that in with-
drawing the tender of service, which, silence, in
my situation, might imply, I ain influenced by no
diminution of zeal for your future interest; no
deficiency of grateful respect for your past kind-
ness; but am supported by a full conviction that
the step is compatible with both.
The acceptance of, and continuance hitherto in
the office to which your suffrages have twice
called me, have been a uniform sacrifice of incli-
nation to the opinion of duty, and to a deference
for whatappeared to be your desire. I constantly
