416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 17,
STth Cong....2d Sees.
Laws of the United States.
honor, patriotism", and subordination; to be vigi-
lant in inspecting the conduct of all who may be
placed under their command; to guard against
and suppress all dissolute and immoral practices,
afid to correct all who maybe guilty of them, ac-
cording to the laws and regulations of the Navy,
upon pain of such punishmentas a general court-
martial may think proper to inflict.
Art. 2. The commanders of vessels and naval
stations, to which chaplains are attached, shall
cause divine service to be performed on Sunday,
whenever the weather anil other circumstances
will allow it to be done; and it is earnestly rec-
ommended to all officers, seamen, and others in
the naval service, diligently to attend at every per-
formance of the worship of Almighty God. Any
irreverent or unbecoming behavior Auring divine
service shall be punished as a general or sum-
mary court-martial,shall direct.
Art. 3. The punishment of death, or such other
punishmentas a court-martial shall adjudge, may
be inflicted on any person in the naval service—
First. Who shall make, or attempt to make, or
unite with, any mutinous assembly, or knowing
of the same, or of any intended mutiny, shall not
forthwith communicate it to his superior or com-
manding officer, or being witness to, or present
at, any mutiny, shall not do his utmost to sup-
press it;
Second. Or shall disobey the lawful orders of
his superior officer, or strike or assault, or attempt
or threaten to strike or assault him, while in the
execution of the duties of his office;
Third. Or shall give, hold, or entertain any in-
tercourse or intelligence to or with any enemy or
rebel, without leave from thePresidentof the Uni-
ted States, the Secretary of the Navy, the com-
mander-in-chief of the fleet, or the commander of
a squadron; or, in case of a vessel acting singly,
from his commanding officer;
Fourth. Or shall desert, or entice others to de-
sert to an enemy or rebel;
Fifth. Or shall receive any message or letter
from an enemy or rebel, or be aware of the un-
lawful reception of such letter or message, and
fail to take the earliest opportunity to inform his
superior or commanding officer thereof;
Sixth. Or shall, in time of war, desert or betray
his trust, or entice or aid others to desert or betray
their trust, or shall sleep upon his watch, or leave
his station before regularly relieved;
Seventh. Or shall intentionally or willfully suf-
fer any vessel of the Navy to be stranded or run
upon rocksor shoals, or improperly hazarded, or
shall willfully or maliciously injure any vessel of
the Navy, or any part of her tackle, armament,
or equipment, whereby the safety of the vessel
shall be hazarded, or the lives of the crew ex-
posed to danger, or shall set on fire or otherwise
unlawfully destroy any public property not then
in the possession of an enemy, pirate, or rebel;
Eighth. Or shall strike, or attempt to strike, the
flag to an enemy or rebel without proper author-
ity, or when engaged in battle shall treacherously
yield or pusillanimously cry for quarter;
Ninth. Or shall in time of battle display cow-
ardice, negligence, or disaffection, or withdraw
from or keep out of danger to which he should
expose himself; or shall desert his duty or station,
or entice others to do so; or shall not properly
observe the orders of his commanding officer and
use his utmost exertions to carry them into exe-
cution, when ordered to prepare for, join in, or
when actually engaged in battle, or while in sight
of an enemy;
Tenth. Or when commanding a fleet, squadron,
or vessel acting singly, shall,upon the probability
of an engagement, or on sight of any armed ves-
sel of an enemy or rebel, neglect to prepare and
clear his ship for action; or shall not, upon signal
for battle, use his utmost exertions to join in bat-
tle, or shall fail to encourage in his own person
his inferior officers and men to fightcourageously;
or shall not do his utmost to overtake and"capture'
or destroy any vessel which it is his duty to en-
counter; or shall not afford all practicable relief
and assistance to vessels belonging to the United
States or their allies when engaged in battle.
Art. 4. Spies, and all persons who shall come
or be found in the capacity of spies, or who shall
bring or deliver any seducing le.tter or message
from an enemy or rebel, or endeavor to corrupt
any person in the Navy to betray his trust, shall
suffer death, or such other punishment as a court-
martial shall adjudge.
Art. 5. The crime of murder, when committed
by an officer, seaman, marine, or other person be-
longing to any public ship or vessel of the United
States, without the territorial jurisdiction of the
same, may be punished with death by the sen-
tence of a court-martial.
Art. 6. In any case where a naval court-mar-
tial is authorized to adjudge the punishment of
death it may sentence the person convicted to im-
prisonment for life, or for a stated term, at hard
labor, and such sentences of imprisonment and
hard labor may be carried into execution in any
prison or penitentiary under the control of the
United States, or the use of which shall be al-
lowed by the Legislature of a State; and persons
convicted by a court-martial and imprisoned in
the prison or penitentiary of any State or Terri-
tory shall in all respects be subject to the same
discipline and treatment and under the same con-
trol as convicts sentenced by the courts of the
State or Territory in which such prison or peni-
tentiary is situated.
Art. 7. Such punishment as a court-martial
shall adjudge may be inflicted on any person in
the Navy:
First. Who shall be guilty of cruelty, oppres-
sion, or maltreatment of those subject to his orders;
Second. Or shall be guilty of profane swearing,
falsehood, drunkenness, gambling, fraud, theft,
or any other scandalous conduct tending to the
destruction of good morals;
Third. Or shall quarrel with, strike, or assault
any other person in the Navy, or use provoking or
reproachful words, gestures, or menaces, or en-
deavor to foment quarrels between other persons
in the Navy, or send or accept a challenge to fight
a duel, or act as second in a duel;
Fourth. Or shall treat with contempt his supe-
rior officer, or be disrespectful to him in language
or deportment whilst in the execution of his
office; or shall join in or abet any combination
to weaken the lawful authority of, or lessen the
respect due to his commanding officer;
Fifth. Or shall be negligent or careless in obey-
ing orders, or culpably inefficient in the perform-
ance of duty;
Sixth. Or shall knowingly make or sign, or shall
aid, abet, direct, or procure the making or signing
any false muster, or shall execute, or attempt or
countenance any fraud against the United States,
or shall waste, embezzle, or fraudulently buy,
sell, or receive any ammunition, provisions, or
other public stores, or, having the power to pre-
vent it, shall knowingly permit such waste, em-
bezzlement, sale, or receipt;
Seventh. Or shall, through inattention or negli-
gence, suffer any vessel of the Navy to be stranded
or run upon a rock or shoal, or hazarded;
Eighth. Or shall, when on shore, plunder, abuse,
or maltreat any inhabitant or injure his property
in any way;
Ninth. Or shall refuse or fail to use his utmost
exertions to detect, apprehend, and bring to pun-
ishment all offenders, and aid and assist all per-
sons appointed for the purpose;
Tenth. Or shall, in time of peace, desert or at-
tempt to desert, or aid or entice others to desert;
or shall be absent from his station or duty without
leave, or after his leave shall have expired;
Eleventh. Or shall, when rated or acting as
master-at-arms, refuse to receive such prisoners
as shall be committed to his charge, or having re-
ceived them shall suffer them to escape, or dismiss
them without orders from the proper authority;
Twelfth. Or shall, when attached to any ship or
vessel appointed as convoy to merchant or other
vessels, fail diligently to perform his duty,or shall
demand or exact any compensation for his ser-
vices, or shall maltreat the officers or crews of such
merchant or other vessels;
Thirteenth. Or shall take, receive, or permit to
be received on board the vessel to which he is at-
tached any goods or merchandise for freight, sale
or traffic, except gold, silver, or jewels, for freight
or safe-keeping, or shall demand or receive any
compensation for the receipt or transportation of
any other article than gold, silver, or jewels, with-
out authority from the President of the United
States or the Secretary of the Navy;
Fourteenth. Or shall violate or refuse obedience
to any lawful general order or regulation issued
by the Secretary of the Navy;
Art. 8. AH offenses committed by persons be-
longing to the Navy, which are not specified ill
the foregoing articles,shall be punished as a court-
martial shall direct; but in no ease shall punish-
ment by flogging be inflicted, nor shall any court-
martial adjudge punishment by flogging.
Art. 9. All offenses committed by persons
belonging to the Navy, while on shore, shall be
punished in the same manner as if they had been
committed at sea.
Art. 10. No commander of a vessel of the
Navy shall inflict any other punishment upon a
commissioned or warrant officer than private rep-
rimand, suspension from duty, arrest or confine-
ment, neither of which shall continue longer than
ten days, except a further period be necessary to
bring the offender to a court-martial; nor shall he
inflict, or cause or permit to be inflicted, upon any
petty officer or person of inferior rating, or marine,
any punishment for a single offense or at any one
time other than one of the following punishments,
viz;
First. Reduction of any rating established by
himself.
Second. Confinement with or without irons, sin-
gle or double, such.confinement not to exceed ten
days, unless necessary in the case of a prisoner
to be tried by court-martial.
Third. Solitary confinement on bread and water
not exceeding five days.
Fourth. Solitary confinement not exceeding
seven days.
Fifth. Deprivation of liberty on shore.
Sixth. Extra duties.
No other punishment shall be permitted on
board of vessels belonging to the Navy, except by
sentence of a general or summary court-martial.
Summary courts-martial may disrate any rated
pel-soil for incompetency. All punishments in-
flicted by the commander, or by his order, except
reprimands, shall be fully entered upon the ship's
log.
Art. 11. General courts-martial may be con-
vened asoften as thePresidentof theUnited States,
the Secretary of the Navy, or cOmmanSer-in-chief
of a fleet or squadron shall deem it necessary:
Provided, That in the waters of the United States
no commander-in-chief of a fleet or squadron shall
convene a general court-martial unless by express
authority from the President of the United States:
Provided also, That no general court-inai tial shall
consist of more than thirteen nor less than five
commissioned officers as members; and as many
officers shall be summoned on every such court
as can be convened without injury to the service,
so as not to exceed thirteen; and the senior officer
shall always preside, the others taking place ac-
cording to their rank; and in no case where it can
be avoided without injury to the service shall more
than one half the members, exclusive of the pres-
ident, be junior to the officer to be tried.
Art. 12. The president of the court is author-
ized and required to administer the following oath
or affirmation to the judge-advocate or person
officiating as such: " I, A B, do swear (or affirm)
that 1 will keep a true record of the evidence given
to, and the proceedings of, this*couri; nor will I
divulge or by any means disclose the sentence of
the court until it shall have been approved by the
proper authority; nor will I at any time divulge
or disclose the vote or opinion of any particular
member of the court, unless required so to do be-
foreacourt of justice in due course of law." This
oath or affirmation being duly administered, each
member of the court, before proceeding to trial,
shall take the following oath or affirmation, which
the judge-advocate, or person officiating as such,
is hereby authorized to administer: " 1, A B, do
swear (or affirm) that I will truly try, without
prejudice or partiality, the case now depending,
according to the evidence which shall come before
tile court, the rules for the government of the
Navy, and my own conscience; and that I will not
by any means divulge or disclose the sentence of
the court until it shall have been approved by the
proper authority; nor will 1 at any time divulge
or disclose the vote or opinion of any particular
member of the court unless required so to do be-
fore a court of justice m due course of law."
