914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
hoped that it would have been much earlier in my
power, consistently with motives which I was not
at liberty to disregard, to return to that retirement
from which.I had been reluctantly drawn. The
strength of my inclination to do this, previous to
the last election, had even led to the preparation
of ah address to declare it to you; but mature re-
flection on the then perplexed and critical posture
of our affairs with foreign nations, and the unani-
mous advice of persons entitled to my confidence,
impelled me to abandon the idea. .
I rejoice that the state of your concerns, ex-
ternal as well as internal, no longer renders the
pursuit of inclination incompatible with the senti-
ment of duty or propriety, and am persuaded,
whatever partiality may be retained for my ser-
vices, that, in the present circumstances of our
country, you will not disapprove my determina-
tion to retire.
The impressions with which I first undertook
the arduous trust were explained on the proper
occasion. In the discharge of this trust, I will
only say that I have, with good intentions, con-
tributed towards the organization and administra-
tion of the Government the bestexertions of which
a very fallible judgment was capable. Not un-
conscious in the outset of the inferiority of my
qualifications, experience in my own eyes, per-
haps still more in the eyes of others, has strength-
ened the motives to diffidence of myself; and every
day the increasing weight of years admonishes
me more and more that the shade of retirement is
as necessary to me as it will be welcome. Satis-
fied that if any circumstances had given peculiar
value to my services, they were temporary, I have
the consolation to believe that while choice and
prudence invite me to quit the political scene,
patriotism does not forbid it.
In looking forward to the moment which is in-
tended to terminate the career of my public life,
my feelings do not permit me to suspend the deep
acknowledgment of that debt of gratitude which
I owe to my beloved country, for the many honors
it has conferred upon me; still more for the stead-
fast confidence with which it has supported me;
and for the opportunities I have thence enjoyed,
of manifesting my inviolable attachment, by ser-
vices faithful anu persevering, though m useful-
ness unequal to my zeal. If benefits have resulted
to our country from these services, let it always
be remembered to your praise, and as an instruc-
tive example in our annals, that, under circum-
stances in which the passions, agitated in every
direction, were liable to mislead, amidst appear-
ances sometimes dubious, vicissitudes of fortune,
often discouraging in situations in which, not un-
frequently, want of success has countenanced the
spirit of criticism, the constancy of your support
was the essential prop of the efforts, and a guar-
antee of the plans by which they were effected.
Profoundly penetrated with this idea, I shall carry
it with me to my grave, as a strong incitement to
unceasing vows, that Heaven may continue to
you the choicest tokens of its beneficence; that
your union and brotherly atl'ection may be per-
petual; that the free Constitution, which is the
work of your hands, may be sacredly maintained;
that its administration, in every department, may
be stamped with wisdom and virtue; that, in fine,
the happiness of the people of these States,under
the auspices of liberty, may be made complete, by
so carefula preservation, and so prudent a use of
this blessing, as will acquire to them the glory of
recommending it to the applause, the affection,
and the adoption of every nation which is yet a
stranger to it.
Here, perhaps, I ought to stop; but a solicitude
for your welfare, which cannot end but with my
life, and the apprehension of danger natural to
that solicitude, uige me, on an occasion like the
present, to offer to your solemn contemplation,
and to recommend tn your frequent review, some
sentiments,whichare the resultofmuch reflection
—of no inconsiderable observation—and which
appear to me all important to the permanency of
your felicity as a people. These will be afforded
to you with the more freedom, as you can only
see in them the disinterested warnings of a part-
ing friend, who can possibly have "no personal
motive to bias his counscl; nor can I forget, as an
encouragement to it, your indulgent reception of
my sentiments on a former and not dissimilar oc-
casion.
Interwoven as is the love of liberty with every
ligament of your hearts, no recommendation of
mine is necessary to fortify or confirm the attach-
ment.
The unity of government, which constitutes
you one people, is also now dear to you. It is
justly so; for it is a main pillar in the edifice of
your real independence; the support of yourtran-
quillity at home,your peace abroad; of your safety;
of your prosperity; of that very liberty wjiich you
so highly prize. But as it is easy to foresee, that,
from different causes and from different quarters,
much pains will be taken, many artifices employ ed,
to weaken, in your minds, the conviction of this
truth; as this is the pointin your political fortress
against which the batteries of internal and exter-
nal enemies will be most constantly and actively
(though often covertly and insidiously) directed,
it is of infinite moment that you should properly
estimate the immense value of your national Union
to your collective and individual happiness; that
you should cherish a cordial, habitual, and im-
movable attachment to it; accustoming your-
selves to think and speak of it as of the palladium
of your political safety and prosperity; watch-
ing for its preservation with jealous anxiety; dis-
countenancing whatever may suggest even a sus-
picion that it can, in any event, be abandoned;
and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning
of every attempt to alienate any portion of our
country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred
ties which now link together the various parts.
For this you have every inducement of sym-
pathy and interest. Citizens, by birth or choice,
ofa common country, that country has a right to
concentrate your affections. The name of Ameri-
can, which belongs to you in your national capa-
city, must always exalt the just pride of patriot-
ism more than any appellation derived from local
discriminations. W ith slight shades of difference,
you have the same religion, manners, habits,and
political principles. You have, in a common cause,
fought and triumphed together: the independence
and liberty you possess, are the work of joint
counsels and joint efforts, of common dangeis,
sufferings, and successes
But these considerations, however powerfully
they address themselves to your sensibility, are
greatly outweighed by those which apply more
immediately to youi interest; here every portion
of our country finds the most commanding mo-
tives for carefully guarding and preserving the
union of the whole.
The North,nil an unrestrained intercourse with
the South, protected by the equal laws of a com-
mon Government, finds, in the productions of the
latter, great additional resources of maritime and
commercial enterprise, and precious materials of
manufacturing industry. The South,in the same
intercourse, benefiting by the same agency of the
North, sees its agriculture grow, and its commerce
expand. Turning partly into its own channels the
seamen of the North, itfinds its particular naviga-
tion invigorated; and while it contributes, in differ-
ent ways, to nourish and increase the general mass
of the national navigation, it looks fonvaid to the
protection of a maritime strength, to which itself
is unequally adapted. TheEast,m like intercourse
with the West, already finds,and in the progres-
sive improvement of interior communication, by
land and water, will more and more find, a val-
uable vent for the commodities which it brings
from abroad, or manufactures at home. TheWest
derives from the East supplies requisite to its
growth and comfort; and what is perhaps of still
greater consequence, it must, of necessity, owe
the secure enjoyment of indispensable outlets for
its own productions, to the weight, influence, and
the future maritime strength of the Atlantic side
of the Union, directed by an indissoluble commu-
nity of interest as one nation. Any other tenure
by which the West can hold this essential ad-
vantage, whether derived from its own separate
strength, or from an apostate and unnatural con-
nection with any foreign Power, must be intrinsic-
ally precarious. j
While, then, every part of our country thus 1
feels an immediate and particular interest in union, i
all the paits combined cannot fail to find, in the 1
united mass of means and efforts, greater strength, j
greater resource, proportionably greater security :
trom external danger, a less frequent interruption '
of their peace by foreign nations: and what is of
inestimable value, they must derive from union
an exemption irotn those broils and wars between
themselves, which so frequently afflict neighbor-
ing countries not tied together by the same Gov-
ernment, which their own rivalships alone would
be sufficient to produce, but which opposite foreign
alliances,attachments, and intrigues, would stimu-
late and embitter. Hence,likewise, they will avoid
the necessity of those overgrown military estab-
lishments, which, under any form of govern-
ment, are inauspicious to liberty, and which are
to be regarded as particularly hostile to repub-
lican liberty; in this sense it is, that your union
ought to be considered as a main prop of your
liberty, and that the love of the one ought to en-
dear to you the preservation of the other.
These considerations speak a persuasive lan-
guage to every reflecting and virtuous mind, and
exhibit the continuance of the Union as a primary
object of patriotic desire. Is there a doubt whether
a common Government can embrace so large a
sphere? Let experience solve it. To listen to
mere speculation in such a case were criminal.
We are authorized to hope that a proper organi-
zation of the whole, with the auxiliary agency of
governments for the respective subdivisions, will
afford a happy issue to the experiment. It is well
worth a fair and full experiment. With such
powerful and obvious motives to union, affecting
all parts of our country, while experience shall
not have demonstrated its impracticability, there
will always be reason to distrust the patriotism
of those who in any quarter may endeavor to
weaken its bands.
In contemplating the causes which may disturb
our union, it occurs, as a matter of serious con-
cern, that any ground should have been furnished
for characterizing parties by geographical discrim-
inations jnorthern and southern; Atlantic and west-
ern: whence designing men may endeavor to ex-
cite a belief that there is a real difference of local
interests and views. One of the expedients of paity
to acquire influence within particular districts is to
misrepresent the opinions and aims of other dis-
tricts. You cannot shield yourselves too much
against the jealousies and heart-burnings which
spring from these misrepresentations: they tend to .
render alien to each other those who ought to be
bound together by fraternal affection. The inhab-
itants of our western country have lately had a
useful lesson on this head; they have seen in the
negotiation by the Executive, and in the unani-
mous ratification by the Senate of the treaty with
Spain, and in the universal satisfaction at that
event throughout the United States, a decisive
proof how unfounded were the suspicions prop-
agated among them, of a policy in the General
Government, and in the Atlantic States, unfriend-
ly to their interests, in regard to the Mississippi;
they have been witnesses to the formation of two
treaties; that with Great Britain and that with
Spain, which secure to them everything they could
desire in respect to our foreign relations, towards
confirming their prosperity. Will it not be their
wisdom to rely for the preservation of these ad-
vantages on the union by which they were pro-
cured Will they not henceforth be deaf to those
advisers, if such there are, who would sever them
from their brethren and connect them with aliens?
To the efficacy and permanency ofyour union,
a Government for the whole is indispensable.
No alliance, however strict between the parts,
can be an adequate substitute; they must inevi-
tably experience the infractions and interrup-
tions which all alliances, in all times, have ex-
perienced. Sensible of this momentous truth,
you have improved upon your first essay, by the
adoption of a constitution of Government better
calculated than yourformer for an intimate union,
and for the efficacious management of your com-
mon concerns. This Government, the offspring
of our own choice, uninfluenced and unawed,
adopted upon full investigation and mature de-
liberation, completely free in its principles, in the
distribution of its powers, uniting security with
energy, and containing within itself a provision
for its own amendment, has a just claim to your
confidence and your support. Respect for its au-
tlioi ity, compliance with its laws, acquiescence
in its measuies, are duties enjoined by the fun-
damental maxims of true liberty. The basis of
our political system, is the right of the people to
make and to alter their constitutions of Govern-
' ment; but the constitution which at any time ex-
. ists, till changed by an explicit and authentic act
of the whole people, is sacredly obligatory upon
