1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
Laws of the United States.
3fan Cong....2d Sess.
Art. 13. All testimony given toageneral court-
martial shall be on oath or affirmation, which
the president of the com t is hereby authorized to
administer; and if any person shall refuse to give
his evidence as aforesaid, or shall prevaricate, or
shall behave with contempt to the court, it shall
and may be lawful for tins court to imprison such
offender at their disci etion: Provided, That the
imprisonmentin no caso.shall exceed two months.
And every person who shall commit willful per-
jury on examination on oath or affirmation before
such court, or who shall corruptly procure, or
suborn, any person to commit such willful per-
jury, shall and may be prosecuted by indictment
or information in any court of justice of the Uni-
ted Status, and shall suffer such penalties as are
authorized by the laws of the United States in
cases of perjury, or the subornation thereof. And
in every piosecution for perjury, or the suborna-
tion thereof under this act, if shall be sufficient to
set forth the offense charged on the defendant,
without setting forth the authority by which the
court was held, or the particular matters brought
or intended to be brought before said court.
Art. 14. The following oath shall be adminis-
tered to witnesses before courts-martial and courts
of inquiry: "You do solemnly swear (or affiim,
as the case may be) that the evidence you shall
give in the case now before this court shall be the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,
and that you will state everything within your
knowledge and recollection in relation to the
charges." So help you God," (or this you do
under the pains and penalties of perjury.)
Art. 15. The person accused shall be furnished
with a true copy of the charges, with the specifi-
cations, at the time lie is put under arrest; nor
shall any other charges than those so exhibited
be urged against the person to be tried before the
court, unless it appear to the court that intelli-
gence nf such charge had not reached the officer
ordering the court when the person so tried was
put under arrest, or that some witness material to
the support of such charge, who was at that time
absent, can be produced, m which case reason-
able time shall be given to the person to be tried
to make his defense against such new charge.
Every officer so arrested is to deliver up his sword
to his commanding officer,and to confine himself
to the limits assigned him, under the pain of dis-
mission from the service.
Art. 16. When the proceedings of any general
court-martial shalHiave commenced, they shall not
be suspended or delayed on account of the absence
of any of the members, provided five or more be
assembled; but the court is enjoined to sit from
day to day, Sundays excepted, until sentence be
given, unless temporarily adjourned by the au-
thoiity which convened the court. And no mem-
bci of said court shall, after the proceedings are
bcirun, absent himself thciefrom, unless in case of
sickness or orders to go on duty from a superior
officer, on pain of being cashiered.
Art. 17. If a member of a court-martial shall,
from any legal cause, fail to attend after the com-
mencement'of a case, and witnesses shall be ex-
amined duiing his absence, the court must, when
he is ready to resume his seat, cause every per-
son who may have been examined in his absence
to be called into couit, and the recorded testi-
mony of each witness must be read over to him,
and such witness must acknowledge the same to
be correct, and be subject to such fiirthcrexamm-
atmn as the said member may require; and with-
out a compliance with this rule, and an entry ot
it upon the record, a member who shall have
been absent during the examination of a witness
shall not be allowed to sit again in that particu-
lar case. .
Art. 18. Whenever a court-maitial shall sen-
tence an officer to be suspended, the court shall
have the power to suspend his pay and emolu-
ments for the whole or any part of the time of
his suspension.
Art. 19 All sentences of courts-martial winch
shall extend to the loss of life shall require the
concurrence of two thirds of the members pres-
ent, and no such sentence shall be carried into
••xecution until confirmed by the President of the
United States. All other sentences may_be^dc-
let mined by a majority of votes, and carried into
execution on confirmation of the commander of
New Series—No. 2?.
the fleet, or officer ordering the court, except such
as go to the dismission of a commissioned or war-
rant officer, winch are first to bo approved by the
President of the United States.
Art. 20. Every officer who is by this act au-
thoiized to convene courts-martial shall have
power on revisal of its proceedings to remit or
mitigate, but not to commute the sentence of any
such court, which by this act he is authorized to
approve and confirm.
Art. 21. It shall be the duty of a court-mar-
tial, in alt cases of conviction, to adjudge a punish-
ment adequate to the character and nature of the
offense committed; but the members of a court
may recommend the person convicted asdesei vmg
of clemency, and state on the record their reasons
foi so doing.
Art. 23.' The judgment of every court-martial
shall be authenticated by the signature of the
president; and all the members of the same who
may be present when the said judgment shall be
pronounced, and also of the judge-advocate.
Art. 23. Courts of inquiry may be ordered by
the President of the United States, the Secretary
of the Navy, or the commander of afleetorsquad-
ron, provided such court shall not consist of more
than three menibeis, who shall be commissioned
officers, and a judge-advocate, or person to do
duty as such: and such courts shall have power
to summon witnesses,administer oaths,and pun-
ish contempt, in the same manner as courts-mar-
tial. But such courts shall merely state facts, and
not give their opinion unless expressly required
so to do in the order for convening; and the party
whose conduct shall be the subject of inquiry, or
his attorney, shall have permission to cross-ex-
amine all the witnesses.
Art. 24. The proceedings of the courts of in-
quiry shall be authenticated by the signature of
the president of the court and judge-advocate, and
shall, in all cases not capital, or extending to the
dismission of a commissioned or warrant officer, be
evidence before a court-martial, provided oral testi-
mony cannot be obtained.
Art. 25. The judge-advocate, or person offi-
ciating as such, shall administer to the membeis
the following oath or affirmation: " You do swear
(or affirm) well and tiuly to examine and inquire,
accoidmg to the evidence, into the matter now
before you, without partiality or picjudiee."
After which the president shall administer to the
jud,re-advocate, or person officiating as such, the
'following oath or affirmation: "You do swear
(or affirm) truly to record the proceedings ot this
court and the evidence to be given in tlie case m
heating."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
ceeds of all ships and vessels, and the goods taken
on boaid of them, which shall be adjudged good
prize, shall, when of equal or superior force to
the vessel or vessels malting the capture, be the
sole property of the captors*, and when of infe-
rior force, shall be equally divided between the
United States and the officers and men making the
capture.
Sec. 3. An d be it further enacted, That the prize
money belonging to the officers and men shall be
distributed m the following manner:
Fint. To the commanding officer of a fleet or
squadron, one twentieth part of all prize money
awarded to a vessel or vessels under his imme-
diate command. . .
Second To the commander of a single ship,
one tenth part of all prize money awarded to the
shin, under his commander, if such ship, at the
time of making the capture, was under the im-
mediate command of the commanding officer of a
fleet or squadron,and three twentienths if his ship
was acting independently of such superior officer.
Thu-d. The share of the commanding officer of
the #<:t or squadron, if any, and the share of the
commander of the ship,being deducted, the resi-
due shall be distributed and apportioned among
all others doing duty on boaid,and borne upon the
books, according to their respective rates of pay in
the service. ,T
Fourth. When one or more vessels of the Navy
ohall be within signal distance ofanothei malting
a prize, all shall share in the prize, and money
awarded shall be apportioned among the officers
and men of the several vessels according to the
I rates of pay of all on board who are borne upon
the books, after deducting one twentieth to the
flag-officer, if there be any such entitled to share
Fifth. No commander of a fleet or squadron
shall be entitled to receive any share of prizes
taken by vessels not under his immediate com-
mand; nor of such prizes as may have been taken
by ships or vessels intended to bo placed under his
command before they have acted under his imme-
diate orders, nor shall a commander of a fleet or
squadron, leaving the station where he had the
command, have any share in the prizes taken by
ships left on such station after he has gone out of
the limils of Ins said command, nor after he has _
transferred his command to a successor.
Sixth. No officer or other person who shall
have been temporarily absent on duty fiom the
vessel, on the books of which he continued to be
borne while so absent, shall be deprived, in con-
sequence of such absence, of any prize money to
which ho would otherwise be entitled.
Sec. 4. Atul be it further enacted, That a bounty
shall be paid by the United States for each per-
son on board any ship or vessel-of-war belong-
ing to an enemy at the commencement of an en-
gagement which shall be sunk or otherwise
destroyed in such engagement, by any ship or
vessel belonging to the United States, or which
it may be necessary to destroy in consequences
of injuries sustained in action, of one hundred
dollars, if the enemy's vessel was of inferior force;
and of two hundred dollars, if of equal or supe-
rior force; to be divided among the officers and
crew m the same manner as prize money; and
when the actual number of men on board any
such vessel cannot be satisfactorily ascertained,
it shall be estimated according to the complement
allowed to vessels of their class in the Navy of
the United States; and there shall be paid as
bounty to the captors of any vessel-of-war cap-
tured from an enemy, which they may be in-
structed to destroy, or which shall be immedi-
ately destroyed for the public interest but not in
consequence of injuries received in action, fifty
dollars for every person who shall be on board at
the time of such capturc.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the com-
manding officer of every vessel, or the senior of-
ficers of all vessels of the Navy, which shall cap-
ture or seize upon any vessel or vessels as a prize,
shall carefully preserve all the papers and writ-
ings found on board, and transmit the whole of
the originals, unmutilated, to tlie judge of the
district to which such prize is ordered to proceed,
with the necessary witnesses, and a report of the
circumstances attending the capture, stating the
names of vessels claiming a share thereof; and the
commanding officer of every vessel in the Navy
entitled to or claiming an award of prize money
shall, as early as practicable after the capture,
transmit to the Navy Department a complete list
of the officers and men of his vessel entitled to
shore, inserting thereon the quality of every per-
son rating, 011 pain of forfeiting his whole share of
prize money resulting from such capture, and suf-
fering such further punishment as a court-martial
shall adjudge.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any
armed vessel m the service of the United States
which shall make a capture, or assist in a cap-
ture, under circumstances which would entitle a
vessel of the Ntiv.y to prize money, shall be enti-
tled to an award of prize money in the same man-
ner as if such vessel belonged to the Navy; and
such prize money shall be distributed and appor-
tioned in the same manner and under the same
rules and regulations as provided for persons in
the naval scrvice, and paid under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy.
Sec . 7. And be it further enacted, 1 hat no per-
son in the Navy shall take out of a prize, or ves-
sel seized as a prize, any money, plate, goods, 01
any part of her equipment, unless it be for the bet-
ter preservation thereof, or absolutely necessaiy
for the use of any of the vessels or armed forces
of the United States, before the same shall be
adjudged lawful prize by a competent court; but
the whole, without fraud, concealment, or embez-
zlement, shall be brought in, and judgment passed
thereon, upon pain that every person offending
herein shall forfeit his share of the capture, and
suffer such further punishment as a court-martial
shall adjudge.
