1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
Laws of the United States.
37th Cong....2d Sess.
required of persons in the civil service of the Uni-
ted States by the provisions of the act of Congress
approved August sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the oath
or affirmation herein provided for in the first sec-
tion of this act may be taken before any justice
of the peace, notary public, or other person who
is legally authorized to administer an oath in the
St^te or district where the same may be admin-
istered; and that any violation of such oath by
any person or persons taking the same shall
subjcct the offender to all the pains and penalties
of willful and corrupt perjury, who shall be lia-
ble to be indicted and prosecuted to conviction
for any such offense before any court having com-
petent jurisdiction thereof.
Approved, July 17, 1862.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution expressive of tbe Rec-
ognition by Congress ofthegallantand patriotic
Services of the late Brigadier General Nathaniel
Lyon, and the Officers and Soldiers under his
command at the Battle of Springfield, Missouri.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, 1. That Congress deems it just and
proper to enter upon its records a recognition of
the eminent and patriotic services of the late Brig-
adier General Nathaniel Lyon. The country to
whose service he devoted his life will guard and
preserve his fame as a part of its own glory.
2. That the thanks of Congress are hereby given
to the brave officers and soldiers who, under the
command of the late General Lyon, sustained the
honor of the flag and achieved victory against over-
whelming numbers at the battle of Springfield, in
Missouri; and that, in order to commemorate an
event so honorable to the country and to them-
selves, it is ordered that each regiment engaged
shall bo authorized to bear upon its colors the
word " Springfield," embroidered in letters of
gold; and the President of the United States is
hereby requested to cause these resolutions to be
read at the head of every regiment in the Army
of the United States.
Approved, December 24, 1861.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution explanatory of an Act
entitled " An Act to increase the Duties on Tea,
Coffee, and Sugar," approved twenty-fourth of
December, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to per-
mit goods warehoused at the date of the passage
of " An act to increase the duties on tea, coiFue,
and sugar," approved December twenty-fourth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one,to be withdrawn
on payment of the duties imposed by the act en-
titled An act to provide an increased revenue
from imports, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved August fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one; and to refund
anycxcess of duties above those imposed bysaid
last mentioned act, which may have been collected
on such goods already withdrawn, any laws or
parts of laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, January XI, 1862.
No. 3.—JointResolution authorizing Henry Saw-
yer to accept a Medal.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Henry Sawyer, consul to Suri-
nam, bo, and he is hereby, authorized to accept
the medal recently transmitted to him by the King
of Holland, for an act of humanity in an effort to
save the life of a subject of that kingdom.
Approved, January 11, 1862.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution for the sale of the Rums
of the Washington Infirmary.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatthe Commissioncrof Public Build-
ings be, and hereby is, directed to sell at public
auction all the material, building and otherwise,
now remaining on Judiciary Square, of the late
" Washington Infirmary," with the condition that
the same be removed by the purchaser or pur-
chasers within a reasonable time from the day of
sale, to be fixed by the Commissioner, and the
avails of said sale may be used by the Commis-
sioner to pay for the taking care of said property
since the fire, and to the improvement of said Ju-
diciary Square, he rendering his accounts in the
usual manner to the Treasury for the same.
Approved, January 18, 1862.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to transfer certain balances
of an Appropriation for Printing of the Second
Session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress to the
sum appropriated for the First Session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Whereas the appropriation for supplying the
deficiencies in the appropriations for printing or-
dered to be executed by the first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress has been exhausted, leav-
ing a balance to be provided for of five thousand
six hundred and eight dollars and seventy*-one
cents, and said printing having been completed;
and whereas there remains of the appropriation for
printing ordered at the second session of theThn ty-
Sixth Congress a balance of twenty-five thousand
six hundred and eight dollars and fifty-five cents,
which will not be required,as the printing for the
second session Thirty-Sixth Congress has been
completed and paid for: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be
directed to transfer from the balance of the appro-
priation now standing to the credit of said appro-
priation on the books of the Treasury for print-
ing for the second session Thirty-Sixth Congress,
a sum sufficient to meet the outstanding claim for
printing for the first session Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress.
Approved, January 21, 1862.
No. 6.—JointResolution declaratory of the pur-
poses of Congress to imposaiti Tax.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in order to pay the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government, the interest on the
national loc>ns, and have an ample sinking fund
for the ultimate liquidation of all public debts, a
tax shall be imposed which shall, with the tariff
on imports, secure an annual revenue of not less
than one hundred and fifty million dollars.
Approved, January 21, 1862.
_No. 7.—A Resolution authorizing certain Officers
of the Navy to accept Presents offered by the
Japanese Government.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Captain W. W. McKean, com-
mander of the United States steam frigate Niag-
ara, and such of the officers of that vessel during
her late voyage to Japan, and other officers of the
Navy as may yet remain in the service of the
United States, be authorized to accept the pres-
ents recently transmitted to this"*Government for
presentation to them by the Government of Japan.
Approved, January 25, 1862.
No. 8.—A Resolution for payment of the Ex-
penses of the Joint Committee of Congress ap-
pointed to inquire into the Conduct of the War.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum often thousand doliais,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, to pay the ex-
penses of the joint committee of Congress, ap-
pointed to inquire into the conduct of the present
war; and thar said sum shall be drawn from the
Treasury, upon the order of the Secretary of the
Senate, as the same shall be required from time
to time by the committee having such investiga-
tion in charge.
Approved, January 27, 1862.
No. 9.—A Resolution in relation to Allotment.
Certificates of Pay to persons held as Piisoners
of War in the so-called confederate States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be author-
ized to procure from such officers and enlisted
men of the United States Army as are now or
hereafter may be held as prisoners of war in the
so-called confederate States, from time to time,
their respective allotments of their pay to their
families or friends, certified by them in writing,
and only attested in pursuance of such orders as
may be made for that purpose by the Secretary
of War, and upon which certified allotment the
stvid Secretary of War shall cause drafts to be
made payabW in the city of New York, or Bos-
ton, to the order of such persons to whom said
allotments were, or may be made, and to remit
said drafts to the address of such person as may
be designated in said allotment tickets.
Approved, February 6, 1862.
No. 10.—A Resolution for the collection of War
Statistics.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives cf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in order to develops, concentrate,
and bring into effective action the mechanical and
other resources of the United States, for the sup-
pression of the rebellion and the future defense
of this Government, the Superintendent of the
Census be authorized to furnish the Secretary of
War with such war statistics as from time to
time the Secretary may judge necessary for the
use of his Department.
Approved, February 22, 1862.
No. 11,—A Resolution tendering the Thanks of
Congress to Captain Samuel P. Du Pont, and
Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines
under his command, for the Victory at Port
Royal.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress be, and
they are hereby, tendered to Captain Samuel F.
Du Pont, and through him to the officers, petty
officers, seamen, and marines^'attached to the
squadron under his command, for the decisive
and splendid victory achieved at Port Royal, on
the seventh day of November last.
Approved, February 22, 1862.
No. 12.—A Resolution giving the Thanks of
Congress to the Officers, Soldiers, and Seamen
of the Army and Navy, for their Gallantry m
the recent brilliant Viciones over the enemies
of the Union and the Constitution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are due,
and are hereby tendered to the officers, soldiers,
and seamen of the Army and Navy of the United
States, for the heroic gallantry that, under the
Pi ovidence of Almighty God, has won the recent
series of brilliant victories over the enemies of the
Union and the Constitution.
Approved, February 22, 1862.
]S[o. 13.—A Resolution for the Relief of the loyal
portion of the Cieek, Seminole, Chickasaw,and
Choctaw Indians.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
authorized to pay out of the annuities payable to
the Sominolcs, Creeks, Chocfaws, and Chicka-
saws, and which have not been paid in conse-
quence of the cessation of intercourse with those
tribes, so much of the same as may be necessary
to be applied to the relief of such portions of said
tribes as have remained loyal to the UnifedStates,
and have been or may be diiven from their homes
in the Indian Territory into the State of Kansas
or elsewhere.
Approved, February 22, 1862.
