$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
the main branch of that road much the larger por-
tion ni" the transportation that it has done for the
Government; and yet because of the grant of land
which was made u> the Pacific railroad, although
it has consti Udell two branch) s to the road, it is
require d now lliat tin y shall do this transporta-
tion fur nothing; that the past transportation shall
be without consideration, and that future trans-
portation shall be without pay. This is assur-
edly unjust. Why ? 1 will state that outof this
whole liuid grant only $163,000 have been realized
by this company. There have been completed
from St. Louis to Rolla. on the southwest branch,
the branch to which the grant was made, one
Hundred and fourteen or one hundred and fifteen
miles of road. .There is a distance of one hun-
dred and twenty-five miles between Rolla and
Springfield, the. point to which they were com-
pelled to complete this road by June 10,1862,
which they cannot nowpossibly complete in order
to retain the lands; and in the course of a very
short time, unless there be some other legislation
on the part of Congress, these lands will revert to
the Government of the United States. Then, sir,
here is a main line of one hundred and eighty-nine
miles of road that has been exclusively engaged
in the transportation of persons and property for
the Government of the Uniti d Slates, and the only
connection that it has with the branch that has
the benefit of the lands in question is, that it is
being constructed by the same company, and yet
this transportation is required to he done for notll-
ivig. As t have said, §163,000 have been realized
from the salcofVands on that road,and thatisall,
and the remaining land will revert to the Govern-
ment of the United States unless Congress shall
relieve the company from the forfeiture.
It will be recollected that it was provided in
those grants of land by Congress that the alter-
nate sections retained by the Government should
not be sold for less than $2 50 per acre, double
the price at which the public lands were then
being sold; in other words, the sections retained
by the Government were put at double price; and
owing to the stimulus created by the idea that
roads were to be constructed through the State
immediately , the Government realized upon the
' lands it retained, and sold out every acre of land,
i believe, on the Hannibal and St. Joseph and the
Pacific lines for §2 50 per acre.
It may be answered to this argument that if
the Government could sell for $2 50 per acre, the
railroad companies might have done the same;
that the railroad companies can present no claim
upon the kindness of ibis body in consequence of
the fact that the Government has sold these lands
at double price, at which the railroad companies
might also have sold them. That is not tlie case.
The railroad companies could not sell an acre of
this land except on each side of the railroad after
the construction of each twenty miles of it. They
were thus limited in the sales; and in order to
raise means to construct the road they had to go
to tbeLi gislaturo of Missouri,and to procure from
thut body State bonds; and the Pacific Railroad
Company mortgaged every acre of that land to
the State of Missouri for the loan of the credit of
the State.
Then, sir, they were doubly prevented making
sale of the lands, even though they could have
realized large prices for them. In the first place,
they were limited by the act of Congress itself,
and by the act of the Legislature; and in the sec-
ond place, they were limited in consequence ofthc
mortgage or lien that they had created upon the
road for the loan of the credit of the State of Mis-
souri. They have, therefore, been unable to sell
the lands; the lands are still lying there; and al-
though the Government has realized from the in-
creased price of the reserved sections of the lands,
arising from the fact that there were railroads to be
made through the State, and the money has been
poured into the Treasury here, the railroad compa-
nies themselves have been compelled to hold on to
their lands until this general min and prostration of
everything has eome in my State; and now we are
to he turned off without any consideration. What
are those lands worth to-day? Land in Missouri
that was really worth from fifteen to twenty dollars
per acre prior to this accursed rebellion, is not now
worth twenty-five cents an acre; it cannot be sold
for anything. From 1857 it lias been bad enough;
.but since the inauguration of these difficulties in
Missouri', I undertake to lay that land is worth
nothing at all, and will not be worth anything
until peace again returns; and it cannot possibly
be, divided as we are there. Civil war has been
raging from one end of tke State to the other, and
everything like business has been prostrated; our
cities have been depopulated;our towns have been
stripped of their wealth, and tHere is nothing but
the blackness of night throughout the State. I
might continue the picture; but it is unnecessary.
Everybody knows the condition of the pfeople of
Missouri at present.
The Hannibal and St. Joseph road, so far as
their lands are concerned, are in a similar con-
dition . They still hold their lands, while the Gov-
ernment has realized from its land along the line of
the road. It is true the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road completed their road in time to have sold their
lands very well; but here was a difficulty: it will
be remembered by Senators that in 1854, during
the progress of the construction of the roads, and
long before their completion and after the Govern-
ment had realized $2 50 per acre upon a large part
of its lands, the Government reduced the price of
public lands in Missouri to twelve and a half cents
per acre. That operated very injuriously upon
these railroad companies, because, owing to the
large quantity of land then vacant in Missouri, in-
dividuals could buy, at a distance of seven, eight,
and ten miles from the railroads, at twelve and a
half cents per acre; and it was not likely that they
would go nearer and pay $2 50, the price which
the Government itself placed. on the land, and
therefore the railroad companies could not have
sold their lands.
I really think that the Judiciary Committee in
the House of Representatives have not placed this
matter in its true light. It is true, I do not think
these railroad companies ought to charge the Gov-
ernment of the United States the full price that
they charge individuals, in consequence of these
grants of land, although they have them on their
hands and can realize nothing upon them until
after these troubles shall have passed away; but
I think the Government should pay the roads for
the work they have done. Why? We have had
possession of these roads; we were compelled to
take military possession of them; they have been
in possession of the military power of the State
ever since early last spring; and without them, I
undertake to say we could not have conquered the
rebellion in the State of Missouri. They have
been a mighty engine in the hands of the Govern-
ment. They have been the means through which
we have been enabled to hold Missouri.
There i3 another fact that ought to be presented.
The gentlemen who have been conducting the rail-
roads in Missouri are loyal beyond question. They
have upon all occasions favored the Government.
They have done everything that they possibly
could to forward the views and the notions of the
loyal men of the State and the military arm of the
Government, and therefore I say they present
themselves in a very enviable light. They pre-
sent themselves here, not by any means as beg-
gars, because I think they are legally entitled to
this compensation; but beyond that, even though
they were not legally entitled to it, (and I admit
the opinion of the Judiciary Committee of the
House is against me on that subject,) I say it is
the duly and the interest of the Government to
keep up these roads, and^ to pay them at least
enough to keep them running. ....
Tlie Government has a commission in Missouri
attending to claims arising from the war, composed
of Judge Davis of Illinois, Judge Holt of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. Campbell of Missouri; and I de-
sire to read a communication on this subject from
the chairman of that committee, Mr. Davis. It
is a letter to the Secretary of War.
St. Loois, Missouri, January 31, 1862.
My Dear Sir: Tlie late Secretary of War directed tlie
commission, now in session in this city, to allow the Illi-
nois Cential railroad two thiids of the compensation fixed
by us for other railroads. The Illinois Central railroad, as
you are aware, has a land giant from Congress. The claim
presented before us by that road is a very small one. Their
main claim for transportation of troops and munitions of ,
war has been, as we understand, certified by the State au- I
thorities of Illinois, and will, I suppose, go to Washington
for adjudication. We supposed that the instruct ions given
in relation to the Illinois Central railroad were intended by
the Department to be applied by us to all railroads which
had obtained land grants irom Congress. The Pacific and
ilannibal and St. Joseph railroads, in this State, are roads
lliat are in the same category, and we had intended apply-
ing the same rule 10 them. Vve observe that the Judiciary
Committee of tlie {louse reported that, in tlicir opinion, the
land grant railroads are liot entitled to any compensation 5
and we therefore concluded that it would be more proper
to await your instructions before finally passing on these
Cl The commission would state that all railroads west of the
Mississippi are entitled to a higher rate of compensation
than the roads east of the river.
All ofthc roads in this State have suffered very much by
the war. Their bridges have been repeatedly destroyed,
and tracks torn up. Besides, their ordinary business has
been wholly suspended. In fact, several of the roads, in
consequence of the inability of the Department to pay for
runnin" services, have been thinking seriously of abandon-
in" thc°r roads to the Government. We are persuaded that
if °the Department refuse to allow the land grant railroads
in this State reasonable compensation, they will le wholly
unable to do the business of the Government.
Although we have a decided opinion on the legal ques-
tion, yet we do not feel called upon to express it. If the
Government decide that, according to the letter of the law,
these railroads are not entitled to compensation, then we
think an exception should be made by legislative enactment
in favor of the roads in this State. Sound policy and the in-
terests of the Government require that this should be done.
We would respectfully ask whether, in this matter of rail-
roads and all other matters, wo shall follow the instrucUons
heretofore given us by the War Department.
Awaiting your reply, we are yira^obedient senrants,
Chairman of Commissioners.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
The Judiciary Committee of the House, al-
though they decided this legal point against the
view I have taken, yet close their report with the
following language:
" ijut while, in the opinion of the committee, such Is the
proper interpretation of the clauses referred to, they trust
that thev may be indulged in the suggestion that there are
considerations why this right should not, in all eases, be
sternly claimed. In every instance where railroads have
Been constructed under these land grants, the pricc of the
public lands in their neighborhoods has been suddenly en-
hanced to at least twice their former value. The Govern-
ment has, therefore, lost nothing by its munificence. Where
railroads have sufl'ered, as some have, peculiar disasters
from an almost total suspension of their ordinary business,
and from injuries done to them merely because they have
been regarded as important lines of transit for Government
tioops and stores, a stern enforcement of thh right could
hardly be distinguished from plain injustice. In such cases
it would seem that the right ought to be maintained merely
as a salutary check against extortionate charges or a refusal
or indisposition to furnish to the Government all proper
facilities for the transportation of troops and stores."
Now, sir, to show what has been the action of
these roads themselves, and their disposition to
do everything in their power to accommodate the
Government of the United States in the trying
difficulties through which we have passed in the
State of Missouri, I desire to read a note from the
assistant quartermaster at St. Louis:
St. Locis, February 6,18S2.
Sir: I am just in receipt of your note of this moiniug. I
can with pleasure and entire truthfulness say, thatduiing
the time 1 have had charge of the transportation of this mil-
itary department, the Government business oil your road,
which lias been very large, has been performed with un-
tiring energy and extraordinary fidelity, considering the
groat amount done, and the frequent sudden demands made
upon it. Having had considerable experience in the man-
aceiiieut of railroads, I can speak advisedly on this subject.
Very respectfully, LiEWIS 11- PARSONb,
Captain and Jt. Q. M. in charge of Transportation.
Hon. George R. Taylor, President Pacific Railroad.
Mr. President, let me state one fact in reference
to the losses sustained by these companies. It
will be argued, I have no doubt, here—in fact, the
Senator from New Hampshire has already token
that view of the subject—that we ought to allow
these railroads the damages they have sustained
in consequence of the war, and there quit, and
not go beyond it. That was his position, if 1 un-
derstood it.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator I did
not go that far.
Mr. HENDERSON. I allude to your col-
league.
Mr. CLARK. I did not mean to go the ex-
tent the Senator supposes.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not intend to allude
to the Senator from New Hampshire nearest me,
but to the other Senator from that State, [Mr.
Hale.]
Mr. CLARK. It was on that pomt I spoke,
and so I supposed the Senator alluded to me.
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not understand
you as going quite so far.
Mr. CLA'RK. No, 1 did not.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, unless
something be done, these lines of transportation
for the Government of the United States must be
abandoned by the companies. Why? They have
no business for individuals there, and if they had,
the probability is that it would be of such a char-
acter th'at the Government itself would forbid ita
