1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
transportation. They are exclusively under the
control of the military authorities, and have been
for the last seven or eight months, and I desire that
they shall remain for the future convenience of the
Government and for the purpose of enabling the
army of the United States in Missouri to hold that
State; but the companies cannotdo it unless com-
pensation in some shape be allowed them for the
immense business they do for the Government.
What is the condition of affairs there now?
Armies have passed over the southwestern part
of the Slate some five or six times since last spring.
General Lyon pursued Price from Boonville to
the southwestern borders of the State. After-
wards our army returned from there, and again
wentdown following up Price's army from Lex-
ington. It retreated after the battle of Wilson's
creek; and now they have again gone down, and
the transportation for these immense armies, as
often as they have passed over southwestern Mis-
souri, has been entirely done by the Pacific Rail-
  road Company.
The Judiciary Committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives base their conclusion upon the ground
that, in some of the States, it has been decided that
a mortgage upon a railroad and its appurtenances
included all the cars and running stock upon the
road. That may be a correct view as to the effect
of a mortgage of that kind, but 1 undertake to say
that the grant of lands to these railroads, in these
words, " that they shall remain public highways
for the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge on the transportation
of any property or troops of the United States,"
will not authorize us to say that the running stock
of the road and the labor of the men whom they
employ and pay are included in that term. There
is doubt enough in reference to this grant, con-
sidering the fact that the language is taken from
the original canal and turnpike grants, upon which
the Governmeiithad the right to take its own vehi-
cles, or canal boats, free from toll or charge; and
it certainty ought not to be extended, in a case of
this character, so as to deprive these companies
of any compensation whatever, especially since
they have been employed, for the last six, eight,
or ten months, in work exclusively for the Gov-
ernment. The Government may as well prepare
to take charge of them and do its own transporta-
tion in time to come, unless they give them some-
thing for the work they are to do and have done.
What are the limitations upon this compensation?
It is the very best arrangement the Government
can make with these roads. What is it? Nothing
but the cost of transportation:
" ProcUed howei-cr, That the sums paid shall be as near
as may be the cost of transporting such property and troops,
y and not exceeding the prices fixed by the War Department,
j/ oil the 12th day of July, 1861, for transportation by rail-
roads
And here, I think, is the hardest condition upon
this payment yet—
" Which adjustment and liquidation shall preclude any
further claim on behalf of said companies against the Gov-
ernment, on account of claim for compensation or damages
previously accrued."
I recollect that at one time last June the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company were re-
quired to put a large number of cars at the Monroe
station, in Monroe county, upon a switch. They
carried up some troops there that marched for a
short distance to attack a camp of rebels, and the
Fdderal authorities required them to detain the
cars, and while waiting, the rebels, during the ab-
sence of the Federal troops, came and burnt $60,000
worth of property upon that switch. The officers
ill command of the train might have moved it off,
but, by the orders of the Federal Government they
were required to let their cars and rolling stock
stand there, and, thus exposed, they were de-
stroyed by the rebels.
That is not all, sir. The bridges on the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph road have been destroyed
again and again. Why, sir, they have been com-
pelled to build fortifications around the engineers
upon the locomotives. They have been compelled,
owing to the difficulties in Missouri, to send pio-
neer locomotives ahead in order to test the bridges
and tracks, whenever they carried a train of gov-
ernment stores, orany portion of the Army of the
United States. The cost of transportation upon
these roads to the companies has been double what
ithas been ordinarily in this country; and yet they
are to be turned away, and nothing is to be paid
to them. Why, sir, sometime during the latter
part of the last summer the rebels destroyed the
Platte bridge, and let down a whole train of cars,
and killed a large""number of individual's; and I
am told the most convenient way of removing the
rubbish was to set fire to the cars and burn them
up. That has frequently occurred. So it has been
with the Pacific Railroad Company. The very
first act of our rebel Governor in the State of Mis-
souri was an act of vandalism and outrage upon
the Pacific Railroad Company. The very firstact,
I believe, in the commencement of rebellion, on
his part, at least, was the destruction of the bridge
across the Osage river—a very expensive bridge,
which must have cost the company many thou-
sands of dollars. Three or four bridges were burnt
in June last by Jackson's command, and another
bridge, a very large and expensive structure, was
destroyed a short time afterwards. In fact, from
the 10th day of May last up to the present time,
individuals have been killed almost daily upon
these roads; the tracks have been torn up; and
even as late as the 20th of December last, another
line of road, one hundred and twenty miles in
length—I allude to the North Missouri road—was
torn up by the rebels under the orders of General
Sterling Price.
Now, sir, I think that upon the consideration
of this question by Senators, they will come to the
conclusion, m all probability, that these compa-
nies are legally entitled to lair and proper com-
pensation. I think, in addition, that however
they may view the legal point in question, they
will conclude with me that these companies ought
to be paid as a matter of justice Considering the
circumstances under which we are surrounded,
considering the difficulty of transportation in the
State, considering the imminent danger of the de-
struction of these roads or their abandonment by
the companies and their falling into the hands of
the Government, which will certainly be a serious
detriment, if the Government ever undertake the
transportation themselves—considering it in every
point of view, I think Senators will agree with me
that this joint resolution is hard enough in its con-
ditions, and that it ought to be passed. I do not
wish to be understood as placing it upon the
ground that we in Missouri desire more than the
people of any other State in the Union because we
have been battling with this rebellion; by no means.
It was our duty to fight this rebellion, and we are
entitled to no credit whatever beyond the people
of any other State of the Union. We intend to
fight 11 in the future; but we desire to use these
railroads, and we desire that they shall be kept
up; we desire that the Government may pay at
least theeostof transportation, and that they may
be retained and run by the railroad companies
themselves.
Mr. HOWARD. I call the attention of the
Senator from Missouri to one single expression
in the preamble of this resolution, wherie itspeaks
of the rebels as " public enemies." 1 move to
strike out those words and insert "insurgents.
1 do not understand that in the sense of the Con-
stitution of the United States these rebels are pub-
lic enemies, and they are certainly not so to be
treated. If we have reference to the books, we
should discover that the term " public enemies"
refers to persons at war with the United States,
but who do not and never did owe allegiance to
the United States. Such persons are entitled to
certain belligerent rights and privileges which do
not pertain to persons who owe allegiance to the
United States, but who are merely insurgents en-
"cigedin actual rebellion against the United States.
1 merely throw out the suggestion to the Senator
from Missouri, and presume he will have no ob-
jection to amending the preamble by inserting the
word " insurgents" instead of the words "public
enemies."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Michigan move
that as an amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves to amend the preamble by
striking out'thc worda " public enemies," and in-
serting the word " insurgents;"so that it will read:
And "whereas tile ability of said railroad companies to
transport the property and troops of tile United States over
their re-pective laihoads has been greatly unpaired by the
destruction of budges, depots, and othei property ol said
companies, and the paitial destruction of said loads by the
insui gents.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will not insist oh the Amendment.' If
there were any practical good to arise from it I
would not object-; but it is important that this res-
olution should be passed at once. I should have
stated when I was up before, that the'presidents
and directors of the^e several railroad companies,
as I uriderstahd, borrowed large sums of money
on their individual credit for the repair of dam-
ages upon their respective roads during the sum-
mer. The Government has not paid them a dollar;
they have received nothing whatever, and they
are required to do immense amounts of work evtery
day; but their means are exhausted, and they have
no money whatever with which to repair damages
Or to do the necessary transportation. They ara
largely indebted to their hands for work done
upon the roads; they have borrowed large sums
of money for which they have given their indi-
vidual notes, and it is highly essential that we!
should act promptly and do what we intend to dt>
for them at once. If there were any practical
good to be accomplished by the antenument, I
would not object to it. I think it is the duty of
the Government, under all the circumstances, to
pay for the transportation. I do not put this oaSe
on the ground of damages for loss of property.
Mr. HOWARD. If the gentleman will pardon
me a moment, I will say one word. By adopting
this preamble, we recognize the insurgents now
in arms against the United States, and those who
have been in arms against the United States, and
their authorities in Missouri, as public enemies; a
thing which I insist we cannot do under the Con-
stitution. If we declare that they are publicene-
mies, we, in fact, admit them to be belligerents, and
as such entitled for the future, at least, to the rights
of belligerents engaged in lawful war. I shall
never vote to recognize these men as belligerents,
or as public enemies, but simply as insurgents and
rebels against the lawful authority of the United
States to which they owe allegiance.
I look upon this, I confess, as a matter of very
considerable consequence. I do not wish to have
it quoted in the future against me, at least, that I
have ever, by any act or vote of mine, admitted
the lawfulness of the character which these insur-
gents have assumed. That is the ground of my
amendment. Of course, it does not relate to the
practical effect of the joint resolution when it shall
be passed, if it shall be passed, but simply to the
question of recognizing them as belligerents.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Michigan
will withdraw his amendment, I propose to move
to amend the joint resolution by striking out the
whole preamble. If that does not prevail, he can
renew his amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I withdraw my
amendment with that understanding.
Mr. HALE. I think a good many reasons
might be given for striking out the whole pream-
ble; but I will not talce up the time of the Senate
by giving them.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will agree
to that amendment.
Mr. H ALE. I move to amend by striking out
the entire preamble.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move toinsertafterthe word
(< company,"in iinelive, the words " and all other
land grant companies."
Mr. HALE. I may be hypercritical about it,
but I think the phraseology of that amendment is
not exactly what it should be. I would rather say
" and all other companies to whom lands of the
United States have been granted." It strikes me
as an awkward phrase to say "land grant corn-
er!" HARLAN. That is the phraseology I
think by which these companies are distinguished
from other companies in the western States, but
I have no particular choice as to the words in
which the idea shall be couched.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will not sustain that amendment,and that
the joint resolution as it now stands substantially
will receive the sanction of the Senate. T hese
railroads are in the State of Missouri; they have
been engaged for the Government; they have cx-
pended vast sums of money in order to do the
I workof the Government; their directors and man-
| agers have been loyal to the country, and thetr
i roads have been injured and bridges destroyed on
I account of their fidelity to the Government and
1 their efficiency in supporting the Government.
