1862,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Laws of the United States.
37TH CON«....2D SISS.
years from the date of said patent, shall be, and
the same is hereby, made a valid §rantfor the full
term of fourteen years from the date ofsaid patent,
notwithstanding1 the fact that a patent had been
.previously granted in France for the same inven-
tion, and notwithstanding that said patent, when
issued, ought to have been granted only for the
term of fourteen years, to be computed from the
date of the said patent, previously issued in France.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the title
of George Somerville Norris, as assignee of said
patent, under the assignment made to him by said
Etienne Bernot, dated October eight, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, and recorded in the Patent Office,
shall be good and valid to vest in said assignee,
his executors,administrators, and assigns, the ex-
ecutive right, under the said patent, for the full
period of the term of fourteen years from the date
of said patent, in like manner and to the same
extent as if the said patent, when originally issued,
had been validly granted for fourteen years from
the date thereof.
Approved, July 1G, 1862.
Chap. CXCIII.—An Act to secure one month's
"Pay and Pension to Margaret Bailey, Widow ;
of George B. Bailey, Lieutenant Colonel in the
Ninth Regiment of Virginia Volunteers. i'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- 'I
sentalivcs of the United States of America in Congress ;
assembled, That there be paid to Margaret Bailey, '
widow of George B. Bailey, late acting lieutenant
colonel in the ninth regiment of Virginia volun-
teers, one month's pay of a lieutenant colonel, for
services rendered by her husband as lieutenant-
colonel and surgeon, prior to November tenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, when lie was '•
killed in battle nt Guyandott, Virginia.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
imssjoner of Pensions be, and he is hereby, di-
rected to place the name of said Margaret Bailey '
on the pension roll, at the rate of thirty dollais ,
per month, from the first day of July, eighteen :
hundred and sixty-two, and to continue during ,
her widowhood. 'I
Approved, July 10, 18G2.
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act for the Relief of James
N. Miiller, Supervising Inspector of Steamboats
for the Third Supervising District.
Be it enacted hi the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stahsof America in Congress
assembled, That the Societal y of the Tieasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to audit
and settle the accounts of James N. Miiller for
services rendeted as supervising inspector of
steamboats for the third supervising district, and
to allow him the compensation provided by law
lor the period commencing on the sixth day of
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and end-
ing on the second tiny of December, eighteen bun-
dled and ftixry-on-'.
Approved, July 1G, 1862.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 17.—A Resolution for the Relief of William
H. Nobles.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretaiy of the interior be,
ffnd he hereby is, authorized and directed to pay,
out of any balance of appropriations for wagon
roads under his control, eight thousand one hun-
dred and ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents,
being the amount reported by him, under the sec-
ond section of the A rmy appropriation act, ap-
proved March second, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-one, to be due to William H. Nobles, hue
Superintendent of the Fort Ridgely and South
Pass Wagon Road.
Approved, March 8, 1862.
No. 31.—A Resolution in relation to the Claim
of Marshall 0. Roberts for the loss of the
Steamer {{ Star of the West."
Whereas the Secretary of War has declined to
act upon a claim of Marshall 0. Roberts fur com-
pensation for the loss of the steamship "Star of the
West," while in the service and under the ditac-
tion of the United States, upon the ground that
before his appointment as Secretary of War he
had been consulted as counsel in the case: There-
fore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives cf tkeXfnited Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the said claim be referred to the
Attorney General, with authority to act upon the
same in the same manner as the Secretary of Wat-
could have done had he not been consulted as
counsel in the case, and that such sum as shaU be
ascertained to be due, if any, be paid in the same
manner as if the same had been allowed by the
Secretary of War, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropi .ated.
Approved, May 20, 1S62.
of Claims in the case of C.J. Jenkins and W. W.
Mann, assignees of John McKinnie, be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
  *
No. 46.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Richard Irvin,Trustee of the Mechanics * Bank,
New York.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Tjhat the adverse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Richard Irvin, trustee of
the Mechanics' Bank, New York, be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
No. 47.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Executor of Lewis Wairington and others.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
; assembled, That the adverse decision of the Court
! of Claims m the case of the executors of Lewis
| Wat rmgton and others be, and the same is hereby,
i confirmed.
| Approved, July 11} 18G2.
No. 33.—A Resolution to confirm the Opinion of
the Couit of Claims adverse to the Claim of
Them,is B. Graham.
Resolved b<i the Stnatc and Hons- of Represent-
atives of the United- States of Anu-i ira in Congress
asstmbhd, That the opinion of the C->ui t of Chums,
adverse to the claim of Thomas B. Graham, be,
and hereby is, confirmed.
Approved, May 21, 1862.
No. 48.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Abraham King, Administrator of John Mande-
ulle.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives vflhe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the advetse decision of the Court
of Claims in the case of Abraham King, adminis-
tiator of John Mandeville, be, and the same is
heieby, confirmed.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
No. 45.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims m the Case of
C. J. Jenkins and W. W. Mann, Assignees of
John McKmnie.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United. States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of theCouit
No. 49.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
Dennis Cronans.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives (f the United States of America in Congress
asstmbLd, Th.it the ail vei -=i; d  cisn.ii ot th - Cuiu:
of Chum.-; in the case of Dennis Cronans be, and
the siuii" is hereby, confirmed.
Approved, July 11, 1862.
No, 50.—Joint Resolution to confirm the adverse
Decision of the Court of Claims in the Case of
T. S. J. Johnson.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the adverse decision of the C-au t
, of Chums in the ense of T. S.J. Johnson be, hmI .
th" same is hereby, confirmed.
j Approved, July 11, 1862.
The CoxcntKSiflOX.u, Globe and Aitkndix will bo furnished subscribers at tlie next regular session, which will
lie a short one. for three dollars a copy.
Subscribers for this session who have not received, or who have lost any numbers, either of the Congressional
Globe or the Appendix, can get them by inclosing to us three cents for each missing number.
