926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
now before the Senate; and it will require a mo-
tion to dispose of it, if it is to be disposed of other-
wise than by the present consideration of the res-
olution. The resolution will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin Stark, of Oregon, appointed a
Senator of that State by the Governor thereof, is entitled
to take the constitutional oath of office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To this reso-
lution an amendment has been moved; but a mo-
tion precedent to the resolution and the amend-
ment is, that the case be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary. That motion is the
question now pending before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, on the
day when this question was last before the Sen-
ate I addressed the body briefly, and had almost
closed my remarks when, at the suggestion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] I
yielded the floor for the purpose of an adjourn-
ment. I do not propose to occupy the time of the
Senate now by any further discussion at length,
but I desire to say that the impression made upon
me on the first presentation of this question has
grown with further consideration. I took occa-
sion to say in my opening remarks on the sub-
ject, that it seemed to me the adoption of the rule
involved in the report of the minority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary would be a dangerous
blow at the foundation of our republican system,
and I asked Senators to pause and consider care-
fully whether it would be well for us to affirm the
doctrine that the Senate, by a majority vote, may
prevent a person coming here clothed with all the
muniments of office, constitutionally and legally
qualified, from taking his place as a Senator upon
this floor, thereby establishing a rule different
from the rule of the Constitutor!, where, in the
first instance, the party appearing has a complete
right. I say the more I have considered that ques-
tion, which was then a new one to me, the 'more
satisfied I am that it will bo a \iol«ition of all prin-
ciple,and a direct infraction of constitutional right
and law. It will place the country to a large ex-
tent in the hands of a majority of the Senate, when
the Constitution provided, for conservative and
useful purposes, that the same control should be
vested in two thirds of the Senate. I have but to
remark now, that if this doctrine is to be inaugu-
rated, I shall ask leave to present my solemn pro-
test, upon the ground that it is a violation of fun-
damental law; and not only of fundamental law,
but of a law essential to the proper independence
and to the just rights of the States under the Con-
stitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the State
Legislature which elects, or the Governor who
appoints a Senator, judges of his qualifications in
the first instance. His commission, under the seal
of the State, gives him prima facie a right to take
his seat; but it is not conclusive. This body is
made by the Constitution the judge of the election
and qualifications of its members. When may
the question of his qualifications be raised ? Be-
fore or after he is sworn? Upon that point the
Constitution is silent. It is, therefore, for this
body to determine. It is sometimes done before
and sometimes after the member is sworn in; but
whenever raised and passed upon, the decision of
the Senate, as it seems to me, is final. A majority
determine the question of a member's election and
quahlications, and admit or refuse to admit to his
seat; but to expel a member for misbehavior or
other cause requires two thirds.
Is this aquestionofa right to aseat merely, or
is it in substance one of expulsion for cause? In
short, can a majority determine it, or does it re-
quire two thirds? Upon what questions may a
majority pass in deciding a Senator's right to a
seat ? All agree that they may pass upon the elec-
tion and upon the qualifications of age, citizen-
ship, and inhabitancy, mentioned in the Consti-
tution; but, when we come to inquire whether a
majority can pass upon those positive disqualifi-
cations which go to the character of the individual
and render him unfit to hold a seat in this body,
such as disloyalty, there opinions divide, some
maintaining that if the majority find that he has
been duly elected, and has the quahfications^mcn-
tioned in the Constitution, they should first admit
hnn; and then if he has such disqualifications as
"would justify his expulsion, let two thirds expel
him. The important point, it seems tome,isnot
so much the time when this question should be
raised, whether before or after he is sworn, but
whether, in deciding it, it requires a vote of two
thirds or a majority only. My first impression
was that it is in the nature of an expulsion to close
the door against a Senator duly elected or ap-
pointed for the same cause for which we might
expel him; but further examination has, I con-
fess, changed my impressions, though it has not
entirely removed my doubts. Upon the whole,
however, I am inclined to think that the power
given to a majority to pass upon his qualifications
implies the power to pass upon his disqualifica-
tions also; and that they may refuse to admit to
a seat one who is disqualified as an avowed trai-
tor. I am the more inclined to that opinion be-
cause, after the question of his right to a seat upon
this ground is distinctly raised and passed upon
by the Senate, it may bccomc res adjudicata, which
cannot be reopened. While I think this power is
in a majority, it is in its nature judicial; and in its
exercise, whether by a majority or two thirds,
this body should proceed with the same delibera-
tion and the same freedom from all party bias as
if sitting as a court.
Now, it strikes me that the question of the loy-
alty or disloyalty of Air. Stark lias been distinctly
raised, and if we decide the one way or the other
now, that decision will be final. How, then,
would his case stand? Substantially as follows:
Mr. Stark appears with a record under the seal of
the State of Oregon,giving him prima facie a right
to a seat; he is conceded to have the requisite age,
residence, and citizenship; but several of his con-
stituents, said to be respectable citizens, charge
that he is an open and avowed secessionist, and
that the Governor who appointed him is a seces-
sionist; and they have forwarded their memoiials
to this body, accompanied by ex parte statements
upon oath to show that he has on various occa-
sions declared that if there were to be war he
would go and help the South to fight; that Davis
was fighting in a good cause; thaton occasions he
he has cxpiessed sympathy with secessionists;
and on one occasion, on hearing of the news of
the repulse of the Union forces at Bull Run, he
drank a toast to Beauregard, as a witness believed.
To all these charges he replies, in substance, that
they are made by his bitter political opponents,
and that in many important particulars the dec-
larations of his assailants are false, without speci-
fying wherein. He does not take direct issue
and deny that he said that if there were to be war
he would fight for the South, nor that Davis was
fighting in a good cause, nor does he deny that he
diank a toast to Beauregard on the receipt of the
news of the defeat of the Union forces at Bull Run.
It is true that ex parte testimony is always to be
looked upon with suspicion. 3^ is easily manufac-
tured, and especially when it details conversations
only; but in this report I see the testimony of one
witness, one Joseph Lane, who appeared before the
committee, and who was cross-examined by Mr.
Stark; and that witness says that in June last Mr.
Stark declared that the South were right, and that
his sympathies were with them. But Mr. Stark
appeals from all this to his public declarations,
made on the 5th of June last, which, without
essential modification, he says are his opinions
now. To do him no injustice, I will read a
portion of his letter to the chairman of the com-
mittee:
"Fiotn such evidence as tlic.sc papers contain—of all
testimony invariably legauled as least entitled to weight—
1 appeal to my public dociaiation of opinions, contained in
the following extracts fioma letter written toaDeinociatic
Unmn mas«? convention, held In Linn county. Oregon, on
the 5th of June last:
"c It is too late now to stop and leason together upon the
abstract question, can a Stare constitutionally becede ? Nine
States have already speeded. Others doclaio it to be their
light, and m certain contingencies their intention to adopt
tlie e-amo mode for the iedre->s of alleged gtievances.
Whcthei the grievance lefcited lo aie ieul oi imaginary Is
nmnntoriM to the i^uie now presented forthe con-uleiation
of eveiv one who sinceicly desires the perpetuation of the
Government of tile United" States in its unity and integrity.5
* * b ' (Jiv.l war cannot avert di- union.' b
" ' Subjugation cannot prolong the Union. To
subjugate the South, weie that even possible, would be the
establishment of a niihtaiy despotism.' ' ' w
c E\ery Demoeiat in Oregon is tiue to the Union and the
Constitution.5 " 'Lctthem—theliemoc-
iac\—untuil their banner to the breeze, inscribed with
tiiCnO watch woids of promise : the Constitution, peace, and
equal lights to even- m ction Then' ' y' *
£ we may hope, at the baiiot-box, to suppiess anaiehv, con-
quer disunion, and negotiate a glo;iou« and peipetu.it re-
union of the <• dissevucd, dncojdaut, and belhgfiem «ec-
tioni." of a hitherto pioud and prosperous Union '
"These were my opinions at that early day. Without
essential modification they are my opinions now.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
"BENJAMIN STARK.
" lion. Lyman Trumbull,
Chairman ^Committee on the Judiciary
If 1 understand this matter, he not only, as it
would appear from the declaration of witnesses,
has advocated the doctrine that States may con-
stitutionally secede from the Union; but in this
letter he declared that nine States then, on the 5th
of June, 1861, had already seceded; that our ju-
risdiction over them had ceased; and, in sub-
stance, that we could only get bacjc our jurisdic-
tion over those States by some negotiation. The
nine States referred to are, I suppose, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Florida, Texas, North Carolina, and Tennessee.
Now, he avows his loyalty and offers to take the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States. Loyalty to what? What does he mean
by the Constitution of the United States? What
does he mean by the United States ? Does he mean
to embrace all the States, or only such as Jeffer-
son Davis and his confederates have left us, only
such as they have not usurped to govern by mil-
itary despotism? Does the flag he is willing to
support bear for him only twenty-five stars, oris
it stillfuli, high advanced, bearing upon its ample
folds thirty-four stars—a star for every State?
When he raises his hand before Almighty God,
and swears to support the Federal Constitution,
does he mean to support that Constitution and its
supremacy over Florida and Louisiana as well as
over Oregon—at Pensacola and at New Orleans,
as well as at the mouth of the^Oolurobia?
We purchased Florida, gave §5,000,000 to get
rid of'a foreign Power between us and the Gulf
of Mexico, and we have expended $40,000,000 to
conquerand remove the Seminoles. Does he mean
to assert the national jurisdiction there? We pur-
chased Louisiana of France, giving §15*000,000 to
get control of the Mississippi river and the Gulf
of Mexico. JcfFeison made the purchase because
he knew that if the mouth of that river were held
by a foreign Power, it would be our eternal enemy.
In swearing to support the Constitution, does he
mean to assert and maintain its authority at New
Orleans and to the mouth oftheMississippi river?
Does the lower valley of that river belong to the
United States, whose Constitution he will swear
to support, or does it belong to some foreign Gov-
ernment? That is the question.
I speak earnestly, because I feel deeply on this
question. I belong to the great West. We know
and feel the interests and the necessities of our
position. It is not only because our instinctsfor
empire are strong, and because our m<yi are hardy
and brave, that we go into this struggle so earn-
estly. It is because we know the grand design
of this infernal conspiracy, so long plotting the
destruction of the Union, was first to set up a mil-
itary despotism over the States of the Gulf and on
the lower Mississippi; second, to compel the bor-
der slave States to join them; and third, by ap-
pealing to the Buchanan Democracy of Pennsyl-
vania, and offering to make that State their man-
ufacturing State, to persuade her to join them
according to what was believed to be a pledge
given byaPennsylvanian in the convention which
nominated Buchanan in J856. The traitois be-
lieved they could accomplish all this, and then the
great West would be cut off from the East and
from the South at the same time, and by the same
conspiracy, and be compelled to submit to their
dictation.
Sir, I repeat, we know our interests and our ne-
cessities. 11 is not that our sons are any braver or
our instincts for fieedum any stronger, that they
go so earnestly into this struggle. They know it
is for existence. It is for them like a death sti ug-
gie. They know that by every law, human or
divine, the sump national jurisdiction and the same
flag should govern and must govern the lower and
the upper Mississippi—the flag of liberty and
union, or the flag of rebellion and despotism.
There is and there can be no neutrality or com-
promise. The one or the other must prevail. We
believe that justice, law, reason, and constitutional
liberty itself are all staked upon the issue of the
struggle. Wo go into it, therefore, with all the
power and energy which God has given us. Our
recent victories give earncstofspeedy results; but
let us rejoice with trembling. The results of bat-
tles none but God can foresee. While we have
