THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C. '
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1862.
New Series.....-No. 59.
by a majority, whether the respondent was in or
out of his seat. The Senator from Massachusetts
will admit that, 1 think. He has admitted it.
Mr. SUMNER. What?
Mr. HOWE. That if disloyalty is under the
Constitution a disqualification, if the Constitution
makes it a disqualification, then the Senator from
Indiana might have been removed from his seat
by the vote of a majority of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. If he had presented himself
for admission, it would have been certainly in the
power of the Senate, under the Constitution, to
refuse to allow such a person so suspected to
come forward and take the oath.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator affirms the same
doctrine in that case that hcis contending for here.
It is already conceded that not less than two thirds
could have removed the late Senator from Indiana
from his seat here.
Mr. SUMNER. Could have expelled hinf.
Mr. HOWE. Could have removed hnn fioin
his seat.
Mr. SUMNER. The Constitution says " ex-
pelled."
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. We shall have this
point clear by and by. Not less than two thirds
of the Senate could expel Mr. Biiglit from his scat
notwithstanding he was tried upon the identical
charge which is urged here against the represent-
ative from Oregon. It is said that that charge
constitutes a disqualification, and a disqualification
within the language of the Constitution. I say if
it was a disqualification then a majority could have
removed him, and I think the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has admitted that, if he will not do it
again.
Mr. HALE. I do not admit anything.
Mr. HOWE. It is much the safest course not
to admit anything. I will read an extract from
the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts:
" Bur as the Senate, under the Constitution, the ex-
clusive judge of the qualifications of its membeis, fhetime
wiien it shall consider a case is obvious)}' within its own
discretion, aecoidmg to the exigency. It may take up the
case eat Iv ot late, before oi after the admimstiation of the
oath. Under ordinal y circumstances, where the case turned
upon a question of age, or citizenship, or inhabitancy, it
would be leasonable, and according to u^ajje, tlrat the
claimant should be admitted undei his certificate, which is
prima facie evidence of the requisite qualifications."
Giving the clearest intimation in the world, it
seems to me, that although those are disqualifica-
tions, if the member is holding his seat in spite of
them and in defiance of them, yet that a majority
of the Senate may remove him from his seat be-
cause they are disqualifications of which the Sen-
ate can judge by its majority, and if d isloyalty is
such a disqualification, of course the power of a
majoiity is just as complete over it. For wanting
thirty years of age a majority of the Senate could
have removed Mr. Bright from his seat. If dis-
loyalty is such a disqualification then a majority
of the Senate could have removed for the disquali-
fication just as well.
But, sir, I need not go to the spcech of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to determine that. The
Senate has already determined that question. At
this very session, we have not only tiled a Sen-
ator upon the allegation of disloyalty and expelled
him, but we have tried a Senator upon the allega-
tion of disqualification. We did not expel him
because the Senate did not judge him disqualified;
but it was alleged that one of the Senators from
Kansas was disqualified because he held an office
which was incompatible with his holding the
office of Senator. We heard and determined that
question, and 1 say it was the universal under- ;
standing of the Senate that if that fact had been j
found against the Senator from Kansas a majoiity ■
of the Senate could have removed him. ,j
It is said, sir, and it has been often said, that it :i
is idle, and worse than idle,for the Senate to vote jj
by a majority to admit a man to his seat and then !l
torn round and endeavor to expol him by a vote
of two thirds. You might as well say that it was
idle, and worse than idle, to send a suitor out ot a j j
courtof law when thecase ho prcsentedat the bar "
59
was one addressed to the jurisdiction of a court of
equity, as to say that the majority may try and
determine this question, which the Constitution,
by express words, refers to the authority of two
thirds of the Senate.
But we are not without authority upon this ques-
tion. *A question like this occurred in 1833, in the
State of Rhode Island. Having one Senator upon
this floor, she sent up two more. Mr. Asher Rob-
bins was elected on the 39th of January, 1833, a
Senator for the term of six years from the 4th of
March succeeding. His credentials in due form
were made out and furnished to him, and were, in
February, 1833, read in the Senate and recorded
on it^ Journals. In October following the Gen-
eral Assembly of Rhode Island declared this elec-
tion void, on the ground that the Legislature by
which it was made had not at the time a due and
legal existence; and "proceeding to the selection of
another person, they made choice of Mr. Potter.
It was held, after debate, that Mr. Robbins was
entitled to be sworn in and take his seat in the first
instance, leaving the validity of his election to be
determined on the report of a committee. It was
clear to the Senate that one or the other of those
elections must be irregular and void, and yet it
was clear to the Senate that Rhode Island ought
to be entitled to another representative here, and
therefore they admitted the prima facie right of the
first representative returned, and allowed him to
take hisseatand represent Rhode Island while they
tried the question of the validity of that election.
All conceded that if there had been no other ap-
plicant hero for that seat, there could have been
no question upon the prima facie right of Mr. Rob-
bins, as it seems to me there can be no question
of the prima facie right of Mr. Stark to represent
Oregon until we have so far tried the question as
to enable the Senate to say that he is disqualified
from holding a seat here.
One word more, and 1 have done. It is said,
the doctrine for which I contend deprives the Sen-
ate of the right of self-defense.
" To admit a claimant charged with disloyalty to a seat
m the Senate'"—
said the Senator from Massachusetts—
'• in the hope of expelling him afterwards, is a voluntary
abandonment of the right of s-clf-dofense, which belongs
to the Senate as much as to any individual."'
I ask the Senator to review that declaration, and
revoke it. I cannot think it was well considered.
What has the Senate to do with self-defense' The
Senate is not self-existing. What has the Senate
to do with self-defense ? The Senate is but a reflex
of the several States. It is their right to make it
what they will, subject to the few limitations pre-
scribed m the Constitution. Think what the Sen-
ate was a year ago. Sir, what is it now? If the
Senate had been clothed with the right of self-
defense, how would this marvelous transforma-
tion have been effected ?
The duty of the Senate is to defend the rights
of the States, and the public service. For these
reasons it is clothed with the power to exclude
persons who are pronounced by the court to be
disqualified, and to expel members whom two
thirds of the Senate shall say are unfit.
The Long Parliament of England, in the reign
of Chailes I, devoted itself to the work of self-
defense. But it intrenched itself only behind the
fragments of the constitution of the realm.
The National Assembly of France, in the reign
of Louis XVI, devoted itself to the work of self-
defense. But when the defense s of the Assembly
were complete, the nation found itself defenseless.
And when we begin to fortify ourselves against
the authority of the"States we represent, either the
American Senate will cease to exist or the Amer-
ican States will be despoiled of iheir choicest pie-
rogathe—the sacred right of representation.
ISSUE OF UNITED STATES NOTES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit the follow.ng
report from the committee oi conference on the
Treasury note bill:
The committee of confeience on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. It; No.
210) to authorize the issue of United States notes and for
the redemption or funding thereof and for funding the float-,
mg debt of the United Slates, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recommend
to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their second, fourth,"and
fifth amendments.
Those are the amendments, all relating to the
same subject, by which the old notes now out
were retained instpad of issuing new ones to the
whole amount of $150,000,000.
That the House ofKepresentativfs leeede from their dis-
agreement to the ninth arid fouiteenth amendments of the
Senate.
Those amendments are of the same character,
and directed that the notes should be redeemable
at the pleasure of the Government after five years
and payable in twenty years.
That the Hous>e of "Repiesentatives recede from their
amendment to the Senate's eighteenth amendment.
The Senate amendment authorized the deposit
of these notes in sums of not less than £100 with
any of the designated depositaries of th§ United
States, for not less than thirty days, for which
certificates of deposit were to be issued bearing
five per cent, interest; the interest to cease at the
pleasure of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
aggregate of deposits not to exceed $25,000,000.
The House amended the Senate amendment, so
as to allow these deposits in notes or coin, and
struck out five per cent, interest, and inserted,
" at the rate which the Secretary of the Treasury
may from time to time prescribe, not exceeding
six per cent, per annum." The House recede
from then* amendment to our amendment.
That the Senate recede from ho much of their tenth
amendment as proposes to inseit words in lieu of the words
Miicken out, and that the House agree to the said amend-
ment a=; so modified.
That amendment was the amendenentby which
we struck out the provision authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue a portion of the
bonds at seven per cent, interest, payable in five
years, and inserted," notes or bonds bearing seven
and three tenths per cent, interest, payable in two
years;" and the effect of the agreement of the
committee is to strike out both provisions.
That the Iloupe of Repiesentatives leeede fiom if* dis-
agreement to the Senate's nineteenth amendment, and
agree to the same with the followms amendments:
Ai'tei the vvoid " goods" >•" the second line, stiike out the
wouls," the pioceedsoi-ihe s-aleof tiie public lands and the
pioeeed® of ;ili propcity seized afTd sold under the laws of
the United States as the property of lobels," and insert the
words "shall bo paid in coin and;" and aftei the word
"taxes,"' in the fn?t section of the bill, line tworuy-onc,
insert "internal;" and after the word " duties,J" in the
saino line, strike out the woid <:impoitcvJ and after the
uoul "'Stares/' in the tvvunty-thiid line, insert "exccpt
duties on imports and m line thirty, after the woid "in-
terest,v in«ei t the wonis u and duties on imports.
The effect of those alterations is simply this: to
make the duties on imports payable in com, and
to pledge them specifically for the payment of the
interest on the notes and "bonds, and for the pur-
pose of "raising a fund to redeem the principal, and
striking out of the amendment the pledge of the
public lands and the piocceds of the property
seized as the property of rebels.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
Subsequently, a message from the. House of
Representatives, by Mr. Morris, Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (Ii. R. No.
240) to authoi ize the issue of United States notes
and foi the redemption or funding thereof and for
funding the floating debt of the United States.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
Mr. WILSON, of lVL"ujsachusr us. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration ot
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent m the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
