1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
Mr. HOLMAN. And I do not. want General
Wallace to be deprived of his just share of credit.
Mr. MALLORY. Nor should General Buell
be forgotten.
Mr. COX. A (splendid list could be made of
officers of the Army and Navy who are entitled
to credit for our recent victories. To arrogate,
sir, is to derogate in one sense; and it is not doing
justice, but rank injustice, to the officers and pri-
vates of the Army to discriminate, as this resolu-
tion does, in favor of some generals who happen
to be favorites of some members here. The Army
would not thank Congress, and the people would
not thank Congress, to disci iminate against any
officer who has done his duty, in Older to gratify
certain gentlemen.
The gentleman says that he does not believe in
organizing victory at a distance. It may turn out,
when this matter comes to be examined, and fire
shall have burned through the smoke, that other
generals besides those mentioned—that the Gen-
eral-in-Chief in this city is entitled to some credit
at least, for his foresight, design, and strategy,
which have so signally contributed to the recent
gallant achievements of our Army and Navy. It
is significant of one directing head and design in
these recent victories, that both flanks of the
enemy, west and east, have been stricken and
paralyzed at the same time.
The gentleman gives as an argument why we
should postpone this hasty resolution of thanks,
that he does not now know, but he may know
hereafter when other events transpire, who are
entitled to credit for this victory at Fort Donelson.
Why, then, did he not withhold his resolution
until" he did know? He knows that some generals,
whom ho names, are entitled to credit; but he
cannot tell us all of tlieni. This Government has
substantially thanked General Grant by promot-
ing; him from a brigadier general to be a major
general; and I hope that Generals iSmith and Mc-
Clernand will ha\e the same award of dignity for
their unrivaled gallantry and bravery. Let us
not, by prejudging this matter, do injustice to any
officers of the Army and Navy. Let the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have this resolution, as
they have other resolutions, and let them report
a proposition to the House which will discrimi-
nate fairly andjustly between the different officers,
giving to those who are entitled, not inconsider-
ately, but with deliberation and care, the merited
thanks of the national Legislature.
It was with that view that I made the motion to
refer to the Committee on Military Affaiis. I
believe that that committee will do complete and
exact justice.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I profess to be as
justly'proud of the victories secured by western
generals and western soldiers as any man upon
this floor; but in our exultation of great joy over
these victories we should be careful to prevent any
injury being done through our action to any portion
of the Army, or to any general engaged in fight-
ing the battles of the Union. What has been said
by the gentleman from Ohio has been well said.
We have more generals than one or two—skillful,
brave, and true officers, who have distinguished
themselves. We have colonels as brave, as saga-
cious, as true, as loyal, and as patriotic as any
general upon the ground. We have soldiers in
the ranks fit to be generals. Many such have sac-
rificed their lives to purchase the victories we have
obtained. Of such devotion to the country we
are, as we ought to be, justly proud. But, sir,
we should not forget to do justice to all; in other
words, we should refrain from even indirectly
doing injustice to the Commanding General of the
American Army. I do not believe that it was in-
tended that any such thing should be. done under
this resolution. Certainly, however, if the gen-
tleman from New York had well considered his
resolution, he would have couched it in different
language, lie certainly would have done so if
he had an v great regard for the position and char-
actei of tiIe=Communding General of the Amer-
ican Army.
Mr. OL1N. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I will say a word. Those
who oppose the resolution offered by my colleague
s>'orn entirely to misapprehend the object with
which that resolution was offered. 1 have no ob-
jection to the resolution for the present or for the
future action of the House; but its object seems
to be to ascertain who it was that planned and
directed the military movements which have re-
sulted recently in glorious victories in Kentucky
and Tennessee. If that be the object, then it is
hardly worth while, I think, to refer the reso-
lution to the Committee on Military Affairs, who
know probably as little about the question as
the gentleman himself. If it be the object of the
House, before passing a vote of thanks, to ascer-
tain who was the person who planned and or-
ganized these victories, then it would be eminently
proper, in my opinion, to request the Secretary
of War to give us that information. That would
satisfy the gentleman and the House directly as
to who was the party who planned these military
movements. When that was ascertained, of course
Congress would be enabled to thank the officer
who was properly entitled to the credit of the
victory. Whether gentlemen will join in the res-
olution, will be seen when the report comes in.
I'do not consider it of any grave importance to
the country, or to any one, to get up a question
of the kind at this time.
It is sufficient for the country at present that
somebody has planned and executed these military
movements. About the gallantry of the soldiers
who fought there there is no dispute. Still, if the
gentleman has any desire to learn who originated
these movements, he can ascertain that fact by
inquiry at the proper office, for certainly some
one at the War Department must be informed on
the subject. The Secretary of War knows whether
he had anything to do with them or not; the Com-
manding General knows whether he had anything
to do with them or not. If neither of them had
anything to do" with them, they will cheerfully
say so. I do not make any motion on the subject,
but merely submit this suggestion to the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It is unpleasant
to rise to make remarks for a few minutes and to
be interrupted with speeches of twenty or thirty
minutes injected into them. [Laughter.] These
interruptions are out of all proportion. I was about
to express my objections to this resolution when
I was interrupted by the gentleman from New
York. In my judgment this resolution, whether
so designed or not, is an attack upon the Com-
manding General of the United States Army. It
is declared in express terms by this resolution that
the achievements by our arms in the western de-
partment were the result of movements planned,
organized, and carried out by a subordinate offi-
cer of the General Government.
It will be remembered that subordinate officers,
by law, are under the. control and command of the
Commander-in-Chief of the American Army; and
that if there isno general plan, that there ought to
be a general plan.and system of campaign calcu-
lated and designed to put down this rebellion. I
believe there is, emanating from the Commander
in-Chief of the American forces through liis first
subordinates, and by them to the next, and so
continuously down to the soldiers who fight upon
the battle-field, a well-digested, clear, and definite
policy of campaign that is to be put in motion,
that is in motion, to put down this rebellion, and
when a resolution, directly or indirectly, inti-
mates, while this should be the case, that it is not
the case, and that a subordinate officer has sprung
into life and conceivcd, independently of the mil-
itary organization of the Government, a campaign
and a movement, although resulting gloriously—
1 say when that is asserted in a declaration, it is
a direct charge—I do not say it was intended—
that these proper campaigns and nccessary move-
; nients were not and have not been conceived anil
I put ill execution by the Commander-in-Chief of
i our armies. It is detracting from the general in
1 command of the whole force that which should oe
! meted to him, if, in fact, he has planned and or-
■ ganized these movements; and I believe here,and
1 'l here declare that I believe, that the system of
| movements that has culminated in these glorious
I victories, and which will soo.i put do\vn this Re-
bellion, finds root, brain, and execution in tne
Commanding General of the American Army and
the chief Executive of the American people: and
I would not, by passing this resolution, detract
! one iota from what he has fairly earned,if this be
true, which I believe is true.
i Therefore I am opposed to the resolution, not
' from any disrespect to Generals llalleek and
! Grant; for they have been thanked by the Com-
mander-in-Cluef, by the Secretary of War,_anu
! more than that, by the heartfelt thanks of the
American people—a higher tribute than can ema-
nate from any men in position, however high that
maybe. Is not that enough for them ? Then add
no more by a resolution which silently and insid-
iously, yet no less dangerously, strikesat the Com-
manding General, the head of the Army of the
United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I disagree with the views
of my colleague as to the resolution. I cannot
agree with him that it reflects upon anybody. I
would votefor the resolution cheerfully and gladly
now, but for the reasons I have already mentioned.
I suggest that it should go to the Committee on
Military Affairs; and hence I call the previous
question upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
Mi. MALLOHY. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Kentucky will withdraw that motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I will withdraw it upon the
request of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BURNHAM. I renew the motion.
Mr. NOELL. I ask that the resolution may
be again read.
The resolution was read again.
The motion tolayon the table was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, the resolution was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL,.of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, in order to take up the Post Office
appropriation bill. Pending that motion, I move
that all debate upon the Post Office appropriation
bill be closed in five minutes after the committee
proceed to the consideration thereof.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would be much gratified
if my colleague upon the Committee of Ways and
Means will allow me to introduce a resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must decline,
as I have declined to yield to two or three gentle-
men upon this side, who have asked the same
privilege.
The motion to close debate upon the Post Office
appropriation bill in five minutes after the com-
mittee proceeded to its consideration was agreed to.
The rules were then suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 259) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabar-
ger] bad the floor for an hour upon this bill. I
presume that there will be no objection upon the
part of the committee, that when the next bill
comes up he shall have the floor upon it for an
hour, in consideration of his yielding it upon this.
No objection was made.
The first reading of the bill was, by unanimous
consent, dispensed with.
"The bill was then read by clauses for amend-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the fol-
lowing as a third section to the bill:
See.'3. Jlnd he it further enart.al, That the further sum
of <51,000.000 is iieieby appiopnated, out of any money in
tlie'Troasury not otherwise appiopriated, tor tile service m
liie California cential loutc.
I will say that this appropriation was omilted
by the Committee of Ways and Means, from the
original bill, with the hope that we might possi-
bly5 dispense with it. Upon inquiry and examin-
ation of the subject, we find that the contract has
been made, and that it will probably costas much
to annul the contract as to carry it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. Before the committee rises to
report the bill, I wish to make a statement in re-
gard to it, that the House may understand the
action and intention of the Post Office Department.
It has been found impossible for the Department
to estimate exactly what the cost for tiansport-
ltig the mails throughout the Union will bo for the
fiscal year 18C3. The unsettled condition of the
i country, and the utter impossibility of knowing
I how much of the Union will ba restored undsrthe
