9S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
stars anc! stripes previous to the commencement
of the next fiscal year, render it impossible to
mrfke exact estimates. But they made their esti-
mates upon this basis—they were made before the
T%cent victories which have so electrified the coun-
try—they added to the estimates for the transpor-
tation of the mails in the loyal States one half of
the amount formerly appropriated for the trans-
portation of the mails in the disloyal States. The
intention of the Department is, as the banner of
the Union progresses in these States, to revive the
mail system, cutting off, as far as possible, all
useless routes which do not pay a reasonable per-
centage upon their cost. They are to be put in
operation by means of special agents of the De-
partment as fast as they can be restored, and the
authorityoftheUnionoverthemmaintained. The
estimates by the Department for the services of
special agents, by whom all these routes must be
renewed, was $75,000. The Committee of Ways
and Means have cut it down to $50,000.
I have not moved an amendmentfor the reason
that I thought it sufficient-to notify the House of
the intention of the Department to renew the mail
service in all those southern States by special
agents, by whom alone it can be done, as fast as
the banners of the Union move forward. These
agents have to make temporary arrangements for
supplying the mails, and for reestablishing the post
offices, until the Department can make more per-
manent arrangements. They have also, as far as
possible, to collect the mail-bags, locks, and keys
that were abstracted from us when these States
attempted to secede. All this will require the tabor
of additional special agents, who will need to be
officers of the greatest efficiency and intelligence,
of the best judgment and wisest discretion. As
this is a necessity for the restoration of the mail
service, I feel it due to the House that they should
be informed of the fact, and that they should be
notified that if our Army and Navy go forward
from victory to victory, and States now disloyal
return soon to their allegiance, the Department
may have to ask Congress, before it adjourns, for
an appropriation equal to their original estimate
for this branch of the service.
If the Union shall be restored, this $50,000 will
not be sufficient to pay for the special agents in
the ltfyal States, who are " the eyes of the Depart-
ment,"and for the additional ones sent to renew
this, mail service. I mention this fact in order that
the House may understand the reason, if, before
our adjournment, or at the opening of the next
session, a deficiency bill should be asked for to
appropriate the full amount needed for mail trans-
portation South, and for the additional agents ne-
cessary to renew the now discontinued mail ser-
vice, and to put the present broken machinery
there in successful operation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermon t. I move Ihiit (lie
committee do now rise and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
, resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly bill of the House No.
259, making appropriations for'the service of the
Post Office JD apartment during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of Juno, 1863, find had directed him lo
report the same to the House with an amendment,
and with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was agreed to.
The biU was then ordered to be engiossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table. '
Xhe latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS YOLXfJ 'iXI) GEORGE YOUNG.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Thomas Youn*
and George Young, owners of the schooner Eliz-
abeth Mary; which was read a first and second
tftnfr by its title,
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask that a communi-
cation from the Secretary of State which I send to
the Clerk's desk be read.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Department of State,
Washington, February 21, 1862.
Sir: On the 2d of April, I860, my immediate predecessor
in office communicated to the committee over winch you
preside a copy of papers relating to the remission of a fine
which was imposed upon Thomas Young and George
Young, owners of the schooner Elizabeth Mary, of Prince
Edward's Island, by the New York custom-house, for an
infraction of the revenue laws, and recommended the case
to the favorable consideration of that committee. This rec-
ommendation was acceded to, but it appears that Congress
adjourned without passing the bill reported from the com-
mittee. I now, therefore, have the honor to invite the fa-
vorable attention of the committee anew to the subject.
I have the honor to be, sir, vonr obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. Elliiiu B. Wasiiburne, Chairman of the Committee
on Commerce of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE. This is a small matter,
involving only three or four hundred dollars, and I
wish the House would pass the bill at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Had it not better be referred
to the Committee' of Claims?
Mr. WASHBURNE. It has been considered
by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether the Secretary of
the Treasury is not now authorized to grant the
relief asked for in this case ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Ho is not. It is a very
small matter, involving only about four hundred
dollars.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Th£ amount makes
no difference with me. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole X-Iouse.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the House will
not send it there. It will be the end of the bill.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I raise the
question of order that the bill makes an appro-
priation, and must go to the Committee of the
Whole under the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTION Or INQUIRY.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolve7, That the President be roquoptrd to communi-
cate to (his Ilou^e, ifnot incompatible with the public s>ei-
vice, whether any foieign Power lias received into her
pottf- armed hlup^ m icb«llion against the Government of
tlie United State*, and has allowed them to deliver their
prisoners taken from Amci ican vessels captinedand burned
upon the hi{*h sea«,and hasturm^hed such 0hips with sup-
plier of fuel and stores, with repaiis to tlieii machineiy,
and increase to theii armament; amfwliGthnrsuch Power,
or any Power, has iefu<ed to American national vessels a
harbor in her pons, or to supply them with fuel and stores,
or has intercepted their ingress or egrc&s into or from her
poiN; and ai! information he may have upon the subject,
and all concspomlcnce m relation thereto.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unan i mo us consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the report
ot the Committee on Militaiy Affairs in lecaid to the con-
sit iu tion of,i ship canal ftorn the Mississippi to Lake Michi-
gan, be printed tor the n-*e of the House.
BOUNTY TO TWELVE MONTHS' VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following^resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaits be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of giving a bounty of
fifty dollais to each of the soldieis of the several regiments
which have been icectved into the service of the United
.States tor a pciiod of twelve months, upon then honoiahle
diseliaige at the expnalion of then tenm of sej vice, and re-
port by bill or othciwise.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION PILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules bo suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
oftheUnion for the purpose uf taldngvp the Indian
appropriation bill; and pending that motion, I
move that the general debate be closed in one hour !
after the committee shall proceed to its consider-
ation.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
Tin; question was then taken on the motion to
go into committee; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pendle-
ton in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of bill of the House No. 260, making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1863.
Mr. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor.
Mr. MALLOKY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to suggest to the
chairman and to the committee the propriety of the
committee's rising, for the purpose of an adjourn-
ment of the House as an expression of our sym-
pathy with the President of the United States,
underthegreatbereavementwhich now rests upon
him. I think that some testimony of our sympa-
thy and condolence with him is required, and I
hope the gentleman will yield the floor that I may
make that motion. I will state that the Supreme
Court has adjourned, and that the Senate of the
United States has adjourned, and I hope the House
will do so also.
Mr. SHELLABARGER declined to yield the
floor.
Mr.SHELLABARGER. Mr.Chairman,upon
the 7th day of March, 1850, in a spccch now passed
into the imperishable literature, of the American
Senate, Mr. Webster, drawing his figures from
the classics of another age, thus described the state
of the Republic at that time. He said:
"The imprisoned winds are let loose. The East, the
West, and the stormy South combined to throw the whole
sea into commotion, to toss its billows to the skies, and to
disclose its profoundest depths. I am not fit to hold the
helm in this contest with the political elements. It is well
for the country that theie is a Senate; a body not lo t to a
sense of its high lesponsibilittes; a body to which the whole
country look-* with confidence foi wise, patriotic, and heal-
ing counsels."
But, Mr. Chairman, at that time no weak and
facile Executive had dropped the reins of Gov-
ernment into the hands of a deep and concerted
treason. Then the Cabinet had not become the
heads and ministers of a gigantic rebellion; then
peculation had not impoverished the Treasury,
nor theft fingered the diamonds of the State; then
the guns of "the Republic, turned against her by
hui own sons, in whose souls were new and reek-
ing the sear of recent perjuries, had not shot from
all our southern forts the ensigns of the Republic;
then the Senate and the House had not become
the seats where conspirators held the carnivals of
treason, and where they concerted and whence
they telegraphed to all the extremities of their
hideous plot plans for the overthrow of the Con-
stitution; then no State had turned against the
Republic the dagger of the parricide. Tens of
thousands of her children then were not'exiles
from their homes because they would not write
the mark of Catiline or Iscariot upon their brows.
Then other thousands had not, in the Constitu-
tion's defense, mingled their blood with the blood
of the Revolution, which almost yet crimsons the
shores of the rivers. Treason had not yet deso-
lated cities and fields of fairest portions of the land.
It had not then betrayed navies and light-houses
and fortresses and ordnance and treasuries and
mints and arsenals and armies into the hands of
its allies. Two hundred thousand of the bayonets
of a huge rebellion were not then gleaming in the
sunlight which is reflected from the dome of the
Capitol. Six hundred thousand of the loyal sons
of the Republic, in lines stretching from the mouths
of the Potomac and the Delaware to the sources
of the Missouri, were not started to the deadly
shock of battle. Then had not come the realiza-
tion of that strange vision, thrown by the wizard
pencil of a prophetic limner upon his imperish-
able canvas, in which we see "the broken and
! dishonored fragments of a once glorious Union,
| States dissevered, discordant, and belligerent, a
I land rent with civil feuds and drenched in fraternal
! blood.5' Then, none of these. .Aoic they have all
, come—ci me, u is true, most foully, causelessly,
! wickedly, but still no less really come.
I Sir, I have alluded to the relations to each other
1 of that time and this, to indicate the profound dis-
; trust with which I approach the discussion of the
issues upon which I now enter. 1 scarce indulge
the extravagancies of lhetonc, nor deal in fignifs
of speech, when I say that in hours we here fix
| the destinies of centuries, and our minutes chron-
| icle the events of ages; and the high moment of
1 the trusts consigned now to the American Con-
