1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gress finds sonic fit designation in an aphorism
which has been recovered from the ruins of an-
other republic, which declares that" no human
virtue approaches so near the divine, as that
which establishes and preserves the State.55 Our
very instincts, in times of danger, impel us to cir-
cumspection and care. The trained beast on the
verge of Alpine precipices, where one bad step
won Id dash it ujDon invisible depths below, selects
and tiies, with unerring instinct, each stone before
it trusts its fate upon the treacherous pathways.
Although the end we aim at—the preservation
of the Republic—neither demands nor admits of
circumspection, moderation, or choice, yet the
means for the attainment of that end demand them
all; and he who now hap no doubts nor misgiv-
ings as to the selection of the fittest means, may
find that nut always the wisest men "rush in
where angels doubtful tread." That this end shall
be attained is resolved—not resolved only m those
momentsofnational humiliation and shame which
followed the fall of Sumter; but that resolve, by
the sense of inexpressible wrongs, is burnt, with
inextinguishable fire, deep into the undying pur-
poses of this vast people.
Permit me now to make some suggestions as to
the wisdom of some measures now before the Con-
gress as means for the reestabhshment of the Gov-
ernment. And, sir, at the threshold of the con-
sideration of every possible measure aiTecting the
policies of this conflict, we are met by the grave
and radical inquiry whether, in its prosecution and
in the selection of the means for the suppression
of the rebellion, Congress and the President and
his subordinates at the head of the Army, are still
under the guidance and the high sanction of the
Constitution and of public law, and should select
such means as are in harmony with these; or
whether, on the other hand, in dealing with cause-
less and formidable rebellion, all the departments
of the Government arc absolved from the recog-
nition of law? Sir, this may seem a strange and
useless inquiry—an abstraction—having no appli-
cation to the investigations now before Congress,
and m the answer to which all are agreed. I
thought so, too, Mr. Chairman, when this Con-
gress convened. I thought that all men united
m one harmonious assent that now and yet the
Constitution and law presided over all the con-
duct of all departments of the Government, in all
the majesty of its forces and authority, guiding,
swaying, controlling, giving bounds and system
and order to them all. 1" thought that the effort
which the Government, in the hour of jts peril,
by us Constitution, is required to put forth for its
deli\eictnee fiom the lebelhun, was not a plunger
into anarchy.
Sir, the sentiments uttered upon this floor, and
urged for adoption upon this House, and also upon
the Senate, have rendered the inquiry which T now
make, as to what relations the Constitution and
law sustain to this war, one of a practical import-
ance absolutely startling.
1 maintain, sir, that it is not within the right,
nor the necessities, nor the just policy, of any de-
partment of this Government to disregard the obli-
gations of law in the prosecution of this war—
neithei in the selection of means for the restoia- j
tion of the Government nor in their application j
to any citizen. ;
The two distinct classes of powers which in- [
here in the very essence of every constitutional |
and supreme Government are well enough stated ;
by Mr. Adams when he says: j
" Tlicie sue. then, Mr. Chaumnn. in the authmity of Con- <
mc^andof the Executive two elates of powei-^altogether ;
ciifiVient m their n<Uiuc,and olteu incompatible Willi caeh j
other—the war powei awl the peace nower. The p. <iee i
powei is limited by icgulations and le.^tuctod by ptovisinns
pte-cubcd within'the^Constitution itself. The war power j
is limited only by the laws and usages of nations. This j-
powcr is tiemendoiih; it j* ^tnrtlv constitutional, but it '
bieak-dmvn rvciyhnmci so <uiuou-.lv erected for tllC pio- [
taction of' iibettv. ot propel ty, and of life.1' j
The purposes of the picsent inquiry lead me, i
thorefoie. directly to ascertain what is the "war ;i
power" of this Government, and what the rcia- .j
tion ofthat power to the Constitution. !i
This requires that we should ascertain the re- !,
lation which the "jaw of nations"sustams to the ;i
American Constitution. That the law of nations
is pait of our constitutional law 1 think is mcon- ,|
testable. I
The Constitution, m t- nns, gives to Congress j
- tin- pow . i " to punish offenses against the law ot ,i
933
nations," and thereby recognizes that law as part
of itself. It also confers on Congress the power
to punish crimes only known to the law of na-
tions, of which " piracy"is an example. Item-
ploys terms, designations of offices, and titles only
employed by the law of nations; as " captures,"
"letters of marque," "embassadors," "consuls,"
and 44 public ministers."
The same important doctrine, that the law of
nations is part of the constitutional law of the Uni-
ted States, is also established by the invariable
practice of the Government itself, by the author-
ity of our own jurists, by the opinions of the most
eminent statesmen, by the invariable adjudica-
tions of the courts of the States of the Union, and
by the repeated decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States.
The most eminent work upon the law ever given
to the profession in the United States, in its open-
ing sentence, states this doctrine most explicitly.
"When," says Chancellor Kent, " the United
States ceased to be part of the British empire, and
assumed the character of an independent nation,
they thereby became subject to that system of rules
which reason, morality, and custom had estab-
lished among civilized nations as the public law."
Justice Story, in discussing the powers of the
President in war, says:
" He cannot lawfully transcend the rules of war as estab-
lishcdamongcivilizednations." * * * * "The
modern usages of nations am resorted to merely as a limita-
tion to this di?cietion of the President."
The Supreme Court of the United States has
again and again so declared the law. In Jecker
et al.fi'S. Montgomery, (13 Howard,) that court
declares that the international law forms part of
the municipal law of every country. It has, for
centuries, been held to be part of the common law
of England; and " it is well settled that the com-
mon law of England, so far as it is consistent with
the constitutions of this country, and remains un-
altered by statutes, is an essential part of Ameii-
can j urisprudence."
In his letter of April 04,1841, to Mr. Pox, your
Secretary of State, Mr. Webster, commits this
Government to the absolutely binding force of
public law upon all the departments of the Gov-
ernment.
In alluding to the claim of McLeod, a subject
of Great Britain, then on trial in New York for a
homicide committed in that State, to be discharged
upon the ground that his offense was committed
by the authority of the British Government, Mr.
Webster says:
(e Mr. "VIcLcod demands indemnity fiom personal respons-
ibility by virtue of the law of nations. That law, in civil-
ized States, is to be respected in ail eon its. None is either
so high' or fe'o low as to escape fiom us authority hi cases
wheie its mles and principles apply."
That same eminent jurist, certainly the most
able of the present ccntury, speaking upon the
same point, says:
"You cannot ct-cape from the law of nations where its
principles apph. The air of eveiy judicature is full of it.
It peivades ihe courts of Jaw of the highest cinuacter, and
the couit of piepoudre. It is a patt of the universal law.
It may share the gloiious eulogy of Hooker upon law itself, :
that4 there is nothing so high as to be bejoiul its powei— ,
nothing so low as to be beneath its eaie.' " I
Mr. Chairman, I will introduce but one other !
single witness in support of this argument I make j
in favor of the reign of law—of constitutional law |
—now, even in the midst of the clash of arms and j
the chaos of war. I take that witness from our
most illustrious dead. Mr, Adams, alluding to
the force of the law of nations in war, says:
c: The war powei limited by the law of nation*.51 *
" (t is ^tiictly constitutional." ~ " * ;
*• CDngre-^ must eairy on war, whetliei of invasion or ot
msauccuon, aceouhng to the laws of war." j
I conclude, therefore, that the law of nations is \
so incorporated into and so become part of the j
constitutional law as to have become rules, limit- j
ations, and guides, controlling every department ,
of the Government of the United States in the ex- '
crcise of the lights of war; and whenever it con- ;
trols or interprets constitutional powers, it cannot j
be escaped from any more than can be the plain- j
est provisions of the Constitution. But, sir, do !
the rules of the international code apply to a civil \
war like that which now involves the Government j
in its fearful perils? That they do, is as plain as j
that they apply to any war. Neither precedents, j
authorities, nor decisions confine these lights of j
war to ony particular kind of war, but extend f he-m ;
to all that 11" war"—that is, to all contests of force !
in which the belligerents are sufficiently compact,
organized, and^iowerful to maintain organized
armies, and are not mere "mobs" or "hoards
of wandering savages," or "pirates," or "as-
sociations of robbers." Our Government has,
during its entire existence, acted upon the same
doctrine; and it is declared, in the special mes-
sage of President Jackson, of the 21st Decem-
ber, 1836, to be in accordance with the just prin-
ciples of public policy. The Supreme Court of
the United States has uniformly so declared the
public law; as in 3 Wheaton, 310, and 4 Wheaton,
52; and Mr. Adams, in the celebrated speech from
which I have quoted, declares the same rule of
public law when he says, " a war against insur-
rection must be carried on according to the laws
of war."
Sir, the Constitution, therefore, brings to its de-
fense and shields itself, in times of civil war, in
the panoply of public law, not by authorizing any
violation of its provisions, but by invoking and
bringing into operation part of its own powers—
powers silent in peace but omnipotent in war.
I should nothave ventured to argue propositions
so evident before the meeting of this Congress;
but, sir, I have been'led to do so by the views
which I have heard so earnestly pressed upon the
consideration of Congress.
We are,in substance,told that the Presidentof
the United States, in according to rebels some of
the rights of war, is doing so in violation of the
Constitution, and has made them foreign States!
One gentleman, in an ingenuous and able argu-
ment, assures us that—
" The woik of the Government, at its present stage, Is
not. therefoie, suppression ofinsunection in anyjustsense;
but the overthrow of a rebellious belligerent Powei. Its
success does not signify the execution of the terms of an
existing government in the seceded States, remitting them
to then original status in the Union ; but implies their sub-,
jugation to the sovereignty of the United States, to beheld ^
as territories, or military dependencies, or States, or any-
thing else we please."
The same gentleman also informs us, after enu-
merating rights of war which have been by the
Executive, through his subordinates in command,
practiced in the treatment of rebels—such as our
blockade, the use of Hags of truce, holding them
as prisoners of war, exchange of prisoners, and
recognizing their embassadors as the representa-
tives of a belligerent, that—
"The action of our Government in all these matters is
ncccssaiily based on the theory that the confederate States
(so called) are beyond the jurisdiction of the Union, holding
a middle giound, subject to the issue of the pending con-
flict."
What do gentlemen mean when theyarguethat
this Government in suppressing this insurrection
cannot bring into operation the laws of war with-
out recognizing a statxis which places them " be-
yond the jurisdiction of the Union^'to be held after
subjugation as "territories or military depend-
encies, or States, or anything else we please?"
Does it mean that after this rebellion shall have
been quelled—after any rebellion shall have been
' quelled—the rebel district or State is, ipso facto,
out-of the United States, and the Union dissolved?
Does it mean that whenever you have to resort to
war, and in war use its laws in suppressing in-
surrection, then the rebellion, or its suppression,
or the use of a flag of truce in the suppression,
has severed the Union, and dissolved the whole
structure of the Government? If so, was it the
" rebellion," or was it the " flag of truce," or was
it the " suppression" which placed the State " be-
yond the jurisdiction of the Union r" Which did
it; or was it all three? Sir, it can scarcely be that
' I understand gentlemen. If I do, then, in the
suppression of every rebellion, where you must
call out the militia and resort to war, one of two
things must occur: either in the employment of
this militia of the States, which the Constitution
says you mustcall out for that purpose, you must
employ nnrir of the symbols nor rules nor prac-
tices of civilized warfare; or, if you do, then you
have given to the rebels a "status" which "au-
thorizes them to make war upon the Constitu-
tion," and which pLices them " beyond the juris-
diction of the Union;" and just when the majesty
of the Government has triumphed in reasserting
its sway and in establishing the Union, you have,
j in your triumph, destroyed the Union.
j Look at this dilemma. It is the law of nations
! alone which forbids the slaughter of prisoners of
. w.ir. Forbid your legions that slaughter, and
i you have recognized the laws ot war. It. is the law
