934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
of nations alone which throws its shield over help-
less infancy. Prohibit infanticide, and punish it
in- your Army, and you recognize and adopt the
laws of war. Woman relies upon the laws of war
for-her protection. Punish your soldier for out-
rages upon defenseless woman,and you give your
enemy what he isentitled to only by the laws of
war. Sir, it is the law of nations which puts out
the torch which is firing the retreats of children,
the asylums of the insane, the collections of liter-
ature, the productions of science, the monuments
of art, the seats of learning, the sanctuaries of re-
ligion, the hospitals of the aged, the infirm, and
the wounded; which keeps poison out of food and
fountains. Compel, within your lines, the pro-
tection of any of these, and you have accordcd to
your adversary rights he can only claim as a bel-
ligerent under the international law.
Sir, light up the pathway of your Army with
cities in bonfire. Strew your road, not with the
1 branches of the palm in honor of God-given vic-
tories, but scatter beneath the progress of your
eagles the child whom you have dashed against
the wall, the dishonored bodies of women whom
you have slain, the charred bones of the insane,
the sick, and the wounded whom you have con-
sumed in those sanctuaries of misfortune and help-
lessness which even war consecrates to these. Let
the measured steps of your cohorts be taken to
the music to which the Roman eagles were carried
when " in Rama was there a voice heard, lamenta-
tion and weeping and great mourning." Ay, sir,
let Liberty herself, as she is carried at the head of
your triumphant battalions, not wcav the vesture
and crown and scepter, emblems of her majesty
and purity; but drape her in garments dipped in the
blood of " the innocents;" bind on her brow of
alabaster a crown of night-shade, and putinto her
hly fingers some cup of hemlock, and let all these
be symbols of the war waged by the Army of the
Republic for law, but waged without law !
Sir, the Capitol of this Republic was once on
fire. It was set on fire by the hand of war, but
in violation of the laws of war. But the hand
which lighted it kindled a flame in whose glare
will be read forever th& infamy of England. In
the House of Commons, upon the 11th day of
April, 1815, Sir James Mackintosh declared, in
speaking of the burning of this city, that, " after
twenty-five years of fiercest warfare, every great
capital of the European continent had been spared
- —he had almost said respected—by enemies, it
was reserved for England to violate all the decent
courtesy towards the seats of national dignity."
u That aucccss was a thousand times more dis-
graceful than defeat—a success which had made
the naval power of England hateful and alarming
to all Europe." These sentiments have rendered
their author illustrious. Yes, sir; all I have
alluded to as a war without law you must have
m this war, or if you do not you have made your
enemy a belligerent, and out of the Union !
Look for a moment at another result of this
strange doctrine, that a rebellion or a flag of truce
or an exchange of prisoners or any other act of
civilized war, places the revolted States out of
the Union. Admit it, and you instantly plope
it within the power of any traitorous district—a
Burr conspiracy, a Mingo Cieoic revolt, a Hart-
ford convention, or a Charleston rebellion—to dis-
solve the whole framework of the Constitution,
and to overthrow the Government. Let it be set-
tled that what is required to put a State or a dis-
trict out of the Union is only to resist the law
by a force too powerful for the marshals, so that
the Union must call into operation the poweis of
war to suppress insurrection, and in that war
practice the rights of all civilized war, and that
then, by your act of war in the overthrow of the
rebellion, all the sublime guarantees of the Con-
stitution, all the majesty of its presence, its pro-
tection, and its forces have been dissipated at
the touch of treason, and have disappeared from
the land of the rebellion, as the fogs float ofTfrom
the surface of the rivers, then where may your
flitting and fugitive Constitution abide? It be-
comes a cheat, a vapor, a will-o'-the-wisp, which
dances and flits over the quagmires and fens of its
deserted dominions, chased by apuisuing treason
which it can neither resist or approach.
Sir, those words of the Constitution—" the
Union"—take into their high import not the idea
of unimpaired territorial dominion alone, but in-
volve as well the indestructibility of the States
themselves. Their perpetual life is guarantied
against invasion, secured in republican forms of
government, in interchangeable rights of citizen-
ship, in equal representation in the Senate, and in
at least one representative in the House. The
Constitution apportions among them electors and
direct taxes; gives faith and credit to their public
acts, records, and judicial proceedings; returns to
them fugitives from their justice; secures them
against the infraction of their territorial limits;
and then subordinates them all, as to Federal
powers, to the Constitution, laws, and treaties of
the United States. Destroy one of these political
identities called " States," which the Constitution
so fully recognizes, protects, and unites, and you
destroy " the Union" itself. Admit that a State
can do, by rebellion or secession, an act which
can destroy a " State," and you admit that the
rebellion or secession can destroy what the Con-
stitution has guarantied to protect. If an armed
minouty,or even a temporary majority, may, in
spite of the Constitution, and by means of the
very "'domestic violence "against the State which
the Constitution covenants to suppress, commit
the murder of a State, then each State may be so
murdered, and you have a Union of States with-
out a State in the Union; two Houses of Con-
gress without a member in either House; a Pres-
ident chosen by electors appointed from each
State, but no State to appoint any electors!
Mr. Chairman, this fatal error, which gives to
void State action validity for the purpose of de-
stroying itself, misconceives, as its kindred error
the right of secession misconceives, the very found-
ation principle upon which the entire structure of
the Government rests, and which taken away, the
whole Government falls. Marshall, the great pio-
neer jurist of the Constitution, states that princi-
ple in words wise, memorable, and just, when he
declares—
" The Government of the Union is emphatically and truly
a Government ot tlie people, in form and substance it
emanates from them, powers are granted by them, and
are to be exeicised directly on them, and for their benefit."
That Union, which it required the will of this
whole people to make, can only be dissolved by
the will which created it; and, being made and
administered "for the benefit" of all the vast body
of the people, it cannot be overthrown nor any
part of its dominions or ofits States be withdrawn
from its " jurisdiction," either by an act of seces-
sion or by an act of rebellion or by a flag of truce
used in the suppression of a rebellion or by any
act less than the will of the people who made it.
No, no. It is not the rights of treason which
forbid the dissolution of the Union by means of
an unsuccessful rebellion.
Sir, it is a delusion which assumgjs that none
but the rebellious are interested in the momentous
principles, written in imperishable light as the
very head-lines of the Constitution, and which
consecrate it to " a more perfect union," " to the
common defense," "the general welfare," " the
liberty of otuselves and our posterity, "and which
secures to the citizens of each State all the priv-
ileges of the citizens of the several States, protects
them against domestic violence and in republican
forms of government. It is a delusion which
assumes that rebels only are conccrncd in the
question whether the mouths of the Mississippi,
the sources of the Gulf stream, the fountains of the
trade winds, and the harbors of a continent, are
within the Union or §ut. Those whose fortunes
are given to the rescue of their States from rebel-
lion have some concern to know whether, when
the rebellion is crushed in their States, they will
hare ceased to be equal members of a once glori-
ous Union, or whether they will have become
" military districts or what else we may please."
It id too plain for cavil that, instead of the Con-
stitution and laws becoming silent and its Union
dissolving in the midst of arms, and in the times
of great public, danger, if is preeminently for just
these times that the Constitution and the guides
and restraints of law are made. When the forms
of government and political and social systems
are on the verge of dissolution in the storms and
convulsions of society, then it is that the only
safety of society is in clinging with new devotion
to our cherished institutions, and in gathering
more closely around and guarding with a higher,
purer, holier patriotism all the principles and all
the parts of the Constitution and the laws.
Sir, it is not so. The Constitution has not so
ordered it that whenever those powers are brought
into operation which it holds in reserve for its de-
liverance from its most deadly perils, and when,
by a resort to arms, it puts itself upon the justice
of God, and when its majesty has just been vin-
dicated by the overthrow of treason, that then the
triumph of the Constitution is but the consumma-
tion of a self-slaughter, and its deliverance from
the rebellion is the last act in a tragedy ending in
a hideous/eJo de se.
The wisdom which devised all the sublime
framework of the Government seems, in times
like these, more than ever the inspiration of the
Divinity. After having arranged all its vast, in-
tricate, and harmonious machinery for the secu-
rity of the rights of the people and of the States,
in all the peaceful and ordinary expeiiences and
designs of human government, then to perpetu-
ate, to protect, and to shield them all in the day of
battle, it has covered itself with the impenetrable
panoply of law—a law which draws all its ma-
terials from the sources of our holy religion and
of our Christian civilization. It has laid atits own
deep foundations,and covered its exalted summits,
and fortified nil its approaches with the forces and
sanctions of the international law—a law not alien
to itself, not in conflict with any of its provisions,
but one with which the Constitution has pene-
trated its very essence and being, and which at
once illustrates, sanctifies, and guards the whole.
If that aphorism, now so often and so flippantly
quoted on this floor—which is derived from an age
anterior to the growth of the international law,
and which had its terrible significance in that con-
spiracy which drew it from the lips of a Roman
consul—"inter arma silent leges," is intended to
indicate that the Constitution and public law of
the world tftter no commands in civil war, then
its employment here, and now, is a most perni-
cious and fatal error, striking at the heart of all
government, all security, and all law; annihilating
at a blow all that distinguishes our cause, which
is one for law, for Government, and for Constitu-
tion, from the cause of the rebellion, which is for
the destruction of them all; and it at once precip-
itates us all together into that abyss, at the bot-
tom of which you can only see the " remorseless
revolutionary struggles" of force and passion,
from which all human eyes turn away appalled.
Sir, had the President taken his formulas for
this war from that war brought by England upon
the Carnatic,and which Edmund Burke describes
as drawing from every quarter whatever savage
ferocity could add to the new rudiments in the
arts ot destruction, and compounding all the ma-
terials of fury, havoc, and destruction into one
black cloud, hanging for awhile upon the declivity
of the mountains, and then bursting in a storm of
universal fire upon the land, blasting every field,
consuming every house,destroying every temple
—the miserablemhabitants,as they fly from their
burning homes, enveloped in whirlwinds of pur-
suing cavalry, slaughtered without regard to ago,
sex, or condition,until all the horrors of war ever
known before should become mercy compared to
that new havoc! Had he done this, it would have
been the war required by the doctrines which I re-
sist, which would not give to the revolt the status
of *a belligerent, nor put the States " oat of the
jurisdiction of the Union." But, sir, such a war
would have impeached the Piesident—as Hastings
was impeached before the Lords of England—in
the name of the Constitution which he had tram-
pled upon, in the name of the people whose char-
acter he had dishonored, in the name of the eter-
nal law of justice which he had violated, and in the
name of human nature itself which he had outraged.
From what I have said it results that in a war
against rebellion this Government is endowed
with all the powers over persons and property
which are the incidents of civilized war, and with
the additional power of all Governments over trea-
son. This comes from the traitor having two dis-
tinct legal characters which are both alike known
to the law, to wit, enemy and traitor. I under-
stood the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
i-iees] to deny that this Government, in this war
against rebellion, holds war powers over the per-
sons and property of rebels, by which their prop-
erty can be forfeited as an act of war. Why, Mr.
Chairman, this denial, this doctrine, of that gen-
tleman is so sclf-evidently fallacious that it is"the
precise principle seised upon, in the case of Luther
vs. Borden, hy the Supreme Court of the United
