936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
best of all, with perfect safety to themselves. Sir,
your
" Decides, <W<1 to infliction, to themselves are dead;
Aiid liberty plucks ju&tice by the nose."
Another of the reasons for the position I have
indicated relates to the question of the constitu-
tionality of anymeasure of emancipation by Con-
gress, except such as are an exercise of the power
of Congressto " make rulesconcerningcapturcs."
I think the bill from the Military Committee'is a
constitutional exercise of that power, and I have
already said that, so far as it relates to captures,
I favor it. What I deny is the power of Con-
gress to cnact a permanent and municipal regu-
lations forfeiting, confiscating, or emancipating
property which is never " captured" in war, anu
that without trial for treason. What I mean to
assert I desire to state carefully, and I may also
enforce what I mean by an illustration. Suppose
the rebellion at an end, and, of course, the war
for its suppression at an end. Hut it did not be
come necessary to, nor did you, free all the slaves,
and the slaves of deceased rebels are held by their
heirs. Or suppose you did eaptnifi and free all
the slaves in some State which, however, is now
loyal and in the Union, but the people have, un-
der their State constitutions, reintroduced slavery.
Now, how are we to execute our statute in either
of these cases? it will not do to say that you will
continue or renew the war against slavery. For
most manifestly you cannot make or continue the
war to abolish slavery now, when there is no re-
bellion, any more than you could have made a war
for that purpose before there was any rebellion.
The war for that end could not be continued as an
enforcement of a municipal act of Congress, nor
could you appeal to the courts for its enforcement
as a municipal enactment, because it is impossi-
ble to hold that the mere fact that the act was
passed m time of war enables it to impose forfeit-
ures which arc expressly prohibited to be enforced
in time of peace. To hold that you may, during
a rebellion, pass a law which shall continue in
force and be executed, either by war or by the
courts, through all time, which imposes forfeit-
ures which you could not enact into law in time of
peace, would be, in principle, precisely the same,
ns to hold that bccause you may, during a rebel-
lion, deprive men of the privilege of the writ of
habeas coiyxiSi theiefore you may enact a law dur-
ing the rebellion depriving the rebellious districts
and the rebel inhabitants of the privilege of the
writ forever. It is asserting that m times of re-
bellion you may pass a law which shall be opera-
tive through all time, and be executed, if need be,
by war, which shall abolish, as to the rebel inhab-
itants and districts, after they shall have become
loyal, t heir local institutions, and, as to thorn, the.
Constitution of the United States also ! W hat 1
here argue is explicitly declared by Mr. Adams,
15th of""April, 1842. He says, speaking of a time
of war:
il T bay that the military authoiity take^. for fhctirncjhc
place of all institutions, and ot' slavery among
lb em.57
Mr. Adams makes the whole power of the Gov-
ernment over slavery to continue "for the time"
of the war, and that only by the "laws of war
taking the precedence" of municipal laws and
institutions.
But take another illustration of this power of
Congress to adopt permanent municipal enact-
ments, and of making them operative in peace and
war, as modes of forfeiture which are forbidden
by the Constitution as peace powers.
On the 27th of June, 1851, Mr. Webster wrote
to Hamilton of iYew York, setting forth a resolu-
tion in winch it was—
u Resolved, That as God is our helper, we will not culler
i'nv charged with being a iugitive fiom k'bor to be
taken from among u 
Now, Mr. Wtbster asserts, what no one will
deny who knows the law, that this resolution car-
ried out by the force of arms or of numbers would
be treason. Now, I inquire may we enact a law
providing thnt any one who shall, " by force of
numbcis and arms" assist in resisting the fugi-
tive slave law, and also his children and heirs,
shall forfeit, without trial for that offense, all his
properly forever? May wo tins winter add such
a section to the iugitive slave law? If not, why
not? You must remember the punishment of
treason does not depend on the latitude in which
it was committed*, nor upon ichichX aw of the Gov-
ernment the war is levied against; nor what the
size of the war is, so that it be a levying of war.
I admit that I am wholly incapable of seeing why
we may not amend the fugitive slave law as I have
above indicated, if we may pass a law, operative
beyond our military lines, and not in regulation of
military camps or captures, but operative through
all time and over the whole land after we shall be
at peace, which shall punish southern treason as
we could not punish northern treason.
In what 1 have here said touching the right of
confiscation and forfeiture by the Government
being limited as I have argued,! have by no means
overlooked those exceptions of summary right of
forfeiture which the Government has always ex-
ercised for the enforcement of revenue laws, and
of official duties, and imposing forfeitures in rem
for illegal employment of property. All such for-
feitures rest upon special and peculiar grounds,
which arc elaborately discussed and stated in the
case of Murry, lessee, 18 Howard. These excep-
tions, there brought to notice, affect in no degree
what is here argued.
It is claimed, however, for the policy of general
acts of emancipation, that the fear of forfeiture
will deter men from acts of forfeiture. The self-
evident answer to this is, that your legislation
alone will not free a single slave whom you do
not "capture," and therefore the emancipation
of " captured" slaves of rebels will be as great a
restraint upon acts of treason as general acts of
emancipation will be.
Another argument in favor of this legislation
is its tendency to give hope to the slaves, and to
artay them on the side of the Government. But,
sir, how perfectly obvious it is that a policy which
protects those slaves of rebels whom we capture,
famishes to them equal and far safer inducements
to be on the side of the Government. To induce
those whom your arms cannot protect to insur-
rection, is to invite them to indiscriminate self-
slaughter. The other policy excites hope m them
just as fast as it is wise and useful to excite it,
'and that with supreme regard to the public safety, j
Another plea, based upon notions of policy, in
favor of this legislation is, that it gives a moral
quality to the war which will unite England m
sympathy with us. England! You will throw
out a tub to the whale. England ! sir, it lsutterly
preposterous. He must be blind beyond medi-
cation, even by "clay made of spittle," who does
not see that the only governing class in England—
the lory—now against us in sympathy, is so just
because they prefer the aristocracy of slave power
to the dignity of free labor, which they hate. No,
sir, if you would angle for England, and would
bait your hook to catch the ruling toiy class of
the " guardian of civilization," put upon it all that
debases free labor and exalts upon its ruin classes
of privilege.
It is asserted that the objections to this legis-
lation have their origin in the mastery still held
by the slave power over the minds of legislators,
Presidents, and commanders. I think, Mr. Chair-
man, that mastery is aheady gone in tins Republic,
and I trust forever. No, sir; my objection to it
is that while it is practically useless, its tendency
is not only to overthrow this Government, but in
that overthrow lo establish a slave confederacy
having its foundation and top-stone laid in hu-
man bondage, and to set back the sun of human
liberty perhaps for ages.
Sir, change, by ynur legislation, this war from
one to overthrow rebellion against the Constitu-
tion into one for the enforcement, by the sword,
of our views of moial duty, and be assured that
if your legislation is not rendered impotent of evil
by the success of our arms before it is adopted,
yon will have incurred imminent danger of the
demoralization of our own Army—dangei of add-
ing fearfui accessions to the forces of rebellion in
States now struggling with you for the Govern-
ment—danger of adding their resources and terri-
tories to some slave power—dangeroftransferring
the war into the free States, and of giving frightful
force to the elements of treason and of revolution
wlueh have slumbered m your own midst, and of
at once ending this war in the establishment of
slavery's supremacy over more than half of our
territories; or if you do not thus end it, you will
! plunge the Republic into a gulf at whose bottom
rage, in infernal discord, all that revolutions,
steeped in passion, einue, and anaivhy can make-
up of public woe. Do not say I paint, or dream.
I would it were all dream. Would that this hide-
ous train of goblins damned, which this rebellion
has already brought, having
" Treason and murder ever kept together,
As two yoke-deviis, sworn to cither's puipose,"
for file leaders, and with rapine, arson, perjury,
and all the other crimes which make up the troops
of hell for followers, were all a horrid dream.
Sir, have the events which have passed us in this
ghastly panorama not yettaughtus that there isno
catastrophe, no crime, no fell purpose too dark,
dreadful, or complete, to come to us unless con-
summate wisdom avoid them ?
Sir, in urging wise I do not urge timid or tender
policies. Nay, sir, we have had too much of
these. I detest them as weak and unmanly efforts
to conciliate treason, which these efforts dare to
wanton with, but dare not to strike. 1 am im-
pelled by my love of peace, by my horror of hu-
man slaughter, by my admiration of free institu-
tions,and by my detestation of this treason against
them, to favor every blow, consistent with civil-
ized war, which either will or which i~nay ration-
ally be expected to contribute to treason's over-
throw.
But then, sir, on the other hand, we dare not
forget that
'■ True fortitude is seen in great exploits
That justice warrants and that wisdom guides;
All else is towering fienzy and distraction."
I remember that it is the poorest cheat and
counterfeit of courage and of enlightened progress
which abounds in swelling words, makes allies of
imbecile rashness, harnesses m her car of war the
tyrant's pack-horse, cruelty, and then dashes,
with blind and impotent fury, into perils which it
could neither comprehend nor overcome.
That such consequences as I have alluded to
may come from this revolutionary legislation, in
the disorganization of our Army, in the alienation
of other States, and in the alienation of the loyal
people of the South, you have the testimony of
the most enlightened men of the South, and also
of a very large proportion of the armies of the
Republic. And who are these men, in these Halls
and out, who bear this testimony? They are the
men who have made the loyal part of the public
sentiment of the South. They are the m.en who
have been the breakwaters in helping to turn back
from you the tides of treason which have swept,
like floods of lava, toward your shores. They are
the men who in the storms which have swept then-
States have held them to the moorings of the Con-
stitution—men whose votives now upon their
country's altars are homes, estates, children, and
their own blood.
Sir, can we trust these witnesses? Have they
shown their love of country yet enough to induce
us to believe that they would not bear false wit-
ness against her as to these apprehended results
so vital to us all? But if you will not believe these,
nor the men now in arms who speak for them-
selves and their commands, and who tell you that
it may be fatal to change the ends and purposes
of this war from one for the Constitution into one
for something else, call it what you please, then I
invoke you to heed the inexorable logic of the fear-
ful events of this rebellion which have swept into
its terrific maelstrom already the forms of govern-
ment and the institutions of one third these States,
-j and which but recently was carrying around in
1 the giddy whirl of its outer circles so many more;
and do not for the poor sake of an abstraction, for
; the sake of uttering statutes which can have 110
useful results beyond your power to enforce them,
| nsk all we have. In invitingmsunection, or up-
' rising by the slaves, do not place them where they,
: unarmed and defenseless as they are, will, if your
' legislation has the Leudency designed, be f=!ain by
hecatombs to prevent the consummation your le-
! gislation invites.
! The policy indicated by the Military Commit-
tee's bill is, m substance, that inaugurated at Port,
i Pi.oyal and at other points where slaves have fallen
1 into our hands; is the exercise of a just and con-
| stitutional war power for the safety of the Repub-
i lie, and is acquiesced 111 by the country. Make
| that uniform by law, and then let it alone. Tmst
I the retributions of war and the logic of batlh m for
,, the rest. Sir, the results of that retiibution, and the
inductions of that logic, aie neither doubtful 01
obsetue; and they die penciled in no ambiguous
