988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
. Tlie previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered lo be put
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time;and being engrossed, was accordingly-
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The lattci motion was agreed to.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr STEVENS, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Treasury note bill, made the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses ou the amendments to the bill (II. JR.. No.
240)to authorize the issue of United States notes, and for the
redemption or funding thereof, arid forfunding the floating
debt of'the United State?, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to iccommend, and do recommend
to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate iccede from their second, fourth, and
fifth amendments.
That the House of Representatives recede from its dis-
agreement to the ninth and fourteenth amendments of the
Serrate.
That the House of iiejuesentdtives recede ftoin theii
amendment to the Senate's tenth amendment.
That the Senate recede from so much of their tenth
amendment as piopo os to insert words in lieu of the words
stricken out, and that the Ilou&e agree to the said amend-
ment as so modified.
That the House of Itcpiesentatives recede from its dis-
agreement to the Senate's nineteenth amendment, and
agree to the same with the following amendments: after
the word " goods," m the second line, Hiikc outthe words
" the proceeds of the sale of the public lands and the pro-
ceeds of all propmy seized and sold under the laws of the
United States, as the piopeny of irheK,''5 mid inseit the
words "shall he paid in coin and;" and after the word
" taxes," in the first section of the bill, line twenty-one, in-
sert •*' internal j" and altei the word " duties," in the same
line, strike out the word "impoits;" and after the word
" States," in the twenty-third line, inseit " except duties
on Imports;" and in line thirty, after the woid '"interest,"
insert the words " and duties on imports." *
W. P. FESSENDEN,
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHNS. CAULILE,
Managers on the fart of the Senate.
"THADDEUS STEVENS,
V. II. IIOliTON,
C. D. SEDGWICK,
il/hwagcrs on the part of the House.
Mr STEVENS Mr. Speaker, perhaps it would
be as well for me to say a few words in explana-
tion of the action of the committee of conference,
in order that the members of the House may vote
on it undcrstandingly.
The first amendment from which the Senate re-
ceded relates to the $50,000,000 of notes in lieu of
the demand Treasury notes, bearing seven and
three tenths interest, authorized to be issued by
the act of July, and made a legal tender. The
House disagreed to that amendment of the Sen-
ate, and the Senate, in the report of the commit-
tee, recede from that amendment.
The next amendment of the Senate of import-
ance which the Senate teccde from refers to the
payment of interest in coiu. The amendment of
the Senate was so amended as to except from the
operation of the legal tender clause the payment
of duties on imports. Its effect will be to provide
that these Tieasury notes shall not be a legal tender
in the payment of those duties on imports, but
that such duties must be paid in gold and silver.
The next one is in rcgaid to the provisions mak-
ing the bonds issued redeemable at the pleasure '
of the United States after ilvo years, and payable j
twenty years from date. The House non-con- |
curred in that amendment, but it now is recom- j
mended that the House should recede from its j
disagreement so as to let the amendment stand, j
so that the bonds may be paid m five years, but I
that they shall be absolutely paid in twenty years. |
The Senate struck out that portion of the House ]
bill for thepaymentof five years bonds at the rate j
of seven per cent, per annum, and inserted a pro- i
vision making them payable in two years. The i
Senate have receded from some part of what they j
inserted, and the House have agreed to that re-
maining part which struck out the five years '
bonds, payable m seven per cent., and provided ]
for five years bonds, payable in six per cent. !
Another amendment of the committee makes j
the bill conform to what had been previously j
agreed to. j
The next amendment, of the Senate is as fol- !
lows: |
Sue. o.  2«<J be it j'trthct enartcO} That a/J duties on'im- I
ported goods, the proceeds of the sale of the public lands,
and the proceeds of all property seized and sold under the
laws of the United States as the property of rebels, shall
be set apart as a special fund, and shall he applied as fol-
lows: First. To the payment in coin of the interest on the
bonds and notes of the United States. Second. To the
puieha^e or payment of one per cent, of the entire debt of
the United States, to be made within each fiscal year after
the 1st day of July, 1862, which is to be set apart as a sink-
ing fund, and the interest of which shall, in like manner,
be applied to the purchase or payment of the public debt as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall from time to time di-
rect. Third. The residue thereof to be paid into the Treas-
*uiy of the United States.
The House disagreed to that, but the commit-
tee of conference recommend that it be agreed to
with an amendment, by which the pledge of the
public lands is stricken out, and the duties on im-
ported goods payable in coin substituted as a
pledge for the payment of interest on the bonds
that are issued.
Section four of the bill as it was amended by
the Senate and the House, and then returned to
the Senate, was as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tieasury may receive from any person or peisons, or
any corporation, United States notes or coin on deposit for
not less than thirty days in sums of notless than $100, with
any of the Assistant Treasuiers or designated depositaries
of the United States authorized by the Secretary of the
Tieasury to receive them, who shall issue therefor certifi-
cates of deposit, made in such form as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe, and said certificates of deposit
shall bear interest at the rate which the Secretary of the
Treasury may) from time to time, prescribe, not exceeding
six per cent, per annum; and any amount of United States
notes or coin so deposited may be withdrawn from deposit
at any time after ten days' noticc, on the return of said cer-
tificates: Provided, That the interest on all such deposits
shall cease and determine at the pleasure of the Secretaiy
of the Treasury: Jind provided further. That the a?crregare
of such dfpo^its shall at no time cxceed the amount of
000,000.
The amendments of the House are in italics.
The House receded from that part which allowed
a deposit in coin, and from that amendment which
allowed the deposit to be withdrawn in a certain
time, &c.
Those are all of the material alterations made
by the committee of conference.
Mr. HOOPER. Is the provision in relation to
the deposit of coin stricken out?
Mr. STEVENS. We did not think that coin
was equal to Treasury notes, and hence struck it
out. [Laughter.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me say a few words.
I suppose the report of the committee of confer-
ence cannot be amended, but that we must take it
as a whole ?
The SPEAKER. The report of the committee
is not divisible.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. So 1 thought. I under-
stand, by the amendment of the committee of con-
ference, that the Government will refuse to take
its own paper for duties upon foreign merchan-
dise imported into this country, and demand spe-
cie—gold and silver—instead of Treasury notes.
That is enough for me to vote against the whole
report of the committee. There are someameml-
monts I would be glad to vote for; but I cannot
vote for the report with that amendment in it.
I did not understand the gentleman's explana-
tion on another point. There was an amendment
of the Senate by which it was provided that the
proceeds of the public lands, and of confiscated
rebel property, &c., were pledged for the payment
of th£ interest upon the public debt. Do I under-
stand that the whole of that clause is disagreed to J
RAILROABS IN MISSOURI.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House joint resolution
No. 37, m relation to certain railroads in the State
of Missouri, with sundry amendments, m which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House. *
TREASURY MOTE BILL AGAIX.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I understand that the
amendment of the House on that subject has been
stneken out, or rather that the committee of con-
ference excepts the proceeds of the sale of the
public lands from being pledged for the payment
of the interest on the public debt. I wish the gen-
tleman would answer.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee of conference
have substituted duties on imports and pledged
them for the same purpose. And m regard to those
dune:?, the committee did not think it right to re-
quire them to be paid in Treasury notes, and they
have permitted them to be paid m coin. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then, sir, we have an
extraoidinary exhibition in this report. We have
proclaimed to the world our readiness and will-
ingness to issue a paper currency, which we
have declared to be equal to gold and silver in can-
celing every kind of indebtedness between in-
dividual citizens. I did not vote for that clause,
because I did not believe the Constitution justifies
or authorizes it. I am in hope that my opinion
and the opinion of those entitled to more weight
will be disproved. But that was hard enough for
me to take. I do not recollect exactly whether
my vote is recorded upon the Journal or not. At
all events, the House, by a large majority, de-
cided that they had the right, under the necessities
of the case, to make and issue a paper currency
for canceling all sorts of indebtedness, past, pres-
ent, and to come. While everybody else is forced
to take that currency, the committee of conference
would have us provide that the Government itself
should not take it for the payment of duties on
imports, but should require gold and silver. We
had better go into the market and buy gold and
silver at twenty per cent, premium, rather than
proclaim to the world, while we issue these notes,
and compel the mercantile and laboring classes to
take them, yet the Government will not take them
itself in payment of duties on imports. Why
sclcct duties on imports? Why not also compel
gold and silver to be paid for excise duties?
I think, sir, that the inevitable effect of the pro-
vision of the committee of conference will be to
lessen the amount of importations. You do this,
instead of now coming up to the great intciests
involved, and saying that for the present we will
lay aside this question of protection to our domes-
tic manufactures; we will let the whole burdens
of the country be borne and sustained by the peo-
ple at large, and increase as much as wc can our
revenues from foreign importations—forwhatever
you take off from foreign importations you lay
upon the labor, the land, and the property of the
country. These are the reasons*which influence
me in opposing the recommendation of the com-
mittee, and I trust the House will indulge me—
I ask it as a personal favor—with a vote by yeas
and nays upon agreeing with the report.
Mr. STEVENS. Of course, I hope the gentle-
man's request will be granted. I want to say that
I agree with the gentleman in some things, and
one of those things is, that this bill has many un-
couth features, dissimilar to each other. But it is
no wonder that it is so, for it had a vast number
of progenitors, and it must partake a little of the
lineaments of all. I also agree with the gentle-
man, that another feature—I will not say absurd
feature, because I believe the House has adopted
it—of this bill is, that after we had made a cur-
rency for all, declaring it equal to gold, we made
an exception, and declared that it was not equal
to gold, and should be a currency only for some;
thereby depreciating, by that vei y fact, our bonds.
But that is passed. I am not complaining of
what was done before, but only justifying what
has been done since. What has been done is but
a corollary of what had previously been done.
We provided that the Secretary of the Treasury,
in order to raise gold to pay this interest, should
throw into the market the bonds of the United
States at whatever they would bring. That be-
came necessary, and I think erroneously so. The
committee of conference having to take the bill as
they found it, so far as both branches of Congress
had agreed upon it, looked about to see howlhey
could pievent the sacrifice of these bonds, if pos-
sible. We saw no way but to raise the com in
some other mode than selling our own paper,
thereby bringing our currency below par, which
we declared was par. To prevent that, farther ab-
surdity—and I appreciate the objection and the
feelings of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Wickliffe]—we made the imports payable in
coin. After that, if wc have to sell any bonds, we
shall have to sell but a very small amount.
Mr. BAKEIi. I understand that the object of
the nineteenth amendment of the Senate, making
the duty on all imported goods payable in com, is
to obtain coin with which to pay the interest on
our public debt.
Mr. STEVENS. It is so pledged.
Mr. BAKER. We are daily in receipt of duties
