940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 25> 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS Aj^D MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Toledo, Ohio, praying that homoeopathic surgeons
may be made eligible to at least one eighth of the
surgical appointments in the Army and Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial from
citizens of Michigan, praying for an appropria-
tion to Professor Russell Comstock, of Mabbits-
ville, Dutchess county, New York, to publish his
discoveries of the science of agriculture and horti-
culture, denominated " Terraculture;5' which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of north-
ern Michigan, praying jjtr the construction of a
military road from some suitable point on the
Saginaw river to the straits of Mackinaw; which
■ was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of 13. S. Noble and
one hundred and twenty-eight others, citizens of
Iowa, prayingfor the appointment of Major Gen-
eral John C.Fremont as lieutenant genoial of the
Army; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
REPORT VKOM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was refeired the bill (II. R.
No. 114) authorizing floats to issue in satisfaction
of claims against the United States for lands sold
by them within the Las Ormigas and La Nana
grants, in the State of Louisiana, reported it with-
out amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiiekidgb, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No 259) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863;
A hill (No. 284) for the relief of Z. B. Caverly,
late secretary of legation at Lima, Peru; and
A joint resolution (No. 39) to declare the mean-
ing of" An act to authorize the President of the
United States, in certain cases, to take possession
of railroad and telegraph linos, and for other pur-
poses," approved January 31, 1862, and to repeal
a. part of said act.
RAILROAD CONTRACTS BY "WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, TJi.it tlif1 Seeret.ny ofWai lie diiectrd to com-
municate to ihe Senate whether any contiact ha* been
imufo, oi "u licilit.'i <my steps have been taken looking to a
contiact 1 or the conjunction of any rcuhond by or under the
authority of the W.u Department; and if ! o, what !■- the
natiue and ciuuacter of such contiact, with whom made,
and under what authority or law w.i* u made,
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIAIES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to mtioduce a bill (S. No. 211)
to authorize the coi poration of Georgetown, in the.
District of Columbia, to lay and collect a water
taxjurul for other purposes; which was read twice
by us title, and lefened to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
ftates, I) j- Mr. Nicolay, Ins Secretary, announced
tli.it the Pivsident had approved and signed, on
the 22d ot h ebi uary, the following acts and joint
rcsolutions;
An act (S. Xo. 11:3) to authorize a change of
appiopriaiion f'.ir the payment of necessary ex-
penditures in til" service of the United States for
Indian affairs;
An act (S. No. 141) making appropriations for
the signal service of the United States Aimy;
A resolution (S. No. 37) for die collection of
"war .statistics;
A resolution (S. No. 39) providing a stenog-
rapher for the joint committee appointed to in-
quire into the conduct of the war;
A resolution (S. No. 44) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Captain Samuel P. Dupont and
officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines under
his command for the victory at Port Royal;
A resolution (S. No. 49) for the relief of the
loyal portion of the Creek, Seminole, Chickasaw,
and Choctaw Indians; and
A resolution (S. No. 51) giving the thanks of
Congress to the officers, soldiers, and seamen of
the Army and Navy, for their gallantry m the
recent brilliant victories over the enemies of the
Union and the Constitution.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 259) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18G3—to the
Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 284) for the relief of Z. B. Caverly,
late secretary of legation at Lima, Peru—to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
A joint resolution (No. 39) to declare the mean-
ing of " An act to authorize the President of the
United States, in certain cases to take possession
of railroad and telegraph lines, and for other pur-
poses," approved January 31,18b*2, and to repeal
a part of said act—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
ISSUE OF UNITLD STATICS NOTES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which we adopted the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (II. R. No. 240)
to authorize the issue of United States notes and
for the redemption or funding thereof and for
funding the floating debt of the United Suites, yes-
terday. I do it for the purpose of moving a re-
commitment of it to correct an error which escaped
our notice at the time.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move that the Sen-
ate disagree to the report, and recommit it to the
same committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on agreeing to the report; and
under that state of the case the Senator from
Maine moves to recommit it to the same commit-
tee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives announcing that the
House agreed to the recommitment of the report
of the committee of conference.
CONVENTIONS WITII COSTA RICA, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(S. No. 54) to amend an act entitled "An act to
carry into effect conventions between the United
States and the icpublics of New Granada and
Costa Rica," have had the same under consider-
ation, and have directed me to report the same
back in an amended form, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass; and as it is of some importance
that it should be acted on at once, and it relates
to a very small point indeed, I ask the present
attention of the Senate to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consentof the
Senate to consider the joint resolution just re-
I,UMr.'TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what it is.
Mr. SUMNER. It is to amend the existing
statute, simply providing that testimony may be
taken at the sugg shon of either party, instead of
at the suggestion of either claimant. It becomes
necessary at this moment in the interest of public
justice.
There bem«; no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of Hi" Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (S. No. 54) to amend on art en-
titled " An art to carry into effect conventions
between the United Suites and the republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica." The Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations reported the joint teso-
lution with an amendment to stake out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the following in
lien thereof:
That theactentitled "An actto carry into effect conven-
tions between the United Slates and the republics of New
Gianada and Costa Rica,35 approved February 20, 1861, be
amended m its sixth and thirteenth section?, so that when
a witness refuses or is unwilling to testify under the pro-
visions of the said act, the proceedings to compel Ins test-
imony may be at tlie suggestion of either party, instead of
at the suggestion of any claimant, as is provided in the said
act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed
CULTIVATION OF COTTON LANDS.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the biil (S. No. 201) rela-
tive to the cultivation of cotton lands, have had
the same under consideration, and have directed
me to report it back without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage. I believe there is a great
necessity that this bill should be passed as soon
as possible. It is a bill that contemplates the oc-
cupation and cultivation of the islands in South
Carolina, where the sea-island cotton is grown.
It contemplates the occupying of those islands for
one year, and taking the superintendence of the
negroes that are there now unemployed and in a
starving condition. I understand the fact to be
that almost the whole of those islands are now in
our possession; the white population have almost
entirely left that part of the country; they have
left a large number of negroes there, some twenty
or twenty-five thousand, as near as I can find out;
the provisions their masters had provided for them
have been in a great measure consumed by our
troops, and they are about to be left entirely des-
titute. This bill, therefore, contemplates taking
possession of the islands by our commissioners,
and authorizing them to occupy the land and to
employ these persons m the cultivation of it. I
believe it does not interfere with any other prop-
osition for the settlement of this great question
that will arise. I believe it does not come in con-
flict with any of those measures, and they arc very
numerous.
Mr. KING. If we nro to have this subject con-
sidered now, I suggest that we had better have
the bill read, so that we may know what it is.
Air. WADE. Of course. I only wished to say
enough to show why itoughtto be taken up now.
I think I have said enough to show that.
The Secretary read the bill (S. No. 201) to pro-
vide for the occupation and cultivation of the cot-
ton and other lands in possession of the United
States lying along the southern coast of the Uni-
ted States.
The bill proposes that a board of receivers and
guardians for the States of South Carolina and
Georgia shall be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of theSenate, which shall consist of three
persons,who, or any two of them, shall take, man-
age, and use for the benefit of the Treasury of the
United States, all property which may be commit-
ted to them by the military authority. This board
is to be empowered to let the use of any portion
of the land which shall be committed to them for
a period not exceeding one year, for a suitable
consideration, payable cither in money or in a
shaie of the produce of the same. And whenever
it shall be deemed best for the interests of the Uni-
ted States that any portion of this land shall be
cultivated otherwise than by a tenant, it is to be
the duty of the board to lay off, number, describe,
and lecord the same in convenient precincts, no
one of which is to contain less than one thousand
acres of land> nor more than three thousand acres
of land suitable for cultivation. The board may
| purchase such tools, seeds, animals, fencing ma-
j terials, and other articles of husbandry, es shall
{ be found necessary to be used on any precinct,
| provided that the cost shall not exceed the sum
' of ten dollars per acre; and may employ for each
i such precinct one superintending agent, at a fixed
; compensation not exceeding $100 per month, ora
compensation contingent in whole or part upon the
success ot his husband) y, of which the fixed por-
tion shall not exceed ^1.000 a year, and the con-
tingent poitioh shall not exceed one thud of the
value of the piocku Hon of the pterinrt.
