1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
The board is to keep a register of all indigent
persons who shall romp under their care, with a
sufficient description of each. They are to take
care that indigent persons of mature and sound
bodies and minds who shall be committed to their
care do not want for the means of maintaining
life, but that employment shall be secured to them,
under proper regulations, against imposition and
cruelty, cither upon the tenant lands or upon the
precincts cultivated by the board; and an account
is to be kept of the work done or service rendered
by each person, an J rates of wages, either by the
day or other measure of time, or by the task or
piece, are to be fixed or approved by the board,
and, as far as it shall be found practicable, the
method of working by task or piece is to be pre-
ferred; but the total amount which it shall be law-
ful for the board to expend for the labor of the
indigent on account of the United States is not to
exceed an average rate of fifty cents a day for each
person described on their register. If it shall be
found necessary, food, lodging, bedding, and
clothing may be advanced, or gratuitously pro-
vided, by the board to any indigent persons com-
ing under their care, provided that an account shall
be kept of the same, and that the total amount
which the board shall be authorized to expend in
accordance with this piovision shall not exceed,
for each person needing such special relief,-for
food fifteen cents per day during the period in
which he shall require this assistance, and for all
other purposes fifteen dollars per annum. It is to
be the duty of the board, by all proper means
within the limits of expenditure provided by this
act, to induce those indigent persons to support
th'-rusel \ es, and live in an industrious, orderly,
and respectable manner; and, when necessary,
they are to be authorizt-d and required to use de-
cent and humane means of constraint against idle-
ness, dishonesty, and vice,m accordance with the
most enlightened policy of dealing with vagrants
winch has obtained m civilized societies. The
board may establish hospitals for sick, lame, in-
firm, and feeble-minded or insane persons and chil-
dren, and may employ physicians and other ne-
cessary attendants; but the total amount which
they aie to be authorized to expend on accountof
the United States for the budding, repair, and
equipment of hospitals and for medicines, is not
to exceed a rate of one dollar for each ie°istered
person; and the total amount they aie to be au-
thorized to expend on account of the United States
in remuneration of the services of physicians and
attendants, is not to exceed a rate of fifteen cents
per month for each registeied person.
The sum of $10,000 is to be appropriated, to
be expended at thcdiscrction of the board, for the
purchase of stores and the erection of warehouses
for freight and transportation, and such other pur-
poses not otherwise provided for, as shall be found
necessary for the promptand efficient performance
of the duties to be required by this act; and the
Secretary of the Treasuiy of the United States is
to be directed to provide such fuithcr sums of
money as may from time to time be required to
secure, store, prepare for, and bring into maiket
the produce of the lands and of the labor of the
people committed to the boaul, provided that spe-
cific estimates and requisitions for such expendi-
tures shall be first presented to him, and shall be
approved by him as economical and just.
The bo'aid is to be authorized to appropriate a
sum, not exceeding twenty-live dollats per diem,
for the remuneiatiou of its membeis, to be di-
vided, according to the division of duties which
it shall determine upon, among its members, and ,
also to appropriate for the services of a chief clerk
and of a freasmer, each, a sum not exceeding five .
dollars per diem; and also to appropriate for the 1
services of surveyors, book-keepers, cleiks, gen- ,
eru.1 supeimUndeiits, and alt contingencies not j
otherwise provided for, a sum not exceeding 1
twenty per cent, of the total expenditure which
shali he otherwi^c found necessary, and which I
shall be i'uthoi v/; d 10 be used to cairy out the in- I
! en t ions of this , let. The hoard j* s, mt-annually to
render to the Seen" rjiry of the Tr-'asui v a particu-
lar account of the receipts and cxpenduuies of uH
moneys intrusted to them, which ai t to he nud'h d
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall direct, and ;
they are to pay to him wluite\er balance there :
fchai! be to the credit of the United States: they .
are also to render to the Secretary of the Treas- ,
ury a full and faithful account of the progressed 1
state of the business, and of the history, conduct,
and condition of the indigent people who shall
have been under their care or observation; and
the Secretary of the Treasury is to lay the same
before Congress at the next session after its re-
ceipt. The sums required to be expended under
the provisions of this bill, and all other sums that
may be required to carry out the entire provisions
of this act, are to be supplied, as may bo from
time to time required, to the board, out of the
Treasury of the United States. The board of re-
ceivers and guardians, before entering upon the
duties of their office, are to enter into bonds to
the United States, satisfactory in character and
amount to the Secretary of the Treasury, condi-
tioned for the faithful disbursement of the moneys
which come to their hands, so as to effect in the
best manner the purposes of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone all prior orders, for the
purpose of considering this bill at the present time.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a bill of some import-
ance. It seems to be carefully drawn up; but the
subject is so novel that I think it ought to be
printed.
Mr. WADE. It has been printed a long time.
Mr. FOSTER, it has been printed fifteen days.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg pardon; it had escaped my
attention.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the words j
" and guardians" be stricken out in the third line |
and wherever they occur in the bill, so as to de- i
scribe the board simply as a board of receivers.
I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I agreed to this bill in commit-
tee; but it has occurred to me since it has been
read that there ought to be some limit in regard
to the sum that the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized to pay. There is a general provision
in the last section of the bill, I think it is, that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized from
time to time to pay such sums as may be required,
without any limitation. I think there should be
a limitation.
Mr. WADE. There is a limitation of §10,000,
I think.
Mr. HALE. There is no provision limiting it
in the thirteenth section. I move to add at the
end of the thirteenth section, the words, "not
1 exceeding $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. CARLTLE. Is it in order in Committee !
of the Whole, to move to lay the bill on the table? 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill ^ now m ,
Senate, and the motion will bo in order. The first ;
question is on concurring m the amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CARLILE. This bill was reported this
morning from the committee, and it involves, I j
think, some very important questions, which are
worthy of the careful consideration of the Sen-
i ate—questions of constitutional power, as well as
I of expediency. I trust, therefore, that it will be
i allowed to go upon the table until we have had
j time to examine it. The attention of Senators
j has not been called to it. If we lay it upon the
table, it can bo taken up at any time. I desire,
for one, to give it a much more careful examina-
tion than I have had any opportunity of doing.
I therefore make the motion that the bill he on
the table.
Mr. WADE. I suppose tbatmotion is not de-
batable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
•Mr. WADE. I Wish simply to say that there I
is great necessity for the bill to pass now, if it is ,
to pass at all.
Mr. CARLILE. A few days' delay will not j
hurt it. :i
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I appeal to the Senator ']
from Virginia to withdraw his motion, and to ;j
make a motion to fix the bill for some day cor- (
tain, not taking more than two days, so that the ;
| Senator can have an opportunity to look at it. it j
! has come upon him by surprise; and two days j
j will not make any difference. I confess, for one, j
' that i should like to look into the provisions of i
! the bill myself. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
not one of a debatable character.
Mr. CARLILE. I submitted the motion be-
cause if we lay the bill on the table it can be called
up at any time; but if the Senator from Wisconsin
prefers fixing it for any particular day, I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move, then, that it .be
postponed until Thursday next, and made the
special order for that day at one o 'clock.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. PEARCE. I suggest to the Senator that
I think some order was made for that day, and he
had better postpone it to a day later. I think a
special oider was made for Thursday within the
last day or two. Say Friday; I believe there is
no order for that day.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to postponing the
bill till Thursday, and I hope it will not go over
any longer than until to-morrow, because there is
necessity for passing this bill, and some others of
a kindred character—I mean those in relation to
the confiscation of rebel property within our lines.
We meet every day citizens from other States who
come to us complaining; I met one this morning,
every dollar of whose property was taken posses-
sion of by the rebels and confiscated. Here we
are with rebels in our midst, with property to the
amount of hundreds of thousands, and I do not
know but millions of dollars in this very city
owned by rebels, of which they are now receiving
the rents; and we are not doing a single thing to
confiscate and take possession of their property.
These negroes have been deserted by their mas-
ters, and arc on the sea islands, twenty or thirty
thousand of them. Wo have sent our troops there,
and they have eaten up the provisions which the
masters left for the negroes. They are houseless
and homeless. Everything is going to ruin. There
is a necessity for ourdoing something, and doing
it at once. I hope the bill will not be postponed
longer than until to-morrow. That willgive every-
body who wants to understand the bill a perfect
opportunity to do so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I have no objection to its
being fixed for to-morrow, and I so modify my
motion.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is a special order
for one o'clock to-morrow—the bill in regard to
the apportionment of members of Congress.
Mr. HALE. That will not take a great while
The motion to postpone the bill until to-mor-
row at one o'clock, and make it the special order
for that hour, was agreed to.
OIIDEK OI' BUSINESS.
Mr. KING. I move to postpone the prior or-
ders and take up the bill (S. No. 288) to increase
the efficiency of the medical department of the
Army. It is a bill which I think will give rise
to no debate, but it is one that ought to be dis-
posed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill called up by the
Senator from New York is one that I understand
will take some time. I addressed the Chair, al-
though the Senator from New York was more
fortunate than I, and was recognized. I sought
to obtain the floor with a view of calling up Sen-
ate bill No. 151, which provides for confiscating
the property of rebels, all the property of rebels,
real and personal, negroes and all, and which I
think it of the utmost importance that we should
act upon early, and I think we ought to act upon it
before the bill called up by the Senator from Ohio
this morning is disposed of. If that bill be acted
on, and acted on favorably, as I trust it will be,
it will place the property belonging to the men in
arms against the Government m such a position
that U maybe used by private individuals; and as
the bill which the Senator New York has called
up, I understand is to be debated and will take a
good deal of time, I hope ho will allow us to take
up the bill to which 1 have rcfencd.
Mr. KING. I am as much in favor of taking1
up the bill of which the Senator from Illinois
speaks as he can be, as be knows: but, as \ have
often heard him say, we lose more time m disput-
ing which bills shall be taken up, than m acting
on them. The bill which 1 have moved to take
up is an important one; it ought to be taken up
and acted upon; it ought not to take much time,
and I am not aware that it will. I insist upon my
motion that it be taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am sorry to have to
