9U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
v Again, sir, if Congress declares the property of
the rehel forfeited and declares the real estate for-
feited-, I want to know who is to controvert it?
Can the courts controvert it? If it is contended
-that by international law, Congress has no right
to confiscate the real estate of a rebel, I ask who
is to interpret international law? There is no com-
mon tribunal to which all nations submit these
questions. International law is nothing more than
a system of rules deducible by natural reason and
established by the uniform usage of civilized na-
tions; that is all it is; and each one at last inter-
prets it for itself, running the hazard, it is true of
bringing upon itself the condemnation of other
nations, if it violates the well settled principles of
international law. I suppose if a nation were to
violate the right of an embassador or of passports,
which are regulated and sanctioned by interna-
tional law, that that nation would bring down
upon itself the condemnation of the other civilized
nations of the world; but, sir, to confiscate the
property of your enemy is not contrary to inter-
national law, and the confiscating of real property
would not bring down upon any nation, 1 appre-
hend, even a protest from the other nations of the
world. Suppose that Russia in the interminable
wars that have been going on with the Circas-
sians were to take the land of the Circassians and
apportion it among the nobles of Russia, would
America think of interfering and going to war
with Russia about it?
If other nations would not interfere, who is to
interfere? Can our courts give a different con-
strucUon,adiffemH interpretation to international
law from what the sovereign power has given?
Certainly not. The courts are hound by inter-
national law as tlie nation establishes it. They
cannot overrule an act of Congress because, in then-
opinion. it does not harmonize with international
law. They have no such power.
The Supreme Court, in the case of Johnson vs.
Macintosh, (reported in 5 Cmtis, 513,) say that
" conquest gives a title which the courts of the
conqueror cannot deny." This is a principle sot-
tied by judicial decision, if there was any doubt
about it before. Tt does not lie m the months of
the courts to question the right of the sovereign
power to confiscate property. Then it resolves
itself into a question of policy. The policy of
confiscating this property, under present circum-
stances, is so manifest that I shall not dwell upon
it, and particularly as I promised not to take up
the time of the Senate further than to explain
what the character of the bill was, and the grounds
upon which it is based.
I desire to call attention for a moment to the
second and third sections of this bill, which I re-
gard as among the moat important in it. The sec-
ond section forfeits the right or the claim of any
person to the service or labor of any other per-
son, when the person claiming the service lias
been engaged tn any manner in this rebellion,and
makes the person owing the service forever after-
wards free. T take it there can be nodoubtofthc
power of Congi ess to pass this piovision. Con-
gress has authoritytorai.se armies, and it may
draft soldiers. It may take the lined man of my
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] whom he
has engaged at a stipulated price to work upon
his farm for the next year, and in the middle of
Ins contract, in the midst of his harvest, the Gov-
ernment of the United States may come along and
draft that man into the service of the United
States, and what becomes of the contract? Can
you enforce it as against the United States? Can
you plead that you are entitled to tin1 services for
which you hud, perhaps, paid in advance? The
paramount authority of the Government of the
United States may, if necessary, take mtoitsser-
vice the employe of any person, and the employer
lias no remedy.
The power to do this cannotbe questioned; and
does the master hold his slave by any stronger
tenure ? You cannot draw a contract so strong by
which one person shall give his time and services
to another, that the paramount authority of the
Government cannot abrogate that contract, and
take from your control the person and bring him
into the service of the country, if this can be
done in reference to a lured man, or in reference
to your own child, why not in reference to a slave?
By the laws of nearlyall the States of the Union,
every parent has the control of his child until he
is twenty-one years ofage;and yet, notwithstand-
ing, if the necessity requires it, if the public safety
demands it, the Government of the United States
may take your son at eighteen years of age, or
even younger, from under your control and bring
him into the Army of the United States and into
the battle-field in defense of the honor and integ-
rity of the United States. And docs a master hold
his slave by any stronger tenure than this? Why,
sir, the persons, all the property, everything con-
nected with your enemy, may be taken and con-
demned and destroyed, if it be necessary to pre-
serve the country; and not only of your enemy,
but you may take the property of your friend.
We are now taxing the loyal men of this country
to the furthest limit, and sacrificing thousands of
valuable lives in support of this war. While all
this is being done, can it be pretended that we can-
not touch the negro of a man who is fighting
against the Government? I know that hitherto
tins seems to have been the course we have pur-
sued. I know that while the loyal men of this coun-
try are bleeding, suffering in their persons and m
their property, the property of disloyalists remains
untouched. I know that while the people of the
State of Illinois are to be taxed to support this
war, we arc not touching the property of a rebel
in arms against this Government who owns prop-
erty in the southern States. It is said that we can-
not enforce the law over them, that we cannot col-
lect taxes there now, though we assessed them.
True, we cannot until our armies advance; but
when they do advance let us take the property of
rebels and make it contribute to the expenses of
this wicked war, which they have inaugurated,
and save, as far as we can, the property of loyal
men. It is just and right that the men who have
instigated the war, pay the expenses.
The second section of the bill declareffthat bere-
ft ft dV whenever any person claiming to be entitled
to the service or labor of any other person, shall
seek to enforce such claim, he shall, in the first
instance, and before any order for the surrender
of the person whose service is claimed, establish
not only his title to such slave as now provided
by law, but also that he is and has been during
the existing rebellion loyal to the Government of
the United States. Is there any hardship in that
provision? Will it not be a very easy matter for
the owner of any slave, when he sends his agent
to reclaim him, to send along the evidence that lie
himself is loyal to the Government of the United
States?
Another portion of the section prohibits the
rendering of fugitives by our military and naval
officers, and forbids their undertaking to pass
upon the freedom or slavery of anyperson. Now
we have vaiious policies pursued hv different
commanders. One commander in the West, Gen-
eral Hallcck, forbids all fugitive slaves to come
withm his lines. Now, I want it upon the statute-
book that he shall not determine anything about
fugitive slaves, that he shall not inquire whether
a man is a fugitive slave or not; and if he knows
him to be so that he shall not surrender him, but
shall treat him as a person, as he is, and make no
distinction between him and other persons whom
ho may meet in the country. I want to have one
uniform policy adopted by all our commanders,
and not have a portion of them engaged in en-
deavoring to ascertain whether a colored man is
free or slave, and then if they find testimony sat-
isfactory to themselves that he is a slave, engage
in surrendering him up to his supposed owner.
I think this section a very important one, and I
think there is a necessity for its early enactment.
The third section makes provision for the col-
onization of negroes who may be freed by the act,
and are willing to emigrate. There is a very great
aversion in the West—I know it to be so jn my
State—against having free negroes come among
us. Our people want nothing to do with the ne-
gro. When we tell them that slavery has been
the cause of this rebellion, and that the traitors
who are fighting us arc supported by their slaves,
they admit it; but they say: " What will you do j
with tlnmi; we do not want them set free to come j
in among us; we know it is wrong that the rebels 1
should have the benefit of their services to fight !
us; but what do you propose to do with them?" '
This bill proposes—and it is in harmony with the
iecommendation of the President of the United j
States—to colonize them, and it authorizes the j
President to provide for their settlement m some [
country beyond the limits of the United States, \
where they can have the protection of the Govern-
ment and settle with all the rights and privileges
of freemen.
Such, sir, arc the general provisions of this bill;
and having stated its main features, and explained
briefly the principles on which it is based, I leave
it to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I am glad that the Senate
has come to the consideration of this bill. I ap-
prove of the bill; but I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois the propriety of making some
further amendments to remove what strike me as
objectionable features in the bill. If I understand
the second section of the bill correctly, it makes
it obligatoiyon the Government of the United
States to surrender a person claimed to be in-
debted to another for service or labor, if the claim-
ant proves that he is loyal to the Government. I
a^k the Senator from Illinois whether he intended
by this section of the bill to commit the Govern-
ment of the United States to returning fugitive
slaves?
Mr. TRUMBULL. UnquestionabIy.not,and
1 do not think the language of the bill warrants
that construction. This section does not interfere
with the existing law on the subject of returning
fugitives, except to provide that no order shall be
made for the surrender of a fugitive from service
till the claimant shall first prove his loyalty, in
addition to what is now required by'law. Well,
what is he now required by law to prove? You
go to the statute to see. This provides no way
for his proving these facts before any other officer;
but it says to the commissioners, to the United
States judges, to everybody, "You shall never
make an order under the fugitive slave act, to
surrender up a man claimed as a fugitive from
service oi labor, until it is first proved to your
satisfaction that the claimant is and has been loyal
to the Government." That is the intention of the
provision, and I think that is the reading of it.
Mr. POMEROY. The point with me was,
whether the Senator intended to reenact the pro-
visions of the fugitive slave act. The Constitu-
tion piovides that—
"No person held to service or labor in one State under
the laws theieof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or ie<*ulation therein, be discharged from
Mich sm-ioo or Inboi, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the paity to whom such service oi labor may be due."
I desire to know whether the Senator intends
that the Government of the United States shall
take upon itself that work. That is the offensive
part to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not so intenda and
I do not think that is the meaning of it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is by implication. The
bill says:
" Whcnevei any person claiming to be entitled to the ser-
vice o>- 'abor of any otlu r pci^on shall s<eok to onfoicesuch
claim, he shall, m the fust instance, and before any order
for the >uriendcr of thepeisonwho.se service is claimed,
establish not only his title to such service, as now provided
by law, but also tiiat he and bas been during the existing
lebcllion loyal to the Government of the United States.
I ask the Senator whether, if the claimant es-
tablishes that, ho does not propose by this bill to
give -up the poison claimed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 propose to leave that
just as it is now.
Mr. POMEROY. If he establishes that fact,
you propose that the officers of the Government
shall deliver up the person claimed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the law, I do.
I do not interfere with that.
Mr. POMEROY. I would not reenact that
law; I do not believe m it, and*I think this pro-
vision slightly objectionable. I do not intend to
oppose this hill; I "believe in all there is in the bill,
and something more, too. There is anotherpro-
vision m the bill that I desire to have explained;
perhaps there is a verbal error. In the sixth
section of the bill it is provided that the proceed-
ings under it shall conform to proceedings in prize
cases or eases of forfeiture under the revenue
laws, "and in all cases the property condemned,
whether real or personal, shall be sold." You do
not mean to sell the slaves you take?
Mi. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly not; and a
previous section expressly provides that they
shall he freed.
Air POMEROY. To make that beyond doubt,
would if not be as well to say in this section that
"the property condemned, whether real or per-
sonal, exccpt slaves, shall be sold." *
