&I6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
I may be m error; Uu fur one I should be opposed
to the,second section, which provides for the en-
largement or liberation of persons held to service
or labor, unless the third section, or a section
similar to it, becomes a law also at the same Lime.
The chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
has alluded to the undoubted settled aversion and
apposition which "the people of the northern sec-
tion of this Union have to the influx of large
n'Umbers of negroes among their population; in
fact, it will not be tolerated. I see that the Legis-
latures of several States now are about passing
laws to prohibit the introduction or entry of free
colored persons within their limits. There is such
a proposition before the Legislature of my own
State. In our desire to do a work of humanity in
one section, we have no idea of doing a positive
wrong and injury to the laboring classes of
another section.
Bat, sir* there was another consideration which
entered into the mind of the committee, or at least
a portion of them, and it was this: we cannot
close our eyes to the state of things which must
necessarily exist in the southern States, where
they have this institution of human slavery, by
setting at liberty all the slaves that have hereto-
fore belonged or that the rebels have clajmed to
belong to themselves, and leaving them there in
that locality to roam at large under the circum-
stances in which they will be placed in their igno-
rance, destitution, want of knowledge, and want
of care and providence. What is to become of
them, and what is to become, under such a state
of things, of the loyal Union.men of the South
with millions of freed slaves left to roam the coun-
try at large, to go and come when and where they
will? I may be mistaken in the view which I
take of this case; but it seems to me that if we
were by an enactment to d< clarc nil the slaves of
rebels in the South free, without making provis-
ion of some kind for their removal to a district
where they may be safe, and where the commu-
nity may be safe, where they themselves may be
taken care of, we may have ruin and destruction
and even ail the horrors which have been wit-
nessed in some of the West India islands reen-
acted within the borders of the southern States.
It seems to me to be entirely inconsistent with the
safety of those communities that such a large body
of freed slaves could be kept there uncontrolled
and unrestrained except by Uie power which may
exist within those States.
These are the views which operated upon the
minds of a portion of the Judiciary Committee in
insisting upon having this third section incorpo-
rated in the bill along with the second section. In
fact I fear that this bill, which by soma is consid-
ered so very important in the present exigencies,
could not have been imported by the committee
to the Senate, had it not been fot the incorpoj ation
of the third section, establishing a principle to be
declared by Congress, with respect to the \tew
they entertain of this matter.
Mr. POWELL. I desire, before the question
is taken, to express (o the Senate my views upon
this bill. I opposed the hill in the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I regard it as the most important bfll that
has been, or probably will be before the Senate
for its consideration. I regard it as not only in-
expedient, but unconstitutional. J desire a little
time, however, to arrange my authorities, if the
Senate will indulge mo so far, I move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row, when, if such he the pleasure of the Senate,
I shall address them upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put, I
desire to move an amendment which I believe will
carry out the idea of the Senator from Kansas.
I concur with the Senator from Kansas iw all he
has said in relation to the fugitive slave bill. I
have never called that a law, or even an act. I
regard it simply as a bill; still a bill having no
authority under the Constitution of the United
States. Thefe in no fountain in that instiument
outof which that enoimity can bedeiived. That
is my idea; I believe it is the idea of the Senator
from Kansas. Therefore I concur with htm in
any criticism upon any legislation which may
seem even in the most indirect way to recognize
the existence of a thing which can have, thank
God, under the Constitution of the United States,
when properly interpreted, no legal existence.
Therefore, if the language introduced in this bill
ha® tho effect which the Senator supposes, if it does
in any way recognize the existence of that bill,
certainly lam against it;and when I listened to the
remarks of the Senatorand critically examined the
language, I must say I feared that there was some
implication or other on our part in favor of that
bill. I therefore propose an amendment which
shall remove all such implication orpossibility of
recognition on our part of that bill, while at the
same time I believe it will carry out completely,
adequately, in every respect, the idea of the Sena-
tor from Illinois in the measure which is now under
consideration. The language here is as follows:
And whenever any person claiming to be entitled to the
set vice or labor of any other person shall seek to enforce
fcuob claim, he shall, in the first instance and before any
order for the ssurtender of the person whose servicc is
claimed, establish not only his title to such service, as now
piovided by law, but also that lie is and has been dming
the existing rebellion loyal to the Govemnientof the Uni-
ted States.
I propose to strike out all after the word " be-
fore,''in the sixteenth line, down to the word
4< that*?' in the nineteenth line, being these words:
Anv order for the surrendei of the person whose service
is claimed, establish not only his title to such service, as
now piovided by law, but also.
And instead thereof insert:
Proceeding with the trial of his claim, satisfactorily prove.
So that the sentence will read:
He shall, in the first instance and before proceeding with
the trial of his claim, satisfactorily prove that he is and
has been during the existing rebellion loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
I believe that.-this language carries out com-
pletely the idea of the Senator from Illinois in the
measure now before us. I think it also carries
out the idea of the Senator from Kansas; it gives
all proper efficacy to the language of the statute;
at the same time, it does not compromise any of
us at this age of Christian light by a new recog-
nition, direct or indirect, of the fugitive slave bill.
Mr. COWAN. How long will that provision
last?
Mr. SUMNER. As long as this statute lasts.
Mr. COWAN. Then a person claiming one
hundred years from this time would open his
cause by showing that he was loyal daring this
rebellion !
Mi. SUMNER. I hope so certainly, forever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think that the
amendment proposed by the Senator fiorn Mas-
sachusetts alters the sentence at all, either its legal
effect or any implication to arise from it; but, as
he prefers that language, I have, individually, no
objection to it. The bill is reported from a com-
mittee, and I suppose I have no authority to accept
the amendment for the committee, but I am en-
tirely willing that it should be adopted. I do not
think it affects the bill at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If nofurther amend-
ment be offered, the hill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would thank the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, if he
would consent to have this measure postponed
until to-morrow or some other day. I do not
desire myself to delay the action of the Senate, un-
reasonably upon this bill; but I am not entirely
prepared to give my views in opposition to it at
this time. T am very strongly opposed to the bill
in some of its features, and I wish to have an
opportunity of giving my views upon it. If the
honorable Senator from Illinois will agree that it
shall be postponed until to-morrow or next day,
I shall be obliged to him.
Mr. POWELL. I have moved to postpone the
further consideration of the hill until to-morrow,
and indicated my purpose, if it was the pleasure
of the Senate, then to address them upon the sub-
ject. I yielded to the Senator from Massachu-
setts to offer his amendment. My motion, I un-
derstood, was pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was not the
understanding of the Chair. The understanding
of the Chatr was that the Senator withdrew his
motion.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; I merely yielded to
allow the Senator from Massachusetts to offer his
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was equiva-
lent, however, parliamentary, to withdrawing
the motion. The Senator is now understood to
renew his motion to postpone the bill until to-
morrow.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the bill still in Com-
mittee of the Whole?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be glad to have
the bill taken out of committee, and these amend-
ments concurred in. Let it come into the Senate.
I wish very much that we could act upon it; but
I cannot resist the application of these gentlemen
to have time to examine so important a bill,
though surely my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell,] who is on the Judiciary Committee,
has had this bill before him for two months.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that I said when up before that I op-
posed the bill in committee, and I only wanted
time to arrange my authorities for the constitu-
tional argument which I proposed to make. I
should be ready to speak now if I had all my au-
thorities at hand, and will be ready to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator does
not propose amending the bill, and I ask him to
let the bill be reported to the Senate, and the
amendments concurred in. Then I shall not re-
sist the motion to postpone.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think I shall want to
propose an amendment.
Mr. WADE. You can propose it in the Sen-
ate just as well.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think I can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
open to amendment in the Senate after the amend-
ments already made in Committee of the Whole
shall be agreed to in the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like myself to propose
a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Reporting the bill to the
Senate will not prevent that. I only want the
amendments concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. Any position of the bill that will
not prevent my offering a substitute I have no
objection to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky withdraw his motion for that pur-
pose ?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. POWELL. I now renew my motion to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 would ask the Senator
from Kentucky to name an hour and make it the
special order, and then I give notice that I shall
insist upon taking it up and proceeding with it.
Mr. POWELL. I will fix one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky so modifies his motion as to make it a
special order for one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have had one special
order made in my life; and it is for one o clock
to-morrow.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I suppose if this is made
a special order at one o'clock, the oldest special
order, being the one alluded to by the Senator
from Vermont, would first be taken up, and then
this would follow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be the
order.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message of the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of an instruction from Prince
Gortchacowto Mr. De Stocckl, minister of his Im-
perial Majesty the Emperor of Russia, accredited
to this Government, and of a note of the Secretary
of State to the latter, relative to the adjustment of
the question between the United States and Great
Britain,growing outof the removal of certain citi-
zens of tlie United States from the British mail
steamerTrent, by order of the commander of the
United States wai steamer San Jacinto; which, on
motion of Mr. Sumner, was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
ISSUE OF UNITED STATES NOTES.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the second report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 240) to
