1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Mi
authorize the issue of United States notes and for
the redemption or funding thereof and for fund-
ing the floating debt of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of con-
ference on ihedisagreeingvotesof the two Houses
on the bill (H.R.. No. 240) last mentioned, to whom
was recommitted tiie report of the committee of
conference thereon, submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to tlio bill (H. It. No.
240) to authorize the issue of'United States note?, and for the
redemption or funding thereof, and for funding tiie floating
debt of the {Jnitcd States, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recommend
to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate reecde from tiieir second, fourth, and filth
amendments.
That the House of Representatives reecde from their dis-
agreement to the ninth and fourteenth amendments of the
Senate.
That the lfou«e of Representatives recede ftom their
amendment to the Senate's eighteenth amendment, and
agree to fne same.
That the Senate recede from so much of their tenth
amendment as proposes to insert words in lieu of the words
stricken out, and that the House agree to the said amend-
ment as so modified.
That the House of Representatives recede from its dis-
agreement to the Senate's nineteenth amendment, and agree
to the 5arne with the following amendments: aftcrthe word
" good?," in the second line, strike out the woids, " the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the public lantfs and the proceeds of all
property seized and sold under the laws of the United States
as the property of rebels," and insert the words, " shall be
paid in com or in notes payable on demand, heretofore au-
thorized to be issued and by law receivable in payment of
public dues; and the coin so paid;" and after the word
il taxes," in the fhvt section of the bill, line twenty-one, in-
sert " internaland after the word " duties," in the same
line, strike out the word "imposts;" and after the word
"Suites," in the twenty-third line, insert "except duties
on imports anil in line thirty, after the word "interest,"
insert the words "and duties on imports.'-'
W. P. FESSENDEN",
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN S. CARLILE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
V. B. HORTON.
O. B. SEDGWICK,
Managers ov the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
A message from the Houso of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, afterwards an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had signed
an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 240) to authorize the
issue of United States notes and for the redemp-
tion or funding thereof and for funding the float-
ing debt of the United States; and it thereupon
recived the signature of the Vice President.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 16, noes 14; not a quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not proper to discuss
why we should go into executive session; but it
is well known to the Senate that there is business
pending in executive session on which the Senate
ought to act one way or the other. That is all I
have to say.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22. nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Mwsre. Biowning, Chirk, Collamer, Cowan,
Davi-*, Dixon. Dooliltle, Fes.-enden. Foot, Italian. Hender-
son, Howard, Howe, ICint', Peaice, Potneioy, Poweii, lliee,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Warie, and Wilton of MrL.^ielm
setts—'32.
NAYS —Meiers. Carliie, Chandler, [''o^ter, Gi lines, Hale,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Latham, McDo<i!ia!l. Nnsmitll,
tSaulphnrv, Sherman, Tijonwon, fruaibuU, Wilkinson,
Wiliey, and Wilson of Mir-souii—IT.
So the motion was agreed to; and after an exec-
utive session of two and a half hours, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tlcsdat, February 25, 1S6*2,
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton*.
'The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CLAIMS I'Oll REBELLION LOSSES.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill relating to claims for the loss and de-
struction of property belonging to loyal citizens
and damages done thereto by the troops of the
United States during the present rebellion; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and 6rdered to be printed.
TAXATION OF OFFICIAL SALARIES.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to tax the salaries of Government
officers; which was read a first and second time^
and referred to the -Committee of Ways and
Means. ,
EFFICIENCY OF TIIE NAYY.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be di-
lected to examine into and report the necessity of repeal-
in? the eighth section of the act of Congress to promote the
efficiency of the Navy, approved December 21, 1861.
UNITED STATES COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of investing United
States commissioners with power to issue writs of habeas
corpus, and to hold persons to bail for good behavior, and
of increasing the compensation now allowed by Jaw to said
commissioners, and report by bill or otherwise.
MISSOURI RAILROADS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
joint resolution of the House No. 37, which has
been slightly amended by the Senate. It is the
joint resolution in relation to certain railroads in
Missouri.
Mr. Mcpherson, i object.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I was absent yester-
day when the vote was taken on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference on the Treas-
ury note bill. I ask leave now to have my vote
recorded in the affirmative.
There was no objection, and the vote was so
recorded.
Mr. TRAIN. I call for the regular order of
business.
VIRGINIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WORCESTER. I desire to give noticefto
the House that to-morrow I will call up the report
of the Committee of Elections in the case of Beach
vs. Upton.
BYINGTON VERSUS VANDEVER.
Mr. DAWES presented an additional paper in
the Iowa contested-election case of Byington vs.
Vandever, and moved that it be referred to the
Committee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
It was so oidcrcd.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of tiie House for leave to report a
private bill from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. TRAIN. I demand the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the homestead bill, on which the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is entitled to
the floor.
REORGANIZATION OF CAVALRY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Indiana to yield to me to move to take from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 150, for the
better organization of the cavalry forces.
Mr. TRAIN. I withdraw the demand for the
re°ular order of business, in order to let the gen-
tleman from Missouri accomplish what he desires.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to tiie gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 move, then, that
that Senate bill be taken up from the Speaker's
table, in order that it may be put oil its passage.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title. It was then read in extenso, as follows:
That the cavalry forces m the seiviee of tne United States_
shall hereafter be organized a** follows: each logimontot
cavaiiyi-hall nave one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, three
majors,one suigcon, one assistant suigeoti, one regimental
adjutant, one legmiental qiurtermd>tei, one regimental
eommwsaiy, one veto usary surgeon, whose compensation
r>hail be seventy-live dollais per month, with the lank of a
regimental sergeant major, one sergeant major, one quar-
tenna>ter seige'ant, one comuussaiy sergeant, two hospital
Mewardb, one saddler geant, one veterinary seigcant, one
chief trumpeter, and one chief lariier or blacksmith; and
each regiment shall consist of twelve companies or hoops,
and each company or troop shall have one captain, one ftnsi
lieutenant, one second lieutenant, and one acting or super-
numerary second lieutenant, to be selected from the non-
commissioned officers of the respective regiments, one first
sergeant, one quartermaster sergeant, one commissary ser-
geant, five sergeants, eight corporals, two teamsters, two
fameis or blacksmiths, one saddler, one wagoner, and
seventy-eight privates; the regimental adjutants, the regi-
mental quarteimasters, and regimental commissaries to be
taken Irom the first lieutenants of their respective regi-
ments, but in which they shall continue in the fine of pro-
motion : Provided, That vacancies caused by this organi-
zation shall not be considered as original, but shall be tilted
by regular promotion.
Sec. 2. vtfwi be it further cnacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, under such regulations as lie may establish, to
reduce, by transfer, discharge, or otherwise, the volunteer
cavalry forces now in the service, to forty regiments, each
of which regiments to bo organized as provided for by this
act.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That the officers and
enlisted men necessarily discharged from service by this
act, shall, in addition to the allowance granted by existing
laws, receive u.icli three months' extra pay proper.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That all officers of cav-
alry who have been or may hereafter be appointed in the
volunteer forces in the service of the United States rfiall be
etammed byuboaidof officers, to be appointed by the Sec-
retary of War, who shall be familiar with the tactics and
organization of the mounted or cavalry service of the Uui-
ted States Army.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It is very import-
ant that that bill should pass at once, in order that
there may be a reduction in the cavalry regiments
now in the service. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to move that the reduc-
tion shall be to fifty instead of to forty regiments,
as is provided in the second section of the bill of
the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does this bill apply to
regiments already organized ?
Mr.BLAlR,ofMissouri. Itdoes. Itisintendcd
to reduce the en tire number of regiments no win the
service. There are no w in the service seventy-eight
regiments and incomplete regiments of cavalry.
Many of them have no horses, arms, or equip-
ments. It is difficult to procure arms for them.
Many of them, as they are now, are utterly worth-
less for any good to the country. At all events,
it is impossible to put them actively in the field.
They are designated and mustered m as cavalry,
and yet they have no saddles or horses or carbines,
and they cannot be Furnished with them; and they
are of great expense, because they are paid as cav-
alry. They are of no-use and they cannot be made
of any use. It is estimated that this bill, if it is
passed, will reduce the expenses of tiie Govern-
ment for the cavalry arm at least one fourth. At
the same time it will make that arm of the service
more efficient than it is at present. These state-
ments I make upon the best information which
could be obtained by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. IIUTCHINS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri a question. "While the bill
provides for the reduction of the cavalry forccs of
the United States down to forty regiments, does
it provide that the disbanded regiments shall be
mustered out of service, or that they shall be
transferred to the infantry service?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The bill as it comes -
from the Senate reduces the number of cavalry
regiments to forty. The Committee on Military
Affairs move to amend it by making the number
fifty, instead of forty. The number of regiments
now m the service is seventy-eight. Many of that
number are incomplete. Those that may be re-
tained will, of course, be filled up to their maxi-
mum strength. Those that remain, excepting
those, who are disabled and unfit for any service,
may be transferred to infantry regiments.
Mr. WASHBURNjS. The second section of
the bill will answer the question of the gentleman
from Ohio. It provides—
"That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authotized and directed, under Mich regalationsas
he may establish, to icduce, by transfer, ui.-charge, or other-
is wise, all the volunteer cavalry forces now in the service to
11 ioi ty legiweuk, each of which legiments'to be organized
!i a* provided foi bv tin* act.*'
!■ The Committee on Military Affairs move to
i; strike out "forty" and insert "fifty" in lieu
!i thereof.
i\ Let me ask the gentleman from Missouri how
ij many regiments of cavalry there are now fully
ii equipped?
: j Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know the
!; exact number. I know that there are many in-
i,| complete cavalry regiments now in the service,
i! As i have said, some are not even mounted or
