9f>0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
made a few days ago. It was that there had
been two bills introduced for the establishment of
mints, one in Colorado Territory, which went to
the Committee of Ways and Means; and another
for the establishment of a mint in Nevada Terri-
tory, which went to the Committee on Commerce;
and that both ought to be referred to the same
committee—either to the Committee, of Ways and
Means or to the Committee on Commerce. And
I would move now, inasmuch as the gentleman
Has mentioned the subject, that tlie Committee on
Commerce bo discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill for the establishment of a
mint in Nevada Territory, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and that
tbey consider the two bills together. I believe,
with the gentleman from California, that while
there is a necessity for the establishment of a mint
at Denver, there is a still stronger necessity for
the establishment of a mint in Nevada Territory,
and for the reasons he has suggested.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. SARGENT. I will request the gentleman
from Tennessee to yield to allow the motion to be
made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the said bill, and it was referred
' to the-Committce of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee to
recommit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask tho gentleman from Ten-
nessee to yield to me for a single suggestion, to
wit, that a proposition for the establishment of a
mint forcoinage in New York city be also refeired
to the same committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. The questions of establish-
ing mints in Nevada and Colorado, are questions
entirely distinct from the propnety of establishing
a mint for coinage in New York city. The prop-
osition for theestablishmentofamintin Colorado
was recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in his annual report. Of course the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have no feeling about the
matter, other than to promote the general pecu-
niary interests of the count) y. It is a measure
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and for that reason we do not wish this bill re-
ferred generally to the Committee of tho Whole
on the state of the Union, where it will never be
reached. It is a matter which ought to receive
the early action of the House, and therefore I in-
sist upon my motion that the bill lie recommitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means; and upon
that motion I call the previous question.
Mr. BENNET. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I wish to make a sin-
gle remark.
Mr. MAYNAPJ3. I will withdraw my demand
in favor of the gentleman from Colorado.
Mr. BENNET. I desire to make a single
remark in reply to the gentleman from Illinois,
and the gentleman from California. The condi-
tion of Colorado Teriitory, and the necessities for
the establishment of a mint there, are entirely
different from those winch relate to the establish-
ment of a mint in Nevada Territory or in New
York city. The condition of the matter before
the House, too, is vei y different, as rc maikcd by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
This measure was recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury in his annual report, and it is
based, I believe, upon statistics furnished by the
Mint at Philadelphia of the annual yield of gold
in the Territory of'Colorado.
The gentleman from California says that the
mines of Nevada Territory yield three millions of
dollars a month, while those of Colorado yield
only about three millions a year. Now, I want to
say that if the statistics,from these different Ter-
ritories show that fact, I have not read them cor-
rectly. And even granting it to be so, Nevada
Territory is within a shot t distance of the mint at
San Francisco, while Colorado Territory is over
twenty-five hundred miles, by overland travel,
from any mint or assay office.
ThatTemtory has been settled only a tittle over
two years, and its mines have yielded this last
year over two millions of dollars. The first year
they yielded only $4,000; the next year over six
hundre'd thousand dollars; the next fiscal year
over two millions of dollars; and if we progress
in that ratio, by another year the Territory of
Colorado will yield, perhaps, seven or eight mil-
lions of dollars; and I believe that will be the case.
I do not see, then, why, or upon what basis,
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. W^ashburne]
says that there is a much greater necessity for the
establishment of a mint in Nevada than there is
for one in Colorado. The establishment of a mint
in Colorado is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and nothing is said by him in ref-
erence to the establishment of a mint in Nevada
Territory. Having said thus much, I will yield
the floor for the present.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew my call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
VISITORS TO DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. FENTON. I understand that the consid-
eration of the report of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in reference to visitors to the
jail of the District of Columbia was this morn-
ing, upon the motion of my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Blake,] postponed until to-morrow. _ He
understood that I was to be absent only until to-
morrow; and hence he made the motion. I will i
state to the House that I shall be absent several i
days; and if there is no objection upon the part
of the House, and as the gentleman who made
the report [Mr. Delano] is absent, I will ask that
the consideration of that report be postponed for
three weeks.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. FENTON. If objection is made, I move
to reconsider the vote by which the matter was
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope the gen-
tleman will indicate an earlier day, and that he
will make the matter a special order. _ It has al-
ready been postponed from time to time, and it
ought to be disposed of. I am willing to postpone
the consideration of the report a reasonable length
of time, if the gentleman will have it made'a spe-
cial order, so that it may be taken up for consid-
eration.
Mr. FENTON. I adhere to my motion to
reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Blake, to postpone the consideration of the
report until to-morrow.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend that motion
I by making the time three weeks; and upon that
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to he put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was agreed to,
and the motion, as amended, was agreed to.
So the consideration ofthereport was postponed
for three weeks.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN WILSON.
Mr. IIUTCHINS, from the Committee of
Claims, made a report in the case of John Wil-
son, accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Cleik of tlic IIouso pay to John Wil-
ton, out of the contingent fund of tlie House, for hi* ser-
vice* m biipej intending and directing the prcpaiation of the
maps of the land States for tile use of the Committee on
Public Lands, ordered by the lesomtion of the Ilou.-e of
i May 4, 18t8, at the rate of S:1.5.)0 per annum fiom May 4,
| li3iS, to January 1-1, 1852, duiui" the time he was engaged
i in that service.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move that the report be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.
Mr. ELTOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a hill requiring an oath of allegi-
ance and to support the Constitution of the United
States to be administered to masters of American
I vessels clearing for foreign or other potts during
the present rebellion; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ELIOT. I will simply say, in regard to
that bill, that I have letters in my hand from the
Departments of State and of the Treasury, call-
ing for some such action on the part of Con-
gress, and stating that the experience of the Gov-
ernment has rendered it necessary thatsuch legis-
lation should be had. I ask that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE AT THE CAPITOL.
Mr. COLFAX. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, under the
instructions of the House, to report back a bill
establishing a post office in or at the Capitol; but
I am also unanimously instructed by them to say
that they are adverse to the passage of the bill;
and'unless some gentleman desires to speak upon
it,'I move to lay it upon the table.
The-motion was agreed to.
POSTAL MONEY ORDER SYSTEM.
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back with an
amendmentin the nature of a substitute, bill ofthe
House No. 244, to establish a money order system.
The substitute was read.
Mr. BLAIvE. Mr. Speaker, the importance
of this bill to the people, and the great necessity
there is for some safe, practicable method whereby
small sums of money can be transmitted from one
section of our country to another, induce me to
ask tho attention of the House for a short time in
the discussion of its provisions. This bill has
been purposely made somewhat general in its char-
acter, upon the presumption that should such a
system be adopted, the arrangement of its details
might be safely left to experience. It may be
found advisable to confine the system at first, as
was the case in England, to a limited number of
offices. The practical results of its operation at
these offices duringacertain period would furnish
valuable information for subsequent guidance.
This bill authorizes the Postmaster General to
establish a uniform money order system at all
post offices which he may deem suitable therefor,
designating them as " money order offices," the
postmasters at such offices to issue orders forpay-
mcntatany point where such money orderoffices
are located, to any person who deposits from one
dollar to thirty dollars, and pays the required fee:
five cents for any sum from one dollar to ten
dollars, and five cents for every additional sum of
ten dollars, or any less sum than ten dollars.
The bill form's a system by which money can
be sent through tho mails at a very little expense,
and with perfect safety, making not only a con-
venient channel for business men and others, who
have occasion to remit money, but affording the
best and cheapest facilities for our soldiers to for-
ward motley to their families and friends.
Mr. Speaker, this system will not only be safe
and convenient to the people, but it will be a
source of revenue to the Government, now so
much needed to put down this gigantic rebellion,
to sustain the Constitution, and preserve the
Union.
It is a fact, that no one can deny who has taken
the trouble to inform himself on that subject,
that in our postal arrangements we are far behind
England; and but for the crisis that is upon us,
I should urge radical reform in our whole sys-
tem. But now, when the nation is struggling for
life, it would not be wise to agitate any new and
untried experiment that might possibly involve
the nation in debt in the effort. The English
Government, after about twenty years' trial of
the cheap postage and money order system, with
an increasing prosperity every year, now receives
from postage and the issuing of niiiniy orders
a clear revenue of $17,000,000 annually; while
we, under our system, are so far behind lhat Con-
i gress is now at work to meet a deficiency of
■ \ nearly five millions. Nov/, here is a difference of
$22,000,000 between the American and the Eng-
ii lish postal system, and this vast difference cannot
