1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
every civil magistrate in favorofthe party brought
be fine Inm, and attempted to be deprived of his
libei ty—a doubt which should bind the magistrate
to stand by the party who is thus sought to be de-
prived of his liberty, until that doubt is overcome
by lawful evidence. But, sir, no man in the mili-
tary or naval service of this country has the right
to hear evidence or to determine that question of
doubt. I go further. The presumption of law is
that every man in this land is entitled to his lib-
erty until the contrary shall be made to appear.
I want to know by what authority any officer in
the naval or military service of the United States
has the right to assume for himself to hear evi-
dence and to determine against that presumption ?
Mr. MALLORY. I understand my friend from
Ohio to admit m a ease where there is no doubt
either in law or in fact, where the officer knows
the party is the slave of the loyal master who
claims him, that he is willing that the slave should
be restored to the master by the United States
officer.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will pardon
me; I admit no such thing.
Mr.MALLORY. Doesthegentlemandenythat
in that case it is the duty of the officer to restore
the slave to his loyal master?
Mr. BINGHA1VI. I do deny it. J deny that he
has the right to entertain the question. I deny
that he has the right, where no offense is charged,
to clothe himself with authority to sit upon the
right of any human being in this land to his lib-
erty. One of the strongest utterances of the Dec-
laration of Independence may be repeated upon
this floor this day in favorofthe enactment of this
very biil. That utterance was, that " the King,"
whose character is thus marked by every act
which may define a tyrant, " has affected to render
the military independent of, and superior to, the
civil power."
That is what is so offensive in this practice
which has obtained in your camps, from the
shores of the Potomac to the shores of the Mis-
sissippi—the attempt by the military power to as-
sume and exercise civil authority in contempt of
the civil power of the land. Some of your mil-
itary officers of high and low degree have been
detailing their men lor the purpose of seizing, and
have seized peisons not accused of crime, but
suspected of the virtue of preferring liberty to bond-
age. Are we to revive here in this land the hated
rule of the Athenian ostracism, by which men
were condemned, not because they were charged
with crime or proved guilty of crime, but becausc
they were su-spccted to possess and practice the
virtues of justice and patriotism in such degree as
rendered their presence in the State dangerous to
republican equality ? Aiistides was condemned
because he wasjust, and Themistocles because he
was*the savior of the city.
These alleged fugitive slaves, who are subjected
to this intolerable military despotism, are seized,
not upon the charge or the proof that they have
stolen anybody's goods, not that they have in-
vaded anybody's rights, but upon the suspicion
that they have been guilty of asserting their right
of personal liberty, and of running away from a
. cruel and unjust bondage. Some of your officers,
according to the practice of late, assume the right
to sit in judgment upon the delicate question of
the liberty of these suspected persons, to seize
them, to condemn them as slaves, and to surren-
der them over to stripes and punishment.
I have read in the papers, and I believe it is true,
that one of these persons suspected of escaping from
bondage to liberty swam across the Ohio river,
making for an encampment upon the Indiana
shore, where he saw the banner of liberty flying,
which he fondly looked upon as consecrating that
place, at least, as sacred to the rights of person,
and where even the rights of a hunted bondman
would be respected. After having been beaten
about, bruised and mangled against the rocks in
the channel of the river, to whose rushing waters
he committed his life that he might regain his lib-
erty, he reached the opposite shore. Somebody
went into thecampand reported that this man was
suspected of the crime of having run away from
chains and slavery. A company of soldiers, it is
said, were detailed to seize him, and did seize and
return him as a slave to the man who claimed him.
If that practice is to be pursued by the Army and
Navy under the Ameiiean Hag, it ought to cover
with midnight blackness every star that burns
upon its field of azure, and with everlasting in-
famy the men who dare to desecrate it to such base
uses.
What are we fighting for in this land ? 'For the
supremacy of the laws; for the administration of
justice according to law; for liberty regulated and
sheltered by law. We are fighting for the princi-
ple, among others, that no man'shall be deprived
of his liberty in this land without a hearing be-
fore the only tribunals authorized by law to hear
and determine the question. The bill now under
consideration proposes to provide against inter-
fering with that right, sacred as any other, guarded
and protected by the very letter and spirit of the
Constitution. And it surprises me that any gen-
tleman shoufd stand here to-day objecting to the
enactment of such a law.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman to
pause for a while, that I may read an amendment
which I propose to offer before we come to a vote
upon the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me.
I say, then, that no objection can justly be made
to this bill, except the intimations made by some
gentlemen in their interrogatories to me be deemed
a just objection: that the bill will take away from
officers and other persons engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States the prerog-
ative some of them have hitherto assumed of run-
ning down and hunting down men, women, and
children as alleged fugitives from slavery,and re-
turning them to their masters.
Mr. DIVEN. I wish to ask the gentleman
Mr. BINGHAM. What will the gentleman
have ?
Mr. DIYEN. I want the gentleman from Ohio
to specify any case m which a military officer of
the United States Government has ever hunted
down a negro for the purpose of returning him to
his master.
Mr. BINGHAM. The very case I referred to
has been blazoned all over the land, and should
bring the blush of shame to the face of every
American citizen. That should be answer enough
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DIYEN. That is a story founded upon
falsehood.
Mr. BINGHAM. How docs the gentleman
know that?
Mr. DIYEN. Just as the gentleman from
Ohio knows what he asserts.
Mr. BINGHAM. It has received credence all
over the land. It has been blazoned in all the
newspapers from one end of the land to another,
and I have never seen it contradicted.
Mr. DIVEN. The gentleman read only one
side of the paper.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio are not pertinent to the question before the
House, and hence they are out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
merits of the bill cannot be brought under con-
sideration upon a motion to postpone.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before my colleague on the
committee calls the previous question, 1 would
like to ask a question which I think is pertinent
to this matter.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman renew
the demand ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I will.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I gave way to the
gentleman from Ohio with the understanding that
he was to call the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will inform the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that I obtained the floor upon
the condition that I should call the previous ques-
tion; and if the gentleman from Missouri objects
to my yielding, I call the previous question.
Mr. BLAlll, of Missouri. I do object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to putaquestion to
my colleague on the committee. I do not propose
to discuss the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I cannot yield, be-
cause I shall then have to yield to others.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist upon my demand for
the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker-——
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called, and no debate is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to make a
motion which is in order. I move to lay the bill
upon the table. * i
Mr. BINGHAM. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays. .
The yeas and nays were ordered. •.
The question was put; and it was decided hi t&V
negative—yeas 44, nays 87; as follows: :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Bally, Biddle, Jacob B.
Blair, Cobb, Corning, Cravens, Crlsfield, Crittenden, Dun-
lap, English, Grider, Hall, Harding, Holman, Johnson,
Knapp, .Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Maliory, Maynard,
Menzies, Morris, Noell, Nugen, Odell. Pendleton, Perry,
Price, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Francis
Thomas, Vallandigham, Vibhard, Voorhees, Ward, Web-
ster, Wickliffe, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Abhley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Biair, Sam-
uel S. Biair, Blake, Buffinton, Burnhnm, Chamberiin,
Clark, Coifax, Frederick A. Conkling, Conway, Uovode,
Cutler, Davis, Diven, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Fessenden, Fianchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gur-
ley, Hale, Ilanehett, Hariison, Hickman, Hooper, Norton,
Hutching, Julian, Keliey, William K>11oes, Lansing, Loom-
is, .Lovejoy, McKnight. McPherson, Mitchell. Anson P.
Mori ill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Ohn, P tton, Timothy 6.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, l'orter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice,
John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shef-
field, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldingf Stevens, Stratum, Ben-
jamin F.Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
VaiuValkenburgh, Wall, Wallace, Chailus W. Walton, E.
P. Walton, Wasliburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wil-
son, Windom, and Worcester—87.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During: the call of the roll,
Mr. WARD stated that Mr. Haight was de-
tained from the House by illness.
Mr. HARRISON stated that Mr. Noble was
absent in consequence of illness.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM stated that Mr.
Richardson was confined to his room by sick-
ness; and that Mr. Logan and Mr. Fouke were
absent in the service of the country. He also
stated that he was himself absent from the House
on Friday, Saturday, and yesterday, because of
sickness.
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. ANCONA moved thatthe House adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 26, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Bally, Clements, Corn-
ing, Crisfield, Dunlap, English, Johnson, Knapp, Lazear,
Leary, Lehman, Maynaid, Nugen, Perry, James S. Rol-
lins, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Vallandig-
ham, Voorhees, Ward, Wickliffe, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxtei, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Jacob
B. BJair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George II. Biowne, But-
finton,Burnham, Chambeilin, Clark, Colfax, Fiedjiriek A.
Conkluiff, Roscoe Conklmg, Conway, Covode, Cravens,
Cutler, Davis, Diven, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fessen-
den, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gjanger, Grider,
Hale, Ilanehett, Harrison, Hickman, Holman, Hooper,
Ilorton, Hutching, Julian, Kellov, Lansing, Law, Loomis,
Lovejoy, McKnight, MePheison, Maliory, Mitchell, Anson
P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Odell, Olin,
Patton,Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter,
Alexander H. Riec, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edwuid II. Rol-
lins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Ste-
vens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas,
Train, Trimbln, Trowbridge, Van Valkenburgh, Wall,
Wallace, Chailes W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Washbnrne,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Wmdom, and Wor-
cester—95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.R.
No. 240) to authorize the issue of United States
notes and for the redemption or funding thereof
and for funding the floating debt of the United
States; when the Speaker signed the same.
FUGITIVE SLAVES—AGAIN.
The question recurred upon the motion to post-
pone, upon which the previous question had been
demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, on the motion to postpone,
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the previous
question upon the bill and amendment. I do not
desire to press this matter to a vote to-night. I
do not care about occupyingthetime of the House
now. I desire simply that the previous question
