958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
shpuld be sustained, and then, if it is the wish of
ihe House, to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
? Mr, BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that the
House adjourn.
The question was put*, and there were, on a
" division—ayes 59, noes 61; when, the yeas and
nays being demanded,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, withdrew the motion.
- Mr. WICKLIFFE moved a call of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Crisfielp, and Mr. Morrill of Maine.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 63.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Daily, Diddle, George
H. Browne, Clements, Cobb, Cravens, Crisfield, Critten-
den, Dunlap, Dunn, English, Grider, Hall, Harding, IIol-
man, Johnson, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman,
Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Nugen, Perry, Tim-
othy G. Phelps, Price, James S. Rollins, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Francis Thomas, Vailandigham, Vib-
bard, Voorhees, Ward, Webster, YVood, Woodruff, and
Wright—42.
NAYS—-Messrs. Aldrich, Alloy, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, Bnflinton, Chambcrlm, Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkling, ltoscoe Conkling, Conway, Co-
vode, Cutler, Davis, Diven,Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fossenden, Franchot, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger,
Gurley, Hale, Hanchett, Hickman. Hooper, Hutchins, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, McPherson,
Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, NUon, Olin, Pike, Pomeroy,
Porter, Potter, Alexander II. liice, Jshn If. Rice, Riddle,
Edward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shoffield, Sherman, Sloan,
Spaulding, Stevens, Benjamin F.Thomas,Tram,Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Vnlkenburgh, Wall, Wallace,
Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Washbmne, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—79.
So the House refused to adjourn.
VICTORY OF FORT DONELSON*
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to have entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution tend-
ering the thanks of Congress to Generals Halleck
and Grant was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was entered.
FUGITIVE SLAVES—AGAIN.
The question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Bingham, it was taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. "HICKMAN. I desire now to suggest an
amendment, and I hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri will give me an opportunity to do so.
The SPEAKER. It rain be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think the biil very objec-
tionable in some of its features.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, as the
main question has been ordered, and objection is
made.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have not heard any objec-
tion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg the gentleman
from Missouri to give me two minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 have a right to an
hour to close the debate. I will take the floor,
and give the gentleman from Kentucky two or
five minutes.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not suppose
any one will object to hearing the gentleman from
Kentucky for a few minutes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman cannot yield
the floor except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the gentleman
will allow me two minutes. I will not debate the
question at all.
Mr. LOVEJOV. 1 insist on my objection.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I understand
that the bill luis not been engrossed, and it can-
not, therefore, be read the third time.
The SPEAKERS The House has ordered the
bill to be engrossed.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object to its being read
a third time until it has been engrossed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Then I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and on that
motion t demand-the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRAIN moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRAIN withdrew his motion.
Mr. WOOD renewed the motion to adjourn,
and demanded the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Joseph Baily, Jacob B. Blair,
Clement.--, Corning, Ciavens, Crisfield, Dunlap, Dunn,
English, Grider, Harding, Johnson, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Leary, Lehman, Mallory, Maynard, Nujfen, Pendleton,
Perry, Price, James S. Rollins, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Vailandigham, Vibbard, Voorhees, Ward, Web-
ster, Wickliffe, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs.. Aldtich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buf-
finton, Chamberhn, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
ltoscoe Conkling, Conway, Covode, Cutler, Davis, Diven,
Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fessenden, Franchot, Fjank, Gooch,
Goodwin, Guiley, Hale, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper,
Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Lansing, Loomi*, Lovejoy. Mc-
Kniglit, McPherson, Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon,
Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeioy, Portei, Potter.
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edvvaid II. Rol-
lins, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, Sloan, Spaniding. Ste-
vens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas, Train, Trim-
ble, Van Valkenburgh, Wall, Wallace, Chailes W. Walton,
E. P. Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albei t S. White, Wil-
son, and Windom—75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. As the bill has now
been engrossed, I withdraw my motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. 1 raise this point
of order, that the objection of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Steele] sent the bill to the Speak-
er's table; that it is there now and cannot be
reached unless the House proceeds to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table. I
call the attention of the Chair to the 20th page of
Barclay's Digest upon this question.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Blair] to reconsider brought
it back.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. How so? The ob-
jection of thegentleman from New York was made
first, and now the gentleman from Missouri has
withdrawn the motion to reconsider.
Tlur SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
kept the bill before the House. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the Chair hear
me a moment? [Loud cries of Object!"]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
gentleman from Missouri moved to reconsider,
which kept the bill before the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The point I make
—if the Chair will hear me a moment—is, that the
objection was made before the motion to recon-
sider, and that its effect was to send the bill at
once to the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order. Does the gentleman from Ohio appeal?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No, sir; but I rise
to another question of order. 1 make the point of
order that it is not in order to read this bill to-day;
and I refer the Chair to the 116th rule on this sub-
ject:
'•Every bill shall receivc three several readings in the
House previous to its passage; and bills shall bo dispatched
in older as they were mtioduced, unless where the House
shall direct otherwise; but no bill shall be twice read on
the- -same day without special order of the House."
The SPEAKER. The House has directed oth-
erwise m this case.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly, on that
point; but " no bill shall be"—not " read a second
time," as the Digest has it—but " twice read on
the same day without special order of the House."
I make the point of order on this bill that, while
the House have determined that it shall be read
a third time, and therein has dispensed with no
rule and violated none, still it remains yet to be
determined by«the House when the third reading
shall take- place, and that it is not in order to read
it to-day; otherwise the rule requiring a third read- :
ing is a nullity. On this point, I refer the Chair
to rule 118, which is as follows:
"Upon the second reading of a bill the Speaker shall
state it as ready for commitment or engrossment; and if
committed,then a question shall be, whether to a selector
standing committee, or to a Committee of the Whole House;
if to a Committee of the Whole House, the House shall
determine on what day; if no motion ho made to commit,
the question shall be stated on its engrossment; and if it
be not ordered to be engrossed on the day of its being re-
ported, it shall be placed oil the general file on the Speaker's
table, to be taken up in order. But if the bili be oidercd to
be engrossed, the House shall appoint the day when it shall
be read the third time."
Now, the House has not appointed a day, and
I maintain that the bill cannot be read a third time
without a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered the
bill to be read the third time. The bill is engrossed
and ready to be read the third time. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Now, I object that
the House has not appointed a day for this bill to
be read.
The SPEAKER. The su pposition is that when
the day is not fixed, it is now. The invariable
practice of the House has always been, when a
bill is ordered to be read the third time that it is
understood to be now, unless the House direct
another time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Unquestionably;
and that is the rule in all Legislatures, unless the
third reading be objected to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
Order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor on a point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Now, I make the
objection that the House shall appointaday when
the bill shall be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has overruled
that point of order.
A Member, (to Mr. Vallandigham.) Take
an appeal.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No; it is not worth
while to appeal.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer an amendment, which
1 think important.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr.BLAIR ofMissouri,andMr. DUNN, each
claimed the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Before either the gentleman from Missouri or the
gentleman from Indiana had the floor, I had it,
or claimed it, to introduce an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard the
gentleman making any claim to the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I asked the pi*ivilege of in-
troducing an amendment. *
The SPEAKER. That was before the bill was
read the third time. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is, by parliamentary courtesy, entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DUNN. I should like to know by what
parliamentary courtesy I cannot get the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Missouri to give way to me for a moment,
that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to his giving way.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to withdraw the previous question for a mo-
ment. As a member of the Military Committee
which reported this bill I think I have a right to
be heard.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Itis'not in order.
I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Aldrich. Alley, Arnold. A*hley, Babbitt,
Baker, fiaxrei, Beaman, Bingham, Fiance P. Blair. Sam-
uel S. Blair. Blake, Buflinton, Chambeihn, Clark, Coltax,
FredeiK'k A.Conk hug, Iloscoc Cor'kliiisr. Conway. Covode,
Cuilei, Davis, Ihven, Edgerton, Edwards. Ehot, Ei\, Fes-
senden, Ftanchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin. Giangci, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hanchett, Harrison, Hooper, Hutching, Julian,
Kelley, William ICelloag, Laii^ns;, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mc-
Knight. McPherson, Mitchell, Anson P. Moirill, Nixon,
Odell, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter,
