1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95§
Potter, Alexander II Rice. John H. llice, Riddle, Edward
H. Koikn*:, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sheiman, Sloan, SpdtuW-
ing, Steven*,Benjamin F Thorns, Train, Trimble, Trow-
bridge. Vim Horn.Van Valkenbtngh, Wail, Wallace, Charles
VV. Walton. E. P. Walton, Wuabhurne, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wilson, Wmdom, ami Worcester—83.
NAYS—Mt>«is. Ancoua, Joseph Daily, BiddJe, Jacob B.
Blaii, Clements, Cor.iing. Craves, Crisfield, Crittenden,
Dunlap, English, Grider, ILili, UarUing, llohnan, Johnson,
Kiiapp, Law, La/.ear, Leary, Lehman, Mullory/Maynard,
Metizii'S, Mori is, Nugen, Pendleton, Perrv, Price, James
S. llolliu*, John n. Steele, Wnham G. Steele, Fiancis
Thoma>, Valhuuit!xham, Vibbard, Voorhei's, Ward, Web-
ster, Wicklifle, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright—42.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DUNN, when his n?me wag called, said:
Mr. Speaker, as I have been refused the oppor-
tunity of introducing an amendment which would
have made this bill acceptable to myself and others
who favor its general object, and as I have had
no opportunity for explanation, I decline to vote.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Cooper, was detained at home by sickness, but
that, if here, he would certainly have voted against
this measure.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, (at
half past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 26, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a memorial and resolutions of the Legislature
of Kansas, in favor of a continuance of the public
surveys of lands in that State and the extinguish-
ment of the Indian titles. It was
Ordered, That so much ot' the same as relates to the sur-
veys of land* bo referred to the Committee on Public Lands ;
that so much theieofas ielates to the extinguishment of In-
dian titles be leferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs;
and.that they be punted.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of a general
and uniform bankrupt law; which was referredto
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the New York
Academy of Medicine, remonstrating against the
appointment of homoeopathic physicians as sur-
geons in the A  my and Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of cit-
izens of De Soto, Bad Ax county, Wisconsin,
praying for the abolition of slavery throughoutthe
country; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mi. SUMNER presented a petition of the moth-
ers, wives, and daughters of the Pennsylvania
volunteers, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout the country; which was ordered to he
on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. McDOUGALL, it was
Ordered, That the inemoual of Moody, Secor & Co., with
the report of the Seeietary of the Navy in relation thereto,
on the files of the Senate, be letened to the Committee on
Naval Affaiin.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 124) relating to highways in the
county of Washington and the District of Co-
lumbia, repoited it without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 39) to declare the nn-amng of "An act to
authonze the Piesident of the United States, in
certain cases, to take possession of railroad and
telegraph lines, and for other purposes,"approved
January 31, 1862, and to repeal a part of said net,
reported u without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am instructed by the
special committee, to whom was icfeired the sub-
ject of a lailroad between the Mississippi valley
and the Pacific ocean, to report a bill and ask that
it be printed and recommitted. I will state now
the object of the printing. It is to have the bill
before the Senate at as early a day as possible
whenever the Senate can engage in its considera-
tion. The measure as now presented by the com-
mittee is one that has met the approbation of the
committees of both Houses, and is, in substance,
very much the measure that has heretofore passed
the House of Representatives.
The bill (S. No. 213) to aid in constructing a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes, was read twice by its title, recom-
mitted to th<5 select committee on the Pacific rail-
road, and ordered to be piinted.
, MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed- the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 189) for the survey of grants or
claims of land;
A bill (No. 190) extending the laws now in
force regulating trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes, to the Indian reservations of Cali-
fornia;
A bill (No. 244) to establish a postal money
order system;
A bill (No. 294) requiring an oath of allegiance
and to support the Constitution of the United
States to be administered to masters of American
vessels clearing for foreign or other ports during
the present rebellion;
A bill (No. 296) to authorize additional mail-
able matter; and
A bill (No. 299) to make an additional article
of war.
The message furtherannouncedthattheHouse
had passed the bill (S. No. 212) to authorize the
Secretaiy of the Treasury to issue certificates of
indebtedness to public creditors.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred ns indicated below:
A bill (No. 189) for the survey of grants or claims
of land—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 190) extending the laws now in force
regulating trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes to the Indian reservations of California—to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 244) to establish a postal money
order system—to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 294) requiring an oath of allegiance
and to support the Constitution of the United
States to be administered to masters of American
vessels clearing for foreign or other ports during
the present rebellion—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (No. 296) to authorize additional mail-
able matter—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 299) to make an additional article
of war—to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
In tianMiiitting to Congress the accompanying copy of
, two letters, bearing date the 14th of February, 1831, from
| h:s Maiehtythe Major King of Siam to the President of the
United* States, and ot the Piesidcm'.i answer thereto, I sub-
mit for their conMdciation the qucstin'i as to the proper
place of deport of the gitts leceived with the lojat letters ,
lefeired to. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, February 26, 18f>2. t
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the message was j
| referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, :
| and ordered to be printed. ]
! CULTIVATION OF COTTON LANDS. j
| Mr. WADE. 1 move to take up the bill that |
' 1 reported yesterday concerning the cotton lands ;
j on the coast of South Carolina and Georgia. J |
i believe it is Senate bill No. 201. i
! Mr. HARRIS. If that bill is to excite debate J
j or occupy much time, I shall be opposed to taking ,
! it up. I desire to have the Oregon case disposed j
I of to-day. 1
Mr. WADE. I do not know that the bill will
cause any debate. I thought it would pass yes-
terday without much debate; but some gentleman
wanted it to lie over. It is very necessary that it
should be passed as soon as possible, if itis.tobe
passed at all. It is for the purpose of regul&tiijg
things on the sea islands, at Port Royal. ' " '
Mr. HARRIS. 1 do not wish to delay it; and
will not object to its being taken up now; but if
it shall excite debate, I shall feel constrained to
move its postponement in order to take up the
Oregon case.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will not cause debate,
i and I hope it. will be passed. I believe it runs
clear of all objections that arise on other bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone all prior orders for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of the
bill indicated in his motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 201)
to provide for the occupation and cultivation of
the cotton and other lands in possession of the
United States lying along the southern coast of
the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
TheVJCE PRESIDENT. The question is:
" Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend from Ohio is
exceedingly anxious that we pass this bill at this
time, in a single hour. In my judgment there is
a policy entered upon in this bill of very great im-
portance to theGovernment in a pecuniary point
of view, and in every point of view. I have not,
I confess, examined the bill as closely as I ought
to have done, for f did not suppose it would come
up for immediate action. 1 supposed that I should
hear it discussed by some gentleman m the Senate
who are better able to discuss it than myself.
The question that arises is whether the Govern-
ment itself shall go into the business of raising
cotton. Thut is the substance of it. Shall this
Government undertake to run plantations, and
raise cotton on its own account? If the proposi-
tion were to lease out these lan^s to somebody to
raise the cotton, I do not know that I should have
any objection; but the question with me, as an
economical question, is, can this Government go
into the business of raising cotton, or anything
else, without making it economically a perfect
failure on the part of the Government? Can we
employ agents to carry on the system of raising
cotton, and expect to realize anything from it?
The question m my mind is, whatever we do with
these lands while in our possession temporarily,
whether it is not best to lease them out. If your
commissioners are authorized simply to lease out
these lands for a short period of time, until loyal
State governments there are reestablished, I shall
have no objection to it; but 1 confess, it strikes me
as a policy of very doubtful experiment whether
this Government can make anything in the oper-
ation of raising cotton on its own account, by em-
ploying agents, and authorizing them to purchase
$10,00(5 worth of seed, &c., for every thousand
acres. That is the question in my mind. If 1 can
be satisfied on that subject, I would waive any ob-
jection to the bill on my part, for I am anxious
to have something done.
Mr. President, before Christmas I introduced
a pioposition myselffor the appointment of three
commissioners—it is no matter what you call them,
commissioners or guardians—to go right along
with the armies whenever they enter into any one
of the insurrectionary districts, and with the con-
sent of the commanding general, to make rules arid
regulations for the government of the district until
the loyal State government is reestablished, pro-
vide for the leasing of the lands until the rebellion
is put down, and provide for the employment of
all persons that may be found upon the lands by
such rules and regulations as they may think
proper, to be submitted to the President, and by
him to be submitted to the next Congress. I do
not object to your acting upon tins proposition.
The question in my judgment is, what is best to
be done? Is it best for this Goternment to go into
the plantation business on its own account, with
its own agents, or is it best for this Government
to lease out these lands during the rebellion, if you
please, to some one who will take the lands and
cultivate them? That is the question with me.
Can we make anything by it? I should like to
