960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
hear from gentlemen on this subject, before I am
willing to pass this provision of the bill.
Mr. WADE. The Senatordeals much more in
argument and speech-making than 1 do. When
biils-are placed on my table that I expect to act
upon, I generally run them over and satisfy myself
whether I shall vote for them or not, and I hardly
«xpect much light from argument after that, and
I hardly ever listen very closely to it after that.
But this is not a bill for the purpose of making
money outof cultivating cotton lands for the Gov-
ernment, as I understand it. 1 do not suppose
that the Government is going to make any very
great sum by this operation; but the state of facts
is something like this: we have a large territory
from which the white people that formerly took
charge of the population that is left behind, pro-
vided for them, and kept them at work, are all
gone off, and they have left the colored people
there to themselves; and our soldiery have taken
possession and eaten the provisions that they pro-
vided for these people. Now, it is perfectly evi-
dent thatsomething ought to be done. Something
ought to be done with these people. They ought
to be-set to work. They,U maybe supposed,
are in a condition to want some superintendence.
You may lease the land to some white person;
but what will he do with these people? Will he
furnish them with provisions; will he take care
and superintendence over them, such as ought to
be done; or will he reduce them to a state worse
than that from which they have escaped? What
will he do when you make no law with regard to
them, and the Government takes no interest what-
ever in this great class of ignorant population ? I
understand that there are about twenty-five thou-
sand there, men, women, and children, entirely
deprived by the act of our army of the means of
subsistence, with nobody to set them to work, or
to furnish them with anything whatever. If the
Senator from Wisconsin can devise anything bet-
ter than there is in this bill for the regulation of
these people and for the occupation of the coun-
try, 1 shall be very glad of it. I do not suppose
it is a speculation of the Government. My judg-
ment is that the Government will not lose any-
thing by the operation, while these people will be
taken care of, kept at labor, and not suffered to run
at large there, with nothing under heaven to do,
and nobody to regulate or regard or care for them.
Nothing occurs to me better than the provisions
of this bill for that purpose, a very temporary
^ purpose, just while the land is in the occupation
of our army, as a military operation, consequent
upon the march of our army and the occupation
of this territory. It only provides for one year.
It is not entering upon any general policy. The
policy is superinduced temporarily from the pe-
culiar circumstances of that country and the pop-
ulation. It may not happen in any other place;
I do not know that it will; but if it should, 1 do
not know any better way than this, as a trial. If
it occurs to the gentleman that he can take care of
these people, if he can occupy these landsto better
advantage than this bill proposes, nobody will be
more thankful than i shall be if he will offer his
proposition, and no one will be more ready than
1 shall be to embrace it.
I do not suppose, I say-again, that the Govern-
ment is going to make any great profit out of it.
I hope it will come out even; I hope, indeed, that
it will make a little, and I really think it will, if we
enter promptly on it. If we put good men to su-
perintend it, I think the Government will make
more money than will pay for the expense con-
sequent upon it, and I do not expect much more.
That is my view. 1 do not know what may be
the views of the originator of this bill, for I never
have had the pleasure of comparing notes with
him on the subject; but when I took up the bill
after it was referred to our committee, and read it
over, it was the unanimous opinion, 1 believe, of
the committee that the provisions were safc>, that
the measure was reasonable, and nothing better
occurred to us than the provisions of this bill, as
adapted to the peculiar circumstances of that coun-
try and that people.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio that the time has come which I have
long foreseen was coming, when this question,
what shall we do with this population which is
upon our hands, has got to be met and got to be
answered. If there had been a commission sent
from this body, joined with members of the House
of Representatives, three of the most Intelligent
men that could have been selected here, and five,
peihaps,from the House of Representatives—if
they had been sentdown to Port Royal, with their
own eyes to see the elephant we have on our hands,
they could come back here and make suggestions
in relation to this question that would be of ser-
vice to this body, to the other House, and to the
whole country. Sir, the time has come; and i
agree with the Senator from Ohio that it has come.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator whether
he has read the very able report of an agent sent
down by the Treasury Department, Mr. Pierce.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I have
read it.
Mr. WADE. I wish you would read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 shall be very happy to
do so.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a very complete docu-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I confess to a considerable
degree of ignorance myself; I do not understand
this measure as well as I should understand it;
but the question which strikes me is, whether it
is good policy for this Government to undertake
upon its own account to cultivate these cotton
lands and employ agents, and be at the expense
of furnishing the seed and the agricultural imple-
ments and all that, to the amount of $10,000 to
each thousand acres of this land.
Mr. WADE. The commissioners are author-
ized to lease the lands if that shall be most eligible.
Mr. FOSTER. The whole of them.
Mr. WADE. The whole of them orany por-
tion. They are vested with discretion about that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection, cer-
tainly, to that provision of the bill. I should favor
the provision that they be authorized to do so; but
this authorizing them to run the plantations on the
acco'unt of the Government, seems to me to open
the door to enormous expenses, of which we can
form no conception whatever.
Mr. WADE. The bill limits it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is the bill limited to any
particular county or counties? May it not em-
brace the whole ofSouth Carolina mid ofGeorgia,
as our armies advance into the interior? And if
we are to take the whole cotton plantation busi-
ness upon our hands as a Government, may we not
break down in the operation ? As an economical
question, does it not address itself to us in this way?
If it is to authorize commissioners simply to lease
these grounds temporarily, I shall not object, but
the provision which authorizes the Government,
on its own account, to go into the cotton cultiva-
tion, seems to me to be very questionable as a mat-
ter of policy.
Mr. President, I do not desire to delay action
on this bill; I am willing to come to a vote. My
friend from Ohio suggests that I rely, perhaps,
more upon arguments thatare addressed to us than
I ought, more than he does. I confess that when
I am ignorant on aquestion ofthiskind,I do listen
to him and to other gentlemen who address us
here, with great interest, fori really desire to know
what is the best policy. At some proper time—
and I do notknow butwliatthediscussion of this
question is just as good as any other time—I mean
to propose that the Government of the United
States shall take some measures to collect its taxes
and raise its revenues in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts, and to raise them out of these lands. 1 want
these commissioners to be authorized to levy the
taxes and to sell the lands if it be necessary, in
order to raise the taxes that are due from them to
this Government. I am willing to give these com-
missioners this power to lease the lands, and in
the leases to provide for the employment of such
persons as may be found residing upon the lands.
1 want those leases, however, to come under the
control of Congress, if they are to run for any
great length of lime. Whatever these commis-
sioners shall assume to do, I want it to be reported
to Congress, so that Congress can look them over
either at this or at the next session. That section
of the bill which authorizes the Government of
the United States, or agents in behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to cultivate these
lands, is the section of the bill the policy of which
I question. The othei section of the bill, author-
izing them to lease the lands, I do not object to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President , nature will not ]
wait,even if Congress will; nature is not dilatory, '
e\en if Congress is. Now, seed time is at hand, j
aryj the cotton seed must be planted in these plant-
ations, or there will be no crops. That must be
done within a week or a fortnight. There is,
therefore, not a single moment to be lost, and the
Senator from Ohio is right in pressing this prop-
osition. But the Senator from Wisconsin objects
to the authority given to the commissioners to
manage these plantations themselves. He ap-
proves of the system of leasing, but he objects to
the other part of the proposed system. Now, sir,
according to the best of my information, and I
have endeavored to ascertain the exact state of the
case there, the part of the system now under con-
sideration that is most open to criticism is the
proposition to lease. It is that which is open to
the most abuse. Under the proposed leasing sys-
tem, if it is not properly managed, considerable
estates may pass into the hands of speculators,
who may think that there, in South Carolina, they
may emulate the fortunes of the nabobs of whom
we have read in the East Indies. The very'sug-
gestion of that idea seems to me to be an argu-
ment; and I hope the Senator from Wisconsin
will withdraw his objection to this proposition,
which I believe has been carefully matured, which
certainly ought to be acted on at once, and which,
in the very feature that he is disposed to criticise,
seems to me to be most acceptable.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I concur
fully in the propriety of legislation upon the sub-
ject to which this bill relates. Something ought
to be done; but when it is done it ought to be well
and carefully done. This is about as important
and difficult a question as, perhaps, has been un-
der consideration during the present session; and
I confess that I am not prepared to vole for this
bill in its present shape. It has been before us
a very limited time, indeed. It has been very re-
cently laid on our tables. I have not had time
for a careful and critical examination of it. On
the hasty examination I have given it, I do not
think it is as well matured as it should be; and if
there is any bill before us, or if there has been
any bill before us, that requires examination, con-
sideration, and perfection by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, I think this bill does; and if it is not too
late to do so, I propose to move a reference of the
bill to that committee. I ask the Chair whether
it is now in order to move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 shall submitthat motion;
but I wish first to call the attention of the Senate
to one provision in the bill alone, in the very first
section of it, that seems to me fraught with diffi-
culties that will surround its execution, so as to
make it totally inefficient, and surround us with
inextricable difficulties in any attempt to execute
it properly and justly. The first section of the
bill provides "that a board of receivers for the
States of South Carolinaand Georgia shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
which board shall consist of three persons, who,
or any two of whom, shall take, manage, and use
for the benefit of the Treasury of the United States
all property which may be committed to them by
the military authority;" that is, all property in
South Carolinaand Georgia. What militaiy au-
thority ? Who is to commit it to them? 1 sup-
pose a captain in command of a company m a
neighborhood anywhere is a military authority.
The bill is totally vague and indefinite as to what
military authority is meant. Are the orders to
come from the Secretary of War? He is, in some
sense, the head of the military authority. Truly
and strictly, when you say " military aiuhoiity5'
alone, the President is the representative of the
military authority. Is he to commit it to them: and
if so, upon what information is he to act? Is the
Secretary of War to designate what property shall
be committed to these commissioners ? Is a gen-
eral that may be in command in one of these States,
is a colonel m command of a regiment, or a cap-
tain in command of a company, or a corporal in
command of a squad ? Who is to do it, and whose
property is to be committed to them ' 1 apprehend
that there arc some loyal people in both of these
States, whose persons and whose pioperty it is as
much our imperative and sacred duty to protect us it
is to protect the porsonsand pioperty of ourselves
and our immediate constituents Is all the prnp-
eity in these States to be committed to them, or
is it to be at the will and caprice, at the prejudice,
