THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1,
tion, unless he is a citizen of the United States,
or has declared his intention to become such. But
the law of Kansas admits all Indians to vote who
have adopted the habits of the white man.
But it may be said, that the only effect of such
a provision would be to exclude all such votes as
illegal, and not to vitiate the election. The board
of elections would be bound to admit them, be-
cause, under the law of the Territory, thev are
legal votes. The election law of Kansas, there-
fore, admits a class of voters who, by the organic
act passed by Congress, are prohibited from
voting. While the law admits a class to vote
who are prohibited by Congress, it excludes, by
test oaths, a class which the organic act permits
to vote, and to whom the Constitution of the
United States guaranties the rights of franchise.
This law is doubly void, then, because it per-
mits a class to vote who are excluded by the
organic law, and excludes a class who are enti-
tled, upon every principle of a just and free
Government, to vote in the Territory of Kansas.
I need not repeat the provisions m reference to
the test oaths, one of which disqualifies any
man from voting if he refuses to swear to sup-
port the fugitive slave law. These provisions
not only violate the Constitution of the United
States, but are subversive of every principle of
just government, and trample in the dust the in-
alienable rights of American freemen. Of what
use is the elective franchise, if you can impose
upon the voter, as a qualification to vote, an
oath to support any particular law? For what
does he go to the polls save to elect men to make,
alter, amend, or repeal laws? And if, when ho
comes to vote, he must first swear to support
the very law he wants changed, it is a mockery
to call it the right of suffrage.
The nineteenth section of this law, though it is
not m conflict with the letter of the Constitution,
violates every principle of fairness or justice in
tb.* exercise of franchise among fair and honest
voters. It declares that " whenever any person
shall offer to vote he shall be presumed to be
entitled' to vote.'" This provision requires the
party who would preserve the purity of the ballot-
box to prove a negative. The opinion of the
venerated Senator from Delaware, Mr. Clay-
ton, describes truly the effect of this clause in a
speech he made 111 the Senate during the extra
session: "There could be no justice m elections
with such a provision as that in the bill. The
burden of ptoof is on tin' wrong party, and
therefore the law is clearly and manifestly unjust
and oppressive." Under it every peison un-
known to the citizens of the election precinct
could vote; and it would be entirely unnecessary
for a foreigner to be naturalized, for, were he chal-
lenged, the objector must prove that he is not natu-
ralized, which would manifestly be impossible.
By section twenty, ** Whenever any person
often* to vote his vote may be challenged by one
of the judges, or by any voter, and the judges of
the election may examine him touching his right
to vote; and if .so examined, no evidence to contradict
shall he. received." Though the objector may hold
in his hands the most ample evidence to prove the
false voter's perjury, yet his vote must be received.
Wefl might the Senator from Delaware ask, as
he did in the Senate, in what part of the civilized
world is an election conducted on tl\is principle 5
The election law of Kansas, upon which tins
certificate is based, is, in addition to the reasons
already given, unconstitutional, for it fixes in the
twelfth section qualification^ for a member of
Congress different from those prescribed by the
Constitution of the United States. The qualifi-
cation fixed by the second section of article one
of the Constitution is, that
iC No person shall be a Representative who shall not have
attained the age of twenty-live years, and have been sewn
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be an inhabitant of that .State in which lie
shall be chosen."
It is not in the power of the States or Terri-
tory to require other or additional qualifications
than those specified in this article of the Consti-
tution.
In Barney rs. McCreery, first session Tenth
Congress, this was the only point involved in the
contest. By a law of Maryland Baltimore city
and county was made one congressional district,
entitled to two members; and the law further ;
required that one should be a resident of the city j
and the other of the county. The two candidates
having the highest number of votes both lived in
the county. Barney, living in the city, contested
McCreery's seat on the ground that both mem-
bers could not under the law of Maryland reside
in the county. The House decided by a vote of
89 to 18 that McCreery was entitled to his seat,
and that the Constitution of the United States,
having fixed the qualifications of members, no
additional qualifications can rightfully be required
by the State; thus setting aside a law of a sover-
eign State. The twelfth section of the election law
of Kansas requires as a qualification for a Dele-
gate that he shall possess the qualifications pre-
scribed for voters. Those qualifications are
inhabitancy, payment of a territorial tax, and
oath to support the fugitive-slave law, and never
having been fined under the fugitive-slave act in
any court of any State or Territory. This law
permits Indians who are not citizens to vote, but
prevents white men if they have ever been con-
victed of any violation of the fugitive-slave law,
" whether such conviction were by criminal pro-
ceeding or civil action for the recovery of any
penalty prescribed by said act." Any person
that has been at any time so convicted cannot
vote in Kansas to-day, and is under her laws
ineligible as a Representative in Congress.
The Senator from Delaware, (Mr. Clayton,)
whose bier has just passed to the church-yard,
in speaking of this law in the Senate Chamber,
with almost his dying breath, said:
" I denounce this as an unjust and ciuol law against one
section of the TInion, and an insult to honorable men who
differ totally with me on groat questions of politics, and
yet are as hone<t as 1 am, oi any nftin on this floor." * *
" I hold thus injustice to be unexampled.'1
" Sir, it is a tiling unheaid of m the histoiy of the coun-
try, that in the intioductiou of a Tenitoiy into the Union
as a State, or in the foimation ot a teiritou.il government,
yon should leqmre men in the Territoiy to swear to sup-
port your acts of Congics*."
Take, then, the law of Kansas, the certificate
of election of this Delegate, and the Constitution
of the United States, and put them side by side,
and they fail to make out a prima facia case; for
they show that the election itself was invalid,
there being no valid law under which it could be
held.
But, sir, in addition to the invalidity and uncon-
stitutionality of the legislation of Kansas, there
is still another reason why this House should not
recognize it, for it would be giving support and
countenance to a most odious despotism on Amer-
ican soil. Both branches of Congress, at its last
session, refused to appropriate any money for its
support, for the double reason that it was a usurp-
ation and a despotism combined—a despotism that
we are asked to recognize after the lecorded opin-
ions of its character, not only in the official acts of
both branches of Congress, butalso by such men
as General Cass, Clayton, Bayard, Welier, and
other Senators, who will not beregnrded, I trust,
as fanatics. General Cass, on the 52d of July last,
said, on the floor of the Senate, "There is no
doubt that some of the statutes passed by the
Legislature of Kansas are a disgrace to the age and
the country." I repeat the strong expression—
" a disgrace to the age and the country."'
I also refer to the opinion of Senator Bayard,
of Delaware, and certainly he will not be charged
with special fanaticism, coming,as ho does,from
a slave State, where this kind of fanaticism, for
freedom and free territory, of which gentlemen
affect to be so much afraid, does not prevail. I
summon him to the stand, therefore, as a cool,
dispassionate witness. In speaking of these laws
he says:
''There are certain of the law? of Kansas which aie
unquestionably, in themselves, shot king to tliemoial sense.
There are certain of the laws of Kansas that invade natural
rights.'*— Congrcusional Globe, extra session, Thirty-Fourth
Confrere, p. 30.
Speaking of these laws, Mr. Weller, of Cal-
ifornia, used this language:
They are so infamous m their character that I am un-
willing they should stand upon the statute-book of any of
the Teriuones ot this Union. I behove they violate not
only the organic law, but the Constitution of the United
Stales." * * * * * *
" The Senate regarded those acts passed by the Legisla-
tive Council of Kansas Territory as not only unjust in their
character, and oppressive upon the people, but m deroga-
tion of the organic law, and m violation of the Constitution
of the United States. Some of these ants are revolting to
every feeling of humanity." *****
" I say, and I repeat, that such a law is an infamous
law."
And yet we are asked to recognize this infa-
mous legislation which shocks the moral sense,
and is a disgrace to the age, by admitting is
chosen representative the same as if he came
under valid and just law. ■
It is the duty of Congress to see that the n^nts
of a people under its exclusive jurisdiction are
protected, and especially that all the guarantees
of its own law are secured to those relying on its
faith and authority; and if the Executive neglects
his duty,as the present one has, the people have
no other mode of redress than to appeal to you
to shield them against wrong perpetrated upon
them by his negligence or acquiescence. And,
sir, so far as my action is concerned, I never
will uphold or countenance a despotism anywhere
on American soil. Nor by any act of mine will
[ directly or indirectly give aid and support to a
usurpation anywhere on the rights and liberties
of American freemen.
Now, sir, I summon Mr. Clayton to the stand,
who served the Republic in its high posts of
honor through a long life, and, though dead,
still lives in the hearts'of his countrymen. I read
from his almost dying declaration, uttered in the
Council Chamber of the Republic. I call the
attention of the House and the country to his
declaration as to the character of the laws and
government in Kansas, which we are now called
on to recognize by our action. At the last session
of Congress, when Mr. Whitfield was admitted to
a seat as Delegate from the Territory of Kansas,
the House had not been officially informed as to
the charactcr of the government of that Territory,
or as to the mode and manner of its formation.
It is true, we had what was considered, and as
it was finally proven to be, authentic information;
but gentlemen thought they were not justified in
the absence of official evidence in refusing to
allow the usual oath of office to be administered.
But, now, with official information of the fraud
and violence of the elections that secured the
legislation, we are asked to recognize this gov-
ernment, which has been thus characterized by
some of the ablest men of the Republic. Mr.
Clayton, in speaking of these laws, says:
Now, sir, lot me allude to that subject which is the
gre.it cause of all this discord between the two Houses.
The tin/usi, iniquitous, oppressive, and infamous laws enacted
by the Kansas Legislature, as it is called, ought to be
repealed befoie we adjourn." + * * uVVhataie
these laws ? One of them sends a man to hard lahoi for not
le-w than two years for daring to discuss the question
whether slavery exists, or does not exist, m Kansas: not
le->s than twojcais—it may be fifty; and if a man could
Uve as old as Methuselah, it might be over nine hundred
yeai«. That act prohibits all freedom of discussion in Kan-
sas on the great subject directly referred to the exclusive
dccwoii of the people in that Territory ; strikes down the
liberty of the piess too; and is an aet egregiou-Oy tyrannical
as. ever was attempted by anv of the Stuaits, Tndors, or
Plantagenets of England, and this Senate persists in declar-
ing that we arc not to repeal that 1
Sir, let us tender to the House of Representatives the
repeal of that and all other objectionable and infamous laws
that were pas&ed by that Legislature. I include m this*
denunciation, without any hcsitauon, those acts which
pic<ciibe that a man shall not even practice law in the
Territoiy unless he swears to support the fugitive slave
law ; that he shall not vote at any election, or be a member
of the Legislature, unless he swears to support the fugmvo
slave taw; that he shall not hold any office of honor or
trust there unless he swears to support the fugitive slave
law; and you may as well impose just such a test oath for
any other and every other law,1' * * * *
" (will not go through the whole catalogue of the oppress-
ive laws of this Temtoiy. I have done that before to-day.
There are others as had as these to which I have now
lefened." * * * * * "I will not, on the
other hand, ever degrade myself by standing for an instant
by those abominable and infamous laws which I denounced
here this morning. What I desire now is, that the Senate
of the United States shall wash its hands of all participation
m these iniquities by repealing those laws."
Such was the almost dying declaration, in ref-
erence to the laws of Kansas, of one of the ablest
and purest statesmen of the Republic. Let us
heed his admonition, and wash our hands of all
participation in these iniquities.
What are the laws denounced in such strong
terms by these veteran statesmen and Nestorsof
the Senate? The very election law under which
this certificate is given is one of them, and the
principal one, though there are other sections of
this code included; the following among the
number:
" If any free person, by speaking or by writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, or shall introduce into thw Territoiy, punt,
publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into thw
Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated in this
Terntory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, or circu-
