6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1,
why refuse admittance to the Delegate who comes
here with the proper certificate, and without a con-
testant? 1 ask that the oath be now administered
to him. If there be a contest as to his right to a
seat—if it is desired that there shall be a full ex-
amination into the facts of the election, let the
whole matter, after the Delegate shall be admitted
to his seat, be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions. That committee can report the facts, and
recommend such action as will be appropriate.
The House can then decide in such manner as
justice demands; and I hope this, the usual
course, will be pursued.
In the few remarks made by me on asking that
Mr. "Whitfield be-sworn, I did not assert that the
course of the gentleman from Pennsylvania in
this matter was unprecedented, but only that it
was unusual. I cited the New Jersey case, and
stated there might be one other case of like pro-
cedure, but they are exceptions that prove the
rule. In the New Jersey case the decision of the
House would affect the political character of the
body, and it was proper that the rpatter should
be at once settled. In this ease there is no such
characteristic. And I have no hesitancy in lay-
ing down the rule by which I would be guided
in all contested-election cases. When a member
presents himself with a certificate of election
from the proper authority, I am willing to have
him sworn in, and to let the investigation of the
case be undertaken by the Committee of Elec-
tions, When that committee reports will be
time enough for the decision of the House. This
would be doing justice to all parties concerned.
JNTo other rule can be safely adopted. Any other
would needlessly delay the proceedings of the
House.
If the course suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania be adopted, tins case may consume
our time for days, perhaps the entire month,
before any decision is arrived at. On the con-
trary, if what I propose be carried out, although
the oath is administered to Mr. Whitfield, the
House will have complete control of the case,
and, after the report from the Committee of Elec-
tions, can decide the case as they please.
I did not expect any discussion to-day on my
presentation of Mr. Whitfield's credentials. I
anticipated the adoption of the course intimated
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,1
and that the oath of office would be administered
to Mr. Whitfield without objection; but with the
expression of an intention, as was done at the
last session, to hereafter investigate the matter.
[Mr. ORR hero reported that the committee
appointed to wait upon the President had dis-
charged that duty; and that he had informed them
that he would, to-moriow, at twelve o'clock, in.,
send to the House a message in writing.]
The SPEAKER stated the question to be,
c< Shall Mr. Whitfield bo sworn in as Delegate
from the Territory of Kansas ?"
Air. FLAGLER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 97, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Barkulale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Boeock, Howie, Boyee, Branch,
Brooks, fhoum, Burnett, Cadwalader, John'P. Campbell,
Carhle, Caskie, (Jhngman, Unwell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Denver, Dowdell, Ed--
mundson, English, Ltheridge, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnctt,
Goode, Greenwood, J. Moru on Harris, Sampson VV.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston,
Jowett, George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones. Kent, Kellv,
Kenneff, Kid well, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Humphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Moore, Mouii-on, ;
Orr, Packer, Paine, Peck, Purler, Powell, Puijear, Unit- j
man. Ready, Ricaud, Timlin, Sandidge, Savage. Shorter, i
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sn^ed, Stephens, Stewart, t<wupe, Tnppe, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wells, VVhoelor,
Whitney, Williams, Wmsiow, and Zollicoffer—97.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghui&t, .Bingham,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Gallowav, Giddings, Gil-
bert, Granger, Glow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Haven,*
Hodges, Holioway, Thomas R. Jlorton, Valentine B. Mor-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Kmght,
Knowlton. Knox. Leiter, Mace, Matteson,McCaity, Killian
Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Peny, Pettit,
Pheips, Pike., Pringle, Purviance. Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts,
Robisofl, Sawn, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Tialton, Wade, vVakeman, Walbndge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Wa&hburne, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Watson, Welch, Wood, and Woodruff—104.
So the House refused to allow Mr. Whitfield
to be sworn in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. NORTON said that if he had been present
when his name was called, he would have voted
in the negative.
Mr. HARRISON said that if he had been
present when his name was called, he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS said that he voted in the nega-
tive, for the purpose of moving to reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. CUMBACK said that if he had been pres-
ent when his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. GROW. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken*, and also move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
decided in the negative—yeas 92, nays 107; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Bianch,
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Crawford, Culleii, Denver, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, English, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas
J. D Fullet, Garuett, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison
llama, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. H.xrri-, Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston, Jcvvett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kennett, Kuhvell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall. Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
sou, Milhvard, Mornson, On, Packer, Pame, Peck, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Uullin, Sandidge, Savage,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Small, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Tiippe, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Wmsiow, and Zollicofier—92.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay. Henry Bennett, Benson, Bdlmghurst, Bingham, Bh*s,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffimon, Burhngame, James H.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Coming,
Covode, Cragm, Cumbaek, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Ether-
idge, Flagler, Galloway,Guiding*,Gilbert, Grange), Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Ilodges, Hollo-
way, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,
Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Mace, Malteson, McCarty, Killian Miller, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols Not ton, Andiew
Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Piingle, Purvianee, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Rob-
lson, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Shenuan, Simmons, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston,
Todd, Traiton, Wade, VVakeman, Walbndge, VValdron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. VVa^ibume, Isiael
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, and Woodruff—107.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table,
Mr. FLORENCE moved that there be a call
of the House, and demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House ad-
journ.
The question was put;and, on adivision, there
were—ayes 94, noes 301.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ruffinand
Perry were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 101.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was decided in the negative—yeas 94, nays 108;
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, !
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Bianch, i
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Camphell, I
Carlile, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. !
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Flenry Winter Davis, !
Denver. Dowdoll, firimundson, Etheiidge, Evans, Faulkner, i
Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller !
fcarnett, Goode, Greenwood, Samp-on W. Harris. Thomas :
L. Harris, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewell, Geoi^e W. ;
Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kelly. K^miou. Kidwell, !
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mai-hall. Samuel S. ,
Marshall, Maxwell. McMullin, McQueen, Smith Milieu !
Millson. Morrison, Orr, Packer, Peck, Pbolp*. Porter, Pow- :
ell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Hullin, Sandidj^,
Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wilhain
R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swqpe, Tnppe, iy-
feon, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wmsiow, and Zollicoffer—
94.
nays—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball,- Harbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss. Bradshaw, Brenton, Buftinton, Builmgame,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard
Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Coll'av, Comins, Covode,
Ciagm, Cumbaek,Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Emrie, English, Flagler, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Holioway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lcitcr, Mace, Matteson,
McCarty, Killian Miller, Moore, Morgan, MornlJ, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,Pringle, Purviance,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
VVakeman, Walbndge, Wdldron, Cadwalader C. Wa&h-
buine, Ellihu B. Washburne. Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wood, and Woodruff—108.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring upon the motion of
Mr. Florence that there be a call of the House,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 93, nays 109; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch,
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawlbid, Cullen, Denver, Dowdell, Ed-
iuiukUoii, Etheridge, Evan-s, Faulkner, Floience.Hemy M.
Fullei, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Ilairi&on, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett, George, W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kent, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S Mai shall, Maxwell. Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moruson, Orr,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Phelp^, Porter, Powell, Puiyear, Quit-
man, Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Sandidgtt, Savage, Slim ter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, St< wart, Swope, Tnppe, 'lyson. Under-
wood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheeler, \Vhitney,
Williams, VVinslow, and Zollicoffer— 93.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Baiclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnehursl, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Biudshaw, Brenton, Buffinion, Burhngame, James
II. Campbell,Lewib D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bavaid Claike,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Collax, Comms, Covode, Cragm,
Cumbaek, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durtee, Edie, Flagler, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Gianger, Grow, Robeit B. Ilail, Harlan,
Haven, Hodges, Holioway,ThomasR. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Mace, Matteson. McCarty, Kil-
lian Miller, Millvvard, Moore, Morgan, Moirill, Mott, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Norton, Andiew Oliver, Paikei, Pe;uee, Pel-
ton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnnglo, Purviance,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmon®, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Tiaiton.'Valk. Wade,
VVakeman, Walbndge, VValdron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wood, and Woodiuff—109.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walker
and Allison were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 89, noes 94.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 96, nays 103; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Baiksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Bianch.
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader. John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W\
Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Henrv Winter Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, Edmundhon, Ethendge, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thorns J. D. Fuller, Gar-
nett, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson VV.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston.
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jone*, Kent, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith
duller, Millson, Millward, Morrison, Orr, Packer, Paine,
Peek, Phelp-i, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Pveadv,
Ricaud, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Shoiter, Samuel «A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swooe, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood Vail.
Valk, Warner, Wells, Wheeler, Whitnev, Williams
Win-low, and Zollicoffer—96. "
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghuist, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffmton, Burlingame,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bavard
Claike, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Collar, Comms. Covode
Cra?m, Cumbaek, Timothv Davis, Day, Dean,'De Witt
Dick, Dodd, Durtee, Edie, Emne, Flagler. Galloway Gid-
dmgs Gilbert,- Granger. Grow. Robert B. HaM, Harlan,
