1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CJLOBE.
James L. Seward. No excuse offered.
John Sherman. No excuse offered.
George A. Simmons. No excuse offered.
William E. Smith. No excuse offered.
Alexander H. Stephens. No excuse of-
fered.
Samuel F. Swope. No excuse offered.
Albert Of. Talbott. No excuse offered.
Miles Taylor, No excuse offered.
Mark Trafton. No excuse offered.
George Vail. No excuse offered.
William W. Valk, No excuse offered.
Abiiam Wakemax. No excuse offered.
Israel Washburn,
Mr*. BENSON. I move that Mr. Washburn
be excused. He came to his seat this morning
sick, but was unable to remain in the Hall.
The motion was agreed to.
Albert G. Watkins. No excuse offered.
Daniel Wells. No excuse offered.
Thomas R. Whitney. No excuse offered.
James H. Woobworth. No excuse offered.
Daniel B. Wright. No excuse offered.
John V. Wricht.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that my
colleague be excused. He left the city of Mem-
phis in season to reach here by this time, and
why he is not here I am unable to say.
The motion was not agreed to.
Felix K. Zollicoffer. No excuse offered.
The list of the absentees having been called
through,
Sir. SNEED moved to postpone all other
business for one hour, for the purpose of taking
up the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] in reference to drawing
for seats.
The SPEAKER. Pending a call of the House,
such a motioh is not in order, except by general
consent.
Mr. LETCHER. I object. Let us get through
one thing at a time.
Mr. SNEED. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is Monday.
The SPEAKER. The House is in execution
of a call of the House, and a motion to suspend
the rules is not in order until after that is dis-
posed of.
Mr. QUITMAN. I appeal to my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] to withdraw his objec-
tion. We are attempting now to inflict upon
absent members some penalty for not being in
- their seats, and I do not know of a better one
than to take their seats from them. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. If we go into that arrange-
ment shall we keep the doors locked ?
Many Members. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I have no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I will not withdraw the
objection.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms bring in the absent members.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sergeant-
at-Arms was dispatched for the absentees.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move,
while the Sergeant-at-Arms is bringing in absent
members, that we who have been here all day
have leave of absence long enough to get our
dinners.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
general consent.
- Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. JONES. Cannot a majority excuse them-
The SPEAKER. The proceedings are set
forth in the rules of the House, and the motion
is not in order if there is any objection.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn, and upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Mr. TODD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas £0, nays "73; as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Messre. Aiken, Allen, Hendley 8. Bennett,
Bowie, Branch, Broom,"Cadwalader, Caskie/HoweirCobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford,Cullen,Do«dell,
Ldmundson, English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller,,Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L, Harris, Haven, Houston. Jewett, George W.
-Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, 'Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lumpkin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Miilson, Packer, Peck,
Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quitman, Heady, Rivers, Ruffin,
! Sandidge, Savage. Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed,
Stewart, Thurston', Trippe, 'Tyson, I'nderwood, Warner,
Wheeler, Williams, and Wmsiow—60.
\A Y—Messrs. Allison. Barclay, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bitlinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Butl'inton,
Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Colfax, Comins, Co\ode, Day, Dean, DeWitt,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee. Emrie, Flagler, Giddings, Granger,
Grow. Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hodges, Hollovray, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp. Knight, Knowl-
ton, Leiter, Matteson, Kilhan Miller. Millward, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott,. Murray, Nichols, Parker, Pern", Pike,
Pnngle, Purviance, Purycar. Roberts, Sabtn, Sage, Sapp,
Seott, Spmner, Stanton," Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgton,
Todd, Wade, Walbridee, VValdron, Cadvvalader C. Wash-
bume. Ellilm B. Wastibume, Watson, Welch, Wood, and
Woodruff—*3.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll, the Sergeant-at-
Arms brought to the bar of the House the fol-
lowing members, as having been absent contrary
to the order of the House: Messrs. Smith of
Alabama, Sherman, Campbell of Kentucky,
McMullik, Cragin, Brenton, Ready, Zolli-
coffer, Robbins, Barksdale, and McCarty.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the mem-
bers brought in by the Sergeant-at-Arms be dis-
charged from custody.
Mr. SPINNER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLAGLER. 1 move to amend the mo-
tion by adding the words, "on the payment of
costs." [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have paired off with the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. McCarty.] I
have dined, and am now ready for the night's
work. [Laughter.]
Mr. Cobb^s motion, as amended, was agreed
to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on " the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holloway
and Sneed were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 63, noes 70.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KNIGHT. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Ohio
will now move to take up his resolution, I will
not make obj ection.
Mr. STANTON. I move, then, that the House
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by me this morning, in reference to draw-
ing for seats.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. SPINNER. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question immediately
before the House concerns the right of a claimant
to a seat upon this floor, and is a question of
privilege. The Chair has decided that the pro-
ceedings, pending that question, cannot be inter-
rupted by a resolution in reference to the drawing
for seats. From this decision the gentleman from
New York appeals. The gentleman from Ohio
moves to lay the appeal on the table; and the
question is," Shall the appeal lie upon the table?"
Mr. NICHOLS. I withdraw the motion to lay
the appeal upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays. Let us see bow many on the other
side of the House will vote againtft the Chart's
decision.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Woodruff,
and Harris of Alabama, tirere appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers,re-
ported—ayes 110, noes 1; no quorum.
Mr. PHELPS. As it appears that no quorum
is present, I move that the House" do now ad-
journ.
Mr. BENSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 66, nays 78; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley 8.
Beimoit, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Cadwalader, John P.
Campbell, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.Cobb,
Cox, Crawford, Cuflen, Dowdell, Edmundson, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D- Fuller, Garnett, Goode,
Greenwood, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Houston, Jewett,
George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kidwell,Lake,Letcher,
Lumpkin, McMulim, McQueen, Smith Miller, Miilson,
Packer, Peck, Phelps, Porter. Powell, Puryear, Quitman,
Ready, Rivers, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stewart, Swope, Todd, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, War-
ner, Wheeler, Williams, Wmslow, and Zollicoffer—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barclay, Henry. Bennett, Ben-
son, Billingburst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Buffiuton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cum-
back, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Emrie,
Flagler, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hodges, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,- Keisey,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Leiter, Matteson, -McCarty,
Kiilian Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Parker, Perry, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Robbins,
Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Wade,
Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wasbburne, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Watson, Welch, Wood, and Woodruff—
78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WELLS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Pelton.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared, and
brought to the bar of the House, as absentees,
Messrs. Horton of New York, Swope, King,
Mace, Wells, Marshall of Illinois, Hughston,
Lindley, and Trafton.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the gentlemen
who are at the bar of the House be excused by
paying the usual fees.
Mr. MACE. For myself I do not feel dis-
posed to pay a fee upon this occasion. [Laughter.]
1 remained here until half past three o'clock, at
which time every clever gentleman should be at
his home for the purpose of getting a good dinner.
Gentlemen stay around here; and, as a mere mat-
ter of amusement, go out occasionally and take a
horn, thereby placing themselves in a condition
that they do not know exactly what they are
driving at, and then send for peaceable and orderly
members who are taking their dinners. [Laugh-
ter.] I am willing to be discharged without the
payment of any fees whatever; but rather than
pay the two dollars, 1 would much prefer that the
gentleman who made the motion should amend it
by substituting solitary confinement. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRAFTON. I am sorry to find myself
in this unhappy position. I remained in my
seat until four o'clock, and then paired off.with
Mr. Carlile, and went home, took my dinner,
and returned. No Sergeant-at-Arms came for
me. I returned at my own option. If I had
supposed I should.be arrested, I should have
stayed at home, and not come near.the House;
ana I think it hardly fair to take advantage of a
gentleman's honest intentions, manifested as mine
were in coming directly back to my duties after
the demands of nature were satisfied, and make
me pay a fine. I hope the House will either
excuse me, or jiut me in confinement.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make an inquiry
in reference to this matter. I desire to know of
my two friends who have justnow rendered their
excuses, whether they voted to adjourn the
House before they adjourned themselves ? or
(lid they vote to keep us here who wanted to
adjourn, and then go away leaving us here?
Mrj. KING. I have only one word to say.
So far as I am concerned, I am willing to pay
the fine. I wish to say, however, that my
reasons for leaving the House were such as
would cause me to leave the House every day in
the session, should those reasons occur again.
Mr. STANTON. Perhaps I should say, in
■explanation of my motion, that I put it in the
• form I did, because the House had previously
amended a simple motion to excuse by putting
it into the shape of the one I have offered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I hope the members
will be discharged on giving their pledge to vote
hereafter for a motion to adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. LINDLEY. Am I reported as hairing
been arrested ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. LINDLEY. Well, I am:willing to pay
the fees. I voted for the adjournment, and wished
