10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
that it might be effected; but all motions for that
purpose having failedpl left the House. While
absent I was taken by the Serjeant-at-Arms, and
am perfectly willing to pay the costs, which are
his perquisites.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STAJNTON. It is time that we had de-
termined what we shall do in the matter before
us. For my part, I think there is no use in
attempting to carry on the present difficulty any
further, or to protract the deliberations of the
House in the present condition of affairs. I am
willing to agree to the adjournment, provided it
is the understanding that we shall have a vote on
the pending question to-morrow, on the meeting
of tne House,
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the motion to lay upon the tabic the
appeal from the decision of the Chair. There
was no quorum on the last vote. A quorum is
now present.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
71, noes 65.
Mr. BENSON. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Molars. Akers, Allen, Ball, Barksdale, Ilcndley
S. Dennett, Bowie, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Cadvvaladcr,
John I'. Campbell, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson It.
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullcn, Dowde.il, Edmundson,
Englt'h, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W. darns, Thomas
L. Harris, Haven, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jojh>, J.
Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kidweil, Lake, Lefher, Ltndley,
Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshal!,McMulhu, McQueen,
Smith Miller, MiUson, MiHward, Packer, Peek, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Purycar, Quitman, Ready, Rivera, Kufhn,
Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.* Smith, William
Smith, William K. Smith, Sneed. Stewart, Sworn*, Todd,
Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Warner, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Window, and Zollieofler-. 76.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barclay, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bilhnghur^t, Binghatn, Miss, isracfohaw, Bienton,
Itufiinton, Burlingame, James U. Campbell, Chaffee, K/.ra
Clark. Clawson, Coliax, Coming C'ovode, Cumlmck, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Duriee, Eriiric, Flagler, <iiddmc«.,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, Hodges,
Hotlovvayt Valentine B. Norton, Howard, Itelsey, Knapp,
Knight, knowlton, Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Ivillian
Miller, Morgan, Moinll, Mott, Muiray, Nichols, Parker,
Perry, Pike, Pringle, Purvianeo, Robbing Robert?-, Salmi,
Sa e, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thorinjjton, Wade, YValbridge, Watdron, Cad-
waluder C. Wnahburmt, Klhhu B. YVasliburuf, Watson,
Welch, Wood, and Woodruff—75.
So the House agreed to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll, *
The Sergeant-at-Arnis again appeared, and
brought to the bar of the Flouse, as absentees,
Messrs. Ball, Brooks, Keitt, and Whitney.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
above-named gentlemen be discharged from cus-
tody on payment of costs.
Hie motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRAFTON stated that he had paired off
with Air. Carlile.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Wakeman.
And then, at seven o'clock and ten rr*nutes,
p. m., the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 2, 1856.
Hon. John P. Hale, of New Hampshire, and
Hon. Asa Biggs, of North Carolina, appeared in
then* seats to-day.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. Sidney Webster, Secretary of the Pres-
ident of the United States, appeared below the
bar, and announced that he was charged by the
President of the United States with the present-
ation of his annual message.
The message was -read. It will be found in
the Aupcndix.
Mr.' FiTZPATRfCK. I beg l^ve to offer
the following order:
O <>e -cd, Thar the message and accompanymgdocuments !
t><* punted; and that ti{teoi> thousand additional copies be :
p,i;H'-d ior iho u e of the Senate. ]
Mr. ADAMS. It is well known that some of |
the accompanying: documents are much more \
important to the country than others*, the num-
bers to be printed of some should therefore be
much more numerous than of others. Ordering
indiscriminately all public documents to be
printed tn large numbers is of no benefit to the
country, but a serious detriment and inconve-
nience. I therefore suggest to the Senator so to
modify his proposition as to order the printing
of fifteen thousand extra copies of the message,
and to refer the question of printing extra num-
bers of the accompanying documents to the Com-
mittee on Printing, who can report in favor of
the printing of as many of them as may be re-
quired.
Mr. MASON. I doubt very much whether
the public money could be better expeuded than
m diffusing, as far as practicable, information
amongst the people of the country of the condi-
tion of the country. Although it may be very
probable that there are some, of these documents
of more interest than others to the great mass of
the people, I should be averse to making any
discrimination. Those which are interesting
will be printed as largely as proposed, and those
which are not interesting generally may yet be
interesting to those into whose hands they may
(all
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire whether
the motion to print extra numbers does not go,
as a matter of course, to the Committee on Print-
ing?
The PRESIDENT jprq tempore. It does not,
under the rule, as this is a communication from
the Executive Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I would suggest
to the mover to modify his icsolution, for the
i reason that there is a very large portion of the
documents that are entirely useless. It is per-
fectly well known that the matter can be reduced
by the committee, and that the portion which is
of interest and value can be printed just as soon
as it would be if the motion should pass now.
The Committee on Printing had the subject
under consideration at the last session, but owing
to the condition m which we were in reference to
the public punting, it could not be very well dis-
posed of. Last year, on an examination, we
found that at least one volume of the four might
just as well be left out: the printing of that vol-
ume was an entirely useless expenditure of
money. For instance, there are printed in the
public documents all bids made for contracts,
specifications, and things of that sort, which arc
of no value even as communicated to us, but
which under the rules adopted come necessarily
as an accompaniment to the President's message.
Any Senator, on looking over the volumes which
we printed last year, can see that at least one
volume may be saved without any detriment, for
nobody reads the bids. They are of no conse-
quence to any person. I admit the importance
of tile suggestion made by the Senator from Vir- 1
gmia, that documents of such immense import- j
ance should be sent to the country as soon as j
possible; butall contained in them of great public
interest will go through all the newspapers before !
we can possibly get them out here. But no time I
will be lost by a reference of the subject to the I
committee. * j
Mr. K1TZPATRICK. I sympathize some-
what with the gentleman from Virginia. I recol-
lect the difficulty which my colleague on the com-
mittee suggests. It grew out of the fact that the
message was sent to the Senate before the elec-
tion of a printer, and before a committee was
formed. I do not know but that the suggestion
of my honorable friend from Mississippi is an
important one, and probably it would not be
amiss to refer to the Committee on Printing the
duty of saying what these documents, which are
to go before the country as parts of its history, \
should include. Certainly that portion of the j
documents alluded to by the Senator from Maine j
is unnecessary. They are mere bids for con- j
tracts to supply articles to the Government. I \
do not know that it would delay the publication i
of the work to refer the matter to the Committee •
on Printing so far as relates to the accompanying I
documents. I am utterly averse, however, to j
excluding anything which is connected with the I
history of the country, or which is to form a 1
portion of that history. The matters to which j
the gentleman from Maine alludes are certainly I
not important as connected with the historvof!1
the Government. I have not looked into these
documents, but I take it for granted they are the
usual documents. Whether the same documents
will be found in this message as in that of last
year, I do not know, and no gentleman of the
Senate knows. Perhaps it would be proper to
refer the motion to print extra numbers of the
accompanying documents to the Committee on
Prmtiug. As a member of that committee, I
should propose to include in the work everything
connected with the history of the country, or of
the least interest to it.
Mr. ADAMS. My suggestion was that the
resolution be so modified as simply to print the
number proposed by the Senator from AlaSama,
of the message and the usual number of the ac-
companying documents, and that the proposition
to print extra numbers of the accompanying doc-
uments be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I so understood the
gentleman.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have some ob-
jections "to the message which are wide of the
details that have been suggested by the Senators
who have addressed the Chair*, and I do not know
that I can find a better opportunity to submit
them to the Senate than the present.
The message strikes me as a very extraordinary
and unprecedented one. I have no doubt that the
President of the United States, in common with
every citizen of the United States, has the right to
come before the Senate whenever he has anything
which he thinks his duty or his interests require
him to present; but he must come as every other
citizen does, by petition or memorial, unless lie
gets his authority under the third section of the
second article oftheConstitution,which provides,
that
" He shall from time to time give to the Congress inform-
ation of tiie state of the Union, and recommend to their
consideration such measures as he shall judge necessity
and expedient."
All the power and privilege which the President
of the United States has to address communica-
tions to this body, beyond every other citizen of
the United States, must accrue to him, it'he have
it, from that provision of the Constitution; and
he has no right to abuse the privilege which the
Constitution gives to him to make such commu-
nication to the Senate for the purpose of arraign-
ing any one portion of the citizens of the Union,
and parading before the country, by virtue of his
constitutional prerogative, charges to which they
are not disposed to submit, and which, for one,
I am not willing shall go to the country unchal-
lenged.
I look on the message of the President as a
most unfortunate one. I have no desire to say
anything which shall be construed into a want of
courtesy, kindness, or respect for him. I mean
all due courtesy, kindness, and respect. His
situation is certainly such as to appeal to the
magnanimity rather than provoke the hostility of
his opponents. If he had been content to sub-
mit to it, and go out, as it seemed to be the wish
of his friends and foes that he should, without
attempting to make such a charge as this against
his political opponents, I should certainly hd\e
been content.
But, sir, this message of the President is an
arraignment of a vast majority of the people of
eleven States of this Union of want of fidelity to
their constitutional obligations, and of hostility
to the Union and Constitution of these States I
deny it totally. More than that; the President
of the United States, by virtue of the privilege
conferred on liini by the Constitution, charges
upon the majority of the people of these Stairs,
in the exercise of their constitutional prerogative
of voting for whom they please, the hisrh offense
of endeavoring to "usurp"—this is"his very
language—" the control of the Government of the
United States." "Usurp," if lexicographers
understand the meaning of the word, is " to seize
by force without right." X have observed in the
history of the past few months no attempt in anv
section of the country, last and least of all m
that section which the President arraigns, to
seize upon power in this Government except by
the regular constitutional discharge of the people's
obligations and duties as citizens going to the
polls in the exercise of their elective franchise.
Again, sir, I have not heard from a single citizen of
8 btates an intimation, that if they should fail
