1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
in the canvass upon which they had entered and
in which they were striving to secure a majority
in the councils of this Government, they were to
do anything else but submit quietly and peace-
ably to the constitutionally expressed will of a
majority.
Then, I ask, by what right, mora!, legal, or
political, does the President of the United States
come here, in the exercise of the prerogative
conferred on him as the chief executive magis-
trate of this country, and arraign a majority of
the citizens of our native State—his and mine—
of a purpose to usurp, to seize by force without
riirht, the possession of this Government? I am
not willing:, by any act or vote of mine, to let
such a declaration as that pass with my sanction
as a member of this body.
A^ain, sir, under this grant of the Constitution
by which he may from time to time give to Con-
gress informal ion of the state of the Union, and
recommend to their consideration such measures
as he may judge expedient, he undertakes to set
' himself up as an arbiter, and to pronounce fx
cathedra upon what were the issues involved in
the last presidential election, and to tell what the
people have decided. I will tell him, to begin
with, that there was one thing which they de-
cided before they went into the contest, and that
was, let who would be chosen, they would not
have a second edition of him. That was a fore-
gone conclusion before they went to the polls.
He says:
"They have asserted the constitutional equality of each
and all of the States of the Union as States."
When the President says that the people of the
United States have thus decided, if there is any
meaning in his declaration it implies that there
was a party arrajred against the majority who
have expressed this opinion, whoN were opposed
to the equality of the States of this Union. He
says:
" They have affirmed the constitutional equality of each
and all of the citizens of the United States as citizens,
whatever their religion, wherever their birth, or their resi-
dence ; they have maintained the inviolability of the consti-
tutional rights of the different sections of the Union; and
they have proclaimed their devoted and unalterable attach-
ment to the Union and to the Constitution."
How have they done it, sir? The declaration
of the President is without meaning—it is without
sense, unless he intends to imply that the party
against whom this majority have thus pronounced
their decision, were actuated by different senti-
ments, and that they did not entertain a devoted
and unalterable attachment to the Union and to
the Constitution. When the President does this,
and arraigns a majority of the people of eleven
States of this Union, and a very large majority
too, as entertaining these views, ana congratu-
lates the country upon the issue which has been
thus -pfronouneed—I m$y be mistaken—but, in
my humble judgment, he usurps what he has no
rig;ht to do, by passing judgment upon his fellow-
citizens who happen, by the result of this elec-
tion, to be left in the minority.
There are some other portions of this message
which are rather peculiar. The President says:
" I confidently believe that the great body of those who
inconsiderately took this fatal step are sincerely attached
to the Constitution and the Union. They would, upon de-
liberation, shrink with unaffectod horror from any conscious
act of disunion or civil war. But they have entered into a
path which leads nowhere unless it be to civil war and
disunion, and which has no other possible outlet."
These are very high charges, indeed. It is
possible they may be true. But I contend that
the President has no right, coming here sustain-
ing the relations which he does to us in the exer-
cise of this constitutional prerogative, to under-
take, under pretense of giving to us information
of the state of the Union, to pronounce judgment
of treason against a majority of the people of
eleven States of the thirty-one which compose
this Union. He says:
" In the progress of events we had reached that consum-
mation which the voice of the people has now so pointedly
rebuked, of the attempt of a portion of the States, by a sec-
tional organization and movement, to usurp the control,"
&c.
♦ What does " sectional"mean? Was the vote
that was given to Mr. Buchanan any less sec?
tional ? * Did it not include entirely, with the soli-
tary exception of the State of Maryland, every
State of this Union whom the President would
except from this sectional organization ? Did not
every southern State, with the single exception
of the btate of Maryland^go in a solid bod y for
one candidate? By what right, then, does the
President come here and claim that those who
went contrary in the North were sectional in view
of this fact, which hefaiisto rebuke ? Sir, if that
be the criterion, the North were not so sectional
as the South; for while every southern State but
one went for one candidate, four or five of the
free States did not go for the northern cand'date.
If sectionalism is to be tried by that standard, the
South, and not the North, is the section of coun-
try which went into the late contest with a sec-
tional organization.
Again, sir, I know the President is a lawyer,
and a very respectable lawyer—at least he used
to be in our country; but he tells us, in this mes-
sage, quite a number of times, (and it is the first
occasion when I ever heard it pronounccd author-
itatively,) that a provision prohibiting slavery in
the Territories is unconstitutional. It is repeated
I do not know how many times, that it is uncon-
stitutional for the Congress of the United States
to impose any restriction oil the Territories in
relation to their domestic institutions. I do not
mean to argue that question at this time; I do not
mean to be drawn into it; I am prepared whenever
a fitting occasion comes; but I mean to say this:
if it be unconstitutional, it is not within that class
of cases which have been so pronounced by judi-
cial authority upon which anybody -an base him-
self,and pronounce that it is adecided question.
If I am not mistaken—I have not read the reports
for the purpose of looking to this matter now—
the Supreme Court of the United States, whom
the President invokes, have decided exactly the
other way in relation to the Territories, and have
decided that it is within the constitutional powers
of Congress t® impose such a restriction upon
Territories. When the President undertakes to
represent the prohibition of slavery as a provis-
ion which Congress has not a right to make, in
reference to " the present or future inchoate
States," if he means by that phraseology to in-
clude a present Territory, he misstates. Such
are not the opinions —such are not the decisions,
as I understand them, of the Supreme Court of
the United States. Yet the President here under-
takes ex cathedra to tell us, in substance—for if
it means anything, it means what I have said—
that, " in a long series of decisions, on the fullest
argument, and after the most deliberate consider-
ation, the Supreme Court of the United States
had finally determined this point in every form
under which the Question could arise, whether
as affecting public or private rights."
Now, if the President means by this, simply,
that Congress have no right to interfere with the
domestic institutions of any State, I think he will
have great difficulty in finding an adversary. I
confess that, in my life and travels amongst all
the people with whom I have ever come in con-
tact—the most radical and the most ultra on all
sides of all questions—I have never yet met the
first man or woman who maintained that Congress
had a right to interfere with slavery in any State
in this Union.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 saw it in the " Radical
Abolitionist."
Mr. HALE. I do not know 
Mr. EVANS. I saw it in that paper.
Mr. HALE. Two southern gentlemen who
sit near me say they have seen it. Then it is a
southern doctrine, not a northern one. I have
not seen it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me to interrupt him for a moment, I will tell him
that I receive nearly every month regularly, from
some northern State—I do not know exactly
where—a work called the Radical Abolitionist.
Mr..EVANS. It is printed in New York.
• Mr. BENJAMIN. It is printed in some part
of the State of New York. I received one last
week myself, taking the express ground that it is
the duty of Congress to abolish slavery in the
States.
Mr. HALE. I shall not deny that. I can
only repeat what I have said. But let me say
this; concede, for the sake of the argument, (as I
am wiping to concede everything that is true,)
that there are some men in the North and some
women who do entertain that doctrine. I have
read, coming from a more responsible source than ' j
the Radical Abolitionist, a paper in the South,
that slavery was the corner-stone of republican i j
institutions ordained of God, and sanctified of J
Christ; but I should never think of charging that
on the people of the southern States as the ex-
pression of their opinion; I should never think
of charging it upon any puny in that section, as
the expression of their sentiments, especially if
they repudiated it. 1 do not undertake to say
that there have not been the most extravagant
propositions advanced. I know there li.ive been
very extravagant propositions maintained i.i this
world. I know that it has been muinni.iiid by
some sect of philosophers that there is no such
thing as a world; thatit is a fallacy; that, instead
of being flesh and blood, we are only ideas of
greater or loss size, and that there is no such
thing as anything solid in the world. But prac-
tically I repeat the assertion, and I shall be
borne out by every man who is cognizant of the
state of public opinion in any northern State, that
practically there is nobody there who contends
tiiat Congress has the power to abolish slavery
in the States. There may be a few individuals
making that paper their organ. I think it will
be found that that paper is not an old one, for I
have never seen it, though I have heard of it. It
cannot have had more than a dozen issues.
Mr. GEYER. It is in its second year.
Mr. HALE. How often is it printed ?
Mr. GEYER. Once a month.
Mr. HALE. Then, perhaps, thirteen or four-
teen copies of it have been published. Whether
that be so or not, it is nothing at all to the argu-
ment as a justification of the President in charg-
ing the organization which went into this cam-
paign forthe purpose of electing Colonel Fremont,
with Entertaining these views. Sir, there is one
thing to which all of us have a right in this coun-
try. We have a right to have our views re-
spected. We have a right to have accorded to
us—I speak now in behalf of our sentiments—at
least patriotic motives. This right is so far rec-
ognized in this body that it is contrary to the
rules of the Senate to assign to any member
other than upright and patriotic motives. If it
be a violation of the rules of this deliberative
assembly, a violation of taste and of good order,
for one member to get up and charge another
member on this floor with improper motives, it
certainly cannot be less objectionable, in a moral
point of view, for the President of the United
States to arraign whole sections, and set them all
down as guilty of entertaining these atrocious
motives.
It is for these reasons that I desired to express
my dissent against any vote which is to pay any
peculiar compliment to this message of the Pres-
ident of the United States. I think there is one
thing, however, in which the country will all
agree; namely, that it is matter of congratulation
that it is the last one. Upon that consideration,
and so far as anything may be proposed with
that view, I should be willing to go as far as
anybody. But, sir, I am not willing—and I con-
fess that I have felt constrained" to take this posi-
tion with some reluctance—to sit here, and hear
myself, hear my State, hear the great mass of
the free States that have spoken by such major-
ities as States are not in the habit of speaking
by, dealt with in this manner by the President
of the United States. Sir, I can tell the Pres-
ident, and I can tell you, that these people will
not feel very highly complimented by the Pres-
ident giving them the credit of good intentions—
honest, well-meaning, but vastly mistaken. It
is for him, in his superior wisdom, from his ele-
vated position, to deal out this reproof to the
people, and then to mollify and modify it, coming
from such a height, by telling them that, after
all, they may have acted from good motives, but
from mistaken policy.
Mr. BROWN. I have no intention, sir, to
reply to the Senator from New Hampshire; but
in regard to the position which he takes, that
there is no one at the North who advocates the
policy of attacking slavery in the States, I desire
to see whether we understand each other alike.
Last year, I received from.a gentleman in New
York, whose name, I think, is Lysander Spooner,
quite a volume, making an elaborate argument to
prove that this body and the other House of
Congress had the right to abolish slavery in the
States, and do it constitutionally. That volume,
I dare say, was sent to other {senators, h waa
sent to me with a note from the author requesting
me to review my constitutional opinions on that
