1:8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
•subject, to read his book, and see whether I.
■would not come to the same conclusions which
he entertained. I understand him to be a leading
spirit of this northern party which is making
war upon slavery.
Then 1 recollect to have noticed in the New
York Tribune, a leading Republican paper,
during the last canvass, an appeal to the Garrison
and Gerrit Smith school of northern politicians,
a most earnest appeal to abandon their position
and come over to the Fremont party, accom-
panied by the declaration, that when the proper
time came there would be no division of senti-
ment among northern people as to the war
which they should make upon slavery in the
States. I say that the Tribune published such
an articlc during the last canvass; 1 do not now
recollect the precise date of it; not anticipating
this debate I have not the article with me.
I recollect, too, that the distinguished Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] before a north-
ern audience, uttered this declaration—if I fail to
quote his precise language he will correct me:
''Slavery," said he, addressing that audience,
" can and will be abolished, and you and I can
and will do it." What did he mean by that
language if he did not contemplate an attack on
slavery m the States? The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] has, in public speeches,
uttered language quite as pointed. It either
meant nothing, or it meant to attack slavery in
the States whenever tins party should be strong
enough to attack it successfully.
These are bold declarations, and come from
high quarters. They arc not the declarations of
an obscure editor; thoy are not the declarations
of Gerrit Smith or William Lloyd Garrison,
whom we have been taught to regard as fanatical;
but they are the declarations of Senators occupy-
ing a high position here, an imposing position
before the country, a most leading position m the
late political canvass—the friends of John C.
Fremont. I ask the Senator from New Ilanip-
shne if he docs not himself know that these
declarations have been made? 1 ask the Senators
from New York and Massachusetts if thoy have
not made declarations like these5 Mark you, I
do not say that they mean a contemplated attack
on slavery in the States; but that they mean to
overthrow it everywhere " throughout all God's
heritage," (to use the language of the Senator
from Massachusetts,) whenever they shall have
the power to do so. Unless the South be a part
of the world outside of God's heritage, when
this general language is employed, I ask if it does
not apply to the southern States of the Union?
Gentlemen declare that they are for making war
on slavery upon every foot of God's heritage,
and overthrowing it everywhere. Do they not in
that broad declaration include the southern States?
If I am right in this, the President of the United
States, in his declaration quoted by the Senator
from New .Hampshire, has not exceeded his au-
thority. It is a pai t of " the state of the Union"
to give warning of this contemplated attack on
the property, on the peace, and domestic quiet
of lit'ieen Suites of the Union. With these tacts
before him, he would have been grossly derelict .
to his duties to the Constitution and the people
of this country if he had failed to raise his warn-
ing voice. hfniy judgment he lias not in this j
exceeded his authonty by the one tenth part of I
a hair's breadth. He has but fulfilled his duty;
and for it I return him not only the giateful
thanks of a Senator, but the still more grateful
thanks of an American citizen.
Air. HALE. f do not wish to be misunder-
stood in the issue I made. The remark which I
made, and which I think is literally true, is that
in my travels i had never met an individual who
advocated the doctrine that Congress had the
power to abolish slavery m the States.
Mr. BROWN. I do notspeaft now of a ques- j
tion of power, but I speak of what certain gen- j
tlemen of the North contemplate in the future. ]
Tliey do contemplate an attack in one mode or j
another on slavery m the States. j
Mr. HALE. I think the very first anti- '
slavery organization which evefr met in this j
Union taking a national form—the old anti- i
slavery society in which Mr. Garrison and some |
others figured—expressly repudiated that idea in )
one of their resolutions. I have not got them j
before me.
Mr. RUSK. Do they do so now?
Mr. HALE. I think they do, sir; and I was
going to say that I had heard one of the most
prominent anti-slavery men, who has been known
as such for years, in the State of Pennsylvania,
addressing an assembly during the late canvass,
in speaking to this matter, use these words—I
thought they were very marked at the time—
u Earnestly as I desire the abolition of slavery,"
said he, " I do not want Congress to interfere; I
do not believe the power is in the Constitution;
and if it were given me by God to put it in, I
would not do it. I would rather have slavery-
abolished by the operation of moral influences."
That is what I believe to be the sentiment of the
North.
But the issue,which I make with the President
is entirely wide of that question, whether there
be here or there a few individuals who desire any
such thing. Pie arraigns the whole party; he
arraigns the State of New York, with her eighty
thousand majority; he arraigns our native State—
his own town in which he lived; he arraigns the
six New England States; he arraigns the State
of Michigan, the State of Ohio, and all those
States that have, by a majority, at this last elec-
tion, expressed a preference for the selection of a
man diflerentfrom the one elected. He arraigns
them all as guilty of the charges to which I have
referred; and it is entfrely wide of the mark to
argue whether there may have been here or there
an extravagant person who may have uttered a
contrary sentiment.
Now, in regard to the remark made by the
Senator from Mississippi, 1 think it will be found,
when the declarations to which he refers are
canvassed—those, who are here can speak for
themselves; I have nothing to say for them; I
know 1 have never heard any such declarations
myself—that they looked to the influence of
moral, humane, and philanthropic- principles
upon the hearts of those who own' slaves, rather
than upon uny insuneetionaiy foiee amongst the
slaves themselves. I believe that every such
expression as that referred to by the Senatorfrom
Mississippi will be found, in its connection, to
have that meaning.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I have the
greatest respect and kindness for the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] and if
any member of this body could draw mo aside
from my customary course here by an appeal, it
would bu that honorable Viator, whom I am
happy to recognize always as a friend, however
he may regard me. To what speech of mine the
honorable Senator refers I do not precisely know.
I suppose he refers to a speech which I made in the
year 18-18, at Cleveland, in the State of Ohio, m
support of Zachary Taylor, a slaveholder of Lou-
isiana, for the office of President of the United
States. I shall not go backwaid to that time or
to that occasion. I shall not recall that speech
here; nor shall I explain it; nor shall I defend it;
nor shall I say one word further about it, except
to declare that what 1 have to say on the subject
of slavery, or any other subject, is not said in a
corner, but it is said in public places; and that
speech, and every other one which I have ever
made on that subject, or any kindred subject, or
any other public question, so far as depended on
me, has been gathered, collected, and will be found
in the library of the Congress of the United States,
in thiec volumes octavo, published by Redfield,
of the city of New York. [Laughter.] The ,
honorable Senator will find there exactly the head !
and front of my offending in that particular 1
speech.
Mr. President, I said I would not be drawn to
depart from my ordinary course. Last year the
same President of the United States who is now
the incumbent, sent to us a message which re-
flected censoriously on the people of the State to
which I belonged, and the people of the State to
wlucli he belonged, and on the people of many
others of the States of this Union. But in that !
messagethere was weighty matter concerning!
our foreign relations, concerning our financial
aftairs, and concerning our Army and our Navy.
Speaking for_ myself, I mean here always not to
discuss political or partisan questions with the
Senators of the United States around me, but to
consult and to decide with them upon grave ques-
tions of administration. Disinclined last year,
in any way whatever, to advert to the senti-
ments which the President expressed.m that
message, I thought so unjustly, I let them pass
by until a time should come, if it must come,
when the President's political opinions expressed
jn that message bore upon a question of actual
legislation before Congress. So, sir, for my part,
I should have been content, and was desirous
that there should be no debate here now, on the
questions which the President has, as I must
think, unnecessarily raised in the message before
USThe President, I think, has departed from a
customary course which was well established by
his predecessors; that was to confine the annual
message of the Executive to legitimate matters
of legislation which must necessarily occupy the
attention of Congress, and leave partisan dis-
putes, occurring among the people, to the con-
sideration and reflection of the people themselves.
This President of the United States was the first
one, I think, to depart from that course in his
Inaugural Address, and, if I remember aright, hfi
continued this departure in his first message and.
second meaaage. Pie has been uncorrected, or
rather unreformed in his erroneous course; he
goes through to the end in the same course. I
am willing, for m.y own part, that he, like all the
rest of us, shall have his speech—shall assign his
reasons and his vindication for his policy. I do
not question his right; I do not dispute it. What-
ever I have thought necessary to submit to any
portion of my countrymen in regard to the can-
vass which is past, has been submitted in thft
right time, in the right place, and I trust in the
right spirit. I am willing to allow the President
of the United States the same opportunity which
you and I and all others have enjoyed.
Now, when he has closed with a final reply
the political debates which began very soon after
he came into office, I am willing that he shall
retire from his high trust, and go before the people
and posterity with his own vindication. For
myself, forgetting what is past, and pressing on-
ward to what is future, commending the Presi-
dent for whatever he has said that is patriotic,
and raising no further question about what he
has said that seems to me otherwise, and least of
all expressing or manifesting the least sensibility
for the people of the State that I represent under
the censures which he has cast upon them for
their conduct in the exercise of their constitu-
tional suffrage, I am willing to let the questions
which he has raised remain in abeyance forever,
so far as my action in these Halls is concerned,
unless I am necessarily brought to the discussion
of them by some legislative act or measure here-
after to be introduced here; and so far as the
country is concerned until the year 1860, when I
apprehend the same great questions which have
been passed upon now and .imperfectly settled,
will require at the hands of the President or his
successor, or of those who shall then represent
his opinions and principles, a vindication far
more seasonable, somewhat better tempered, and
far more conclusive than that which he has given
in h.s message.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the constant
and obstinate agitation of questions connected
with the institution of slavery has brought, I
am satisfied, the public mind, in those States
where the institution prevails, to the conviction
that the preservation of that institution rests with
themselves and with themselves only. There-
fore, at this day, when it is the pleasure of Sen-
ators again to bring that institution under review
upon this floor, in any connection whatever, as
one of the representatives of the South I take
no further interest in the discussion, or in the
opinion which is entertained at the North in rc-
lation to it, than as it may coufirm the hope that
there is a public sentiment at the North yet re-
maining which unites with the South in the desire
to perpetuate the Union and that, by the aid of
that public sentiment at the North, the Union
will be preserved. But further than that, as a
statesman, and as one representing a southern
State where that institution prevails more largely
than in any other, the public sentiment of the
North is a matter indifferent to me, because, I
say again, we have attained the conviction that
the safety of that institution will rest, must rest,
and should rest, with the people of the States
only where it prevails.
I should have taken no part in this debate* but
