1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
French,consolidated in his poweras lie supposes ii
himself to be, should undertake to make war, '■
deliberate and calculating war, as you have un-
d^rtakeu to make upon us, on the peace and prop-
erty of the poorest province which belongs to his
crown, he would cause a revolution throughout
all France and its dependencies in less than a'1
quarter of a year. Whv, sir, not even the savage ■
tribes permit things like these. The Choctaw ■;
Government never allowed one part of its people
to make war upon the property and peace of the tl
other part. I undertake to say that there is no
Government, inside of Christendom or outside of '
it, where a deliberate proposition has been enter- !•
tained that one half the people, or one half the i'
political power, should make war upon the other
half. The world is indebted for an example of
this sort to the late canvass in favor of John C.
Fremont and Black Republicanism.
The Senator from Massachusetts said that,
during the late canvass, the whole South was
blackened with the dark banner of disunion. Did
the Senator visit the South? No. Butifhehad,
he would hare found the whole southern people
resolved to stand by the Union and the Consti- i
tution as long as the two could be maintained •
on the principles upon which they were based in
the beginning of the Government; but he would i
have found the whole southern people equally j
united upon this great idea—tjiat when you of j
the North, being stronger than we, organize, and
take possession of the Government upon a posi-
tion of hostility to our property and to our peace,
then, by all the gods that reign, there shall be an
end of the Government. Sir, the spirit of the
southern people, though long-forbearing and
patient under cant, will never—never submit to
aggression and outrage like that. If I believed
that the northern people, under like circum-
stances, were capable of submission, I should
despise them from the very bottom of my soul.
They are entitled to, and, so far as those whom I
representare concerned, they will always receive,
their full share of justice under the Constitution.
If any southern man, or any portion of the south-
ern people, shall ever propose, in the slightest
possible degree, to interfere with the domestic
peace or the domestic property of the northern
people, I guaranty that all those whom I repre-
sent, in sentiment or otherwise, will rise as one
man, and rebuke the attempt.
The South never has attempted—the South
never will attempt, in any manner, shape, or
form, to interfere with the domestic property or
peace" of the northern people; and if any hair-
brained simpleton shall put forth such a proposi-
tion, the whole united southern people will rise
up and repudiate him. All we ask is a like sup-
portfrom the .North. Letusaloneinourdomestic
institutions; let us alone in our domestic peace
and quietude; invade, fey no act of yours the
security of our firesidefpantl we shall go on in
that path which we have trodden from the
foundation of the Government, through all time
to come, hand to hand, shoulder to shoulder, in
mutual support and mutual defense against ag-
gression, from whatever quarter it may come.
But the Senator from Massachusetts says, and
he challenges denial, that in the late canvass in
several parts of the Union banners were floated
with " Buchanan, Breckinridge, and free Kan-
sas," displayed at the masthead. I know not
what banners may have been reared, nor by what
. hands; but I undertake to say, that if any ban-
ner was displayed throughout the whole length
and breadth of this Confederacy, from the Aroos-
o e ^ or from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, with such an inscription, it found no
response in the heartof the American Democracy
1 hat mere neighborhood politicians should have
put up such a banner is barely possible. Mark
you, I say, " barely possible." Itismuch more
likely tliey were put up by men in disguise—men
like the fellow in Kentucky, of whom a personal
friend of mine in the other House told an anec-
dote. Being of low degree and of bad habits him-
self, he courted a most excellent girl. She was
neither pretty nor rich; and; being a dashing
blade, he was asked by a friend why he courted
this lady. His friend said to him, " She has no
money, and is not pretty, you certainly do not.
niean to marry her?" He replied, "I will marry'1
her, but not for love, and not for money, but just
to disgrace her family." [Laugkter.J I'hat
banners of this sort may have been put up by
the enemy, to disgrace the Democratic family, is
possible; but that they were put up by any man
who has a true genuine Democratic Buchanan
and Breckinridge spirit in his heart, is not pos-
sible. It may have been done by men who voted
the ticket, but they were men who belonged
rather to the school of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts than that to which you, Mr. President,
and I belong.
I beg pardon for having trespassed so long on
the attention of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if I sup-
posed that this message was aimed simply at a
few Abolitionists m the North, who wish,asitis
said, to interfere with the existing institution of
slavery, I certainly should not give it any of my
attention. Not only the President, but Senators
here, may abuse the Abolitionists as roundly as
they please, and they will never find me defend-
ing them on any occasion. But this document,
emanating from the Chief Magistrate .of the
nation, here on the first days of the session, has
thrust upon us the slavery question, the agitation
of which the Senator from Virginia seems to
deprecate. He speaks "of Senators agitating this
question. Could he expect otherwise than that
Senators would agitate the question which the
President of the United States makes the promi-
nent and leading question of his messageJ Did
he expect that we should sit still here when a
message was read professing to give a historical
account of the recent canvass and the recent
election, which misrepresented them totally? I
shall not go into an argument to prove here that
the great party which has sw.ept the North, and 1
say has swept the States which the gentleman has
designated as having sustained Mr. Buchanan,
entertain uo views hostile to the Union or the
Constitution, or that they do not wish to inter-
fere with slavery in any of the States of this
Union, They adopted a platform; they in-
scribed upon it their principles; they published
it to the world, and every man can read it. A
part of that platform is that the rights of the
States, the union of the States, and the Constitu-
tion of the country, must and shall be preserved.
That is our creed. Will you tell us that we want
to interfere with the rights of the States? You
impute to us that which we have solemnly de-
clared we are opposed to.
I think it is just such remarks as those to which
we have now listened from the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, that are alienating one section of this
Union from the other. He is arguing here to
show that the northern sentiment wishes to in-
terfere with the institutions of the South. Does
the Senator desire that state of things? Why
does he seek to fasten on us sentiments and opin-
ions which we disclaim and disavow ? He asks
why we did not disavow this at the time in the
North? We did it at the outset; we did it
everywhere, and on all occasions.
But, sir, this message—and I shall not now
take time to discuss its various positions—con-
tains the most unwarranted assumptions as to
fact, and it states conclusions of law not sus-
tained by the authorities. The President of the
United States undertakes to say that the Mis-
souri compromise, the act of 1820, under-which
Missouri came into the Union, was obsolete and
was unconstitutional. Where did he get the
authority for saying so ? The Supreme Court of
theUnited States has said,in so many words, that
in regard to the Territories of the United States
Congress possesses all the powers both of the
Federal and State Governments as to a State
That is the language of the Supreme Court of the
United States. Is it denied by anybody that the
Federal and State Governments together have
authority to keep slavery out of a State ?
Mr. CASS. I should like to hear that decis-
ion read. I never saw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in the first volume
of Peters's Reports. I desire the pages to bring
it to me from the library. Never has it been"
said by the Supreme Court—no such decision
can be found—that Congress had not authority
to exclude slavery from the Territories..* I have
now the book for which I sent. I do not know,
however, that I shall be able to turn to the decis-
ion at once. I ask my friend from Connecticut
[Mr. Foster] to oblige me by looking for it.
When it m found I shall furnish it to th« Senator
from Michigan, and shall be very glad to have
him read it and ponder on it; I hope it will con-
vince him.
Much of the President's message is taken up
with a discussion as to the equality of the States
and the rights of the States. The Senator from
New Hampshire has well exposed this portion
of the message in commenting on that part of it
which professes to set forth what was settled by
the recent election. The President says:
" The people of the United States have asserted the con-
stitutional equality of each and all of the States of the
Union as States."
Did anybody dispute it? The message pro-
ceeds to say:
" They have affirmed the constitutional equality of each
and all of the citizens of the United States as citizens"—
who ever disputed it? Was any such ques-
tion in issue before the American people ?
—" whatever their religion, wherever their birth, or their
residence; they have maintained the inviolability of the
constitutional rights of the different sections of the Union
—who proposed to interfere with them ?
and they have proclaimed their devoted and unalter-
able attachment to the Union and to the Constitution"—
I trust they have—
c! as objects of interest superior to all subjects of local or
sectional controversy, as the safeguard of the rights of all,
as the spuit and the essence of the liberty, peace, and
greatness of the Republic."
The President makes the same charge here,
which is reiterated in the Senate, that
" Under the shelter of tins great liberty, and protected by
the laws and usages of the Government they assailed, asso
ciations have been formed in some of the States of indi-
viduals who, pretending to seek only to prevent the spread
of the institution of slavery into the present or future
inchoate States of the Union, are really inflamed with
desire to change the domestic institutions of existing
States."
How did he find that out? Where is the
evidence of it? Sir, I assert that, so far as 1
know, there is no foundation for the accusation.
It is untrue.
My friend from Connecticut has' found the
decision to which 1 made allusion. In the case
of the American Insurance Company and others
vs. Canter, 1st Peters, p. 546, the opinion of the
Supreme Court was pronounced by Mr. Chief
Justice Marshall. In that opinion is this sentence
in regard to the Territories: " In legislating for
them, Congress exercises the combined powers
of the General and of a State Government " I
commend it and the whole case to the careful
examination of my distinguished friend from
Michigan.
Mr. CASS The honorable Senator will per-
ceive that it asserts no power. It does not say
how the Constitution limits their action.
Mr. TRUMBULL It does not assert any
power further than this: it says expressly that, as
to a Territory, Congress exercises the combined
powers of the General and of a State Govern-
ment. if Congress has the combined powers of
the General Government and of a State govern-
ment, in regard to a Territory, I ask if it has not
power sufficient to keep slavery out of a Terri-
tory ?
Mr. CASS. No; unless the Constitution gives
it. The power that is exercised must be a power
within the Constitution, or there is no authority
for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us follow that up.
There is no such escape for the distinguished
Senator. There is no quibbling in this opinion
about " under the Constitution." The declara-
tion is broad and unqualified, that in regard to a
Territory Congress exercises all the powers both
of the General and of a State Government. Now,
the Senator tells me that even that being so, you
cannot under the Constitution prevent slavery.
Will he deny the right of the State of Michigan
to keep slavery out of her limits ? According to
the decision of CEief Justice Marshall, all the
power which the State of Michigan has ip regard
to its own citizens is possessed by Congress in
regard to the Territories of the United State?;
and if the State of Michigan can exclude sla-
very from its borders, then, if the Supreme
Court of the United States be any authority,
Congress can exclude it from one of the national
Territories, because it possesses in a Territory
all the power which a State possesses oyer its
inhabitants, and possesses also the power which
