THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1856.
New Series....No. 2.
lican candidate was Mr. Miller, who was elected i
by more than twenty-one thousand majority.
Here, where there were but two candidates run- ;
iting, you see what was the'public sentiment of .
that State on this issue. Although its electoral j
vote is cast for Mr. Buchanan, it is cast by a large j
minority of the voters of the State. Soitisonthe j
congressional ticket; a majority of thousands is 1
given for the Republican candidates. Iprotestthat j
the State of Illinois never has indorsed and never j
will indorse the spread of slavery over free Ter- 1
ritories. The only difficulty which we had was j
In getting the people to decide upon that issue, j
The trouble was that we could not bring up the >
opposite party to the advocacy of those doctrines j
which are proclaimed here in the Senate. If we 1
had been able to do so, and could we iiave had
the benefit in the State of Illinois during the can-
vass of the specch whicli the Senator from Vir-
ginia has delivered here to-day, I think that even
the electoral vote of Illinois (jfchough so cast now
by a minority of its voters) would not have been
cast for Mr. Buchanan.
I shall take another time, when I have had a
further opportunity to examine this message of
the President, to comment further upon it. On
the present occasion I will not longer detain the
Senate. My object in rising was chiefly to pro-
test against "the baseless assumptions" in this
message, and the (as I think) unwarranted as-
sumptions made by Senators here when they un-
dertake to attribute to the great Republican party,
which sustained Colonel Fremont, any hostil-
ity to the rights of any of the States of this
Union, or to the institution of slavery in any of
the States.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 2, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal ofyesterday was read and approved.
^ The SPEAKER. The first question in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Grow,] that the vote whereby the
House decided that the oath of office should not
be administered to the Delegate elect from the
Territory of Kansas be reconsidered, and that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Pending that question, however, is the question
of an appeal from the decision of the Chair. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] had offered
a resolution relating to the drawing of seats by
members, while the other question was still under
consideration. The Chaii decided that the reso-
lution was^jiot in order, and from that decision
an appeal was taken by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Spinner.]
Mr. SPINNER. The occasion having gone
by, I withdraw the appeal.
THE DELEGATE FROM KANSAS.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the indulgence
of the House while I make a suggestion which I
intend to couple with a proposition. I know that
no debate is m order at this time while the mo-
tion to lay on the table is pending, but I will
detain the House only for a moment. I wish to
avoid a recurrence of the scenes of yesterday I
apprehend that it is the desire of the House, on
both sides, that there shall be the vote of a full
House on the question pending before us—a de-
cisive vote which may dispose of the question
for the balance of the session. I do not myself
regard the vote on the pending proposition as
such a decisive vote; but there otjght to be one,
and then the question ought to be laid aside for
the balance of the session, it is the desire, as I
said, that there should be a vote of a full House
on the question, if such can be had. I therefore
propose that, with the general consent of the
House, and with the understanding on the part
of the House, on both sides, that there shall be
a vote—a decisive vote—on this question taken
at the time which I propose to indicate, the
further consideration of this subject be postponed
till next Monday, at which time this vote shall
be taken without regard to absenteeism or any-
thing else. I would even name the hour of taking
the vote. I would thus have ample notice given.
Every member of the House can be here at that
time, or can provide for his absence. I there-
fore propose that at one o'clock on Monday
next a vote shall be taken, and this question dis-
posed of. I am confident that it is the desire on
this side of the House and on the other side of
the House that there should be a vote of a full
House. This is right and proper. For that
reason I make the motion now to postpone the
further consideration of this subject till Monday
next, at one o'clock, with the understanding—if
the House will concur in it—that the vote is to
be taken at that time and the question disposed
of then without the interposition of any delay
whatsoever.
Mr. GROW. This business, Mr. Speaker,
came up in regular order before the House. It
was presented by the Delegate himself, or by his
friends. We have had a vote upon it in the
usual course of proceedings. If members are not
here to-day to attend to their duties, we have no
guarantee that there will be a full House in a
week hence. I am certainly opposed to postpon-
ing this question. It may as well be disposed of
now. I agree with the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] that it should be
disposed of decisively, and be ended for this
session. Let those contestants both understand
that the question is settled, and let them not be
kept here all the winter as they were kept through
the most of last session. I do not see that any
good result is to be attained through agreeing to
the proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to inquire what
contestants the gentleman from Pennsylvania
means when he speaks of " both contestants?"
Mr. GROW. I should have said, let this gen-
tleman [Mr. Whitfield] know that the matter
is settled. It was an inadvertence on my part.
Mr. LETCHER. I thought it was a blunder.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I do not conceive
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has made
any suggestion calculated to relieve us from the
difficulfy, or which weakens the strength of the
proposition that I have made. I trust the House
will agree to my suggestion—that this matter be I
postponed till Monday next, when it can be
decisively disposed of without further delay. He
says there is no guarantee that we will have a !
larger attendance at that time than we have at
present. That is true—there is no guarantee of
it; but, at the same time, it permits ample notice
to be given to all sides of the House that at that
time the vote will be taken. Wlnie we are not
responsible for the absence of members at this
time, we will be less responsible at a subsequent
day.
It is true that the Delegate presented his cre-
dentials yesterday without reference to the attend-
ance of members; and it was only after the vote
was taken, and the number of absentees ascer-
tained, that a desire was fek by the Delegate and
his friends that there should be a full vote of the
House on this subject, even though that vote
should resultin rejecting the Delegate. Certainly
no one will object to having a full vote, and one
decisive of the question.
Mr. GIDDLN'GS. I think the proposition of
the gentleman from Georgia is not in order unless
by general consent. It is a very extraordinary i
proposition coming from that side of the House
which presented the question yesterday. I object
decidedly to anv postponement.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia will be in order after the
House shall have decided the question of laying
on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. MoMULLIN. I have been very much
gratified at hearing the appeal that has been
made by the gentleman from Georgia. I had
myself designed to appeal to the gentleman front
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion to lay oil
the table, so that we might have a full vote of the
House. If that vote should be a decision against
the Delegate, I shall most cheerfully acquiesce in
it; but I put it to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania himself whether he desires the question to
be settled, and settled in the absence of ten or
fifteen gentlemen ? It is important to the House
and to the country that the question should be
j settled by a full House. I ask you, Mr. Speaker,
| ar.d I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
! what advantage will be derived from proceeding
j to-day in the absence of so many gentlemen?
. Will it affect his [Mr. Grow's] purpose in any
j shape whatever to let the question lie over till
■ Monday next, that it may be then decisively set-
tled ? I do hope the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia will consent to withdraw his motion to lay
on the table, and let the matter be postponed till
Monday next.
Mr. ORR. I desire to propound a question to
the Chair. Would it be competent to hare the
credentials of the Delegate withdrawn for the
present?
The SPEAKER. Only by the consent of the
House;
Mr. OR.II. And the Delegate has not, as a
matter of right, the privilege of withdrawing
them ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, after
they were presented and passed upon by the
House. Unless with the consent of the House',
the Delegate has not the privilege of withdrawing
them. They are the foundation of the action of
the House.
Mr. GROW. I wish to say one word in re-
sponse to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mc-
Mullin.] I had not considered the relative
strength of the House yesterday. The business
came up in its usual course, and was presented
after the call of the roll of the House. When
neither side of the House knew who was absent
and who not, the case was presented for our
action. Shalhve, when business comes before the
House under its rules, postpone that business to
some other day because some absentees have not
returned to attend to their business? I aits op-
posed to pursuing any other than the usual course
of proceeding.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Will the gentleman
allow me to make one other appeal to him ? I
apprehend that he is willing that a majority of
the House now present should determine whether
or not they will agree to the proposition 1 have
made ? I "therefore ask him to withdraw his
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table, until a vote can be taken upon my propo-
sition to postpone. H the House refuse to post-
pone. the gentleman from Pennsylvania can re-
new his motion to lay upon the table, and the
House can decide the question. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow nte the opportunity to take the
sense of the House upon the proposition to post-
pone.
Mr. GROW. In order to put an end to all
appeals to me, I will say to the House that I am
in favor of proceeding with the regular order of
business under the rules, and am not disposed to
depart from that order of business.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
will be in order after the House has decided the
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. ORR. Suppose the House lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table? That will be en
end of it.
The SPEAKER. That is not a matter for the
Chair to consider.
Mr. ORR. If this motion to postpone is
adopted, the House will be relieved from further
disagreeable scenes, such as were enacted yester-
day, and which may otherwise be enacted per-
haps for a week longer. Their recurrence would
not be creditable to Congress, and it would not
be fair to take a vote without a full House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust that, in any event,
the House will not again go through the scenes
