18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2*,
of yesterday, because, even if the vote now pend-
ing should be laid upon the table, it would be
competent for the Delegate to present the creden-
tials again to-morrew, or on any other day of the
session. This vote will settle nothing. It is
competent for the Delegate to memorialize the
• House at any futuie time, and the House may
entertain the memorial if it sees fit, and refer it
to a committee," through whom it will come up
again. Nothing, therefore, will be settled by this
vote.
I, for one, prefer that the motion of my col-
league should prevail, and that some day should
be set apart on which this vote shall be taken, and
that such vote should decide the question for the
session, so that we can go on with the public
business.
message prom the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER. The House having notified
the President of the United States that they were
ready to receive any communication he might be
pleased to make, the Chair will present the mes-
sage to the House if there be no objection.
delegate from kansas.
Mr. GROW. I object until this question is
disposed of. One word in reply to the gentleman
from Georgia, and then I shall object to every-
thing which is out of order. If" the gentleman
from Georgia be correct, why w&is all of 'yester-
day consumed in these tactions movements? If
nothing lie settled by the vote, why not let the
question be taken and disposed of, rather than
postpone it until some other day? Wow, sir, I
object to all matter* oat of order.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table,
Mr. WASHBUllNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. McMULLtN moved that there be a call
of the House, and upon it demanded the yeas
and. nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAGE. I would inquire of the Chair if
the call of the House under which the House
yesterday adjourned, does not hold over till to-
day ?
The SPEAKER. It fell with the adjournment
yesterday.
Mr. MACE. I h ope that by common consent
the message of the President maf be now read.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 'j5, nays 108; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Alters, Allen, Jl.ill, Bark-dale,
i.c1i, Hendley s. Bennett, Bowie, Branch, I!iooks, Bloom,
Burnett, Cadwidadei, John P. Campbell, Cnthle, Curiae
Chngman, llewell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox
Houston, Gcora- VV. Jones J. Glanev Jones, Keltt, Kelly,
Kenuctt, Kidwoll, Lake, Leitei, I,etcher, Lindlev, Lump-
kin, Samuel ,S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, MeUucen,
, Mil! -on, Mnni.-n/i, Oir, Packet. Paine, Peek,
Sini'b M1JI0
WJiitm'y, YVilhaius, Window, and Zolh-
Wi'iiK'Whbcli
cofier—
NAVS •*— Albright, Alli-jon, Harbour, Barclay,
Hi'iuy ikrmott, Hanson, Hillmijimrsi. Omiiham, Dishon,
liii -s Hr.«Mnw, IJremon, Buil'intou, liurhnsaino, .hvuios II.
rai«i)'3<'ll, 1 if'Wis lM.,amj)bt,ll,<Jhatl\,e, Uayard (Jlarkr, Ezra
11
15. Norton, Howard, Huston, Kclscv. Kin", Knapp
Knight, KiiowUou, Knu\, Mace, Humpliu-y Marshall!
Killuui Milk'i, Milhvard, Monro, Morgan Mor-
rill, Mott, .Mntni}, Ni< hoi Norton, Andicw Ohver, Parker
Prarco, Pennington, Pcrrj. IVtnt, Vikv, Prmyjc, Puivmnc<\
RilchiO, Rof>l)ii)>, Roberts, Hobi^on, tjabin, c5aj;o, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, gituinons ^punier, Stanton, Stmimhan,
Tappan, Thornton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Valk,
Wak<>man, Walbnd^e, Wnldion, Cadwalatler C.
v\ a^bbumo, fillihn 0. Washbume, Watson, Welch, Wood,
and Woodruff—308. '
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. PHELPS. I now ask the unanimous
coBsent of the House that the Presidents mes-
sage may be taken up and read.
Mr. GROW. I object to anything not strictly
in order.
Mr. PHELPS WclI^I will make another
motion. It being necessary that the standing
committees of the House should be appointed, in
order to give the Speaker an opportunity to
arrange them, I move that the House do now
adjourn until to-morrow, at twelve oJclock, m.
Mr. BARCLA.Y. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 118; as follows:
Vi^AS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers. Alien, Barksdaie, Bell,
Hendiuyjs. tfonnctt, liocock, JJowie, Boyce, Biancli,
Sanmo) S. Marshall, Muvwell, McMullin, McQuoen, Mor-
rison, Orr, Packer, Paine, Phelps, PorU'rs Powell, Puryoar,
(lint man, U«>ady, 5tivris,RiH'.in, t3aiulidi?o, Savage, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William gimtli, William U. Smith,
Sne<id, Stewart, Svvopc, Tnppe, Tyson, Umlorwoori, Vail,
Walker, Warner, Wheeler, William?, Window, and Zol-
hootler—80. 5
NAVri — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, liemy lknnett, Benson, Billiwjliurat, Bmgham,
Bishop, Bh^s, Bra(Uhavv, Brcntt-n, Btilfinton, liuilingamf,
Jani'^II ('ampbell;, Imvis 1 . Campbell, ClmtFee, Bayard
Clailce, E/ia Clark, dawson, Oollax, Comins, Covode,
" a<rm, Cumback, llenty Winter Davj>, Timothy Davis,
Morton, Valentine 15. Dorton, Howard, Hngbt«ton, Kcl^ey
King, Knapj), Kmirht, Knowlton, Knox, Loiter, Mace'
Hnmphiey iMar^haii, iMatU'son, MeCarty, Kilhan Miller,
Smith MilU-r, Milton, Milhvard, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Mutray, Nieliol.-., Norton, Andicw Oliver, Parker, Pcaree,
Pelton, PemnnKlon, Peity, Pettit, Pike, Prinqle, Ricaud,
lUtclue^ Bobbins, U'lbcii.s, Kolusoiij rfabm, ^app,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
'i appan/Phoiumton/rhntNtoii,Todd,'Prafton,Valk,Wade,
Wa.kem;in, Walbridire, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
buiiK", lOlhbu 15. Waahbuine, Wntt-on, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, Wood, and Woodruir—118.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we had
better fix tile hour for the daily meeting of the
House. [Cries of " Agreed ! "J As it seems to
meet with general approval, I move that the hour
of meeting of the llouse lie tweive o'clock, m.,
until otherwise ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. l'ARKSDALE. I move that there be a
call of the House; and also demand tiie yeas and
miys on the motion.
-The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 107; as follows:
VI'.AS — Messis. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ilarksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. liennett, Uncock, Bowie, Boyce, llrnucl:'
It.onks lliooni, lliimett, Cailwakider, Jiiim I>. Camnliell
lliunphrey Marshiill, Simmel S. Mm shall, Ma\weii!'Mc-
.llullni, MeClueen, Snutli iVTtliei, Muin.-on, Ori, I'acker
ame, Ceek, ['lielps, I'orter, l'owcll, l'urvear lieadv"
Kieaiid, Jtiver1., llntrni 1 — ■
>v maun:., vvuiMoir, and /.onieoller—
NAYS — Mftois. Allirmht, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
<;ay, Henry ijenni'tt, Benson, Iiillm?liurst, Bmgii,un,
1 isliop, llmdsliaiv, Bienton, Unfimton, llarinaue, Jamc^
IT. Cainptvll, _ Lewis 1). OampheJI, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
t law on, Colfax, Coining Covode, C'a!Zin,(Jumback, Tim-
othy Day, Dean, Do, Witt, Dkit, I)odd, Duifce,
hdio, Kdwards, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddfn^ Gil-
bert, Granger, Gtow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilain.son,
laven, flodjies, Ilollovvay, Thomas R. Boiton, Val"ntme
l>. I oiton, Howard, IIuah=ton, K<4t ov, King, Knap^
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Mafte.on, McCarty, Kit'
Milhon, Mnhvard, Moore, Morgan, ftforrill
Werton, Alichew Olivei, Taiker!
1 earee, Peltnn, Pennington, Pcny, Pettit, Pike, Prm«!e
Purvianee, Rudiie, liobbms, Roberts, Uobison Sabin
ftace, Sapp, Sherman, Mimmona, Spmner, Stanton, stran-
aliae Tappan, Thormston, Tlnuston, Traftoii, Valk,
VV .1(10 VV akeinan, Walimdge, Waldron, Cadivalader c!
\\ashburne, Blhhn B. Washburne, Israel Washburae
VVahoii, Welch, Whitney, and Woo draff—107. '
So the House refused to order that there be a
cali of the House.
Mr. STANTON. ^ X cali for the previous
question on the motion to reconsider the vote
against swearing in Mr. Whitfield as Delegate
from the Territory of Kansas
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How can there
be a call for the previous question pending a
motion to lay upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. "I*he Chair receives the call
for the previous question, as he received 011 yes-
terday the motion of the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] for postponement, to be stated to the
House in its turn. The Chair will put it to the
House when the motion to lay upon the table has
been decided.
Mr. PHELPS. 'As I understand it to be the
desire, as well of those on the other side of the
House as of this, to draw for seats this morning,
I hope, by unanimous consent, the resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
will be taken up and acted on.
Mr. GROW. I object to everything out of
order.
Mr. PHELPS. I move, then, that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. KliXTT. I call for tellers.
Mr. DEAN. .And I demand the yeas and nays
011 the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nttys 110; as follows:
YEAS -Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Baiksdale, Bell,
flendl'iy s. Bennett^Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
liiooks, Broom, Carlile, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson It. VV. Cobb, Crawford, Ciillen, Dowdell, Ed
niundt.on, F.therulgo, Evans, Faulkner. Florence, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Samp-
son W. liains, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glaacy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell. Lake, Letcher,
Lumpkin. Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Mouison, Orr,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Puiyear, Quitman,
Reaitj', Riven,, KniTm, Samhdsc, Savage, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Wtlhain It. Smith, f^need, Stew-
art, Swope, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Walker,
Warner, Wells, Winslow, and Zollieotler—74.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright,'Allison, Bull, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bmglir.ni,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Bufflnton, Burhngame,
.rallies II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chalfee, Eayaid
Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Oiagin, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dotid, Durlee, Edie, Edwards, Emne, English, r'ld?-
Icr, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven,Hodges, Holloway,Thomas
R. Ilorton, Valentine B. llorton, Howaid, Hushston,
Kcl-ey, Kinu, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox. Lester,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Carty, lCilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, .Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, AnUrew Oliver, Paiker,
I'c.uce, Pelton, Terry, Pettit. Pike, Prmgle, Puivianee,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Sliennan, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan Tam-
pan, Tliormaton, Thurston, Trafton, Valk, Wade. W.iac-
inan, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalador C. Washbnrne
Ellilm B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch.
Wood, and Woodruff—110. '
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House fixed its daily hour of meet-
ing at twelve o'clock, in., and on that motion
desire to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be now
considered, but will be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw it, then,and move
that there be a call of the House, on which mo-
tion I call for tellers.
Mr.PRINGLE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I think it is now reduced to a
certainty that there will be nothing done to-day*
I have heretofore voted against motions to ad-
journ, but will now, in good faith, move that the
House adjourn.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
sixty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. PIUNGLE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Ihe question was taken; and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 83, nays 109; as follows:
n,Y,?,AS^M,'?sr3' Alk™> Akers, Allen, Boilssdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell
tv cSn ^'C'/.'ims®an' I!owcil Cobb, Wilhmuseu a!
shall, Maxwell McMullin, McQueen, M.iLiu, Orr. Packer
Phe'l", Pmter, Powell, l'uryear, aiie.lan'
R^ady, iiufliu, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith VVuham
Smith, Wiiham R. Smith, Stewart, Taylor, Trippe, T' -' ™
Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, VVelb, Wheeler 'Wu-
liams, Wmslow, and Zollicoffer—83, '
P«AYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billingliurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-haw
Brenton, Bufflnton, Bariinganio/jamoB 11, Campbdi,LeS
