18o<5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
V. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, daw-
son, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Flag-
ler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Ilarian, Harrison, Haven, Ilodges,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Loiter, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCatty,
Killian Miller Smith MiJlcr, Millward, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Pnngle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberta, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,-Spinner, Stanton, Stran-
ahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Wa'dron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, EUihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Whitney, Wood, and Woodruff—109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next. It is evident that we may as
well adjourn as sit here as we have to-day and
* yesterday.
Mr. cLlNGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask leave to
submit a resolution, with a^iew to terminate the
pending state of affairs; and before the resolu-
tion is read, I would be glad if the same courtesy
were extended to'me that has been extended to
other gentlemen, to explain it.
Mr. GROW. 1 object to everything out of
order.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That all further proceedings having reference
to the admission of John W. Whitfield as a Delegate from
the Territory of Kansas to a seat in this House be post-
poned until Tuesday next, at one o'clock, p. m., at which
hour the question shall be finally disposed of; and that
theieafter no motion in relation to his right to a seat shall
be entertained by the House during the present session.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be re-
ceived only by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am sorry that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania denies me the
courtesy that was so freely extended to him*.
Unless we close the question decisively now, we
shall be bothered with it all the session.
Mr. GROW. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is not
in order.
The question recurred on Mr. McMullin's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
61, nays 124; as folibws:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Barksdate, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Carlile,
Caskie, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Florence, Garnett, Goode, Sampson W.
Harris, Herbert; Jewett, Georce W. Jones, J. Clancy
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindiey,
Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Orr, Packer,
Fame, Phelps, Porter, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ruffin,
Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Simtl), William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Tnppe, Tyson, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheeler.
\\ inslow, and Zollicoffer—61.
-NAYS — Messrs. Allen, liall, Barbour, Barclay, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bocock, Bradsliaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlin-
pmie, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Bavard .Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cos, <Jrat*m, Crawfoid, Cumback, Tim-
othy Davis. Day, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards,
Emrie, English. Etheridge, Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Gal-
loway, Giddinfjs, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood. Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison.
Haven, Hodge*, IIolFitian, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Howard, Hughston, Kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kno\, Leitor, si
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Kdhan Miller, ;
Millson, Mon;aii, Morrill, Mott, Murray.'Norton, Andrew '
nhver, Parker, Pearce, Peck, Poltoti, Peunitijnon, Perrv, \
Prtut, Pike, Pringl©, Purviance, Ricaud, Robbing Robert's, 1
i-abm, Fapp. W'ott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner.Stanton. 'I
Slranalian, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,Trafton. !
\ all;, Wado, YV~.ikrnmii«Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader :«
C. Washburne, llllibu I!. Washburne. Israel Washburn, ii
Watson, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Wood, and Wood-1'
rail—1 -2-1. ' 11
So the House refused to adjourn till Thursday i
next. |!
The question recurred on the motion that there
be a cull of the House, oil which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
Air. ORR.. Before that question be put, I move
that the House do now (half past two, p. m.)
adjourn. It is a very good time to do so.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish first to make a
practical motion—that is, that the Speaker pro-
ceed nt his leisure to appoint the standing com-
mittees for the session. There is no objection to
that; and it is desirable, when we get rid of this
question, to have the standing committees ready.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I suggest to the gen-
tleman who submitted the motion to adjourn,
that we should proceed now to draw for seats.
Mr. ORR. I will withdraw it if we can do
any sort of business.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] will now withdraw
his objection to the resolution proposed by the
fentleman from Ohio. Let that pass, and let us
raw for seats.
Mr. GROW. If I should withdraw my objec-
tion, there are a number of gentlemen who say
they would renew it. •
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania desires to accommodate the House, he
can withdraw his motion to lay on the table; and
then it will be competent to move to postpone.
Mr. GROW. Will gentlemen consent, if I
withdraw the objection, to have the previous
question seconded on the motion to reconsider?
Mr. HOUSTON. That would cut off the
postponement.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania desires to arrive at the point whether
or not we intend in good faith to postpone this
question till Monday or Tuesday next, I have no
hesitation in saying, in presence of the House,—
and if I am wrong some person will correct me,—
that the object is to come to a vote at that time,
and in good faith to dispose of the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. At once.
Mr. COBB. At once. •
Mr. GROW. I decline to depart from the
policy which I adopted this morning.
Mi;. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man if his proposition was to withdraw, in order
to have the main question ordered now, and a
vote taken, or to have the main question ordered,
and let it go over to Tuesday by common con-
sent ?
Mr. GROW. I have just stated that I cannot
depart from the policy which I adopted this
morning—that is, to proceed to business under
the rules.
Mr. H. MARSHALL proposed to offer his
resolution to draw for seats.
Mr. BARCLAY objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to offer a resolution that each member
retain the seat he has ?
The SPEAKER. The Clfair thinks that the
motion would not be in order, pending the ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. JONES. If it were, I should like to offer
that sort of resolution. [Laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Oun's motion
to adjourn; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at two o'clock and thirty-five
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned till to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 3, 1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. James C. Jones and Hon. A. P. Bptler
appeared m their seats.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION^
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury; which, on motion ofMr. Seward, was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of one
hundred and five inhabitants of the town of Cape
Vincent, in the State of New York, for a break-
water at that port; which was laid on the table
until the committees shall have been appointed.
He also presented a memorial from the Mayor
and other citizens of Georgetown, District of
Columbia, members of a committee appointed by
the Corporation of that city, representing the
injury done to the harbor of Georgetown by the
deposits occasioned by the erection of the Alex-
andria atjueduct and the Potomac bridge, and
praying for an appropriation to remove the ob-
structions and restore the advantages of which
that city has been deprived, which are so essen-
tial to her commerce. The memorial was laid oil
the table until a committee shall have been ap-
pointed to which it may be referred.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. RUSK presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Texas, in which it is represented
that the Legislature concur entirely in the views
presented by the Governor of that State in his
message of the 27th of September last, in refer-
ence to the recent act of Congress On the public
debt of Texas. It was also resolved, that the act
of Congress proposing to distribute the balance
in the Treasury of the United States, after pay-
ing all the claims filed against the State of Texas
under, the act of Congress of the 28th of February,
1855, without the concurrence or assent of Texas,
is unauthorized and illegal, and in no degree justi-
fied by the cotemporaneous construction of that
act when Texas accepted it. It was further
resolved, that those creditors who have filed their
releases, and received their money underthe pro
rata distribution of that aet, have no claim on the
surplus in the Treasury of the United States
which Congress proposes to pay them, and that
such a payment could only be deemed a gift on
the part of the Government of the United States,
for which that,Government is responsible to the
amount of every cent that it may pay over, to the
creditors entitled to the fund, or to the State of
Texas. It was likewise resolved that, as the act
in question was enacted without the least notice
to Texas, or waiting for her concurrence or
assent, the Legislature regards it as nothing
short of a violation of that comity which ought
to subsist between independent Stales, involving a
manifest act of public disrespect, whilst the indis-
creet haste with which the act was passed in no
small degree aggravates its offensive character.
In reference to the ulterior distribution of th«
i surplus remaining in the Treasury of the United
States, after the payment of the public debt of
Texas in accordance with the proclamation of the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
the Legislature affirm that Texas has a much
higher authority to speak than any other Govern-
ment on the earth; and she will speak hereafter,
with a proper regard to her own sense of justice
and honor, and the interest of that people over
whose character and fortunes she is called to pre-
side. They instruct the Senators from Texas,
and request their Representatives in Congress, to
employ all and every effort in their power tojwo-
cure a repeal of the act, as offensive to the pride
of the State as it is invasive of her interests.
The resolutions were laid upon the table; and
it was ordered that they be printed.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That Uie Secretary of the Treasury be required
to inform the Senate what amount of Uieetaims against tho
late Republic of Texas, provided to be paid by the act of
Congress of the 2Sth February. 1855, lias not been presented
at the Department for payment.     w _
DEATH OF HON. JOHN M. CLAYTON.
Mr. BAYARD rose and addressed the Senate
as follows: Mr. President, no more painful duty
can devolve upon a member of this body than the
annunciation of the death of a colleague; and the
duty becomes yet more painful, when that col-
league has sustained an elevated position in the
country, and our persona! relations to him have
been those of kindness and friendship. '•
| It has become my mournful duty to announce
I to the Senate the death of my distinguished col-
' league and friend, the Hon. joh.v M, Clayton.
i He died during the recess, on the 9tH of Novem-
1 ber last, at his residence in Dover, in his sixty-
! first year; and though his health had been uncer-
I tain and precariousYor some years past, bis death
: was unexpected, and has been the source of sin-
j cere and det^> sorrow both to Us friends an'd
j fellow-citizens.
i This, sir, is neither the time nor the place for
an analysis of his great mental and moral endow-
ments, or a critical examination of the political
' opinions he entertained or general measures he
: advocated so ably during his long period of public
i service. A brief sketch of his career, and the
: expression of my sincere appreciation of his
| many virtues, in asking for the tribute to his
i memory of those honors—vain though they be—
I which custom has rendered sacred, and to which
i his high endowments and eminent public services
