20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,«
so well entitle it, seem more appropriate to the
occasion.
John Middleton Clayton was born in the
comity of Sussex, and State of Delaware, 6n the
24th of July, A. D. 1796. His father, James
Clayton, a man of unquestioned integrity and
active business habits, was a member of one of
the oldest families in the State, his ancestor
having come to America with William Penn.
His mother was a native of the eastern shore of
"V irginia.
His father's means were those of competency,
not of affluence, though his affairs became em-
barrassed about the time that his son's education
was completed; but with wise forecast he had
previously given that son more than fortune, in
giving him the advantages of a liberal education;
and well did my friend avail himself of those
advantages. He entered Yale College in July,
1811, and devoting himself most assiduously and
laboriously to his studies, graduated in that ven-
erable institution in September, 1815, with the
highest honors of his class, and the confidence
and attachment of his instructors.
Immediately after leaving college, he com-
menced the study of the law under the lute Chief
Justice Thomas Clayton, one of the ablest law-
yers of the State, and subsequently pursued it
with him, and also for one or two years at the
Litchfield Law School, and was admitted to the bar
in his native county in the year 181W. Prom hia
high grade of intellect and extraordinary capacity
for labor, ho came to tho bar with a knowledge of
the principles of jurisprudence seldom acquired
till after years of practice; and his success at the
bar of Kent county, where lie located himself,
was so rapid and brilliant, that in a few years he
stood in the foremost rank of the profession,
with able and distinguished lawyers as his com-
petitors. He devoted himself to his profession,
and took no very active part in political struggles
previous to the year 1827, though he was elected
a member of the Legislature in the year 1824,
and subsequently filled the office of Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware.
In the division of political opinions which ulti-
mately led,in the interval between the election of
Mr. Adams and that of General Jackson, to the
organization of two great parties throughout the
country, he adopted the principles, and became
identified with the fortunes, of the Whig party,
which being in the asctndant in the State of Del-
aware, he was elected a Senator of the United
States in January, and took his seat in this
body in December following. Jlis public ser-
vices in the Senate require no comment, for his
history here is written in his country's annals.
It is no slight evidence, however, of the highest
order of merit, that a young man coming into
public life as the representative of one of the
smallest States in the Union, at a time when such
men as Calhoun, Clay, and Webster were in the
zenith of their powers and influence, 'should
rapidly acquire a national reputation, arul become
one of the acknowledged leaders of the great
party to which he was attached. Mr. Clayton
was reelected to the Senate on the expiration of
hio first term in 1835; but becoming weary of the
excitement of political life, he resigned his place
in December, 183G. The confidence of the Ex-
ecutive bestowed upon him in January, 1837,
with tho general approbation of the bar and the
people of Delaware, the office of Chief Justice of
the State, which he also resigned in August, 1839,
having in that, as in all the public situations
which he filled, demonstrated his high capacity
for the performance of its duties.
He remained in private life during the ensuing
six years, but was again elected to the Senate in
March, 1845; and on the accession of General
Taylor to the Presidency in 1849, the office of
Secretary of State was tendered to him, as the
consequence of his national reputation, and ac-
cepted. The death of President Taylor m July,
1850, again placed him in private life.
During the period which he held the position
of Secretary of State he negotiated in April,
1850, the treaty with Great Britain commonly
called the Clayton-Buhver treaty. That treaty
was ratified by more than three fourths of the
Senate; and I may be permitted to say that, had
it been carried out according to the plain and
obvious import of its language, would have ef-
fected all which this country should desire in
relation to the territory of Central America, and
the safety and security of an interoceanic com-
munication; and if difficulties have since arisen,
either from the aggressions of the Power with
which it was contracted, or a failure on our part
to insist in the first instance on its due execution,
the fault, if any, rests not with him, as no action
of that Power, contravening its proper construc-
tion, occurred during the short time which he
retained the office of Secretary of State after the
ratification of the treaty.
Pie remained in private life until 1853, when
the confidence of his State again returned him to
he Senate. It would he useless, if not idle, for
me to dilate upon his commanding powers in
debate, which most of those around me have so
often witnessed.
He may have differed, with many of us in
opinion, but none can deny the eminent courtesy
and ability which he displayed in sustaining his
views, or the broad nationality of his sentiments.
Indeed, one of his most striking characteristics
was the intense nationality of his feelings; and
numerous instances might be cited from his pub-
ic life, in which, where the honor or the inter-
ests of his country, or the integrity of the Union
was involved, ho broke those fetters with which
the spirit of party but too often trammels the
minds of even the most distinguished public
men.
As a statesman, he was the pride of his State,
and a chciibhcd leader of one of the great polit-
ical parties of the country whilst its national
organization was maintained.
As a lawyer, he was necessarily less known
to those around me, as the sphere of his forensic
action, with few exceptions, was within the
limits of his own State. It has been my fortune,
however, to have frequently witnessed and felt
his powers both as an associate and opponent;
and though I have heard very many of the most
distinguished lawyers of our country, in cases
calling for the highest exercise of their capacity,
and may have thought a few possessed greater
powers of discrimination, and others a more
playful fancy—in the combination of all his facul-
ties I have yet to meet lus superior, if indeed I
have met his equal, as an advocate before a jury.
I will not pause now to analyze the peculiar
powers which rendered him so effective, formid-
able, and successful in his forensic puisuits. It
is suificient that he was so successful in a pro-
fession in which merit alone can command
success.
To his great mental qualities he added a host
of virtues. Affectionate as a son, devoted as a
husband, almost too indulgent as a father, he was
a kind and generous friend. Of exceeding liber-
ality, his purse was open to those he loved and
esteemed with an almost careless confidence.
Little conveisant with, and somewhat heedless
of, the mere conventionalities of society, there
was a charm m the cordiality of his manner
which endeared him to his friends, and attracted
and fascinated even his oidinary neqmnntances.
But, Mr. President, successful as was my friend
in all his pursuits, there were shadows cast upon
the pathway of his life, and he had more than an
equal share of the sorrows and disappointments
inevitable to the lot of man. lie achieved fame,
and acquired fortune, and his checks in the pur-
suit of cither were but few and transient. This
is the bright side of the picture. The reverse
presents the afflictions to which, in the dispensa-
tions of an all-wise Providence, ho was subjected
in his domestic relations.
In September, 1822, he married the daughter
of Dr. James Fisher, of Delaware, an accom-
plished lady, and the object of his first affections.
After little more than two years of domestic
happiness, she Uied in February, 1825, leaving
him two sons, and to him her loss was a life-long,
sorrow. He cherished her memory with an
almost romantic devotion, and though unusually
demonstrative as to his ordinary emotions and
feelings, with his deeper affections it was other-
wise. His was a grief which spoke not; and
even the observant eye of friendship could only
see, from momentary glimpses, how immedicable
was the wound which had been inflicted. Of the
two children which she left him, the youngest,
who was of great promise both intellectually and
morally, died in January, 1849, in his twenty-
tourth year, and the other two years afterwards.
On the death of his youngest and favorite child,
there was a desolation of the heart which, though
it vainly courted relief in the excitement of pub-
lic life, could scarcely be realized by those who
have not suffered under the pressure of a similar
sorrow. Perhaps it is best pictured in the mel-
ancholy reflections of Wallenstein:
I shall grieve down this blow; of that I'm conscious:
What does not man grieve down?
From the highest,
A<? from die vilest thing of eveiy day,
He learns to wean himself; for the strong hours
Conquer him. Yet £ feel what I have lost
In him. The bloom is vanished from my life.
For 01 ! he sto^d beside me, like my youth,
Transformed for me the real to a dieam,
Clothing the palpable and the familiar
With golden exhalations of the dawn.
Whatever fortunes wait my futare toils,
The beautiful is vanish-'d—and returns not."
Such, Mr. President, was my colleague's
career, and such his sorrows. He stood isolated
m the world; for though there remained affec-
tionate relatives and kind friends, they could not
satisfy the longing of the heart for those nearer
and dearer who had passed* away. I cannot
doubt that the corroding effect of this great grief,
and the indisposition to physical exertion which
it naturally produced, undermined a very vigor-
ous constitution, and foreshortened his life, at an
age when ripened experience and undecaycd
mental powers would have rendered his"service9
most valuable to his country.
Among the graves of the last century, Mr.
President, in an old church-yard at New Castle,
there is an epitaph upon the tomb-stone of a Mr
Curtis, who died in 1753, after having filled many
public offices in the then colony of the "Three
Lower Counties upon Delaware," attributed (I
believe correctly) to the pen of Benjamin Frank-
lin. It might, with a change of name, be most
appropriately inscribed upon the tomb of my
lamented friend:
" If to be prudent in council,
Upright in judgment,
Faithful m trust,
Give value to the public man ;
If to be sincere in friendship,
.Aileetionate to relations,
AjkI kind to all aiound him,
Make the private man amiable,
Thy death, O Clayton,
As a general loss,
.Long shall be lamented."
I wiil but further add, as the last and crowning
act of my colleague's life, that he died in the faith
and with the hopes of a Christian.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
fiom a smceie desire of showing every mark of respect due
to the memory of the Hon. John M. Clayton, late a Sen-
tor from the State of Delaware, will go into mourning by
wearing crape on the left aim for thirty days.
Resolved, unanimously, That, as an additional mark of
lespectfor the memory'of the Hon. John M. Clayto?i? the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I rise
for the purpose of seconding the motion that has
been made for the adoption of the resolutions just
offered.
I would notwillingly disturb, by a single word,
the sad and solemn silence Which has been im-
pressed upon the Senate by the announcement
that has just been made of the death of Mr.
Clayton; but I feel that it is due to this occa-
sion, and to our long and cherished friendship,
that I should offer to the memory of my depaited
friend the humble tribute of my respect and
affection.
He is so freshly remembered here, that I can
hardly realize to myself that we are to see him
in this Chamber no more—that I am no more to
see him take hi3 seat by my si3e, where he was
so long accustomed to sit—no more to receive
that cheerful, happy, cordial Salutation with
which he greeted us every morning as we met in
this Chamber.
• But,Mr. President, I must restrain these recol-
lections, and the feelings to which they give rise.
I will not attempt any delineation of the char-
acter of Mr. Clayton, or any enumeration of hi3
public services. These belong to history. But
we who were his associates, who saw, and knew,
and heard him, can bear witness that he was a
great man, and a great statesman, of unsullied and
unquestioned patriotism and integrity, and that
in the Senate and in the Cabinet he rendered
