22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 move that there be a
call of the House; and on that motion 1 call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 110; as follows:
1TEAS—Messrs. Akers, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Clinginan,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford,
Cullen, Dowdell, Edmundson, Etheridge, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J, Glancy Jones, Kennett, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Morrison, Orr, Packer,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud,
Kivers, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
Stewart, Taylor, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Walker,
Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Winslow,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Burhngame, James II. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaft'ee, Ezra Ciark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day,
Bean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards,
Krone, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings,
Gilbert, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Haven, Hickman,
/ Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knox, KunKel, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Killian
Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, .Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Strannhan, Swope, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Valk, Wade, Wake-
man, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader Washburne,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—110.
So the House refused to order a call.
Miscellaneous propositions.
The question recurred on Mr. Grow's motion
to lay. on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will it be in
order to move that the rules of the House be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union? If it be, I desire to make a motion to
that effect, in order that we may dispose of the
annual message of the President of the United
States, sent in at the beginning of first session,
and which has not yet been referred.
The SPEAKER. The question of reconsid-
eration relates to the privileges of. a member of
the House, and cannot be cut off by a.motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to suggest
to the House the proprioty of disposing now of
the question of drawing for seats. If gentlemen
■will bear with mo a single moment, they will find
that the suggestion is made by me in good faith,
for the purpose of disposing of that matter. I
am perfectly willing, for my own part, not to
have seats drawn at all  *
A Member. 1 am not.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Yes; but it will be
done, and therefore the sooner it is done the
better. In all probability a message will soon be
received here which will require the House to
adjourn early. It is for that reason—because we
cannot have an extended session to-day—that I
desire to have this matter of drawing for seats
disposed of. I would not propose it,if it were to
interfere with the business of the House; but I
do so in view of the fact that the session of the
House will be short to-day. I therefore ask the
unanimous consent of the House that we may
proceed and draw for seats.
Mr. SAGE. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I have simply to say, that
1 hope that suggestion will be acquiesced in, for
the reason—as I understand—that business will
be, at all events, finished early to-day. The day
will be lost. I hope, therefore, _that the House
will unanimously consent to take up the resolu-
tion to draw for seats.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would say, Mr. Speaker,
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
that in myjudgment itis proper, before we go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
UnioD, to refer to that committee the message of
the President which is now on our table. Let it
be referred to the committee, and then we can
distribute that, while we are in committee, within
the same time that we can distribute the old one.
Indeed, I do not ste any use in our distributing
the message of the President sent in at the first
session of this Congress. But the message is on
the table now, and if the House have no desire to
call it up for distribution, it need not do so. I ask
for the reading of the President's last message,
and its reference to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. I object. I wish it understood
that I will object to everything out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman desires to
proceed in the regular order of business, I will
endeavor to submit a motion in order—that is,
that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on JViday; ana on that I call the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Sage] is willing to
withdraw his objection to the proposition relating
to the drawing for seats.
Mr. PHELPS. If that be so I will withdraw
my motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew the objection.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
43, nays 167; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Bell, Bowie, Boyce,
Cadwalader, Howell Cobb, Henry Winter Davis, Denver,
Evans, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Augustus Hall, Herbert, Hickman, Kent, Kelly,
Lake, Lindley, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Orr,
Packer, Phelps, Porter, Quitman, Robison, Ruffin, San-
didge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Taylor, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, and
Winslow—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Bradshaw,
Branch, Brenton, Biooks, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Burnett, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cnilile,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Kara Clark,
Clawson, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Crawford, Cullen, Cum-
back, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd,
Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Edwards, Emrie,Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Faulkner, Flagler, Galloway, Gamctt, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Ilarlan, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Ilotfman,
Holloway,Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Hous-
ton, Howard, Hughston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, ICunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel H. Mar-
shall, Matteson, McCarty, Killian Miller, Hmith Miller,
Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Mott. Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pearce, Peck,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prin^Ie, I'm viance,
Puryear, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbms, Roberts,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, William
Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Spmner, Stanton, Sti an -
alian, Swope, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Traf-
ton, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakcman, Wal-
bridge. Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—167.
So the House refused to adjourn till Friday.
Mr. PHELPS. We shall'-probably receive a
message from the Senate soon, and I do not desire
to interfere with it by any motion, if it can be
avoided by our taking a short recess. If general
consent be not given, however, to introduce such
a motion, I shall be under the necessity of sub-
mitting a motion that there be a call of the House.
I move that we take a recess for fifteen minutes.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. KEITT I move that the House do now
adjourn; and upon the motion 1 call for tellers.
Mr. PRINGLE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 126; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P.
Campbell, Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cox, Cullen, Denver, Dowdell, Ednmndson,
Etheridge, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Fostei, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Garnett, Augustus Hall, J. Moirisnn Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Keitt,
Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall.Max-
well, McMullin. McQueen, Orr, Packer, Paine, Phelps,
Porter, Quitman, Ruffin, Sandidge, Sdva^e, Shorter, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Taylor,
Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Weils,
Wheeler, Williams, Winslow, and Zollicoffer—66.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barksdale,
Bell, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Buffinton, Burlingdiue, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Crawlord, Cumback, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, Do Witt, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards,
Emrie, F.nglish, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Goode, Granger,Greenwood, Grow, RobeitB.
Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hodges,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hughston, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelsey, Kennett, Kidwell,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Carty, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purvi-
ance, Purv«ar, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts,
.Robison, "Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Suanahan.
Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodrufl", Woodworth, and John
V. Wright—126.
So the House refused to adjourn.
DEATH OF HON. JOHN M. CLAYTON.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Aseuet Dickins, their Secretary, announcing to
the House information of the death of the Hon.
John M. Clayton, late Senator from Delaware,
and the proceedings of the Senate thereon. (
The resolutions of the Senate were read.
Mr. CULLEN. I rise, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of performing, to me, a most painful duty:
It is to announce to this House, and to the nation,
the death of one of the most distinguished citi-
zens of the State of Delaware.
I need not portray to this House the character
of the deceased. It was known to us all and to
the nation. His reputation is spread throughout
the length and breadth of this land, but I cannot
let this occasion pass without making some re-
marks which may show to this House and the
country the light in which I would invite them
to regard the career <3f our deceased Senator and
statesman.
He was a man of great research and great
intellect, of profound learning' and uncommon
quickness. He has occupied a place in the history
of this nation for a period of thirty years, as one
of the most distinguished citizens of this country.
He was born in the village of Dagsborough, in
the county of Sussex, and State of Delaware, on
the 24th day of July, 1796. He entered Yale
College, and graduated in 1815, with the first
honors of his class. Upon his return to the State
of Delaware, he commenced the study of the law
with his relative, the Hon. Thomas Clayton, a
distinguished member of the bar of that State,
and for many years a member of this House, and
afterwards one of our Senators; he was a very
distinguished jurist, and stood at the head of his
profession. With him he studied one year, and
then removed to the Litchfield Law School, then
under the charge of two distinguished profess-
ors, Judges Gold and Reevez. He there pursued
his studies, with great diligence and industry, for
the period required by the rules of our courts,
previous to his admission to the bar of the supe-
rior courts of Delaware, to which he was ad-
mitted in 1818, in the county of his birth. His
splendid examination gave early promise of his
future eminence and success.
He soon became distinguished in that position.
It has been my fortune to be engaged with him
in the argument of many causes, both as his col-
league and as hia opponent, and I must say to
this House, and to the nation, that never have I
witnessed the display of such quickness of ap-
prehension, such memory, such a grasping intel-
lect, such learning, such zeal and ingenuity, as
were displayed by the deceased on every occa-
sion m which he found it necessary to exert his
great mind in the progress of a cause. As a
lawyer, he was profound and industrious, of un-
tiring patience. He viewed his cases m every
point of light in which they could be seen, and
could see every point in them at a glance. But
he was not satisfied with a glance. He investi-
gated every position, and was prepared for every
question which could arise in the case. I have
seen gentlemen whose legal minds, 1 thought,
were equal to his; but when he prepared him-
self, never has there been known in the State of
Delaware a man who could be said to be his
equal. It is confidently everywhere asserted,
that he never saw his equal, especially as an ad-
vocate before a jury.
As an advocate, he excelled any member of the
bar whose career has been witnessed by any
person now living. I have known him to be
successful in cases which any other lawyer would
have despaired of; and so keen was his perception
of the ludicrous, that if the case of his opponent
