36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Mr. MASON. The Senator has stated my
position with perfect fairness, with a single omis-
sion. I stated that the Constitution recognized
this social institution, protected it, and made it
an element of political power. Thence I insisted,
as the proper construction of the Constitution,
that the institution, thus recognized, thus pro-
tected, thus made an element of political power,
was entitled to all its just susceptibilities of
expansion, without the States as well as within
them; meaning, of course, to be expanded where-
ever there was no jurisdiction to limit it; and there
is no jurisdiction to limit it in the Territories, as
I think.
Mr. WADE. I believe I understood the gen-
tleman. I intended to state him precisely as I
understood him; I understand him now exactly
as I did before, though perhaps I was unfortunate
in not being able to state his position as clearly
as he has stated it himself. I take, however, an
entirely different view of the subject from that
stated by the Senator. I acknowledge that in the
formation of the Constitution of the United
States, the institution of slavery is recognized in
two or three instances. First, as a basis of rep-
resentation in the House of Representatives,
connecting itself with direct taxation; next, by
the provision for the rendition of fugitives from
service; and again, perhaps, in the limitation on
the African slave trade. Although it was recog-
nized in these clauses of the Constitution as an
existing institution, a mark of disapprobation
was placed upon it, as everybody can perceive,
by the awkward circumlocution which enabled
the framers of the Constitution to treat the sub-
ject without even naming the word which they
so much deplored—" slavery." It was an insti-
tution deep-rooted in many of the States of the
Union at that time. In iact, I believe it then
prevailed in all the States but one. Those who
formed the Constitution yielded to a kind of po-
litical necessity in giving it a right to grow within
the States where it existed. In erecting the fun-
damental principles of the Government, they
recognized its existence in the Old Thirteen as a
fact; but I do not believe it was their intention
that it should ever go. a single inch further. All
they said on the subject showed that they deplored
its existence at all. What most of them did im-
mediately afterwards in limiting slavery in all the
Territories we then had, thus putting an interpre-
tation on the Constitution, shows that it was not
their intention that this institution should grow
and expand itself as an element of political power,
but on the contrary, that they yielded to a stub-
born necessity which they could not overcome in
the States where*it existed. But the moment their
f)rudence, their foresight, their patriotism, their
oveof liberty, contemplated the growth of States
where the institution should not exist, they en-
acted, with great unanimity—I believe without a
dissenting voice—the good old ordinance which
prohibited it forever in all.the Territories then
belonging to the United States. I say " forever,"
because Madison and the great men of that day
did not agree to the doctrine which has sprung
up since, and seemjs now to prevail here, that in
the Northwest Tclritory slavery might ™xist
after a State formed from it came into the Union.
Those who enacted the prohibition did not
imagine that. They supposed it was a perma-
nent prohibition repudiating the institution in that
Territory forever, under all circumstances. I
only allude to this point now, however, for the
purpose of showing that my views on this point
accord with the intention of the framers of the
Constitution. They yielded to the necessity im-
posed upon them by the condition of things
where slavery had a foothold; but they never
intended that it should grow and expand itself.
They certainly made no provision for any such
thing You must resort to the loosest and most
latitudinous construction if you seek to imply,
from anythingin the Constitution, that you have
a right to insist that the institution of slavery
shall grow and expand itself indefinitely as an
element of political power.
Sir, the whole North understands the Consti-
tution in opposition to the position taken by the
Senator, from Virginia, ff his interpretation
could have gone before the country during the
late canvass as the settled doctrines of Mr. Buch-
anan and his party upon the subject of slavery,
you would have found, not only that the Repub-
lican candidate would have been elected, but in
the northern States the verdict in his favor would
have been almost unanimous. What, sir! slavery
expand itself into the Territories as an element
of political power and influence, to overawe the
North—to limit freedom ! I say, " limit free-
dom," for freedom and slavery cannot grow
together. They are diametrically opposite. They
cannot be reconciled. They cannot both expand
themselves into the same Territory. Either free-
dom goes into it, or slavery goes into it; they
cannot be mixed up. Entirely opposed in then-
natures, there is no such thing as blending them.
Indeed, in £he Territories, where the contest must
come, there seems to be something utterly irrec-
oncilable in the idea that freedom and slavery
can grow and expand together side by side. In
my judgment it cannot be done. Union or no
Union; come what may, I believe it to be the
settled purpose of the northern people to limit
slavery to the States in which it now exists.
I thank the gentleman from Virginia for having
put forth his position in the same frankness with
which I announce my own. I speak as one who
believes that he utters the views of the people of
the State at least which he in part represents.
The Senator has done us justice upon other ques-
tions; he has admitted that we do not profess to
hq,ve any right or power to go into the States
there to alter, modify, or in any way interfere
with any institutions which they may see fit to
adopt. That some men entertain that sentiment
•may be true; but the great body of the people of
the North, the great Republican party of the
North, never put fortl^any such doctrines, cither
in speeches or in platforms, or anywhere else.
They think they understand the limitations of
the rights of the States. They adopt as a prin-
ciple what they believe to bo the constitutional
limits, and there they honestly stand as you do
upon your platform, for I impugn the motives of
no man. This President of ours was departing
at all events from good taste, even if he had the
constitutional right to do so, when, standing in a
high position, a dignified position, which should
have led him to measure all his words, he assailed
the motives of one half the people of this Union,
and charged upon them pretenses under cover of
which they intended to do something wrong and
unlawful. Now, sir, what is the great principle
of the Republican party upon which they differ
from their opponents? The Senator from Vir-
ginia tells us that it is utterly immaterial to him
what are the different shades of opinion among
those who dissent from his views. He does not
care whether a man intends to change the exist-
ing order of things in the States, claiming that
Congress has a right to interfere with State insti-
tutions, or whether he holds that Congress has a
constitutional right to interfere with the institu-
tion in the Territories of the United States. I
believe I understand him correctly.
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. It strikes me that that is a new
doctrine. It certainly is a new doctrine to the
minds of all those with whom I have spoken on
the subject. The great men of old, in Congress
and out of Congress, argued for the limitation of
slavery in the Territories. During a period of
more than seventy years, there was scarcely a
breath of objection to acts passed for that pur-
pose. The men who passed those acts, when
they supposed they had a right to limit slavery
in the Territories, never imagined that they had a
right to go into a State and interfere with an in-
stitution existing there. They contended for no
such thing; but they stood where the great Re-
publican party now stands. This is a new ism.
It is a new principle of very modern growth. Is
there no difference between my voting for a law
to change the institutions of old Virginia, and
prescribing what shall be the institutions of a
Territory of the United States?
_ The President informs us that the power to
limit slavery in the Territories has been settled
by a tram of decisions by every department of
the Government. I wish he hadcitedhis author- [!
ities. I think the President of the United States i|
ought not to have rested so important a doctrine •
on his own mere ipse dixit. Why did ho not tell I
us where the decision was to be found, and who j
had settled it? If it had been settled by all the '
departments of the Government, and by a long i
train of decisions,! think he might have pointed !
to one. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] however, on the spur of the occasion,
resorting only to his memory, was able to put
his finger at once on a principle laid down by
Chief Justice Marshall, whose word will not be
lightly trifled %vith, that in the Territories Con-
fress has the same right to legislate that a State
as within its jurisdiction. Until the President
shall confront Judge Marshall with some author-
ity, I shall say to him, " Sir, in this solemn
message of yours you have put forth a principle
which cannot be sustained, and which you knew
could not be sustained."
Here we are at issue, and we may as well
understand each other now as at any other time.
The platform of principles adopted by the Repub-
lican party has been voted for by mpre than ona
million two hundred thousand intelligent and
enlightened freemen. After hearing the issue
discussed amply before them, they have delib-
erately sanctioned all the doctrines contained in
that platform. One of them, standing out as
prominently as any other, is that slavery shall
be limited in the Territories—that it shall not be
suffered to expand itself there. It is the great
practical point of our creed. I regret—I am sorry
to find that it is in direct collision with the doc-
trines of the other section. They hold that to
enact such limitations as were voted for by the
First Congress of the United States, which have
been followed up ever since — which were ap-
proved'even by Mr. Calhoun in the Cabinet, is a
justification for a disruption of this Union. All
I can say is, that I think I stand where the great
men of the Constitution stood. I do not believe
that I am justly chargeable with fanaticism, I do
not think I am justly obnoxious to the charge of
ultraism. I stand here contending for no other
rightjhan for Congress to interpose in the Terri-
tories of the United States, and there say that
slavery shall not expand as an element of polit-
ical power. Sir, that is the objectionable feature
against which I have ever argued; for, much as
I deplore the existence of slavery anywhere—
wishing, a3 I do, that the utmost freedom should
prevail in all countries—I never yet in any place
have argued this question in any other view than
as an element of political power. It is that which
makes this institution so exceedingly obnoxious
to the freemen of the North. It is its political
bearing. It is the fact, that a concentration of
power, begotten by the prevalence of this insti-
tution in nearly one half the States of this Union,
can forever control the destinies of the nation,
when, on the other hand, met by a mere democ-
racy governed by principles as various as the
different men composing it, slavery is an element
of political power of such potency that, coma
what may, the freemen of the North, who intend
to exercise all the powers that freemen exercise
anywhere else, are bound to prevent any other or
further extension of it as an element ol' political
power.
I have consulted with nobody. I speak what I
believe to be the doctrines of the people whom I
represent. I have no doubt that I speak for one
hundred and seventy-five thousand men in Ohio
who have stood up with a settled determination,
so far as their votes would go, to limit the insti-
tution of slavery in the Territories of the United
States, and most especially in that portion of the
Territories which were guarded against it by the
old compact. As this element of political power
threatens their political standing as freemen, I tell
you, sir, they stand on their position. No threats
of a dissolution of this Union will ever make
them take one backward step. We had better
j understand each other. I have seen it stated in
■ some papers at the South, that their threats of
1 dissolution deterred northern men from voting as
they otherwise would have voted, and probably
produced the result which has been manifested in
the election. This idea, in my judgment, is a
great mistake. Northern men are slow to wake
up and assert their rights; they are not very vehe-
ment in their assertion; but, nevertheless, they
are not the cowards whose political action is
biased by fear. No threats will ever procure
any different action from that which will be pro-
duced by fair argument, independently of any
such threats. While we love the Union of these
States—while we believe it ought to continue for-
ever, we, at the same time, believe that our inter-
est in it is no greater than the interest of men
