28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December. 4,
before the tribunal of history and posterity, that
80 long as the slaveholding States had the control
«f this Confederacy, there was no disposition
manifested, no practical demonstration made, to
exclude northern candidates. Certainly until
1826, and I believe until 1835, the slaveholding
States had the ascendency. Was any such ques-
tion ever made because they had the ascendency?
Did they exclude John Adams, John Cluincy
Adams, and that class of men? During the time
the slaveholding States had the control of this
Confederacy, they never entered into combination
to disfranchise the North, when they could have
done it. They had no such idea. When we
entered into this Confederacy, it was formed by
practical men, who understood that they were to
observe the Constitution in good faith; and that
■when the Constitution was disregarded, numerical
strength could not give us a Government. Ac-
cording to the Senator's argument, the moment
you deprive us of an operative Constitution, which
can be controlled within its legitimate sphere,
you make this the Governmentof a mere majority,
a Government of discretion, and discretion is the
law of the tyrant. I would not say to any sec-
tion that it ought to be under the temptation to
exercise such a Government. Yet here is the
fact before you, a most palpable and momentous
fact, that—for the first time in the history of tho
Government 1 believe—both candidates have been
nominated by a party, and sustained by a party,
from one section. 1 do not intend to make this
the occasion of a stump speech upon the Presi-
dency. I have a higher purpose tnan.that 
Mr. HALE. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a single question as he goes along,
because I know he does not intend to misstate
history. How was it when Andrew Jackson
and John C. Calhoun were elected?
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Calhoun was elected Vice
President when John Quincy Adams waselected
President, and neither the North nor the South
thought it proper to turn him out when General
Jackson was elected. He was acceptable to both.
He was not elected on a sectional ground. With
that qualification, the Senator is right. Mr. Cal-
houn went into office under an original nomina-
tion for Vice President with Mr. John Ciuincy
Adams, and was continued in office, I believe,
without opposition North or South, East or West.
There was no sectional question then. The issue
then was not of a sectional character.
Mr. WADE. It is not so, on our part, now.
Mr. BUTLtiR. It is not sectional on his part,
when the gentleman says he would have both can-
didates from his section !
Mr. WADE. 1 have said nothing about the
locality of the President and Vice President—not a
word that 1 am aware <1f.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps you are not fully
• aware of what you did say. 1 do noi know that
you said it, but you acted it.
Mr. WADE. 1 know 1 did not say it. I am
aware of what 1 say.
Air. BUTLER. The Senator thinks that acts
do not couiu as much as words.
Mr. WADE. 1 did not say a syllable aijput it.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, wheie were your can-
didates from ?
Mr. WADE. The United Slates, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 will not bo tempted to go
into that. The United States ! One of them, as
I said on another occasion, resided in one place,
lived in another, and was born in another; but I
will not go into questions of that kind.
This is the first time 411 the history of the
country when such an issue has been made. It
is the first time that the Union of these States
nas been put in jeopardy by such an issue. The
President of the United States, standing- as he
does as trustee for all parts of this Confederacy,
has in his message attempted to rebuke this geo-
graphical array of sections; and he has used the
language of warning, as he was bound to do.
He is not only a trustee for all, but he is a sen-
tinel to maintain the Constitution of the country.
If he thought that the Constitution, or the free
institutions of America—yes, sir, the beacon
lights that were lighted up by our fathers, were
to be extinguished in this mad array of sectional
power, he would have been a traitor to his trust
if he had not told the people of the United States
that their institutions were in danger. If he
thought they were in danger it was his duty to
say so. He did think they were in danger from
these sources. I think so.
The President has said that abolition associa-
tions have been formed for the purpose of nftiking
war upon the institutions of the South. I am
told that that is denied; and the question has been
asked," How was it that Washington, Jefferson,
Madison, and all the Presidents before us, did
not notice such subjects as these ?" Why, sir,
when Washington went into power our fore-
fathers were patriots, living together, having
fought together, and they were maintaining the
common institutions of the country under the
highest obligations of good faith, without any
regard to sectional issues. The South never has
made a sectional issue; it has asked for none;
and when it was in power itself it entered into
no combinations to exclude a northern man or
make nominations exclusively from what is called
the southern section.
Now, the Senator says that freedom and sla-
very cannot exist together. Sir, he has pro-
nounced—I do not intend it in an offensive sense
personally—what would amount almost to alibel
on the character of his ancestors who put into
operation this Confederacy. Where did we ac-
quire the great principles of civil liberty which
have pervaded the American mind ? They found
a higher sanction and higher guarantees under
the influence of those who made the Constitution
than they find now. The Senator must remem-
ber that, when this Confederacy went into oper-
ation , and whileit continued in healthful operation,
it was a confederation of slaveholders. Slavery
and liberty lived together then.
Mr. WADE. The Senator will permit me to
say that I was speaking of the expansion of sla-
very into Territories; and I believe I used pretty
much the same language as Governor Adams
employed in his late message.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I maintain that a
Territory settlrd by slaveholders, and also by
persons who are even averse to holding slaves,
can be as prosperous a commonwealth as one
composed exclusively of those who own no slaves.
I say further, that every State m this Union which
has held slaves has produced as high a develop-
ment of civilization and of human character as
any free State. I shall not say to which I give
the preference. I have declared that I would use
no language of retaliation; but when you under-
take to say the institution of slnvery paralyzes the
energies of society, and extinguishes, as the gen-
tleman intimated, the lights of civilization——
Mr. WADE. I did not say one word about
that. I argued it in its political bearings, and
none other.
Mr. HUTLER. I do not see, then, why you
should object to it, if it has no deleterious effect.
If it has no very mischievous effect, why should
you be so alarmed about it? I do not want the
extension of slavery; I have never contended for
it. 1 f I had the right to rote to extend it by act
of Congress, I would not undertake to do so; I
would leave that to the choicc of those who settle
the new commonwealths.
But the gentleman says, our forefathers put
the Constitution in operation with an acknowl-
edged purpose that no slave territory should come
into the Union. He does not know the com-
mon history of the country surely, or he would
not make the declaration. Out of the Federal
Treasury we bought slave territory; we bought
Louisiana; we bought the very territory that is
likely to have more slaves than any other—we
bought Texas with slaves; and we will buy !
Cuba with slaves, and the gentleman, with all '
his theoretical notions, could not set them free.
He would own them himself, I have no doubt,
if it was his interest. [Laughter.] I dare say
he might govern them very well, f have not the
least doubt about that. I do not think he would
be a ^ worse man for it. According to his no-
tion, if we were involved in a war with Spain,
and North Carolina, Virginia, South Carolina,
and the States on the Gulf were to send their
young men to Cuba, and the soil was wet with
their blood shed in acquiring that territory, the '
northern portion would have a right to go in and |
drive out the survivors and take it. That is about j
his proposition, because he says, if it is acquired
the North will not let us own it, as that would :
be an expansion of slavery. I have never con- j
tended for the expansion of slavery by Congress !
as an element of power. But this fact, gentle-
men, must stare you in the face—that we are in
a minority, destined to be a minority continually,
and you never made war upon us until you ac-
quired the majority.
Mr. WADE. We never made war upon you
at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Now, sir, the gentleman says
he does not wish to interfere with the institution
of slavery in the States. I do not .know that he
does; but I have heard of a man who said he
would not burn another's barn, but he would set
fire all around the woods. [Laughter.] If you
are in a prairie, and there is a house in the midst
of it, you are not willing to burn the house, but
you will set fire to the grass ! These associations
have put out pamphlets which have been circu-
lated as far as they could be circulated; and that
is an attack on slavery. When was this done?
I appeal to you, when was it done?_ Not until
you acquired power. Having acquired it, you
have attempted to exercise it to some extent. I
am glad to know that there is a different opinion
in the North.
Now, gentlemen, let me ask some of you a
question. You have had associations fatal, in
my opinion, to the union of these States. I agree
with the Senator frfcm Ohio, that when the Union
shall have survived the Constitution, and be
made the instrument of sectional ascendency to
either one or the other, I would despise it as I
despise a tyrant. Constitutional liberty I will
stand by. As long as I am in this Union,under
the present Constitution, you will hear me main-
tain nothing which in my opinion is inconsistent
with the continuance of the Union on fair terms;
but the moment you acquire such an ascendency
as to elect the two chief executive officers from
the northern section to the exclusion of the
South, I can tell you what will be the result.
There will be no language of acerbity. You will
find the people settling down very quietly. I do
not think there will be any great noise. I am
opposed to attaining an end through anarchy.
I do not wish to approach anything through
anarchy and violence; and 1 believe there is too
much sense in this country to force us to go to
war when we cannot agree. Lot and Abraham
were brothers; but when they could not exactly
agree, one said to the other, " You take the left
hand, and I will take the right," and perhaps
they were better friends afterwards than they had
been before. Here, however, there is no ne-
cessity for any such attitude, if you will but
"observe the Constitution.
The Senator from Ohio has indicated another
proposition to which I shall advert. It is sub-
stantially, " We have a right to agitate as much
as we please in our section, and if the agitation
reaches yours it is not our look-out." That was
not formerly the understanding. There was no
such agitation at the beginning of this Confed-
eracy. Now, will some of the Senators on the
other side, who are in affiliation with the Aboli-
tionists and Free-Soilers, tell me who wrote an
article on this subject in the last October number
,of the Edinburgh Review? I wish some of them
to answer me.
Mr.WADE and Mr. WILSON. I do not know,
Mr. BUTLER. You have not only agitated
by your own speeches and action, but I'assert
before the American people that you have brought
into your service, either directly or indirectly,
the public press of Great Britain—your rival, and
your enemy at one time. Such an article as that
which has appeared in the Edinburgh Review
was not written in England. It has the earmark?
of having been written in this country. You
have brought into your service a foreign and rival
press to make war on your brethren, as you
sometimes call us. Was that the case at any
other time? When, in the history of this Gov-
ernment, lias any portion — I care not what—
appealed for foreign aid to put down one section
at the expense of the other? Read that article,
gentlemen. It has the earmarks of having ben
written here, and I can prove it more successfully
than it has been proved that Sir Philip Francis
was the author of Junius's letters. Come to issue
on the point, and I can prove it—-I can almost,
demonstrate it. Read the article—the most delib-
erate, the most artful, in my opinion, and tho
mostably-written article that has appeared in the
Edinburgh Review.
