1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was written by a gen-
tleman in New York. I know the author.
Mr. BUTLER. There it is. It speaks of
" our country," and the writer represents him-
self as writing in Great Britain. You have here
a fact which I intend to carry to the public, that
in the bosom of this Confederacy you hare found
a man willing to write for a British review to
make war on southerninstitutions. But you say
that is notwar on the South, because you employ
reviews to assail them. It says the North is
immeasurably superior to the South. We have
never done these things. When the President,
standing here as the sentinel on the watch-tower,
standing as a trustee sacredly bound to maintain
all the parts of this Confederacy, alarms the
American mind for the dangers that are likely to
result from such issues as these, he is denounced
in the Senate of the United States. It never
occurred before that such an issue was made.
I do not know, Mr. President, what will be the
result of things; but if events carry us to a sepa-
ration, let it not be effected in bloodshed and an-
archy; and if events do not carry us there, for
God's sake let us live on such terms as will save
our feelings. Continually, whenever war is made
it is invariably made on South Carolina. South
Carolina is always John Doe or Richard Roe in
this affair. Massachusetts sometimes takes the
other side.
The Senator has spoken of certain resolutions
offered in the Legislature of South Carolina.
There are counter resolutions, and both will be
laid on the table, and that will be the whole result.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that.
Mr. BUTLER. What right, then, have you
to intimate that certain things will be done when
you do not know what is going on in the Legis-
lature ?
Mr. WADE. I know all I say—that these
resolutions were introduced into the Legislature,
and spoken favorably of. I do not know how
they will be disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER. What the Legislature will do
I know as well as if I were there; but I am not
going to discuss the action of my Legislature. It
has a right to do what it pleases, and it is not
going to do anything wrong. When South Car-
olina makes up her mind, let me inform the
Senator you will hear very little fuss from her.
Mr. WADE. Then she has not made up her
mind lately.
Mr. BUTLER. But she will have no mind
different from others. I have endeavored to be
quiet; I believe I have made one small speech of
fifteen minutes since I was here before. I did
my share of speaking last summer in the hot
weather, and I thought I should be spared it on
this occasion.
The Senator has alluded to the message of
Governor Adams. Of course he has a right to
make what suggestions he pleases. • If the slave
trade had not been suppressed originally, what
would have been the condition of sections now ?
II is easy to see that the slave section would have
the ascendency. We all know that an article was
proposed to be inserted in the Constitution—it
was one of the articles which, at one time, passed
the Convention to some extent—that the regula-
tion of commcrcc should be decided by two thirds
of the States. Mr. George Mason had introduced
it. Some northern gentlemen came in and said,
" We are interested m trade; we are interested in
the navigating interest; and if you will strike out
that clause-requiring two thirds to regulate com-
merce, and reduce it to a majority, we, in good
faith, will pass no laws to suppress the slave trade
until 1808." There stands the compromise, and
my State and Georgia gave way. I do not say that (
thuy were an Esau, cheated out of their rights ■
by Jacob; but it was very poor policy to give up '
the regulation of commerce for the privilege of
the slave trade until 180S.
What was the effect while the slave trade was
open? Who got the profits of it? Gentlemen,
if you will give back all the money you received
from it, with interest, you can buy a very large
number of the slaves; but what would you do with
them? 1 do not know. I think you would not
know what to do with them. They got the slave j
trade, and then made the profits out of it. North-!
era morality did not interfere so much then with j
the carrying trade. They carried Africans as j
well as anybody else. I can remember the poor !
creatures, and soma of the tales they told me of
their capture.
The institution of slavery in South Carolina,
Virginia, and the other slaveholding States now,
is no more the institution it was when our fore-
fathers condemned it, than the condition of the
native African is equal to the elevated position of
this people. Our slaves, of whom you speak so
much, are intelligent workmen. Many of them
receive two and a half pounds and three pounds
of food a week, with plenty of clothing. It is
the interest of the master that they shall be
well clothed and fed. They make their little crops,
and are perfectly happy. Some of them run
away, and they have got to coming back. That
is the worst of it with those fellows. [Laugh-
ter.] They cannot stay away. They have actu-
ally got to coming back. The best fugitive slave
law is the fact that they cannot get any work or
anything to eat when they go to the I^orth, and
they come back.
1 have made these desultory remarks in no
spirit of resentment. I have asserted what is the
fact, that whilst we had power we did not use it
to your prejudice; but when you have it you use
it, as far as you can, to our prejudice. If this
shall lead to the result of electing, exclusively and
continuously, candidates from one section, I will
not undertake to say what the consequence will
be; I think it inevitable. There is a logic in
events which we cannot control. It is not worth
while to talk about it; but I believe now'that if
our relations were different from what they are,
and we were a mere friendly confederation of
confederacies, we should be better off so far as
regards discussion here. Then we should not
sit here abusing each section. Commerce would
control you and me—for I do not elevate myself
above the influences of such a policy; but as long
as you engage in such discussions here in any
way you 'choose, be it so. I believe the Senator
from Ohio has before said that he opposed slavery
on the ground of its being an element of power:
but he must see that it cannot be such an element
of power as to put in jeopardy northern institu-
tions. You know very well that there can be no
such extension of slavery as to equal the expan-
sion of the settlement of northern latitudes.
Bonaparte was a statesman; and if he could have
had tlie southern States under his imperial will,
and control the North, as he did attempt to con-
trol England through his continental system, cot-
ton would have been under our command; and I
do not think the gentleman would be able to get
a shirt. Flax is gone, and wool is nearly gone;
perhaps he might turn Roman, and wear a tvgu,
[laughter;] but he must get the cotton from us.
I have said nothing in malice, and I sit down
with these explanations.
Mr. RUSK. This is a curious and unusual
exhibition, Mr. President, for the Senate. Upon
the delivery of the President's message an elec-
tioneering debate springs up in opposition to the
motion to print it and lay it before the country.
The President is denounced in no very polite jj
terms. I shall pass by all such elegant phrase# \ ■
as "false" and "libel," applied from one coordi- 'i
nate branch of the Governmentto another; but I ;
think it is not in very good taste nor very desu1- j
able literature to put on record to be read by those j,
who come after us. It is known that this coun- ,j
try is excited from one end to the other; and the
President, if he had had no other information.! <
before him than a knowledge of the sentiments ' j
contained in the speech of the honorable Senator {
from Ohio, would* have been remiss in his duty j
and not faithful to his oath of office if he had not
warned the country against the consequences of
certain doctrines which now prevail in some
quarters. \
Before I go further, I will remark that I am 1
glad that the programme is changed from what i
it was when I was here some time ago. The '
wounds of Kansas are staunched, I suppose, for >
I have heard nothing of hef bleeding. I am
happy to perceive that there are various other 1
changes. Now, the issue on which gentlemen p
on the other side of the Chamber choose to go i
before the country is the preservation of the ,
Union. The Senator from Ohio—and I agree in '
that remark—has very well said that this'Unioii j
cannot be preserved by speeches. That is out j\
of the question. This Union must be preserved j
by two things; first, an agreement and settled I'
conviction on the minds of the people of this
country from Maine to California that it is that
sort of Union and Government which ought to-
be maintained; that it is & Government which
deserves their affections; and, in the next place,
an honest adherence to the only Union we know.
What is that? The only Union which I know
is the Constitution. I am glad that gentlemen
are so sensitive on the subject of the Union that
they are attempting to throw off on the South
the odium of desiring its dissolution. It shows
me that, during the recent canvass in the northern
States, in which they have assailed in bitter, un-
measured, Billingsgate terms, one section of the
country, they have reached a public sentiment
that shudders at the crisis of dissolving tha
Union. I am glad of it. I hope this Union never
will be dissolved; but I h<me it willjbe the Union
that was first formed. I hope it will be the
Union of the Constitution, and not the Union of
a rapacious set of politicians determined to take
possession of the patronage and power of the
Government, and to trample under foot the sacred
instrument which binds us together.
The Senator from Ohio talks about his being in
favor of the Union. He is a great Union man I
He says the principal objection he has to slavery
—and I am happy to find that he has changed his
opinions—is its political power.
Mr. WADE. I will ask the gentleman how .
he charges me with a change of opinion f
Mr. RUSK. He now says that is his" only
objection to slavery. I have heard him heretofore
denounce it in terms most outrageous.
^ Mr. WADE. I said that was the only prin-
ciple on which I discussed it here. I did not say
it was my only, or even my principal objection
to slavery as an institution.
Mr. RUSK. Perhaps the Senator did not say
bo here, but in discussion elsewhere. I heard of
his making a speech once, in which he said that
he would set his dogs on slaveholders in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. WADE. I was making a speech, and
some one said he wanted to know what 1 would
do if southern men should take their hats, and
march out of the Senate. I said I would set the
dogs on them.
Mr. RUSK. Well, sir,fortunately we are not
much afraid of dogs. If the Senator has not
changed any opinions, I am glad of it; but I hope
he will take away an expression which is offen-
sive to those of us who do not believe that
slavery is such a blot as he supposes.
He speaks of the political power of slavery to
which he objects. Let us examine his own argu-
ment for a moment. Three fifths of the slaves
are counted in making an apportionment of the
members of Congress. They are counted in
South Carolina. Suppose one fifth of them move
into Kansas; are any more counted there? No.
Then this is a mere pretext. The transition of
slaves from one^ection of the country to another
does not increase the political power of slavery
one iota. Will his constituents who read his
sneec^tobelieve that it does ? I do not suppose
that tnPy will; they cannot.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question, simply in relation to his last
point ?
Mr, RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. PESSENDEN. "If a certain portion of
the slaves of bouth Carolina be taken to Kansas,
and In consequence of it Kansas becomes a slave
State, is not the political power of slavery in the
Senate of the United States thereby increased:
Mr. RUSK. As a matter of course.
Mr. FESSEIs'DEN. Very well.
Mr. RUSK. But that is a begging of the
question, because the broad ground is put that it
is a great increase of the political power of sla-
very. That I take it, then, is a species of clap-
trap, used for the same purpose that the word
" freedom" is, to appeal to the passions of the
people in one section of the country to array them
in hostility to another.
The gentleman from Ohio said that freedom
and slavery cannot exist together. The Senator
from South Carolina, I think, answered him very
well by reference to the action of the framers of
she Constitution. When pressed on the point,
he says that his meaning is that they cannot exist
together in tha Territories. What is the distinc-
tion between ji. Stats and a Territory' in this
