82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4.
have on the floor of the Senate, but I know what
is said outside of the Senate; and we are judged
outside of the Senate as weii as in it. To be
sure, I am not disposed frequently to pay great
attention to that, unless I am compelled to do
so in self-defense. Butthere are occasions when
we-cannot help noticing these matters. We are
forced into debate as well as you. J have 110
disposition certainly (and I think, if gentlemen of
the Senate will judge me with calmness, they
will concede that I have shown no undue dis-
position) to agitate these matters here. I have
never spoken upon these suhj<*cts unless on occa-
sions when I certainly might be excused in doing
so from the necessities of my position, and the
principles I hold and mean to maintain. Yet I
deem it hardly right that, when we are forced
into these positions, and obliged to defend our-
selves by the men whom you sustain, and who
speak for you and for you alone, and never for
the section of country from which I come, wc
should at least have liberty to speak for it our-
selves, without being accused of any reasonable
want of courtesy or respect to the powers that
be.
Of the same character is his message with
regard to affairs in Kansas, and the origin and
progress of the difficulties there. Look at the
message calmly. The President assumes that
the people of this country have, by the recent
elections, settled certain general principles—all
very correct principles—such as non-interference
with slavery in the States, the equal rights of the
States, and of the citizens of the States. _ It has
been well said, that nobody here ever disputed
them; nobody pretends to dispute anything of
the kind. Yet he goes on immediately to speak
of the doctrines of the Republican party affirm-
ing the right of Congress to legislate for the Ter-
ritories, as cuntiavening those well-settled prin-
ciples which nobody disputes. Every one can
very well see that the conclusion does not follow
from the promises; that the questions are as per-
fectly distinct from each other as white is from
black, or light from darkness. They have no
similarity, no connection. Southern men may
argue, and do argue, that the consequcnces will
be the same. It is not for me to say—1 do not
wish to say in this connection, whether they will
be so or nut. But the questions themselves are
widely different; and still, throughout his mes-
sage, the President studiously .attempts to convey
the idea, that when the Republican party in the
North have undertaken to say that slavery
ought not to be extended over territory now free,
they have been contending for the right to inter-
fere with slavery in the States of the Union, and
to produce an inequality in the rights of the States,
and of the citizens of the States. That is the only
fair and reasonable inference to be drawn from
his argument. Any one can see that the whole
argument is false. I do not undertake to say
that he is false—the Senator from Texas will
mark me well—but 1 say the argument is false.
The conclusion does not, and cannot follow from
the premises. The questions are widely distinct
from each other. He avails himself of his posi-
tion to send forth to the country the impression
that the people of the United States, in deciding
this presidential election against the Republican
party, have settled against that party a right
claimed by them to interfere with the institution
of slavery in the States, and have rebuked a
desire upon their part to produce an inequality
between the free States and the slave Stares of
the Union. Is there any such thing in the creed
of the Republican party? Not at all. It can be
found nowhere—advocated nowhere by any in-
dividual or any press of the Republican party.
The President has taken pains to say, that the
people also rebuked the idea of a geographical
party. My honorable friend from South Caro-
lina—I hope lie will excusc mc for calling him
so; I hare no right to address him otherwise
than as the honorable Senator—has elaborated
the idea.
Mr. BUTLER. I assure you,*sir, I have
always been upon friendly relations with you.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know of none other
between|is; but still it is not my habit to claim
any relations between myself and other gentle-
men than such as I feel, from association, that I
am entitled to. Did the President mean, in speak-
ing of geographical parties, a party that nom-
inated its candidates for President- and Vice
President from ©ne scction of the Union alone .
Is there any man who really believes that the
nomination of the Republican candidates for Pres-
ident and Vico President from the free States, was
designed or intended as an affirmation that no
gentleman from the slave States of the Union
ought to be nominated for those offices ? Not at
all.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman is presenting
the case fairly, but I ask him to say with equal
candor whether, if, at the time this election was
going on, a slaveholder had been a candidate,
any portion of what he calls the free-State people,
would have voted for him ?
Mr. PESSENDEN. For my single self I can
say that,if a slaveholder could have been found,
of eminence in the country, who had come for-
ward and stood with us, and avowed, as I almost
understand the Senator from South Carolina to
avow, that he was opposed to the further exten-
sion of slavery over free territory 
Mr. BUTLER. I hope that will be put right.
I said that I was in what we lawyers call a state
of indifference on the subject. If slavery went to
the Territories, be it so; but if it did not go there
I would not quarrel about the matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Indifference would not
have answered uur purpose. The Senator would
not have satisfied us. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. I said that you wanted to
push it off, and that I did not want to push it on,
but let it go or not, as the people interested might
determine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc understand each
other. What I mean to say for myself is, that
if a slaveholder had been presented as a candi-
date for the Presidency who avowed, and was
ready to maintain, the sentiments of the Repub-
lican party, of opposition to the extension of
slavery over free territory, I would have voted
for him just as soon, and with as much pleasure,
as for any man of the free States, he being other-
wise unobjectionable. It would have been no
objection to me: it would have been no objection,
I venture to say, to the great Republican party
in the free States. The objection is not to slave-
holders, as such. If I could possibly believe such
a thing of gentlemen of character and manliness,
I might sometimes be tempted to suppose that
there was a settled determination to make the
people of the South believe a falsehood. We
have never maintained such doctrines as have
been imputed to us. We have never maintained
the doctrine that we had a right to interfere, or
desired to interfere, with the institution of slavery
in the States. We have never had any desire to
prevent the elevation of southern men to office.
We luive had 110 desire to engross to ourselves
the offices and the emoluments of office in this
country. No such desire has existed, and gen-
tlemen know the fact, and understand it well.
That was not the difficulty. In the convention
at which the Republican candidates were nom-
inated, was any name presented from the slave
States? Not one. For my part, I should have
been very willing to find one who entertained,
and was ready to uphold, what I believe to be
correct political opinions, and to support him for
the Presidency, either then or at any future time.
But, sir, this is a false issue which the Senator
from South Carolina makes upon us. It is not
the issue which the President desired to present;
and, allow me to say, that I think it is of too
slight a character to engage the attention of the
people of this country. The people of the North
have not been very narrow in the matter of sup-
porting candidates for office. I hope the Senator
will excuse me for mentioning South Carolina
again. [Mr. Butler. Certainly.] Butif I were
to select a State in this Union which has exhib-
ited itself in a narrow light on that subject, since
the formation of this Government, it is that same
State of South Carolina. If the Senator will take
this book [Hickey's Constitution] which liq,s on
the desk, and look over it, ho will see th'at about
half the time, since the formation of the Govern-
ment, South Carolina has refused to vote for the
regularly-nominated candidates of either party,
but has taken both its candidates for President
and Vice President from the slave States, most
generally selecting one of its own citizens for one
office, whether he had been nominated or not.
The record shows this fact. If the Senator will
examine it—it lies before him—he can satisfy
himself in a very few moments as to the truth of
niy statement. Then I say—and I say it with
all respect—the charge of narrow.and sectional
views against us comes with rather an ill grace
from the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
because' the Republican party of the North once,
and for the first time, when it could do no other-
wise when no candidate from the southern
States maintaining the principles of that party
presented himself, or was presented by his
friends, and when that party must, of necessity,
nominate men who would maintain its principles
—while South Carolina herself has set so ill an
example on that point, from the foundation of
the Government. No, sir, that is not the ques-
tion. The question which the President wished
to present is a very different one. He did not
dare, out of respect to himself, to rely on the
mere circumstance that both candidates had befin
taken from the North, because the history of the
country would have shown that there was no
foundation for the charge of sectionalism in that
alone. The Senator from Texas saw this when,
in connection with the speech made by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, he introduced the
phrase, " nominating sectional candidates upon
a sectional issue." To be sure, it is_ the issue
alone that can ffifcke a party geographical. It is
the issue, not the location of the candidates, to
which the President refers as affecting our party
with a geographical character.
Sir, you had an issue as sectional in the last
campaign as we had. You contended on your
side for the right to carry slavery, as you contend
now, under the Constitution, into the Territories
of the United States, whether free before or not.
We repelled it; we fought it; we denied it; we
endeavored to prevent it. We nominated candi-
dates whose opinions were similar to our own.
What else should we have done ? Should we go
into the camp of the enemy and nominate a man
to carry out our principles who did not agree
with us? By no means. You could come into
the free States and find a candidate whom you
relied on to carry out your views, and I suppose
he will do so, although, as has been well said,
you did not dare, or you did not think it wise—
" dare" is not a proper word, I suppose, to be
used on these occasions—to take one of the great
champions of your cause, and place him before
the people as your candidate. It was the issue,
then, that made the party sectional. Was there
not as well a geographical candidate at the South
also? Did the fact that you could find at the
North a candidate for President deprive the issue
of its sectional character; or did it make your
party any the less a geographical party? We
invited votes from all sections of this country.
We should have been happy to have "found them
in the slave States if they had chosen to give
them to us. Jt is the last thing we desired to
elect a President by the votes of the free States
alone; but if compelled to it, on an issue so vital
to our own interests, so important to us, is it to
be thrown in our face, by the President of the
United States, that we formed a geographical
party; and not only that, but formed a geograph-
ical party with a design to overthrow the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or dissolve the
Union ? I repeat, that when the President made
that charge covertly in the message which he has
sent to Congress, he made a charge which had
no foundation in fact, and is derogatory to the
true character and honor of the people who com-
pose that great party.
A word more upon that issue. The honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] has placed,
in his speech, the real issue before the people in
its true character and in plain words. I am glad
he has done so; and I must be allowed to say,
with my friend from Ohio, that if that issue had
been presented to the people of the free States,
and avowed by those who supported the same
candidates whom you supported, and who were
successful, I do not believe there is a free State
in this Union in which the Democratic party
would have left a trace of its existence. In my
State it was said, over and over again, by the
leading men who advocated the election of* Air.
Buchanan, that there was no difference between
the two parties with reference to die extension
of slavery over free territory. They claimed to
be as strong and as firm on that subject, and m
