1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
or will any other man, contemplate that State,
and compare her with the State of Pennsylvania,
which lies alongside of her, and look at her pres-
ent and her past. If we refer to revolutionary
times, we shall find that the State of Virginia,
which has a territory almost equal to the territory
of all New England in square miles at the present
day, or but little short of it, had in those days a
population about equal to that of all NewEngland.
She had a larger commerce and greater agricul-
tural power. She was greater than all, stronger
than all, though the institution of slavery then
existed in New England in fact, but in a much
less degree than in Virginia.
What is Virginia now, compared with those
States, in wealth, strength, and power alone?
—and I speak only of these. Her free white
population, if I remember rightly, is less than
a million; the population of New England is
something like two million seven hundred thou-
sand or two million eight hundred thousand.
What is her commerce ? I refer the Senator to
the description given of her commerce by the
present Governor of Virginia—it has taken to
itself wings and flown away. What is her agri-
culture? Does it compare, rich as she is in native
resources, with the agricultural productions of
even New England, barren and sterile as she is
described to be? What is she in any particular—
I mean as a powerful State ? What is she in any-
thing, except in the patriotism, learning, and
ability of her sons?—for there I do not pretend
toquestion her equality; but in all else,in popu-
lation, in commerce, and manufactures, even in
agriculture—in everything that tends to make a
great and strong State—how does she compare
with New England ? What has done this 5 I
believe — we believe at the North, that Virginia,
with hergreater natural advantages, with her water
power, which is unequaled, with her soil, which
is unsurpassed, with the mines that are in her
bosom—everything that could make a State great
and powerful—would not be what she is but for
the institution which she has so loved and cher-
ished.
In looking at a paper which came to me this
morning, I met with an extract, which I will take
the liberty to read, not with any invidious feeling.
I do not know but that the Senator from Vir-
finia can inform me whether it is correct or not.
t professes to be an extract from a speech of a
Mr. Marshall, who is described as a son of the
late Chief Justice Marshall, delivered in the
House of Delegates of the State of Virginia in
the year 1832:
" Slavery is ruinous to the whites—retards improvement—
roots out industrious population—banishes the yeomanry
of the country—deprives the spinner, the weaver, the
smith, the shoemaker, the carpcnter, of employment and
support. This evil admits of no remedy—it is increasing,
and will continue to ineiease, until*the whole country ivUl
be inundated with one black wave covering its whole
extent, with a few white faces here and there floating on
the surface. The master has no capital but what is vested
in human flesh—the father, in-tead of being richer for his
sons, is at a loss how to provide for them; there is no
diversity of occupations, no incentives to enterprise. Labor
of every spccies is disreputable, because performed mostly
by slaves. Our towns aie stationary, our villages almost
eveiywhere declining, and the gcncial aspect of the country
marks the curse of a wasteful, idle, rcckless population,
wiio have no interest in the soil, and care not how much
it is impoverished.
"Public improvements are neglected, and the entire
continent does not present a regioli for which nature has
done so much and art so little. "If cultivated by free labor,
the soil of Virginia is capable of Mistaimng a vast popula-
tion, among whom labor would be honorable, and where
' the busy hum of men' would tell that all were liappv and
all were fiee."
Mr. COLLAMER. I have the whole speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should have finished
what 1 had to say long ago if honorable Senatois
had not put so many troublesome questions to
me, I answer the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware thus: wo are States, but we are a nation;
we are a people, yet a linked people. What is
interesting to one ought to be interesting to all.
What strengthens a part of this great country
strengthens the whole. What weakens a part
weakens the whole. What diminishcsthepover
of one section diminishes the power of the whole
country, directly, necessarily, inevitably. What
strengthens a part has the same effect upon the
whole country. I have been surprised to hear
gentlemen from the South ask us, " Whydoyou
have the. impertinence to interfere with this ques-
tion? What is it to you? Why not let us alone
to manage this matter, which is a matter solely
of our own concern t" So it is a matter of your
concern in the States where this institution exists.
We have agreed that it should be; and I say to
you that for one I am opposed, and always have
so expressed myself, to interfering with that ques-
tion among you hi the slave States at all, directly
or indirectly; for what I have no right to do
directly I have no right to do indirectly. But
when it comes to the question, whether an insti-
tution which has produced such effects, which is
so enfeebling, necessarily, to the great whole of
which I am a part, and of which my State is a
part, and which has produced the blighting effects
there stated, shall be extended over a Territory
vast as all the territory which now goes to make
up the States of this union, and this black wave
shall be left to sweep over it, carrying with it'
effects .so blighting, it becomes not only my right,
but my solemn duty, to stand here and protest
against it, and to go before my constituents, and
before the world, wherever and whenever I can,
and protest and act against a result which 1 be-
lieve will be attended with such enormous evils.
That is my answer to the question which is put!
to me—how our rights and our institutions are !
to be interfered with by allowing this Govern- j
ment to permit the extension of slavery over |
Territory which is now free, and which ought j
to be left free ? j
Mr. President, one word more. I do not look j
upon this question as a question of States. The 1;
States, as political corporations, have no direct ji
interest in the Territories. I do not recognize |[
the State of Virginia, or the State of Texas, as a I
State, as having a particle of interest in them; \\
nor the State of Maine, nor the State of Massa- jj
chusetts, nor New York, nor any other free l!
State. It is a question with the people of the jj
United States. One has just as much interest'j
and right as another has. When you come here ||
and talk to us about the institution of slavery as j
connected with your States, and say it js a ques- j
tion between fifteen States and sixteen States, i '<
ask, is there no institution in the fifteen States ,
composing the South except the institution of ,!
slavery? Is that all which goes to makeup these *'
great empires, as they are in the matter of extent ;
to say the least, and should be in the matter of <
power. You talk to us here as if there were ■
nothing else in the South but slavery. I cannot |
put out of sight the results of the census. Of ;
all the slaveholders in the Union, properly such, ■
there are less than five hundred thousand; and, in-
cluding their wives and children, and all connected .
with them, they form certainly a decided minority j
of the white free people of the slave States them- 1
selves. Are these free white people ever repre- ■
sented here? You say you represent them; but .
what I am remarking is, that slavery alone does ;
not constitute all the South. There are other men j
than those who own slaves, or are interested in [
slaves; and for their benefit, as well as ours, I I
would open these Territories tc freedom, and !
hold them consecrated to freedom forever. j
But for the fact that it might seem invidious j
and unkind, I would allude to and read extracts j
from southern writers themsehes, showing the S
effect of slavery upon a very large portion of the :
white population of the slave States. You know j
the fact as well as I do, and better than 1 do, for
vou have been eye and ear witnesses. But what .
t wish to say to you is, that when you speak ;
upon this subject,'and of your rights in regard
to it, do not talk of the rights of the States, for
there is no State that has any risrht whatever, as .j
such, in this connection. U is a question affect-
ing all the people of the free States and all the
people of the slave States, and as much the
people of slave States who do not own slaves as
of the people of those Slates who do own slaves,
although we never hear a voice raised within ,
these walls from that section except m support '
of the institution, and almost universally m favor
of its extension, Sir, I look upon our view of
this question as one quite as interesting to the ,
people of the slave States as to those of the free
States of the Union. 1 know it is a question of
political power; but it i« notaquestion of political
power between fifteen slave States and sixuou
free States. It is a question of political power
between the half million of people who own
slaves, and all the rest of the free people of the
Union, amounting perhaps to twenty-live mil- j
lions in the present day. There is the question; J
and when Senators attempt to limit it as they do,
by describing it and claiming it before the people
as a matter between one great class of States and
another great class of States, I beg leave to say
it is not so. The political power, if it Comes,
and if the Senate of the United States is to pass
into the hands of those gentlemen, goes not into
the hands of the great mass of free people inhab-
iting the slave States of this Union, but into the
hands of a class, a small class—however respect-
able, however upright, however patriotic they
may be-—and I give them, in these particulars, all
the credit that I arrogate or claim for my own
section of the country. The fact stands out in
bold relief, and cannot be denied, that when this
political power—a power to control the legislation
of this country by a veto, ui one body at ieast—
passes into the hands of th*lave States, accord-
ing to your definition, it passes into the hands of
less than half a million of m^n, who can control
the interests of all the rest of the free people of
the Union together.
That is the simple truth. It is what we con-
tend against. As I said to the Senate before, I
have contended against it. I have struggled to
prevent the extension of slavery over the free
territory of this country. I have struggled to
prevent it by endeavoring to prevail on the Gen-
eral Government to exercise its powers to keep
the Territories free from slavery. I may fail;
we mayall fail, but our purpose is fixed and firm.
I notify gentlemen that no threats of a dissolu-
tion of the Union in case we elect this man or
that man—no threat of any kind which they can
utter, will turn us. or at least will turn rue, from*
that purpose which I have announced heretofore,
and which I now announce again.
Mr. CASS. I have found the colloquy between
the honorable Senator from Maine and myself,
to which he has alluded. I will read it without
making a single comment. During his remarks
on March 3, 1854, he said:
The Senator from Michigan ha< given us an argument
on the subject of this constitutional power of Congress to
prohibit slavery in the new Territories."
Then comes the interruption:
Mr. Cass. Do you find it in the Constitution ?
•''Mr. Fessenden* Suppose I do not; does it exist,or
does it not exist ?
Mr. Cass. It gives you no power.
"Mr. Ffssenden. Is there such a thing as sovereignty
recognized by the peopie r
Mr. Cass. I will state to the Senator that it gives you
no kind of power. Vou are sovereign in relations to other
nations. When you want to know what you may do, you
mav consult (ho laws of nations to ascertain; but as to who
i> to do it. and how it 1? to be done, you must look to the
Constitution; and if you do not find it there, it is with the
people.
•'* Mr. Fessekden. I acknowledge the very high authority
of the honorable Senator; but 1 want to ask again, and
gentlemen may answer it or not, whether there is or is not
such a thing as sovereignty, the power to command, and the
power to make law?5 It "strike- me That theie is Well, if
such a thing exited over this territory beloie it was ceded
bv France, if it did exist there when The territory was ceded
to the United Suk - of Amem a. did or did not the sover-
M<mry pas- with ternturj : It ceased m France. Did it
b-.eome extinct, or did u live and pas? to the United States- -
It it parsed to me United States, it passed to thr people ox"
the United States Sovereignty—what is not granted by Um
Con-tnunon— is m the people. All sovereigns with us u-
in the people. Tfiey parted with none, csctpt m the form
of the Constitution. if it existed in the people, to whom
do the people delegate that sovereignty r How do they
exercise that sovereignty: Why. sir. they delegate it to
the officers of the Constitution", whom the Constitution
uiadf—to the Coiure-- of the United States and mo Presi-
dent of the United Siate*. What sovereignty they may
ha\e, so far as the} did act upon the subject, was delegated
lo theConsre-*. of Hit United States. Is not this pirtieular
subji ct provuh-d for in the Constitution ; Is nothing said
about the Terruone- m the Constitution r Do w e not fmd
them mentioned there ? I believe we do. I Umik v\e find
it said that Cuuare>s shall have the power to make all
needful rules and regulations regarding the Territories.
** Mr. Cass.  .Territorv or other property.'
'• Mr. Fcssevden*. I know that it is • territory or other
property.'
-Mr. Cass. Not * Territories.*
-Mr. Fcxksden. Well, the armory of the Limed
Sute>; because at that time there was but one Territory.
But • Termors' a central term. It means jast as emeu as
if it w a-* m the plural, and said s Territories.5 , „
- Mr. Weli kk. Doe- not tie1 Senator regard the decision
of tiie Supreme Coutt of the United States* .
- Mr. Fkj^svdes. Undoubtedly ; we are bound always
b\ tho<e deeiMons. thougn on one side I sometimes find
tiiev are of verv imle authority: but we wiH not dispute
about that, i am not about to cite cases. I sPe'
of what the Constitution provides: and it declares thai
Congress shall have power to dispose of and inakc ail
needful rules and regulations respecstms the Territories or
otht-r projwrtv belonging to the United teiates.
•'Mr.Waller. Territory.
" Mr. Fesse.npen*. Well, territory. It makes no differ-
