38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Mr. PHELPS. As the House does not appear
to be full to-day, I move that th#re be a call of
the House; and we may as well take the ques-
tion by yeas and nays.
Mr. BARCLAY. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. BARCLAY. T ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution which
I suppose will be satisfactory to gentlemen on
both sides.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the further consideration of tin? question
now befor« the Ilou-^e, in relation to the feat of the gentle-
man claiming to be the Delegate elect from the Temtoiy
of Kansas, be, and is hereby, postponed until every mem-
ber of the Hoube shall be in ins seat.
Mr. WALKER and others objected.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 renew my motion that there
be a call of the House, and upon it I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.ORR. 1 desire very much that the motion
for a call of the House shall prevail, and that, if
it does, we shall take some steps to secure the
attendance of absent members. It is too bad,
that more than two hundred members should be
kept here and unable to do business in conse-
quence of the absonce of some fifteen or twenty
members.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 97, nays 105; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akors, Allen, Ball, Barktulale,
Bell, Hundley S.Bennett, Uoeock, Howie, Uoyce,Rranch,
Brooks, Broom, Oa<hvulud'ir, Carlile, C'aiuther*, Caakie,
Chngnuui, Tlowell Cobb, W. It. W. Cobb, Co\, (.'tawlbrd,
Culhm, Jacob 0. Davis, Denver, DovvdeJI, F.dmutn^on,
Etherklge, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Croode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Hams, Sampson
W. Harris, ThomaaL. (iurn«, Herbert, Hickman, Houston,
Jewett, George \V. Jones, J. (Jlaney Jones, Kent, Kelly,
Kennelt, Kidvveil, King, Lake, Leiier, Letcher, Lnidley,
JLurnpkm, Alexander K. .Mar-ball, llumpbiey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulbn, McUneen,
Million, Monism, Oir, Packer. Paim*, Peck, Pliclps,
Porter, Powell, Uumnan, Klc.iud, Kiwis, Kulfin, San-
didgc, Savage, Sliortcr, Samuel A Smith, William Smith,
W-lham It. Smith, Snecd, Stepheus, Stewaii. Talbott,
Taylor, TnppJ','fyson, Lnderwood, Vail, Walker. Wai-
ner, Wutkins, Weils, Williams, Window, John V. Wiii>hf,
and Znllicofier—97.
NAVS — Albright, AllNon, Barbour, Barclay,
flemy Bennett, Benson, BiJ!in«hur--r, Bingham, Hislioj),
Bliss, Bradsbaw, Bicnton. liutlinton, Jame^ 11 Campbell,
Lewis I). Campbell, Chalice, Kayaid Clatko, KziaClaik,
CJiawson, Collax, Comnis, Covode, Cragin, Cumback.Tuno-
thy DuvK Day, (>< an, l)e Witt, Dick, Dodd, i>in lee, Kdir,
Emne, Fla«lei, <iall(nvay,<>iddings, Gilbert,(Jiangcr, (*tow,
Itobeit B. JIajl, Harlan, Harrison, Hummi, Hodges, lloll-
man, Hollowuv, K. Hotton, Valennne If. llorton,
Howard, Kclsey, Jvriapp, Knight, Knowtton, Kno\, Knu
kel, Maoc, Matteson. JNh'Carfy, iviiban Miller, Smith Mil-
ler, Moore,Morgan, Mornll, Mou, Muuay, iVichols, Noiton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pear< e, Pennington. IN n \, Pcttit,
Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Puiyear, Ritchie, Bobbins. Hub-
erts, Sabm, Sapp, Scott., Sherman, Simmons, Spninei,
titautun, rftranab.m, Tappan, Tbormgton, Tluu.-ion, Tiai-
ton, Valk, W.uie, Wakeman, Walbrtdge, Waldion, Cad
walader 0. Washbume, Kllihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodiuif, and Wood-
worth—J05.
So the House refused to order a call.
Pending the call,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, stated that
Mr. Buuungame had paired olf with Mr. Dams,
of Maryland.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. 1 move that the Pres-
ident's message, which has been sent to us, be
taken from the Speaker's table and read.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Well, sir, notwith-
standing the objection of the gentleman, I con-
sider that it is the constitutional right of a
member of this House to have the message read;
and my constitutional right cannot be wrested
from me by a question of privilege which relates
to a Delegate from a Territory, who has no vote,
who is not a member, who occupies a seat here ex
gratia, and who is a creature of the statute only.
The President of the United States has a right to
communicate to the House of Representatives in
writing; and I have the correlative constitutional
right, as a member of this body, to hear that
communication.
Mr. RITCHIE. Is this matter debatable?
The SPEAKER. There hag been no decision
upon the question. It is not debatable.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I merely suggest to the
Chair the thoughts which run through my mind
upon the subject.
Mr. RITCHIE. I submit to the gentleman,
and those who are acting with him, that they can
hear the message read, if they will only allow a
vote to be taken upon this question.
The SPEAKER, it is the opinion of the
Chair that the message cannot, under the rules of
the House, be taker> from the Speaker's table
until after the decision of the question which is
before the House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and I believe the appeal is
debatable.
Mr. RITCHIE. If it is debatable, the debate
must be limited to the question of order upon
which the appeal is taken.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I shall confine myself
within the rules of order governing the matter.
I do not believe that the decision of the Chair is
correct, for the simple reason that it violates my
constitutional rights. In the session of 1850-51,
when the question was raised here as to the
rights of a Delegate from a Territory upon this
floor, a gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Burt,
then temporarily in the chair, decided that a Del-
egate from a Territory had 110 right at all to make
a motion upon this floor.
Mr. GROW. Is the gentleman not discussing
the merits of the appeal?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I am astonished at the
gentleman. I consider myself as clearly within
the rules of order. My appeal rests upon the
ground that the decision of the Chair violates my
constitutional privilege, and as a matter of course
I am in order in endeavoring to reach the ground
of the decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion relates to priority of business. If it be so,
it must be decided without debate; and of course
the appeal from the decision of the Chair must
be decided by the same rule, and of course with-
out debate. The Chair is of opinion that it is a
question relating to priority of business.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The point I present
relates to my constitutional privilege, as a mem-
ber of this House, to hear and to have read the
President's message which has been communi-
cated to this House; and, as I understand the
decision of the Chair, my question of privilege
cannot now be4 made, because another question of
privilege is pending. My ground is, that it is not
a question of privilege which can come in contact
with mine, because the subject to which it relates
is a cieature of statute, that he is not a member of
this House, that he holds las place cx gratia, and
cannot raise a question of debate in the House
which can get inside of, or oust my constitutional
privilege as a mrmbei.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. A question relating to the privilege of
a Delegate elect from one of the Territories being
before the House, the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. H. Marsha:,1.] calls for the reading of the
President's message. I11 the opinion of the Chair
it is a question relating to priority of business
which is submitted, and the Chair rules it out of
Older, as being in conflict with the question of
privilege before the House. And when the gen-
! tleman from Kentucky takes an appeal, that '
] appeal must bo decided under the rule relating to
the priority of business—the 113th rule—which
states that all questions relating to the priority of
business to be acted on must be decided without
debate. It is certainly a question for the House
to decide what class of business it will proceed
with; and that question must be decided, under 1
the positive rule of the House, without debate. '
The appeal must follow the same rule.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would respectfully '
suggest to the Chair that, by that decision, the
Chair misstates my question, and puts it on
another ground than that on which I put it. I
presently question as one of constitutional priv-
ilege^ The Chair decides that it is a question of
priority of business, and refuses to decide my .
question of constitutional privilege.
lhe SPEAKER. The Chair does not decide '
the question presented by the gentleman from '
Kentucky. That is for the House to decide. <'
The Chair only decides the manner in which the '■
Chair reaches his decision. !;
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Exactly; but the effect!!
of the decision of lhe Chair is to refuse me per- '
mission to make a question of constitutional priv- |
liege. The Chair declares that it is going to
decide on a question of priority of business, and
that my question of constitutional privilege may
arise when I can get a chance. If the Chair
adheres to its decision, that the appeal is to be
decided without debate, I will appeal from that
decision, if an appeal can be laid upon an appeal.
Mr. RITCHIE. I presume, Mr. Speaker, that
all the business which we do here is done by
virtue of the Constitution, and that every man
who has business to do here under the Constitu-
tion has as much right to a constitutional ques-
tion of privilege as the gentleman from Kentucky
has.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would respectfully
inquire whether thatis apoint of order, or merely
an interruption ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr.H. MARSHALL. As a matter of course,
if I can appeal from the decision of the Chair,
I will do it.
The SPEAKER. There is already one appeal
pending before the House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Well, then, I respect-
fully ask the Chair how we are to have a vote ?
Is your opinion conclusive ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Very well; but if the
Chair is right in its view, then, without grace, 1
have a right to demand a vote.
Mr. GROW. I raise a point of order upon
the gentleman that debate is not in order.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I submit my views
most respectfully to the Chair. The Chair decides
that my appeal is to be decided without debate.
I am of a contrary opinion. I believe it is de-
batable. I have an appeal pending. The Chair
decides that the question must go without debate.
If the Chair be correct, then the Chair's opinion
is conclusive, and there is no appeal from it. I
have no opportunity to test the soundness of the
Chair's decision. The Chair says he will sub-
mit it to the House 
Mr. RITCHIE. I rise to a question of order,
and insist on business proceeding in order. The
gentleman from Kentucky has been ruled out of
order by the Chair, and debate has been decided
to be out of order. I now insist on the action of
the House.
The SPEAKER. It is an established rule
that one appeal cannot be taken on another ap-
peal; that appeals cannot be multiplied. The
Chair thinks that a second appeal cannot be
taken until the first one be disposed of. If the
House sustain the opinion of the gentleman from
Kentucky he will have an opportunity to debate
the question of the President's message.
Mr. WASHBURJfE, of Illinois. 1 understand
the question now to be on the appeal of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. No. If I could get
along through a sentence or two without inter-
ruption, I could explain.
The SPEAKER. The question is 011 the ap-
peal of the gentleman from Kentucky from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the appeal do lie upon the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. With the permission
of the gentleman from Illinois, and with the sanc-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ritchie,] I would like to state exactly the view
which I take of it, without going into debate,
and confining myself to two minutes.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object, and desire to have
a vote.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, The gentleman from
Illinois, as I understand, submits a motion. I
have not yielded the floor, and I have a right to
it. I was interrupted in my remarks by a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. That is correct. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky had not yielded the Hour,
and the gentleman from Illinois was not properly
entitled to it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want nothing here
which I have not a right to. I made a motion
involving, in my opinion, a question of constitu-
tional privilege. The Chair decides that that
motion cannot be made, but presents a ouestion
of the priority of business. I take an appeal
from that decision, in order that I may <ret at my
question. The Chair decides that the appeal must
be decided without debate. I take an appeal from
