1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30
that decision. The Chair says that an appeal
cannot pend on an appeal. The effeetis, to make
the Chair's decision—that there shall be no de-
bate—conclusive on the House without an oppor-
tunity to vote upon it.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Kentucky
is now debating the question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania raise a point of order <
Mr. GROW. Yes.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then make it.
Mr. GROW. I waited till the gentleman from
Kentucky had stated his point, as he had a. right
to do. Now he reasons on the effect of the Chair s
decision, which he has no right to do.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is that the gentleman s
point of order?
Mr. GROW. It is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken, that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky cannot, under the decision of the Chair,
debate the question. A second appeal cannot be
taken until the first appeal be decided. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky will see that he cannot
multiply appeals.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I take my seat, as the
rules require.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky having been called to order was, under the
rules of the House, required to take his seat until >
the question raised was disposed of. He has j
then the liberty to proceed in order, and if he has
not finished stating the point of order on which
the appeal is taken, I suppose he is still entitled I
to the floor, and that the gentleman from Illinois
cannot take it to make his motion. I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- ;
tucky took his seat voluntarily, and was not j
required by the Chair to do so. j
Mr. PHELPS. No; but the rules required it. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the J
gentleman from Kentucky to surrender the floor ;
voluntarily. . j
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I suggest to the Chair, |
that when I obey the rules the Chair has no right ;
to deduct any inference, except that I am acting ;
in obedience to the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman took his seat, j
slid the gentleman from Illinois took the floor,
and moved that the appeal do lie upon the
table.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of very emi-
nent privilege. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE, I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next; and on that I call for tellers.
Mr. isAGE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COVODE. Has not that question been
decided to-day already?
The SPEAKER. It has been submitted to the
House before.
The question was taken; and decided in the
negative—yeas 84, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Alters. Allen, Barksdale. Boll,
Bishop, Roeock, Bowie, £oyce, Branch. Brooks. Burnett.
CacUvalailer, John !'. Campbell, Camthei;. Clmgmaii,
jlowHI Cobb, Cragm. Crawford, Jacob C. Davis, Denver,
lie U'lft, Dowdell, Edinnndson, Elliott, Faulkner. Flor-
ence, Foster, Garnett, Goode, Gieenwood. Sampson tV.
Harris, Thomas L. Harm, Harrison. Herbert, Iheknmn,
Houston, Jewett. George W. Jones, Kell\, Kennett. Kid-
well, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin. Mace. Alexander
K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, M'-Mnllm,
McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Millwllld, Orr, Backer, Pennuip-
ton, l'liolps, Porter, Powell, Ciuilmaii, Read}. Rieau.l,
ltiveiN, linltin, Sandidge, Savage, Shortei, painuel A
Smith, William Plinth, Sliced, Stephens, Slew art. Talhott,
Ta\ lor, Tnppe, T\sOil, Walker, Warner, IVatkms, Wheel-
er,'Willslow. John V. Wright, and Zollicoffei—81.
NAYS—.Messi=. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour. Bat-
Stanton, Stranalian, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Underwood, Vail, Valk. Wade. Wakeroan, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwaiader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Warhburae, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Whitney,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworlh-—119,
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Okr, that the House do adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask leave of the I
House to take up the resolution on the table re-1
lating to the drawing of seats. We certainly;
ought to do something the first week of the ses- j
sion—at least we ought to find out where we are
to sit.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 95; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Rrooks,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwaiader, John P. Campbell. Caskie,
Clingiaan, Howell Cobb, Williamson E. W. Cobb, Cox,
Crawford, Cullen, Jacob C. Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Edie,
Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, English, {Ivans, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.
Mornson Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Harrison, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Hughston, George
W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidweil, Lake,
Leiter, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeCarty, Me
Mullin, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millward,
Orr, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quitman, Keady,
Rivers, Ituflin, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith. William Smith, WilliamR. Smith, Sneed, Stephen
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to withdraw his motion until
I can ask consent to submit a resolution to refer
the annual estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, then asked unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion; whichVas read for information:
Resolved. Thai the estimates of appropriation required
, for the service of the, fiscal year ending the 30tlt day of
) June, 1858, and transmitted to the Speaker of the House
| of Representatives, agreeably to the joint resolution of Con
ress, approved February 7, 1346, be referred to the Com
gress,
j mittee of Ways and Means.'
1 Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the
j gentleman from Ohio tell us where those esti-
• mates are. I have not seen a copy of them. The
resolution of 184G requires that they shall be laid
'< upon- our desks at the commencement of the
i session.
! Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
: will send to the document-room he will obtain
! one.
Mr. HOUSTON. The law requires that they
should be distributed to members.
Mr. GROW. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I renew my motion, and
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 99;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken. Akers, Allen, Bark,-dale, BeB,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Broom. Burnett, John I'. Campbell, Caillle, Car
- , uthers, Chngmati, Williamson It W. Cobb. Cox, Orawfoid,
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben- \ j[eIirv Winter Davi!-. Denver. Dowdell.Edmund-oil, Eng-
nett, Benson, Billingliurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bren- j )lslk Etberidge. "Euati®, Faulkner. Florence. Tiioma- J. D
ton, Buffintoii, James H. Campbell.Chatlee, DayardClarke, ,: puiier, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Conims, Covode, Cragm, ; \jornson Harris, Tliomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman,
Cumbaek, Timothy Davis, Bay, Bean, De \\iu,^lhek, j; houston, Jewett. George tV.Jone-.,.!. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Stewart, Talhott, Tavior, Thorington, Trippe, Tyson, Un-
derwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner. Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams. Winslovv, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—99.
Dodd, Eihrie, Etlieridge, Flakier, Thomas J. D. Fuller
! GalIowav,Giddmgs,Gran er,Grow.RobenB.Hall,Hd\en, 1
I Ilod°es,'Hollowav, Thomas R. Hortoil, Valentine B. Hor- '
: ton, Howard. Kekev, King. Knapp, Kniglit, Knnwlton, >
; Knox, Kunkel. Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Morgan. ;
I Morrill, Mott, Murrav, Nichob, Norton, Andrew Oliver. -
Parker, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike. Pringle, Purviance,
: Purvear, Ric.iud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabm, Sage,
I Snpp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stran
j ahan, Tappan, Thurston. Todd. Tiafton. Wade, Wake
! man, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwaiader C. Washburne.
I Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
! Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—95.
| The House accordingly (at two o'clock and
j thirty minutes) adjourne'd until to-morrow, at
! twelve o'clock, m.
Kelly. Kennett; Kidweil. Lake. Letcher. Lindley, Lump-
kin, "Alexander K. Marshall. Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Manwell, McMullm, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Mill-on, Morrison, Mordecai Onver, Orr. Packer, Paine,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell. Purjear, Quitman. Ready,
Kicaud. Rivers. Kuffin. Rust, SandidTC. Savage. Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith. William Smith, Sjieej Stephen;. Stew-
Clarke, Ezra CI.uk, Claw-on, Williamson R. W.Cobb,
Colfax, Crainns, Covode, t'ox, Cumbaek, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, Hick, Dodd, Dlirlee, Edie. Eimic, English,
Etlieridge, Flagler. Gallowat, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Giow, Robert 15. Hall, llallan. Haven, Iloilses, Ilofimaii,
Ilolloway, Tliom.i-.lt. Horton, Valentino B. lloiton, How-
aid, Hualiston, Kelsey, King, Knapp. Knight, Kuowltou,
Knox. Kunkel, Leilcr, Humphrey Marshall, Maiteson,
McCa'rtv, Smith Miller, Millsou, Morgan, Mori ill. Morrison,
Mott. Murine, Niellols, Noitoli, Andrew Olner. Paine,
Paiker, Pearee, Pelton, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance,
Put year. Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage. Sapp,
Scolt, Sherman, Summons, William R. Smith. Spinner,
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. I
| Friday, December 5, 1856. i
! The House met at twelve o'clock, m. I
! TheJournalofyesterdaywasreadaudapproved. I
1 The SPEAKER stated that the first business j
; in order was the consideration of an appeal taken j
! by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H. Mar- I
shall] to the ruling of the Chair yesterday,
j Mr. AKERS. 1 desire to ask the unanimous
j consent of the House to take from the speaker s
table the resolution in relation to the drawing: of
seats; and m connection with that request I wish
to make one remark.
• Mr. GROW. 1 very much dislike to make a
point of order upon the gentleman from Missouri;
but as I have heretofore objected to everything
out of order, I must insist upon the regular order
of business.
Mr. AKERS. My case is a peculiar one. I
i have no seat in the House, and never had one.
• Mr. CROW. My position is as irood as to
have no seat, and I must insist upon the point of
i order.
Mr. PHELPS. The question pending;, as 1
, understand, is upon the appeal taken by the gon-
: tleman from Kentucky ytsterday from the de-
: cision of the Chair. 1 bo(>c the gentleman who
; submitted the appeal will ask leave to withdraw
I it. I desire to have a vole taken to-day upon the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
j' table; but preliminary to that I desire to submit
| amotion that there be a call of the House. I
!j wish that to be made a test question; for if there
! be a majouty in favor of a call of the House, that
! majority can immediately dispense with all pro-
| ceedings under the call. I make the motion
I) merely to gnu time to those members who are in
!i the city, and not in their seals, to arrive
coffer—100. _
NAYS—Messrs. Albright- Allison. Bali. Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Bonbon. Biliin^itnirst, Bmshani, Bishop,
Brad&haw, Brentou. Bufiinton. Burlmgame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell. Cliatree, Ezra Clark,
dawson. Colfax. Comms, Ciaiin, Cumbaek, Timothy
Davis, Day. Dear., De Witt, Dick, Dotld. Edwards, Flagler,
Gallowav.' Giddmes. Granger, Grow, Hobert B. Hall, Har-
rison, IIaven. Hodges. Hollotvay, Thorns IJ« if or ton,
Valentine B. Horton. Howard. Iluirhstoi!. Kelsey. Knapp,
Kmaht. Knowltoi* Knox. Kunkel. Leiter. Mace. Matteson,
McCartv. Kiihan Miller, Millward, Morgan. Morrill, Mott,
Murrav! N'iehols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker^ Pelton,
Penninnon. Fetrv, Pettit. Pike. Pringle. Pumance.. Ritchie,
Itobbi«>, Roberts, liobison, Sabm. Sase, b^pp. *eott,
Siiennnn, Spinner. Strauahan. Tapi-au, Tliorington,
Thurston. Trafton. Wade, Wakeman. Walbndge, Wal-
dron. Cadwaiader C\ Wa-iibum?, Eihhu B. Washburne,
Israel Wa^-iibuni. Y\ nt ou. W oI-'Ij. Wf)od. W ootirun.and
\Vood\vorti — S9.
So a eall of the House was ordered.
Mr. STEPHEXS. Before the call is com-
menced I desire to move that the annual estimates
of expenditure, prepared by the Secretary, and
laid upon our desks, be bound for the use of the
members of the House.
Mr. CAIIPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to amend his motion by adding, that they
shall be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Ml. STEFHENS. I have no objection to
that, and amend my motion accordingly.
Toe motion was agreed to.
Mr. MATTESOX. I hope there will be no
objection now to taking up the resolution in
1 reference to the drawing: of seats.
. Mr. KEITT. 1 object.
, Mr. M.YTTESOX. Then 1 move that the
House adjourn: and upon the motion I demand
the yeas and nays. ,
M'r. JONES, of Tennessee. i move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Alon-
ikivnext. j
Mr. FLAGLER. I call for the yeas and nays
1 upon that motion.
, The veas and nays were ordered,
' The question was taken; and it was decided
, in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 10a; asfohows:
' Belh'llcnry Benmtt, BiJliugliuisI. Bibiiop, Bowie, Uiauch,
-yeas J
- Messrs. Mknu Aim, Allen, Ball, Barbour,
