40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Br6oks, Broom, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Carathers, Bayard Clarke, Chngman, Colfax,
Comins, Cragin, Cumback, Denver, De wilt, Edie, Ed-
mundson,' Elliott, JBustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Foster. Gilbert, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morri-
son Harns, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harri-
BOit, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Hughston,
Jewettj George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kulwell,
King, Lake, Letcher, Lindiey, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Killian
Miller, Millward, Moore, Morrison, Mott, Hichols, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Phelps, Powell, Quit-
man, Beady, Ricaud, Ritchie, Kobbins, Robison, Ruflin,
Rust, Sandidge? Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Stephens, Stranahan, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,
Tyson, Vail, Vaik, Wakeman, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Wood, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoffer—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barclay, Barksdale, Hendley
B. Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Brad-
ehaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Buriingame, Burnett, Jaines H.
Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Chaifee, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Williamson K. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfec, Edwards, Em-
rie, English, Etheridge, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway,
Garnett, Giddings, Goode, Granger, Grow, Robert H. Hail,
Harlan, Haven, Hodges, Holloway, Thouias R. Ilorton,
"Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, J. Glancy Jones, Kelsey,
Knapp,' Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Hum-
phrey Marshall, McCarty, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan,
Morrill, Murray, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Paine, Parker, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance,
Puryear, Rivers, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, Simmons, William R, Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stew-
art, Swope, Tappan, Thoiington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
eon, Welch, Wheeler, Woodruff, and Woodwoitli—105.
So the House agreed to adjourn over.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Mr. MACE stated that he had paired off for
tlio day,with Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
The question recurring upon the motion to
adjourn,
Mr. MATTESON withdrew the Same.
Mr. H. MARSHALL also withdrew his
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think from the
indications, that we are to have no vote upon the
pending question to-day; but it would bo best to
fix some day upon which we will take the vote,
and let it be decided; and then, if gentlemen arc
absent upon the one side or the other, upon them
"will be the responsibility.
Mr. GROW. Why cannot we have a vote
to-day? *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Because gentle-
men are moving to adjourn.
Mr. GROW. The motion has been withdrawn.
[Cries of u Question !" " Question!M1
The SPEAKER. A call of the House has
been ordered, and the Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I propose that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
Mr. ORR. I shall object until the roll is called
over. Let us see who'is absent.
Mr. BARCLAY. I move that the House do
now adjourn*, and upon the motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The roll was then called; and the following
named members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Howell Cobb, Covode, Craige, Diunrell, David-
eon, Jacob C. Davis, Dickson, Dunn, Henry M. Fuller,
Reade, Seward, Stanton, and Daniel H. Wright.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I would have opposed the
motion to suspend all further proceedings under
the call of the House, had not my attention been
diverted at the time the question was taken. I
now move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. GROW. I raise the point of order, that
the motion cannot be made at this time, no busi-
ness having intervened since the last call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. Nothing appears upon' the Journal
since the last call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that there be a call
of the House; and on that motion demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eustis and
Robison were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 46, noes 3.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take up, and have passed, the resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] to draw for seats.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
make a standing objection against the resolution
referred to ?
Mr. ORR. Nothing seems to be in order but
that very standing objection. [Great laughter.]
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
86, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocouk, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Garble, Caruthers,
Caskic, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullen,
Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kelly,
Kidwell, King, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMulhn,
McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Morrison, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peek,Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Talhott, Tayioi, Tyson, Vail,
Walker, Wamer, Watkius, Williams, John V. Wright, and
ZolheofTer—
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Bell, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Brooks, Broom, Buffinton, Burlmgame,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard
Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clingman, Colfax, Comins,
Cragin, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, DeWitt,
Dick, Dodrl, Durfee, Echo, JEdwaids, Ennie, English,
Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbeit, Granger, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, llarnson,
Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas' R. Ilorton,
Valentino B. Ilorton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Alexander K.
Mai shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Millson,
Milhvaid, Moore, Moigan, Moruli, Mott, Munay, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Pcriv, Pettit,
Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Puryear, Ritchie, Riveis, Uobbins,
Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan,Thonngfon,Thms-
ton,Tialton,Tnppe, Undeiwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwoitli—119.
So the House refused to order a call.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WHEELER stated that, had he been
present when his name was called, he would
have voted in the affirmative.
DELEGATE PROM KANSAS.
The question again rccurrcd upon the motion
that the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to allow Mr. Whitfield to take
the oath as Delegate from the Territory of Ivan*
sas, be laid on the table; and being taken,it was
decided in the negative—yeas 108, nays 111; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghur^t, Bingham, Bishop
Bhss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Burlmgame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, Edwards, Lmne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert
Granger, Grow, Robert B. IIall, Harlan, Haven, Hodaes
Holloway, Ihoma&R. IIoi ton, Valentine B. Hoi ton. How-
ard, Hughston Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, MeCaity, Kilhan Miller
Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,Munay, Nichols, Norton'
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perrv
Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Puiviance, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts
Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngfon, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbrulge Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch. Wood, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—108. 5
„N4,Yi3r M,?ssrs' Alkmi> Akors> AIIe"; Barksdale, Be]],
Hundley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, Carl.le, CaratheiV
t askie, Chngman, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford
Cullon, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Denver. Dow-
dell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans,
Faulkner, * lorence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett
Goode, Greenwood, Augusta, Hall, J. Morrison Harris!
Sampson IV. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert
Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones I
T'etSe?°yr "rff' KeTm> K;eiiy' Keimett, Kidwell, Lake,'
Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall '
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall. Maxwell Mc- !
Mullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morrison
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peck, Plielns, Porter
Rne4nrlX?ri "a?' Roiul:?> Rivers, Timlin! I
KUot, Sandirtge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,William i
Smith,William E. Smith,Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope I
Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Tyson, TJnderwood, Vail. Valk,
Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Wmslow, John V. Wright,and Zollicofler—111.
So the motion to lay upon the table was dis-
agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL., of Kentucky, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. Covode.
The question recurring on the motion to recon-
sider:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move a call of the House.
[Laughter, and cries of Good!]
Mr. WILLIAMS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MATTESON, (at fifty minutes past one
o'clock.) I more that the House do now adjourn;
and on that I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the resolution au-
thorizing the drawing for seats.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, and others, ob-
jected.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 85, nays 125; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Buriingame, James H.
Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Einne, Flagler. Galloway, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Hodges, Holloway,
Thomas li. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Mat-
teson, McCarty, Killian Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill,
Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton,
Pnngle, Robeits, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Trafton, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson.
Welch, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicofler—85.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barksdale
Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom.
Burnett,Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,Lewis D. Campbell,
Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob
C. Davis, Day, Denver, De Witt, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Edwaids, Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert,
Tliekman, Hoifman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Knight,
Knox, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Moore, Morrison,
Mott, Nichols, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peck,
Pennington, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Purviance, Pur-
year, Quitman, Heady, Ricaud, Rivers, Kobbins, Ruffin,
Rust, Sage, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Wilham K. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewait,
Swope, Talbott. Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tnppe, Ty-
son, Underwood, Vail, Vaik, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Wells, Wheeler. Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood,
and John V. Wright—125.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to the House to postpone the consideration of the
pending question till Tuesday, at the hour of one
o'clock. I hope the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] will withdraw his motion for a call of
the House. I presume we shall not take a vote
to-day on this question of the Delegate from
Kansas; and the postponement of it till Tuesday
will give sufficient notice of the vote. If the gen-
tleman who made the motion for a call of the
House withdraw it, I will submit that motion.
In the mean time, we will draw for seats, and
dispose of the President's message. I move that
the further consideration of this matter be post-
poned till Tuesday next, at one o'clock, and that
it be made the special order for that day. That
will be ample notice for both sides.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. J ones] called the previous question
on the motion to reconsider, and that will pre-
clude the motion to postpone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it can be post-
poned by unanimous consent, it can be done
without withdrawing the call for the previous
question. If I withdraw the call for the previous
question, and if there be then a motion to post-
pone, and then the previous question be renewed,
that cuts off the postponement; if not, the post-
ponement will be debatable. But if the House
is willing to postpone the question, it can do so
by unanimous consent.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I -would inquire
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
