1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
On Commerce—Messrs. Dodge, (chairman,) ;
Stuart, Seward, Clay, Benjamin, and Bigler. !
On Manufactures—Messrs. Wright, (chair- ;
man,) Allen, Harlan, Wilson, and Trumbull. i
On Agriculture—Messrs. Alien, (chairman,) :
Hunter, Wade, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Harlan. , I
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wellcr, (chair- ,
man,) Fitzpatrick, Johnson, Jones of Tennes-
see, Iverson, and Pratt.
■ On the Militia—Messrs. Houston, (chairman,)
Dodge, Biggs, Thompson of Kentucky, and Bell '
of New Hampshire. I
On Naval Affair,s—Messrs. Mallory, (chair-
man,) Thomson of New Jersey, Fish, Slidell,
James, and Bell of Tennessee. :
On Public Lands—Messrs. Stuart, (chairman,) :
Johnson, Foot, Pugli, Mallory, and Foster. |
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Benjamin, i
(chairman,) Biggs, Thompson of Kentucky, ;
Foster, and Wilson. j
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Sebastian, (chair- '
man,) Rusk, Toombs, Brown, Reid, and Bell of :
Tennessee. ' I
On Claims — Messrs. Brodhead, (chairman,) j
Geyer, Iverson, Yulee, Wade, and Fessenden. i
On Revolutionary Claims — Messrs. Evans, !
(chairman,) Reid, Hale, Foster, and Durkee.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Butler, (chairman,) :
Toucey, Bayard, Geyer, Toombs, and Pugh. j
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. I
Rusk, (chairman,) Yulee, Bigler, Adams, Colla- j
mer, and Durkee. I
On Roads and Canals—Messrs. Slidell, (chair- j
man,) Wright, Jones of Tennessee, Biggs, Bell ,
of New Hampshire, and Durkee. i
On Pensions—Messrs. Jones of Iowa, (chair-
man,) Clay, Sumner, Comegys, and Thomson
of New Jersey.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Brown, 1
(chairman,) Pratt, Mason, Allen, and Reid.
On Patentsand the Patent Office—Messrs. James, 1
(chairman,) Evans, Stuart, Brown, Thompson ;
of Kentucky, and Fessenden. j
On Retrenchment—Messrs. Adams, (chairman,) ■
Fitzpatrick, Fish, Biggs, and Crittenden. '
On Territories—Messrs. Douglas, (chairman,) !
Jones of Iowa, Collamer, Bell of Tennessee,
Sebastian, and Biggs.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate—Messrs. Evans, (chairman,) Wright, ;
and Foot.
On Public Buildings—Messrs. Bayard, (chair- i
man,) James, Hunter, Thomson of New Jersey, i
Pratt, and fUe.
On EngroMd Bills—Messrs. Collamer, (chair- '
man,) Wade, and Bigler. i
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Jones of Iowa,
(chairman,) Sumner, and Durkee. !
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,)
Cass, and Bayard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to have the yeas !
and nays on the adoption of this list of commit- j
tees. I do not wish to take up any time in ref- !
erence to the committees as arranged; but much [
has been said in the Senate at different periods i
about sectionalism. It is manifest to every one
who looks into the list of committees as prepared ;
by the majority here, that one great party m the
country, the largest except that which has been
successful in the recent election, is utterly ex- |
eluded from most of the important committees '
of the Senate. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of this list, so that we may see who ,
it is that is sectional in the adoption of a majority
of tiie leading committees of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 12; as follows:
YI:AH— )]i«-rs. Adams, Allen, ISajaid, Bigler, Rrialit. 1
Iirn<i!ie;wl. liroren, Butler, Casx, Clav, Cniuccvg, Itodjus
Kvuns. t'itz|umck, Uejer. Houston", tlumcr" \
Junr:, of imvn, Jonesof'Tennessee, IVaree, j
I'l.ut. lii'iil. Ru^k, Sebastian, Slidell. Sm.m. j
'i'lHiiiijHou m Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Ton- !
ce\, ami Wnjrln-—;i4. i
y——rs. Coltamer, IVseemlen, Fish. Foot. Fos- \
ti'i. Hale. Ilamltn, Hdilan, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, !
anil Wilson—12.
So the list of committees was agreed to. :
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS. '
Air. CLAY submitted the following resolution; |
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to: I
Rcsohal, That two Chaplain*, of dilKrent tknotuina
lion*. be elected to Congress to serve during the present !
bet-sum, one by each House, who shall interchange weekly. i
Mr. CLAY. 1 move that we proceed to the |
election of a Chaplain forthwith. i
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate '
proceeded to ballot for a Chaplain with the fol- ,
lowing result: !
Whole number of votes cast, 45; necessary to a !
choice, 23; of which—
Rev. Stephen P. Hill received...........37
Rev. Byron Sunderland * ... .7 1
Rev. Theodore Parker. 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Rev. :
Stephen P. Hill having received a majority of all .
the votes cast, is duly elected Chaplain for the
Senate at the present session.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. j
Mr. TOUCEY. I have been requested to pre- :
sent a memorial from the clergy of eight religious
denominations of this District, offering hereafter
to perform gratuitously the services that are now
usually performed by Chaplains. Not intending
to interfere with the election of a Chaplain at the ,
present session, I have delayed presenting it until
this morning. I present it now for the purpose
of giving notice to the Senate, and to the public,
that that arrangement can be made, and in my j
judgment ought to be made.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table. I
Mr. WADE presented the petition of the heirs j
of Jabez B. Rooker, praying for further compen- •
sation for his services as clerk in the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings; which was
referred to the Committer on Claims.
Mr. GEYER presented the memorial of Adam
D. Steuart, praying for the passage of an act
explanatory of the act of August 18,1856, granting
him a commission on his disbursements as a
paymaster in the Army during the late war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of Jonas
P. Levy, praying for the establishment of schools
for the education of seamen for the naval service,
with the privilege of promotion according to merit;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
AlTairs.
He also presented a memorial of mechanics
employed in the armory at the headquarters of
the Marine Corps, at Washington, praying for an
increase of wages; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of William
McVicker, praying for compensation for supplies
furnished for the use of the United States troops
in the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Rob-
ert H.Gray, in behalf of Colonel Allen McLane
and others, praying to be allowed half pay for
life, in lieu of commutation under the resolves of
the Continental Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the petition of Mary C. Hamilton, widow of
Fowler Hamilton, late a captain of dragoons m
the Army, praying for a renewal of the pension
heretofore allowed to her; which was referred to
the Committee on P<. nsions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Rodol-
phme CJaxton, widow of Alexander Ciaxton,
late a Captain in 1 he Navy, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Upper Sandusky, Ohio, praying that Jonathan
Painter, a colored man, who acted as a spy for
the Army in the war of lbl2, may be allowed a
pension;* which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of John Ryley,
a fnendlv Indian, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion in consideration of his services m the war
of 1813; which was roforred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Eliza A.
Merchant, widow of Charles G. Merchant, late
an officer in the Army, prayinjr to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Charles S.
Todd, late Minister to Russia, praying for the
allowance of certain items n ieeted m the settle-
ment of his accounts; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of Philip Wilhoit, a soldier in the war of
1812, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He alf*o presented the petition of Micajah
Owen, a private in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Alex-
ander J. Atocha, praying for the payment of his
claim asrainst Mexico unier the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, of February 2, 1848; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr DURKEE presented the petition of Wil-
Ham Blake, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
| to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
' the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of John
Barney, and for himself and other heirs of Joshua
Barney, an officer in the naval service during the
revolutionary war, praying for the passage of the
bill now before Congress for the settlement of
the claims of the officers of the Revolution, and
the widows and orphan children of those who
died in the scrvicc, with a provision for those if.
j' the naval service; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
!; Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, some few
}j days ago I presented a petition from the citizens
•; of Cape Vincent, in the State of New York, pray-
ing for an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor at that place, and also a memorial
from the Common Council of the city of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, praying for an
; appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
at that place. I move that those two memorials
be taken from the table, and referred to the Com  
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that there are several petitions on the
table, and if there be no objection they will ail be
referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. HUNTER. I presented one the other
j day from the heirs of General Charles Porfcerficld,
! which I ask may be referred to the Committee on
jj Revolutionary Claims.
jl The motion was agreed to.
| On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
:■ Ordered, That the petition of William L. S. Dcaring,
't presented the 4th instant, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
■ PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
; On motioi^of Mr. IVERSON, it was
' Ordered, That James Love, heir of Doctor John Love,
• have leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
BUSINESS OF THE LAST SESSION.
: Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
: lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent. and agreed to:
Rcohed, That all subjtot* before the Senate at the close
of the last session, including those before committees, shall
bo resumed and proceeded''with at the present session, iu
the same manner as if no adjournment of the Senate had
takon place : and that all memorials, petitions, and other
papt r<. winch had been referred to committees at the first
session, and returned to the office of the Secretary at the
close of the last session, be returned to the committees to
which they had been rcierred.
POST ROUTE IX MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent. and agreed to:
H. That the Committee on the Post Office ami
Po-r UoatH be m?tructo l to inquire into tiie oxpeineney
I'vtabh-shint; a mail routr from Sumimr. m Pifce county, to
Mcadviile, Franklin county. Mississippi.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution, and asked for its immediate consider-
ation:
Revolted, That ^ueh of the ftamling ^ormmttees as wer#*
authorised to entpiov el^rk* durms the la«t session, and
have not permanent clerks, authorized, for the present,
to rmploy clerks, to date from the commencement ol the
session.
i Mr. FISH objecting: to the consideration of the
resolution, it lied over for one day, according to
the rules.
1 NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. RUSifv gave notice of his intention to ask
