44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
leave to introduce a joint resolution granting
further time to the creditors of Texas to present
their claims, and for other purposes.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
amendatory of an act entitled " An act to amend
an act for laying off the towns of Fort Madison
and Burlington, &c., in the State of Iowa, and
for other purposes," approved 3d March, 1837;
which was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading-
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 43) for the relief of Mary W.
Thompson,widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel
Alexander R. Thompson, of the United States
Avmy; which was read the first and second times
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
J. W. NYE.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the House joint
resolution (No. 23) in favor of J. W. Nye, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
DEPARTMENT OF LAW.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill S.
No. 347, that it may be made the special order
for Thursday next. It is a bill to rearrange, to
some extent, the Departments, so as to furnish an
auditor for each of the Departments in plaoe of
the present arrangement. It is important, if it be
passed, that it should be passed in the early por-
tion of the session, so as to he acted upon in the
House. It is a matter out of which no capital
can be made by anybody; but it tends to har-
monize and facilitate the business of the Depart-
ments. If it be made the spccial order for
Thursday next attention may be drawn to it, and
if there be objections to it, they can be looked
into by that time, and wo may dispose of it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill (S. No. 347) to establish a de-
partment of law, and to prescribe certain duties
of the auditors and comptrollers of the Treasury.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed to, and it
was made the special order for, Thursday next,
at one o'clock.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following order, submitted by Mr. Fitzpatrick
on the 2d instant:
Ordered, Tfiut the message and accompanying docu-
ments be printed; and thai fifteen thousand additional
copies be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I had not
anticipated the renewal of the slavery discussion
at this early day of the session; indeed, sir, I
had hoped that this thread-worn topic would be
permitted to sleep at least for a short season after
the presidential struggle. Like the Senator from
Louisiana, I felt quite happy in this belief; but
it is otherwise. The President in his closing
message deemed it proper to put his views on the
subject of slavery agitation on record, and the
Senators on the other side have availed themselves
of the occasion to open up the entire field of con-
troversy. I for one have desired to avoid it, and
should not have said one word had it not been
for the frequent and pointed reference made to the
character of the late presidential canvass in my
own State, by the Senators from Ohio and Massa-
chusetts. Honorable Senators on the other side,
whilst deprecating the course of the President in
discussing the subject, readily concluded to follow
his example. Lamenting the use of sentiments
on his part which they deem ungenerous, if not
unjust towards their party, their principles, and
the tendencies of their measures, they indulge to
a still greater extent in the practice themselves.
Condemning what they are pleased to regard as
a want of official courtesy to this department of
the Government and to a large class of the people,
they promptly violate all these rules in the se-
verity of their own criticisms. Even the Senator
from Maine, so distinguished for the propriety
of his language, has spoken of the President as
an unworthy son of a free State; an<£the Senator
from Ohio has been still more severe. But these
exhibitions only furnish another evidence of the
fallibility of our nature, and show how difficult
it is for even the best of us to refrain from the
commission of the wrongs we think we see in
others. Such things, however, are not uncom-
mon. Very many teachers in morals, politics,
and even religion, utterly fail in the practice of
the wise and holy precepts which they lay down
for the observance of others.
But, s?r, I do not intend to circumscribe myself
in what little I have to say by complaints against
the course of others. I think the President was
right in expressing his views as he has done;
and, of course, Senators have a right to criticise
the act.
But I cannot agree that this act of the Presi-
dent is unprecedented. If I am not mistaken
President Jackson discussed the question of a
national bank in such manner as to correct the
misrepresentations of his political opponents.
President Polk discussed the question of war
with Mexico in the same spirit. It is the right
and duty of the President to inform Congress of
the state of the Union; and entertaining the views
he does as to the dangerous tendencies of the doc-
trines of certain political parties m the country,
the obligation on the present Executive to com-
municate his apprehensions became imperative.
Senators may scout and discaid the reasoning of
that officer, but they should remember that Pres-
ident Washington, even in his early day, felt
required to warn the people against the danger-
ous tendencies of geographical parties in our
country, and efforts to array one section of the
country against another; and that Thomas Jef-
ferson compared this sectional agitation to the
startling alarm of a fire-bell m the night. Nor,
sir, will exceptions to the language used by the
President serve to break the force of his over-
whelming argument in support of what he regards
as the true policy of the nation. 1 agree, sir,
that the criticism of the action of a large class of
his fellow-citizens by the President, and the con-
demnation of the tendency of such action, how-
ever strongly qualified m protectives of the
motives of the actors, is a most delicate task,
and should only be performed on great occasions;
but the President has confined his strictures to
partisan leaders—men seeking political power by
means that would hazard the peace of the country;
and I think that the people will agree that they
deserve the rebuke.
Hut, sir, it is not my purpose to defend the
President. This has already been done with
more ability than 1 can command. This much
I will say, however—now that he is near the end
of Ins teim of office, and when my motives cannot
be misunderstood—that I believe that time and
experience will prove the wisdom of most of his
measures, and that the day is not far in the future
when the purity and pati iotism of his motives
will be acknowledged by all.
But, sir, Senators have been endeavoring to
determine what questions have been settled by
the result of the late election, some taking excep-
tion to the definition as given by the President;
and on this point I have a word to say.
I am quite sure, sir, that one great fact settled
by the result is, that James Buchanan is to be
President for four years from the 4th of March
next, and that John C. Breckinridge will be Vice
President for a like period. Another still more
potent fact is, that the principles of the Dem-
ocratic party, as defined at Cincinnati and ex-
pounded by Mr. Buchanan—the most prominent
feature being that the people of the States who
go into the Territories shall enjoy the right to
determine the character of their own local insti-
tutions in their own way, including that of do-
mestic slavery—are to bo m the ascendency till
the year 1861. Another fact as distinctly settled
is, that the modern and miscalled Republican
party, against which the Democracy contended,
has been found in a minority in twenty-three out
of the thirty-one States, and has been rejected in
the Union by a popular majority of not less than
one million three hundred and seventy-five thou-
sand, being a minority of more than all the
votes cast for their candidate; and in a minority
in the northern States alone of near two hundred
thousand. Another is, that the modern Amer-
ican, or Know Nothing party, with its intolerant
dogmas of faith, and against which the Democ-
racy also contended, has been repudiated in thirty
out of the thirty-one States, and by a popular
majority of over two millions.
But the result seems to be misunderstood even
by Senators. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has evidently not liked the returns of the
election well enough to look at them, or he would
not claim a large majority for the Republi-
cans in eleven States, when the figures show that
they were in a minority in all bur eight. He cer-
tainly ought to have known that there was 'a
popular majority against Mr. Fremont in New
York of over forty-five thousand, and in Ohio
of eleven thousand, and in Iowa of fifteen hun-
dred. He and other Senators seem to be un-
der the impression that their party came very
near carrying all the free States. The Senator
from Ohio said, the other day, that they would
have done so had the issues been fairly put on
the Democratic side. The Senator from Maine
said they would have succeeded had the vote
been a fair one. Why, sir, the figures indicate
differently. Out of 460,000 votes in Pennsyl-
vania their candidate received but 147,447 votes,
leaving him in a minority of more than 165,000.
He was also in a minority of 43,695 in New
Jersey, 46,089 in Indiana, 46,615 in Illinois, and
from the returns we have from California, he has
not received more than one fourth of the popular
vote in that State, claimed to be his own. What
ever consolation and encouragement they can
draw from such figures I leave them to enjoy.
They certainly cannot claim fellowship with the
Fillmore vote, for Mr. Fillmore was himself
among the first to denounce them as a sectional
party, attempting to maintain doctrines and prac-
tices that would most certainly dissolve the
Union.
But they deny that their party is sectional, and
make the charge of sectionalism against the De-
mocracy. Well, Mr. President, I shall not
consume much time on this issue; but, sir, if the
Republican be not a sectional party, I would be
glad to learn how a party can be sectional. I
cannot conceive what characteristics or practices
of a sectional party the Republican party lacks.
Both of their candidates were from one section
of the Union, they were nominated hy delegates
from the same section, and they received all their
votes in that section. In fifteen of the States,
differing from the others only as to one local in-
stitution, their party made no serious attempt to
get votes, but they endeavored to gain power by
exciting prejudice and passion in the popular
mind in their own section againstlocal institu-
tion of the other. How else could you constitute
a sectional party? It is sectional, distinctly
and dangerously sectional, and it is useless for
Senators to deny it. It is just the kind of organ-
ization which the greatest and best man who
ever lived in our country anticipated with alarm.
But it is far otherwise with the Democracy.
One of our candidates was from the North, and
the other from the South. They were nominated
by delegates from all the States, and were voted
for in all the States. Their party declared prin-
ciples and policy acccptable to the whole family
of States. Those principles could be expounded
alike in all, and orators from the North and the
South met daily on the same stand to do so. A
constant theme was the equality of the States,
the constitutional rights of all, and the necessity
for fraternity of feeling amongst the people of all.
How idle and fallacious the charge of sectionalism
against such a party!
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio, in
the course of the debate the other day, in support
of the charge, that the Democracy in the North
had not stood up fairly and fully to the issues
between the parties, remarked:
"In the Staff! of Pennsylvania, in all the Democratic mass
meetings for President that I know anything about, there
wad insenbed in gioat letters upon their banners,1 JLtuch-
anan, Breckinridge, and free Kansasand their orators
proceeded to show that Mr. Hurhanan was safer upon the
subject of freedom in Kansas than any other candidate.''
In the same connection, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts stated that, to his personal knowl-
" Public meetings were callcd of persons in favor of
Buchanan, Brcckinridge, and fiee Kansas. I have read
these calls. I have in ray possession one of them, winch
was issued m the State of I'ennsylvauia. There are others
in the possession of members of this house or the other.
Throughout the whole cawaes m these veiy States the
issue was blinked."
