46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
allegation. It is true, that in reply to the charge
so constantly made by the Fremont party, that
the Democrats were seeking to increase slavery,
/we said that the only attempt that had ever been
made to increase slavery by an act of Congress !
was that of the Republican members of the
House who voted for Mr. Dunn's bill. This we
did say; and bccause that bill proposed to maintain
slavery in Kansas up to the year 1858, and pro-
vided that children born of slave parents in the
Territory, and sold in the mean time to a slave
S-ate, should be slaves for life, and holding as
we did that the increase of slavery can only be
brought about by the increase of the number of
beings in bondage, we did maintain that Mr.
Dunn's bill was virtually to increase slavery.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to interrupt him foi a
moment?
Mr. BIGLER. No, sir. I boo; the Senator
from Illinois to excuse mo, if he pleases. 1 find
that if I yield to further interruptions my speech
will be much longer than I intended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 wished to correct the
Senator in regard to that bill.
Mr. BIGLER. It was the practice of the Fre-
mont party in the canvass to charge the Democ-
racy with seeking to increase slavery, and we
availed ourselves of the facta I have stated in
retort. So far from looking to the increase
of slavery by act of Congress, 1 know of no
means by which such a work could be accom-
plished, except through the recommencement of
the sfavc trade, and no one would entertain such
an idea. But the Republicans m the House,
holding that slavery has no legal existence in the
Territory of Kansas, voted to recognize and
maintain it till J858, and to provide that the is&ue
of slave parents, if sold to a slave State in the
mean time, should be slaves for life, virtually
attempted, according to their own doctrine, to
increase the number of slaves by act of Con-
gress.
Many persons are in the habit of confounding
the increase of slavery with its territorial exten-
sion; and some, doubtless, voted the Republican
ticket because they believed that the inhibition of
slavery as to Kansas was to retard the growth
of the institution. Were I a citizen of Kansas,
with my present impressions, I should vote
against tin4 establishment of slavery; but in doing
this I would feel that 1 was not doing anything'to
prevent the increase of the number of slaves, or
to improve their condition. To scatter the slaves
over a greater area will do them good rather than
harm, and to restrict the institution to its present
limits will not alfect the increase of the number
of slaves lor a centuiy; foi it will, in my judg-
ment, require all of that period to fill op t 1m u-~
eupied territories in the sluvrhoiding Sf.-ues. In
Texas alone there are over ninety millions of aejvs
of virgin soil untouched by the implements of
the ngncukuiist, rich and easy of cultivation, fa-
vored by a genial climate. The number of slaves
in that Kmte do not equal one to every square mile
of teruiory. Mow, after all, then, do" the practical
and direct consequences involved m this angry
controversy dimmish as we appioaeh them; and
liovv like mountains on a plain do they loom up
as we recede from them! And how painful the
. conviction that there are those amongst us,
found in widely-separated communities, who
talk seriously of breaking up the Government
for causes so insufficient.
The honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sen'J)i;n,] whilst lamenting and describing the
piejudicial influence of slavery upon the physical
impiovement of the States where it exists, upon
their growth in population, commerce, trade, and
agriculture, remarked as follows:
•* 1 iio not lo'jk upon tIu-> question as a question of States.
The Slate.-:, political eorpouuions have no direct inletc«f
i  tiie I do uouccognize the ^tate of Virginia, or
the J-rtaie of'JVY.i". a % a 8t<ite, ?w having a panicle o't inter-
cii xn them ; nor the t^rato of Maine, nor the tftate ofMus-
siciiu-ert^ nor New Voi!i, nor any other tree .State. It is
aqiiouou with me people ot the Untied States."
Now, Mr. President, if the States in their cor-
porate capacity have no interest m the question
of slavery in the Territories, then why does the
Senator, tuid those who act with him, insist that
the States shall control the question through the
representatives of their sovereignty on this floor?
I agree that the States as such have no direct
concern, and that the people of the United States
who go to the Territories are most interested;
and for that reason they should be allowed to
determine whether they will have the institution
or not. The people who emigrate to the Terri-
tories arc not only the most interested, but they
are most competent, and have the best right to
decide. The people of his State and mine exer-
cised that right, and why deny it to the people
of those States who may go to the Territories?
The Democracy contend for, but the Republicans
deny, this right. They say that Congress shall
prejudge and decide the question; that those who
are not in the Territories must be permitted to
control the decision. The power to shape this
domestic institution in Kansas, for instance,
shall be found everywhere else except in the Ter-
ritory ! The Democracy say that those who go
to Kansas shall make its institutions; the Re-
publicans say not so, but the people who do not
go to the Territory, through their Represent-
atives in Congress, shall decide whether slavery
shall exist there or not—that those who have no
interests there, who know nothing of the soil and
climate, shall be the umpire.
And here is the vital issue between the parties;
this was the issue put and decided in the last con- I
teat for President. The Senator has a right to
claim much consideration for his superior intelli-
gence, but I can scarcely believe that he is willing
to claim for himself and his constituents superior
judgment, patriotism, and sovereignty over those
enterprising and hardy pioneers who have gone
into that new country to fell the forest, cultivate
the soil, to develop its natural resources, advance ,
the arts of peace, the "ends of civilization, and 1
tinally, and very shortly, to add another member
to our happy Confederacy. The Senator con-
cedes the right of the people of a State to have
slavery or not. Are not the people of a Territory
just as wise as those of a State? Why should
they enjoy a less measure of sovereignty ? Is the
sovereignty reserved from the United States Gov-
ernment to the people not as good for a citizen
of a Territory as for him who resides in a State ?
Is not the political status of the latter equal in
every particular to that of the former5 Most cer-
tainly. Then why not permit the power which
all agree is conclusive in a State to operate in a
Territory5 Thus itisseen the guardianshipwhieh
the Senator would set up can, at most, only exist
during the territorial probation of a State. So
soon as the people become a State, congiessional
shackles will be severed. What I mean is this:
that the people, when a State, wilHiavo the right
to change the local laws and policy as often as
tliey please, and no power on earth can interfere.
Should Kansas come into the Union as a free
State, it will be perfectly competent for the people
afterwards to establish slavery, and vice vena.
Thus it is seen that this absorbing and angry con-
j| tiovcrsy, which at times seems to menace the
i{ peace of the country, if not the existence of the
j. Government, is quite limited in its practical ef-
jj feels, if the rule of decision by popular will be
ij a slavery rule, as alleged by some, how aie we
to get clear of it? It makes the very founda-
tion of our whole Republican system; it underlies
the institutions of each and all of the States: it
is the very essence of true republicanism; it is
neither more nor less than sell-government.
I But, Mr. President, I deny that it is a policy
j or rule to favor the extension of slavery. Those
. who make the allegation know better. The vast
i emigration to the Territories from the northern
! States, sustained by a constant accession from
j all parts of the world, cannot favor the propaga-
! tion of slavery. Why, the Senator from Maine
! has told us what we know to be true, that the
i owners of slaves m the United States do not
! number half a million, whilst those who have no
; slaves count not less than twenty-five millions.
!! How, then, I would ask, are the five hundred
)' thousand to lival the twenty-five millions in the
i; occupation of the Territory, to say nothing of
jj emigrants from other countries who come here
I' a'most invariably with strong prejudices against 1
l! negro slavery5 The idea is preposterous. The'
|| accusation has been made to subserve partisan j
ji ends, Lid not because the extension of slavery ■
! was feared. For one, I think this mode of ad- i
j| justment a safe, wise, and just one. It respects |
ji the constitutional rights of the people of .the i
li South, whilst it imposes no restrictions upon the j
W judgment and feelings of those of the North. It'
will at no very distant day relieve the country
from this dangerous controversy.
I shall not charge that the Republican .speakers
and writers did not come up to their platform. I
allege the reverse, and the facts prove the allega-
tion. As to hostility to slavery, they not only
came up to but went far beyond it. The press, the
pulpit, and the rostrum, in the interests of this
party in the North, vented unqualified denuncia-
tions against the institution wherever found. Its
prejudicial effects upon the growth and prosperity
of the country, its wrongs and aggressions, its
usurpations and oppressions, and the hardships
endured by the poor African, were their constant
and favorite themes. And it is idle for Senators
to pretend that the arguments of the Republicans
were confined to the mere question of the exten-
sion of slavery into the Territories; or that the
rights of the institution where it now exists were
spoken of in terms of even the coldest toleration.
It was discussed in its political, moral, social,
and in even its Christian aspect; and almost uni-
versally in such manner as to excite the bitterest
prejudices against it and the States where it
existed. Just such sentiments were uttered as
were best calculated to alienate the feelings of the
people of one section of the Union from those of
another. It does not become them, then, to com-
plain that the Democratic party did not meet the
issues. They made far more by fanning the
unholy flames of passion and prejudice, and by
invectives on transiently occurring events in Kan-
sas, and personal difficulties between members of
Congress, which had no necessary connection
with the real issues, than we could possibly have
gained by evason, had we so desired. We met
the issues, and we met them fairly: and to attest
the truth of this, and that which I have asserted
against the Opposition, I could produce speeches
and newspaper writings almost without number;
but I imagine it is unnecessary to offer them
here.
Who, I would ask, ever heard a Republican
speaker upon the stump tempering his denunci-
ations against slavery by expressing his regard
for the constitutional rights of the slaveholding
States, or for the feelings of those who held
slaves ? Some may have done it, but I had not
the pleasure of hearing them. It is true that,
when driven to the wall, they would admit the
right of the States to have such an institution,
but the admission was so made as to generally
leave the impression that, in some way or other,
the institution was to be everywhere abolished
through the agency of the feenubhean party.
Senators may qualify and explaiiTand lay claim
to entire loyalty to the Constitution and the
Union—they may discard Garrison, Phillips,
Spooner, and all of that school of disunionists, as
much as they please—but no man in the North
could fail to discover that a considerable poition
of the Opposition were led to believe that some-
thing more was to be accomplished by their suc-
cess than the meie inhibition of slavery m the
Territories. They confidently anticipated the
repeal of the fugitive slave law, besides the rejec-
'! tion of all Territories which asked for admission
!l into the Union as States with constitutions recog-
'j nizing slavery. But statesmen of the Republican
'[ party must necessarily shape their sentiments by
! j the letter, if not by the spirit, of the Constitution.
* i Yet, sir, a very large proportion of the votes east
:i for their candidate for the Presidency were made
; i up of two classes, viz: first, those who are look-
ing to the abolition of slavery everywhere, and
who hope to consummate this work through the
Republican party; and this is the class to whom
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] might
say, " Slavery can and will be abolished, and
you and I will do it;" and to which the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] would give assurance of
the prompt repeal of the " infamous fugitive slave
law.'5 The other class is composed of those who
are actuated by motives of sympathy for the fate
of the unhappy African—of those who believe
that slavery is a great wrong upon the negro, and
that it 13 to be redressed, and his condition bet-
tered, by the Republican party. The leaders of
that party have themselves been vigilant and per-
severing to create those very impressions; and
if they will have the candor even now to turn
around, and proclaim unmistakably that they do
not hold the views entertained by* those classva
of people, nor seek to remedy the evils they com-
