1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
plain of, my word forit their rankswill very soon
be materially thinned) and those of the ultra-Abo-
litiomsts enlarged in alike ratio. Thisdone, and
they will not carry eleven States at the next elec-
tion. They will not then have all misguided
pieachers and fanatics upon their side, as they
had in the recent contest.
The aggressions of slavery is a favorite theme
of the Senator from Ohio; but he has not, to my
knowledge, Mr. President, at any time, specifi-
cally defined what he means by the phrase. I
am not willing to submit to any aggression from
slavery, or the slave States, or the slaveholding
people; and if the Senator will point out aggres-
sions on the part of either, I may possibly join
him in resisting and repelling them. But I can
discover, as yet, none of their consequences. In
what do these aggressions consist? In what de-
partment of Government are they to be found ?
The reverse of aggression is obvious to all. The
controlling power which the slave States once
possessed in all departments has passed away,
and, I think, forever. When the Constitution
was framed, and the Union secured, the slave-
holding States had the control of all branches of
the Government. Now they control none. Then
there were eleven slaveholding States and one
non-slaveholding. Now there are sixteen free
and fifteen slave States, with six or seven Terri-
tories to come in as free States; then we shall
have twenty-two free States and fifteen' slave
States, Kansas disputed, and with the right in
Texas of making two slave States. Surely there
is nothing in this picture to alarm the Senator
from Ohio: as an element of political power he cer-
tainly does not fear it. The northern States have
an ascendency in both branches of Congress, and
in the electoral college. Where, then, shall we
look for aggression? Is it in territorial acqui-
sition? Certainly not. When our independence
was established, the States north of Mason and
Dixon's line (as shown by the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clay] in his speech made during
the last winter) possessed an area of but one
hundred and sixty-four thousand square miles,
and those south of the same line an area of six
hundred and forty-seven thousand square miles.
Now, the slaveholding States possess an area of
eight hundred and eighty-two thousand square
miles, and the free States, with the Territories
inevitably to become free States, an area of over
one million sevenhundrcd thousand square miles.
Surely the Senator and his party cannot be
alarmed at such aggression as this. And yet
this charge of agression was a constant and
fruitful subject of discussion for the Republican
party during the late campaign.
The fugitive slave law was another. The law
was talked of, even by men of position in society,
as though it had no constitutional authority—as
though it were the mere act of Congress—and
that by its agency alone slaves were reclaimed.
They knew better, Mr. President. They knew
that the law on this subject is nothing—the Con-
stitution everything. The law giveswno man the
right to his fugitive slave. The Constitution has ;
done this, and the Supreme Court of the United i
States has so decided; and the law is but the
execution of the constitutional provision. There-
fore, those who rail against the law rail against
the Constitution; and those who reject any por-
tion of that instrument repudiate all its blessings.
The Senator from Ohio has not hesitated to do
tins, and yet he claims, I believe, to be a friend
of the Union. Senators representing States the
Legislatures of which have taken distinct ground
against the execution of this law, say they are
for the Union and the constitutional rights of all
the States. Now, was not this constitutional
provision one of the compacts of the Union?—
was u not one of the compromises of the Consti-
tution ? Certainly it was; and no man has a fair
claim to friendship for either who will not hold
that it is to be faithfully executed. The denun-
ciation of this law was one of the potent means
of the campaign, to swell Mr. Fremont's vote.
How much of loyalty to our people and their
free institutions there is in^t I leave to others to
decide.
But I do not wish to be misunderstood. I am
not standing here either as the advocate of sla-
very or the defender of the South. I speak but
to vindicate history, and particularly the history
of the late presidential contest, which has been
so unfairly referred to. I do not desire, nor have I
I ever sought, the extension *of slavery; and I
heartily do I concur with the Senator from South !
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] when he said the other*
day, " I do not want the extension of slavery." |
Mr. BUTLER. I beg to be understood cor- ;
rectly. The Senator from Maine asked me how
the remark which I made was to be construed?
I said that I now maintain, as I have always
maintained, that all lines of distinction being
wiped out, I was in what lawyers call a condition
of indifferency. f said, let the institution go
where it would; I would not attempt here either
to restrain or extend it.
Mr. BIGLER. I think that is the substance
of the quotation I was about to read. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina remarked:
ill do not want the extension of slavery; I have never
contended for it. If L liad the right to vote to extend it by
act of Congress, I would not undertake to do sso ; I would
leave that to the choice of those who settle the new com-
monwealths."
Thatis all I have ever desired. It is all the Dem-
ocratic party contend for. The Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] if I understood him, ex-
pressed the same sentiment. Is there notauthor-
ity enough here, sir, to show that the wide-spread
allegation, that we seek the extension of slavery
by the agency and power of the Government, is
untrue?
I do not agree nor do I sympathize with much ;
that is said at the South on the subject of slavery, j
I have read articles from the Southside Dem- j
ocrat, the New Orleans Delta, the Charleston !
Standard, and other southern papers, on the
subject of labor, comparing white with black
labor, from which I utterly and entirely dissent. !
I have no sympathy with the Barnwell Rhett
school of politics in the South, who talk so in-
cessantly and so flippantly of a dissolution of the
Union, as though it had cost our fathers nothing,
as though it w«re worth nothing, and its dis-
solution would remedy a single one of the evils
complained of; and I certainly have no respect
for the suggestion of Governor Adams, of
South Carolina, that the slave trade shall be re-
commenced. I condemn, discard, and repudiate
the fatal suggestion; and I am gratified to believe
that southern statesmen and the southern people
will do the same thing. I have, however, an ad-
miration for that class of southern statesmen who
declare distinctly and emphatically that they can
only remain in the Union as equals.
There is another class of political philosophers,
widely separated from those of whom I have just
been speaking, for whose opinions I have, if
possible, still less respect. I refer to Garrison,
Wendell Phillips, Theodore Parker, Henry C.
Wright, Gerrit Smith, Spooner, and similar
fanatics, who, in attempting illegally to abolish ;
slavery in the States where it now exists, would i
dissolve the Union and aggravate the evils they i
lament. Although in the main these men acted j
with the Republican party in the late canvass,
yet I am not uncharitable enough to hold the
mass of that party accountable for the monstious
sentiments of those traitors to our beloved insti-
tutions. And with the madcaps of the South I
would throw overboard these fanatics of the East,
and take enre of the country without the aid of
either.
Mr. President, I have been forced to speak of
the bad feeling entertained by a class of people in
the North towards the people of the South, and ,
of another class in the South towards the people
of the North; and the task has been by no means
a pleasant one. I have 110 sympathy with that
crimination and recrimination which is so calcu-
lated to estrange those who should be friends
and brethren. The people whom I represent in
part upon this floor have no sympathy with a
sectional contest. There may be some in the
ranks of the Opposition who would press their
opinions'to the dissolution of the Union; but, so
far as Pennsylvania is concerned, 1 say, with
pleasure, that the mass of the Opposition would,
if they deemed the danger imminent, rise, free
from the shackles of their leaders, to stand by
their country. The Democracy are a unit upon
the question. In Pennsylvania they have an
affection which is coextensive with all our people,
and with all of the States of the Confederacy.
Her creed embraces the South as well as the
North. She has been, and she ever will be, just
to all. Among the first to adopt, she will be the
last to disregard,, the covenants of the Constitu-
tion and the Union. Her people remember well
how we came -to be united, and how the Union
has been maintained. We do not forget that
when our independence was declared, southern
and northern men counseled together; that the
Constitution was the joint production of the
patriotism and intellect of both sections; and that
upon every battle-field men of the South and men
of the North stood or fell together under the
resplendent banner of the nation—that they did
so in the war of 1812, and in the war with Mexico.
Are not the events of the latter war fresh in our
memory? Do we not recollect that away down
upon the Rio Grande, and at Buena Vista, the
sturdy volunteers of the North and of the South,
under a southern general, gained immortal vic-
tories over a hostile enemy? We do; and we
remember, too, that upon the shores of the Gulf
of Mexico, wending their way to the city of the
Montezumas, to vindicate the honor and dignity
of their country, were found together the Penn-
sylvania voltigeur and the Palmetto volunteer,
under a northern general. We of Pennsylvania
are for a fraternity of States, and of the people
of the States. All that we are—all that we have
been—we owe to the Union. It is our hope in
the future. Such is the feeling of Pennsylvania.
I would not be vain of my State, but I must
confess, that when I heard a prominent public
man say tl*e other day, 14 Pennsylvania is the
heart of the Republic," my pride was excited.
If the sentiment be true, then, sir, the body-
politic will be lijalthfuh Every hmh will bo in-
vigorated. Th itheait will pulsate only in unison
with the best interests and happiness of the people
of every section. The vital strength will be dis-
tributed alike to every part, and disease will
hopelessly assail what must be so pure and health-
ful. Neither fanaticism nor filhbusterism can
make any impression upon that good old Com-
monwealth. The storm of faction may rage, but
she will come out of it more ercct in her noble
patriotism than ever. The more terrible the trial
the closer will her people cling to the Constitu-
tion, the ark of our common safety. Central in
her geographical position, and still more so 1
hope in the confidence and affection of her sister
States, and equally so as to the sources of that
spirit of discontent which at times would seem to
menace the existence of the Government, she may
best perform the high office of Keystone of the
Federal arch. I believe she will perform it should
the crisis come, and that, though the controversy
between the North and South, so much lamented
by all patriots, may go on for centuries, she will
maintain her integrity to the Union, and be found
standing, like some impassable isthmus between
two heaving seas, defiantly resisting the bitter
waves of discontent, whether they dash against
her northern or her southern side.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
i Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
< from Vermont allow me to ask him (though it
is not a fair question) whether he expects to make
a short speech or a long one? If a long one we
. had better adjourn.
j Mr. COLLAMER. I shall not undertake, at
,i this stage, to limit myself at all.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 suggest, then, that we had
■ better adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
,, Senator from Vermont-yield the floor for a mo-
, tion to adjourn :
: Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
; Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
1journ.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator to
I withdraw that motion, as I wish to occupy the
1 iloor for about five minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. With the consent of the
Senator from Vermont I will do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
! from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
1 Air. COLLAMER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says he wishes the floor for five minutes,
and I will yield to him
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not claim the
indulgence of the Senate at all, except that I
! desire to correct a misapprehension of the Senator
,j from Pennsylvania, which it would have been
'| more appropriate to have corrected during his
ii remarks if his courtesy had allowed me to do so*;
