THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Concress, So Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1856.
New Series....No. 4.
adopted at Philadelphia, and ask the Senator to
tell me what it means, if it does not mean the
broad exclusion of any State that may adopt
slavery? It is:
" We deny the authoriiy of Congress, of a Territorial
Legislature, of any individual or association of individuals,
to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory of the
United States, while the present Constitution shall be main-
tamed."
If, then, the Territories are forbidden to adopt
the institution under any circumstances, how can
they become slave States ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, most assuredly,
" in any Territory of the United States;" but
cannot the Senator from Pennsylvania see the
difference between a Territory" and a State.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Most cheerfully.
Mr. BIGLER. I have given their declaration
of sentiments as to a Territory. Now, I askhim
whether, during the campaign, in the discussions
upon the presidential question, he does not know
that the course of argument on their part was
against any increase of the slave States ? " No
more slave States in this Union," was a common
declaration. It did involve that issue, for they
presented it in the North and pressed it, and upon
that they relied very much for success.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is wandering a little
from the point; but I can say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania it was not the issue. I strove,
and all those with whom I was associated strove,
to present the question distinctly in regard to
slavery in the Territories of the United States.
We never contended for any right to interfere
with it in the States. That was not the question
presented by the Republican party. Our issue
wa3 in regard to slavery in the Territories of the
United States. I know there was an attempt, as
there is in the President's message, to mix up
States and Territories together, and produce a
confusion of ideas, as if there was somebody in
the country who wanted to interfere with slavery
in the States of this Union. But, sir, that was not
the Republitan creed. We were opposed to the
extension ofTslavery into the free Territories, and
into Kansas and Nebraska in particular. There
was where we sought to make the issue, and that
■is an issue which the Cincinnati Convention did
not meet, except by indirection. Perhaps a fair
inference from what they said at Cincinnati is,
that inasmuch as they declare that where the
people are numerous enough to form a State con-
stitution for themselves, they have a right to
admit or exclude slavery, it follows that until
they become that numerous they have no such
right. If you can draw any inference from that
platform,'it is the one which I have stated, and
that I understand to be directly at war with the
views of the honorable Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. He seems to have been fighting for a can-
didate, and going through the contest upon a
principle at war with his platform; for the only
legitimate inference to be drawn from that plat-
form is, that the Territorial Legislature has no
'right, during the territorial existence, to exclude
or admit slaves, or act upon the subject at all.
This I understand to be the view of the Senator
from Mississippi, and numerous others upon the
other side, from the southern States. I will yield
the floor to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. I will ask the Senator  +
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Vermont
can wait until to-morrow.
Mr. PUGH. 1 only wish to propound one
inquiry to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the understanding is
that I shall proceed to-morrow, I am willing to
yield the floor. ["Agreed." "Agreed."]
Mr. PUGH. I do not propose to engage in
this discussion at present, although before it con-
cludes I may desire to make some observations
in reply to what has been said by several Sen-
ators. But there was a remark of the Senator
from Illinois this morning which, it seems to me,
at all events requires at his hands some explana-
tion, or at my hands some notice. In speaking
of the Committee on the Judiciary, that Senator
undertook to ignore the fact that any persons
represented the States of the North in this body
except himself and his particular political asso-
ciates. He made the charge repeatedly 
Mr. TRUMBULL. .1 think I stated that
there was on that committee no one representing
the great Republican party, which had cast hun-
dreds of thousands, yea, more than a million of
votes.
Mr. HALE. That was the statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that no
northern Senator was on that committee. The
only committee to which I applied the remark,
that it contained no northern Senators, was the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I am aware that
some Senators from northern States are members
of the Committee on the Judiciary, but I in-
tended to be understood, and I think I stated, that
there was no person upon the Judiciary Com-
mittee or the Committee on Finance representing,
the great northern party known as the Repub-
lican or Fremont party.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator's illustration, then,
amounts to nothing at all. It either amounts to
what I have stated, or it amounts to nothing. If j
his proposition be, that the Republican party is
excluded from a representation on the Committee
on the Judiciaryj it is a mere plea for his party;
and we cannot be charged with sectionalism,
because we do not admit this or that party to" this
or that committee; but if the Senator means to
declare that the Republican party is the exclusive
proprietor of the northern States, I, for one, take
issue with him. They certainly are not the pro-
prietors of his own State, so far as we have
heard. They are not the proprietors of the State
which I represent by more than twelve thousand.
I admit that, at the last election in Ohio, they
were in a plurality of some sixteen thousand,
but they lacked more than twelve thousand of a
majority. I concede to them their rights; I wish
to make no reflections upon them; but the Sen-
ator tells us that, because we have voted to put
certain Senators on certain committees, we have
engaged in a war against our own section, or at
least the Senator from Pennsylvania did, and that
I did, and that my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey,] who, like myself, is a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, did. I will say
frankly, that I think it was a very small, argu-
ment, utterly unworthy of the Senator. He
knows—I presume we all know—that it has not |
been usual in the Senate to take gentlemen from ;
a committee without their consent. I do not '
know that it has been done in any case; certainly
such instances are very rare. When I came here
at the commencement of the last session, I believe
there was a single vacancy in the Committee on
the Judiciary. How. or why, I happened to be
placed on it I have never heard. It certainly was
on no solicitation of mine, nor was I consulted
about the matter. It seems to me that, as far as
that is concerned, I could not permit myself to
sit here and allow the Senator to make an argu-
ment which proceeded on the supposition that
the Senator from Connecticut and I were not to
be considered as Representatives of the States
which elected us, but were to be annexed to the
South, merely because it suited the gentleman's
argument that we should be.
Mr. BUTLER. But for one remark made by
my friend from Ohio, I should not rise to say a
single word in connection with this matter. It so
happens that many gentlemen from the South are
at the head of important committees; but it should
be remembered that when Senators have once
occupied that position, it would not be proper in
all cases to remove them, ^cause that would
imply censure. In th'e original organization of
the committees, so far as I know, they had no
reference to sectionalism at all. There was a
Whig party and a Democratic partv; and of
course, the Democratic party having the ascend-
ency, had a larger number on the committees
than the members of the Whig party. At the t
time of the original organization of the commit*
tees, the party which has now sprung up was
unknown as a party, and 1 do not know to this
day what State its candidate for the Presidency
hails from. I know he is not from the South:
But in reference to what has been said by my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Puon,] I have a remark
to make. Since I have been a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary I do not believe a
sectional question has ever been agitated among
them. It was at my instance that the Senator
from Ohio was placed on that committee, before
I had been introduced to him. I had heard that
he was a good lawyer; and I knew that the inter-
ests of Ohio—I knew that the interests of the
lakes, and the many questions growing out of
those interests, required practical knowledge of
the laws applicable to them, which I had not; and
when called upon to say who I thought ought to
come from that section of the country to take
charge of interests of that kind, I indicated the
honorable Senator from Ohio, without ever hav-
ing been introduced to him. I took him from
reputation, and he has verified all that was said
of him.
As to my friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Totr-
cet,] the Senator says that he is not a northern
man. I would like tg know how the Senator
from Illinois can claim to be more of a northern
man than he of old Connecticut, which was
known long before Illinois came into this Con-
federacy. It is unfair—I say it is unjust, gen-
tlemen; and 1 give you to understand that, at
the next session, I shall ask to be relieved from
service on the Judiciary Committee. I will re-
sign my position on it. I will not hear it eter-
nally the subject of remark by gentlemen, when
I know, before this tribunal and Heaven, that!
have never entertained, so far as regards the
questions brought before that committee, any-
other than a desire to consult the interests of all.
In case of the Senator from Illinois's election, I
had nothing of the feeling attributed to me before
the case was sent to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish not to be mis-
understood. I have said nothing reflecting on
any gentleman upon any of the committees, and
least of all would I say anything reflecting upon
the honorable chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee—I have no occasion to do so; I have seen
nothing that would justify me in doing so—nor
upon either of the other gentlemen upon that com-
mittee. My point was not in regard to individ-
ual members of that committee. The point which
I sought to make was, that the committees of this
body were so organized as to exclude totally from
many of the more important committees any rep-
resentation of that great northern sentiment which
has manifested itself in the recent canvass by the
support of Colonel Fremont for the Presidency.
That was what I meant to say; and I saidnothing,
and certainly intended to say nothing, which
could reflect at all upon the individual members
either of the Judiciary or any other committee;
least of all did I say anything in regard to the
chairman of any committee. It seemed to me
that it was illiberal to exclude from important
committees so great an interest as that of which
I have spoken.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, Ihavelistened,
not with any great deal of patience 1 confess, to
this discussion 4s it has gone on, with a very
strong disinclination to embark in it at all; and I
am not going to do so now, any further than to
endeavor to state, so that the country may tinder-
stand, if the Senator from Illinois does not under-
stand the pres.nt organization of the committees
of this body. There are some things which I
had supposed were familiar to all, and lean hardly
believe now that they are not perfectly familiar
to the Senator from Illinois. One is, that at the
short session of Congress, although there is m
form a reorganization of the committees of each
House, in fact there is none, except so far as they
are made necessary by vacancies which h«\e
occurred. There may be other reasons, but this
is, perhaps, the only one which operates gener-
