m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
ally. There may be death, assignation, orsome
occasion of that'sort, which changes an individual
on a committee at the short session of Congress.
It is so in the House of Representatives. The
conduct of the Speaker of the House at this
session is but a repetition of the usage. There
is scarcely a committee changed at all. It is so
in the Senate. That has been the conduct of the
Senate now, according to uniform usage, so far as
I know.
Another thing is known to that honorable
Senator in the history of this country—that when
these committees were formed, the great Repub-
lican party of the North which he names, and
whose name he reiterates so often, had not a
formal existence. These committees were organ-
ized when the mass of those in this body who
now belong to that organization belonged to the
old Whig party; and they wore put on commit-
tees accordingly., The Senators from New York
and from Vermont were members of the old
Whig party. So were the Senators from Mary-
land and Kentucky. Wo may name others who
belonged to that organization known as the Whig
party, and they were placed on various commit-
tees as such, with all that courtesy and respect
which have ever been practiced.
Other Senators in this body, like the Senators
from New Hampshire and Massachusetts,
[Messrs. Hale and Somner,] were known as
Abolitionists. The Senator from New Hamp-
thire had been the candidate of the Abolition
party for President. They had places on com-
mittees, but they did not belong to the Whig
organization of the country. Those Senators
now, in the exercise of a privilege which belongs
to every American citizen, have seen fit to unite
• themselves in what they are pleased to denom-
inate a Republican party. If the Senate are called
upon to reorganize their committees as often as
that organization sees fit to change its political
name, they will have a very busy time of it.
I am willing to sit here with as much patience
as any other man, to listen to a discussion upon
principle, be it what it may, however distasteful
it may bo to my opinions; but when such sub-
jects as these are brought up with an evident
attempt at distortion before the country, where
the matter is not as familiar as it is in the Senate,
it is a little more than a man's patience ought to
bear. The Senator from Illinois talks about our
organization of committees bein" sectional. That
is his platform of argument. To prove it to be
a sectional organization of committees he under-
takes to show" that upon certain of them there
are no Republicans, if that would prove section-
alism upon the part of the majority of the Senate
in organizing the committees, then two and two
can be made to count five. " Sectional," as it is
named in this country, means northern or south-
ern. The Senator has named a committee—that
uppn Indian Affairs-—which is composed entirely
of gentlemen from tlio southern States. Is it so
composed-by design, does any one suppose, or
has it so happened in the organizing of commit-
tees ? But in connection with that committee, I
must be permitted to state a fact, and I will ask
the Senator from Illinois, and those lovers of
freedom par excellence with whom he associates,
to see what that committee has done, and tell mc
whether this great party of freedom imitated it?
There was referred to that committee, at the last
session, hy myself, a petition asking for compen-
sation to the widow of an Indian agent, who had
been killedinKansas,formerlyresidentofthe State
which I represent. The committee, composed of
gentlemen from the southern States, unanimously
reported a bill for the relief of the widow, making
compensation to her for the injury,and paying the
salary which remained due. Thff bill was brought
into ihe Senate, and was opposed and voted
against by most of the gentlemen belonging to
this great Republican organization. If this be
sectional, or if it be evidence of sectionalism, I
should like to hear the argument from which that
fact is deduced.
Sir, it would be infinitely better, before making
such a charge, to wait for an occasion when
a committee of this body, by its action, shall
show that, being sectional in its organization,
it is sectional in its feelings, in. its deportment,
ar^l in its propositions. When that time comes,
whether it be evidenced from the North or the
South, then I will stand up, if I should be so
fortunate as to be present in the Senate, with
the Senator from Illinois, or any other Senator,
to condemn it. But we have seen nothing of that
sort, and I trust we never shall.
I rose merely to ask that the custom of the
Senate &nd of both Houses of Congress, in respect
to their committees, should be fairly stated, and
not have an effort made to show that there is sec-
tionalism because a party that has sprung up as
of yesterday is not represented on committees,
wjhen no extended reorganization of committees
has been had since they took their name. If that
party shall last so long as these gentlemen seem
to think—for I have listened to them the last week
telling what they are going to do in 1860 and con-
tinuously—I doubt not that, though in a minority
in this body, they wi.ll have such places on com-
mittees as the courtesy of any legislative body
would give to them under such circumstances.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, this may be a
very important matter; but I do not so regard it.
If, however, the Senator from Illinois considers
it a very important point upon which to go before
the country as evidence of the correctness or in-
correctness of different parties, I am sorry that
he did not state all the facts in reference to the
committees. So fur as my committee, the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, is con-
cerned, I can say, that at the last session of
"Congress there were six members on the com-
mittee, of whom three were Republicans; and
very clever gentlemen they were. I think that
was an ample share for them. I loft here for my
home in the early part of the session; and then
the committee consisted of five—three Repub-
licans, one Democrat, and one American. That
was the constitution of my committee. At this
session, one of the Republicans has not been
placed on it, for the reason that he has been
elected the Governor of his State, and in all prob-
ability will leave here in a few days, and a Dem-
ocrat from the northern States has been put in his
place. We have two very clever gentlemen of
the Republican party on the committee now,
which consists of six in all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the list of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
the last session before me. I do not deem it a
point of any consequence, but as a mere matter
of fact, I should like to know where he finds his
three Republicans.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator's colleague [Mr.
Hamlin] I put down as one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lie was not at the time
he was appointed.
Mr. RUSK. I do not know what he was then;
but he very soon afterwards announced his con-
nection with that party.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Take the matter at the
commencement.
Mr. RUSK. I well knew he was a Republican
then, and he so announced afterwards. The
gentleman at the honorable Senator's left hand
[Mr. Collamer] was another.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee was, Mr.
Rusk, chairman, Mr. Yulee, Mr. Hamlin, Mr.
Adams, Mr. Jones of Iowa, and Mr. Collameh.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. Jones, of Iowa, resigned,
and Mr. Durkee was appointed in his place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is speaking
of the constitution of the committee at the present
session. I have the printed list of the committees
as appointed a year ago.
Mr. RUSK. The gentleman may have the
list; but I know that Mr. Durkee was on the
committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at the beginning of
the session; but in the progress of the session Mr.
Jones, of Iowa, resigned, and Mr. Durkee was
appointed in his place.
Mr. RUSK. 1 was not here at the commence-
ment of the session when the committee was
formed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. Jones went off the
committee during the session.
Mr. RUSK. He must have gone off very
early, for I met Mr. Durkee at the first meeting
of the committee. %
Mr. BUTLER. There is not enough of that
party for all the committees.
Mr. RUSK. They want all. So far as I am
concerned, I will cheerfully yield the labor of my
committee to my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer.] I believe he has some bad opinions on
the subject of slavery, but I do not think he
brings them into the Post Office Committee. I
never heard them there. I am told that the other
Senator [Mr. Durkee] has very decided opinions
on that subject, but he has never said " negro"
in the committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. I think, with other Senators, that
this is a very small matter; but, inasmuch as it
has been alluded to, I wish to call attention to two
facts which have not been adverted to. In my
opinion, it was not only very inappropriate, but
very unfortunate, on the part of the Senator from
Illinois to make any allusion to the constitution
of the committees of the Senate. He has charged
that the committees have been organized for sec-
tional purposes, or at least that a sectional spirit
has been evinced in the exclusion of northern
men from certain committees. When it is brought
to his notice that some two of the committees to
1 which he has alluded have two northern Senators,
then he objects that the Republican party are not
represented there., Now, what is the inference—
the inevitable inference, from this remark ? It
implies the very charge against this party which
we make, that it is a sectional party, fie con-
fesses it by complaining that they are not put
upon committees. Sir, he was peculiarly unfor-
tunate in his allusion to the constitution of the
committees of the House of Representatives.
We might charge with just cause, and sustain it
by fact, that the committees of that House were
organized upon sectional grounds. Out of forty
committees of that body or upwards, you will
find that the South has been proscribed upon all
those committees which involve the consideration
of any of her material interests; and not only
proscribed, but she has been put in a minonty.
Outof more than forty committees, her Represent-
atives are given the chairmanship of but five, and
they of the most inferior, inconsiderable, and un-
important character. Hence it will not do for
them to charge sectionalism upon the organizing
of committees of this body. Let them vindicate
themselves and their party from the just and true
charge of sectionalism in the organizing of the
committees of the other House.
Mr. HALE. Mr President, I did not mean
to enter into this subject; but as the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] with that candor
which pertains to him, and that fairness with
which he always endeavors to speak, undertook
to set history right, I want to correct him if i
can. I think that when the committees were
organized at the last session, what he terms the
great Republican party was just as well known
as a party, and known by that cognomen, as it
is at this moment. Several gentlemen who had
formerly acted with the Whig party, finding that
a large number of their colleagues who had aeted
with them were in this relation, notified the dom-
inant party that they did not belong to any recog-
nized political organization at that time. The
Republican party was as well known then as now.
But, sir, I do not wish to complain of the organ-
ization of the committees. I feel ratljer grate-
ful, because I was here when myself, and a
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Susiner,]
and a Senator from the State of Ohio, [Mr.
Chase,] since elected Governor of that State,
were studiously excluded from every committee;
not upon sectional grounds—I will vindicate the
majority from that charge—but because we did
not belong to a healthy political organization. «
[Laughter.] That was assigned upon this floor
as the reason. It was the reason. That was a
fair, square, manly spoken, right up and down
honest fact. [Laughter.] Now, sir, the fact that
I have been put upon the Committee on Public
Buildings, and also upon the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, shows that a majority think
this organization is in vastly better health than
it used to be, [laughter;] that it is now a political
organization which can be recognized, and that
we have consideration enough and judgment
enough to duly weigh all things relating to the
building of stone walls, [laughter,]0 laving
foundations for public edifices, painting pictures
on panels, and things of that sort.
Again, sir, the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims is a committee which has charge of the
nation's conscience, to pay the great debt of
gratitude that the present generation owes to the
past; which requires the most tender considera-
tion of the finest feelings of humanity; which
