,1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
matter pending before the House. Perhaps I
ought to apologize to the House for haying
allowed myself to be drawn from the line of legit-
imate debate. The friends of Mr. Buchanan,
and of the Administration from the South, pro-
pound questions to me, and then before I can
answer them fully one of his friends from Penn-
sylvania makes an objection. This indicates
that the matter is growing uncomfortably warm.
Mr. FLORENCE. J beg the gentleman's
pardon. I have asked no question. I submitted
the point of order because I believed that the
gentleman's remarks were violative of decorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion whatever to yielding the floor to any num-
ber of questions, provided the friends of the
Administration or of Mr. Buchanan will allow me
to reply to them. This system of putting ques-
tions, and then cutting off a reply with points of
order, js not fair. I have many other interesting
facts on the subject of " nigger votes," which I
will reserve for the future. Mr. Speaker, I have
said more than I intended to say when I took the
floor. There are others here from the South as
well as from the North, who will expose fully,
and in detail, the base system of trickery which
was resorted to during the canvass, in giving two
constructions to the Kansas-Nebraska bill, by
which it was made to be a measure in favor of
freedom for Kansas on the one side of the line,
and in favor of slavery on the other. At present
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. CLINGMAN, 1 wish to inquire what
number of copies the gentleman asks to have
printed ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Ten thousand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to amend by sub-
stituting twenty thousand. My reason for moving
the amendment is, that at the last session there
was some controversy in the House as to whether
or not this question went, as a matter of course,
to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print extra
numbers goes, under the rules, to the Committee
on Printing. |
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I had known that I.I
would not have risen from my seat. I do not!
propose to enter into any discussion of the Kan- '
sas-Nebraska bill. We have debated that sub-
ject for the last three years, and I am sure that:
our side, at. least, are willing to rest it upon their !
arguments^lready made. If the argument made '
by the gentleman from Ohio and his friends is j
not satisfactory to them, as I imagine it is not >
from their disposition to reopen the discussion, !
that is their business; but I do hope that the :
rambling debate just commenced may not be con- j
tinued at this time. There will hereafter be ample j
opportunity for gentlemen to review this battle- i
field if they so desire. My object is to prevent j
its continuance now; and for that purpose, and j
that we may proceed to the transaction of the :
ordinary business of the House, I shall call for j
the previous question. i
Mr. ORR. I trust the gentleman will allow 1
me to offer a resolution in reference to this mat- ,
ter, which will, under the rules, go to the Com-
rhittee on Printing, before he calls for the previous
question. ,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I yield for that purpose, i
Mr. ORR. I offer the following resolution: I
Resolved, That two hundred additional copies of the i
President's message and accompanying document* be
printed for the use of each of the Seetetaries of^?tate,
Treasuiy, Interior, War, and Navv Departments, tiie At-
torney General, and the Postmaster General.
The resolution was, under the rules of the
House, referred to the Committee on Printing. ■
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask my friend from North •
Carolina to yield the floor while I make a single !
remark in reference to the proposed call for the !
previous question. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cami'Bcli.,] who has departed from the
usual practice'of the House on the reception of
the President's message, and consumed time by
irrelevant and useless debate, is the chairman of
the Committee oT Ways and Meatus, to which is
intrusted the maturing of all of tne important
business of the session; and, as he has evinced
no desire to have that business progressed with,
I do not see why it is necessary for us to urge
him to do so. I hope the debate will b  allowed
to go on.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I agree with my friend
from Alabama, that the gentleman from Ohio has
commenced an irrelevant and useless debate, and
so believing I wish to put a stop to it. I do not
object to continuing the debate when we are in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It will be in order whenever the House
resolves Ltself into that committee. But for to-
day I desire that we shall get rid of this question;
and if the call for the previous question is sus-
tained, and the matter is disposed of, I will, if I
get' the floor, move that the States and Territo-
ries be called for bills and resolutions. I have
propositions which I am desirous of getting be-
fore the proper standing committees. There are
other gentlemen here who have bills and resolu-
tions which they wish to have introduced.
Mr. GROW. Is this debate relevant to the
subject?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
the question to print the message of the President
brings the whole matter before the body, and
affords to members the widest latitude of debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is very strange that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania should sit quietly
in his seat, and allow the gentleman from Ohio
to run over the whole country, and never think
it was irregular until I rose for the purpose of
putting a stop to such irrelevant discussion. I do
not wish to continue that debate. I want to have
it terminated at this point, at least for this day.
If anybody desires to reply to the speech of the
gentleman from Ohio, he can do so when we are
m the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
! Union. With all deference to other gentlemen, I
do not think it needs any reply. I now call for
the previous question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Does the Chair decide
that^the motion to print the President's message
does not open the subject-matter of that message
for discussion:
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no for-
mal decision in the matter, but only stated, in
reply to an inquiry of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that, on the motion to print, the whole
question was before the House, and open to the
fullest discussion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I trust the ,
House will not sustain the call for the previous I
question. The President has gone at length into >
what he claims to have been decided by the recent
presidential election. He has misrepresented the
views of a large mass of the people of the North.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object is to term-
inate this debate, and I therefore call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER. Pending the call for the
previous question, debate is out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for tellers on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Kei.i.y were appointed. ;
The question was taken; and the tellers re- '
ported—ayes 52, noes 87. j
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
that the slavery question would not have been
thrust upon us during this session. The party
with which I have the honor to act was willing
to devote the short time until the close of this ;
Congress to other pressing subjects \\ hicli demand
our legislative care; but the President and his :
supporters here are not content with this course. ;
Upon the first day ot'this session we were called ;
upon to pass upon the right of Mr. Whitfield !
to a seat here as Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas. This depends entirely upon the validity i
of he enactments of what is known as the Shaw- ;
nee Mission Legislature. The House, at the ,
last session, judicially determined, after a full in-;
vestigation, that these enactments are null and '
void, by reason of the illegality of the election of
that body. When the question is again thrust.
upon us, the House promptly, without unneces- !
sary debate, adhered to their previous decision, j
The Democratic party then resorted to the tactics j
of delay, and have already wasted one week of j
the session. Before this question is disposed of,
the President sends us this extraordinary mes- |
sage. He does not content himself with perform-
ing his constitutional duty of giving to Congress
information of the state ot the Union, and recom-
mending to its consideration such measures as he
judges necessary and expedient, but devotes one
half of his message to an arraignment of a great
and growing party which the errors of his admin-
istration have called into being. This course is
j unusual, and, I believe, is unprecedented, and if
| followed by his successors, will convert a docu-
j ment heretofore looked for by all our people as
1 an impartial State paper into a mere partisan
manifesto.
j Not only does he embody in his message a
j stump spcech in defense of his policy, but he
I misrepresents the principles and purposes of Ilia
j political opponents. The ghost of his defeated
I hopes haunts him at every step, and he seeks to
j allay the phantom by ceaseless clamor. While
l writing a document for history his excited mind
jj will not allow him to forget the appeals of the
I hour. It is true that some indulgence should be
j extended to him in view of his position. He came
! into power on a high wave of popular favor.
,j The good wishes of all men accompanied him to
j; the White House; and his promises in his first
ij message quieted even the enmity of his oppo-
; nents. They were as cheering as his hope was
buoyant. He is about to retire, deserted by his
' own party, by his own State, and, I believe, by
i his own town. If, under these circumstances,
! his message had not shown some of the bitterness
of disappointed ambition, it would not have been
human; but few were prepared for such an exhi-
bition of harmless resentment.
It is only to so much of the message as relates
to the slavery question that I wish now to call
the attention of the House. The conduct of our
i foreign affairs has been chiefly intrusted to the
■ able Secretary of State, and his direction evinces
'• great sagacity and ability. The routine of the
j Departments has been well enough; for the un-
; bounded prosperity, and energy, and industry of
j our people have made the ordinary functions of
! the Government easy. But the gangrene which
, troubles the President was not occasioned by
j these, but bij the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
; This was the great error of the Administra-
tion—the rock upon which it has split. This is
the cause of the troubles in Kansas, and the
intense excitement of the country. It is to ex-
plain, to extenuate, to mystify the consequences
of this error that the President repeats the stere-
otyped arguments of the recent campaign. Sir,
the very existence of the Republican party,
| which the President so much deplores, is one of
| the effects of this measure. If it forebodes all the
; evils he predicts, remember that he rubbed the
j magic lamp which called it into being. The
j people of the northern States believe that the
i tendency and design of this measure was to ex-'
| tend the sectional institution of slavery into free
j territory. Against this they protested. To make
; their protest effectual they formed themselves
| into a political organization. That this party is
; confined to the North is no fault of theirs, but
1 rather a reproach to the South, by showing that
there the sectional institution of slavery is
stronger than parties, compromises, or compacts,
, when these interfere with their local interests.
While the sentiment of opposition to the exten-
sion of slavery into the new Territories isuniver-
' sal with the new party, its members -were from
all the old parties, and embraced persons of op-
i posite views upon the subject of slavery. Thus
■ a very few—perhaps not two thousand in the
[ whole country, who were genuine Abolitionists,
1 and believed that Congress had the power, and
: that it was its duty to abolish slavery in the
i States, sympathized with the new party; but the
great majority of them went back to their old
love, and supported Gerrit Smith. Of this class
not as many voted for Fremont, and these were
' avowed disunionists of a single State voting for
i Buchanan.
There is another class of anti-slavery men, of
much greater numbers, influence, and ability, who
' acted with the new party. They are those who
believe that Congress has not only the power >but
that it is its duty, to prohibit slavery in the Dis-
: triet of Columbia and in the national dock-yards,
and also the commerce in slaves between the
several States. This class of citizens has been
; honestly, ablv, and fearlessly represented on this
floor by my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Gid-
■! dings,] and perhaps others. Such are their opin-
i ions now; but they are no more ingrafted upon
; the Republican platform than the recent doctrine
