1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
none can deny. But who and what has produced
them? What has so aroused and surcharged the
body-politic, that slight friction produces the
an°ry spark ? All these spring from the sense of
wrong. This was produced by the President and
his party, and by his mal-administration in Kan-
sas. He was reckless and bold in producing
the storm; and when it came upon him, and actual
strife and discord were the result, he was weak,
inefficient, timid, and partial.
Again, we are charged with " indoctrinating
the people with reciprocal hatred, and educating
them to stand face to face as enemies, rather than
shoulder to shoulder as friends." When did this
process commence ? Surely, not when the Presi-
dent commenced his term. Then all was peace
and harmony. He tells us so m his first mes-
sage. The first lesson in this process of aliena-
tion was when Mr. Douglas made his famous
report. Every act of the President since that
time has been a new lesson. The Republican
party is a party of defense. It only seeks to
place matters precisely where the President found
them. The President is at the head and fountain
of the stream. Whatever evils flow from it are
to be ascribed to him; and I have no doubt that
in Ins imputatious against us he described his
own crime and its evil effects.
We are here told that the people of the United
States have decided that the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise was right. Here again I take
issue with the President. If this question had
been submitted to them, it could not have received
three hundred thousand votes ill its favor in the
northern States. It was* only by evading this
very question by the nomination'of James Buch-
anan that the Democratic party avoided an over-
whelming defeat. -
Mr. CADWALADER. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio how he can reconcile that
proposition with the fact, that the President elect
ratified and approved of the bill repealing the
Missouri compromise by a public declaration
before his election?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can very easily reply to
that by showing that the supporters of the Pres-
ident elect have placed upon the platform of the
Democratic party constructions entirely diverse.
Mr. CADWALADER. I do not desire to
interrupt the gentleman unnecessarily with a
repetition of questions; but I desire him to state
in what congressional district, within his knowl-
edge, the Democratic candidate for Congress has
expressed anything but approbation of the repeal
of the Missouri restriction in the canvass which
is lately concluded ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I might with perfect truth
say, from report—for I cannot be personally
acquainted with the facts in every case—that in
every district in Ohio the course I have indicated
was pursued. The train of their argument was,
that the Democratic party, by throwing over-
board Pierce and Douglas in the Cincinnati Con-
vention, put their seal of disapprobation upon the
expediency of this measure. By bringing forward
Mr. Buchanan, a new man, and who had been
absent when the bill passed, they evaded the
issue; and then all over the country the Demo-
cratic party put upon their flags, transparencies,
and banners, "Buchanan, Breckinridge, and free
Kansas." They said further, that we Republican
members had violated our promises by voting for
a law to extend slavery into Kansas by voting
for Dunn's bill; and that if our competitors «rere
elected they would see that Kansas was made a
free State; and that the election of Buchanan
would do more to make it a free State than any-
thing else. Such was the line of their argument
throughout Ohio.
Mr. CADWALADER. The gentleman has
not answered my question. His omission to do
so was, I am sure, unintentional. He has not
answered it in any one particular. My question
invited specifications as to the particular congres-
sional district in which a Democratic candidate
expressed disapprobation of the re'poal of the
Missouri restriction? The gentleman not noti-
cing the point of the question, as I put it, but in-
troducing an altogether different proposition,
spoke of banners winch I never saw and of which
I never heard except lately from members of his
party in the Senate and in this House, and men-
tioned declarations uttered during the canvass
that Kansas would come into the Union as a free
State. If I rightly understand him, he says that, j
such declarations were made in every eongres- ;
sional district in his own State. That is a broad :
statement, which, however, involves a very dif- i
ferent question. If deemed material it may be :
investigated hereafter, and affirmed, or denied |
upon information to be received from the proper ;
quarter; and  |
Mr. SHERMAN. The congressional district i
in which I live is the thirteenth. That is one. |
Another congressional district, of which I have
some knowledge, is that of my friend, Mr. Sapp
—the fifteenth. Another district is that of my
friend, Mr. Galloway. I do not know the num- !
ber. In that central district, where the great I
power of the Democratic party of Ohio lies—in .
that district, of my own personal knowledge, the ,
gentleman who is elected to succeed Mr. Gallo- j
way, was elected upon the very proposition now >
stated, that the election of Mr. Buchanan would |
certainly make Kansas a free State, or would tend j
to do itmore than the election of the Republicans, I
who had violated their pledges by voting for j
Dunn's bill. !
Mr. CADWALADER. I desire merely to ;
conclude my unfinished sentence at the point
where the gentleman from Ohio resumed his 1
remarks. I said that his last general declaration :
State, evaded the issue, and insisted that it would
come in as a free State. They themselves de-
clared their determination to resist the extension
of slavery, and to resist even the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a slave State. I hold
in my hand the Pittsburg Post, a well known
Democratic organ, in which the expectation of
all the people of the northern States is stated—
that Kansas, Nebraska, Oregon, Minnesota, and
others, will come in as free States, and so settle
the preponderance of the free over the slave
; States. Such is the Democratic sentiment of the
1 North. They expect and will insist upon the
admission of Kansas as a free State.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Has not the ver-
dict of the people, in the recent presidential con-
test,been against the opinions of the gentleman's
party? Now does he regard Ohio as the North,
excluding all those great States which have cast
their votes for Mr. Buchanan ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have 110 objection to
answering that question. I can only speak for
the people among whom I have been. The county
in which I live was in the old political contests
the strongest Democratic county in the State of
Ohio. It has been known as the " old Berks"
of that State. Under the misstatement of the
issue, to which I have referred, that county gave
aS to Ohio might be passed "over, because the ij eighty-nine majority for my competitor; the^is-
subjecf, if deemed material, could be investigated j| trictreturnedmeforthe next Congress byamajor-
hereafter. This was proper, because there is no !: ity of nearly three thousand—wore- than it was
Democratic member of the present Congress from jj two years ago. In the State the Democratic party
that State. I did not hear the gentleman very ;j have a majority in but one district, and that ma-
distinctly throughout his remarks, but I under- !i jority was only fifty-three. The Republican
stood him him to refer to the canvass in a district ; j party had to fight against two enemies. By this _
of Illinois. I desire him to give the number of division several Democrats were elected. In
that district, in order that the Democratic mem- regard to the northern States, my friend from
bewfrom that State may be enabled to notice the ; Tennessee well knows that the great majority of
subject, if they see proper. I also desire the gen-jj the people there have determined against this
tleman to say whether his remarks are limited to :j Administration and the territorial policy it has
his own State of Ohio, and to that one district of j inaugurated. The southern States, excepting
' Marvland, went in a body for Buchanan. Why?
Because Mr. Buchanan would best advance the
southern interests. The question in the South,
if I understand it, was whether the American or
the Democratic party was most reliable in favor
of slavery ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I saw a good
deal of the canvass in the South, and every man
I heard speak appealed to the people to support
Buchanan because he would protect every section
Mr. SHERMAN. I may be mistaken, but if
I understand the contest in the South, it was
between the American and the Democratic party.
The people there were called upon to decide
which of those parties was most reliable on the
Illinois; because, if his remarks are to be ex- J
tended to other States, including my own, I desire
to be heard myself in reply. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I made no reference what- j
ever to any district in Illinois, for I was not there. '
I was actively engaged in the canvass in Ohio; |
and in every district in which I appeared, that j
was the position assumed by the Democratic j
party. It is so stated in all their newspapers and j
public journals. From what I heard and have ' _
read, I am satisfied that, in Ohio and Indiana, the ij of the Union—not because he was peculiarly for
Democratic party evaded meeting the question of ; the South or the North.
the repeal of the Missouri compromise. Indeed, 1
in Ohio, when members of the Democratic party
were glorifying--over the success of their candi- !
dates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency, as
they had the right to do, I myself saw in their ; 
procession the motto upon one of their banners of ij ommpresentaBdail-absorbingquestionof slavery.
"Buchanan, Breckinridge, and Free Kansas;" jj The President has not onl^misrepresented the
upon another was the motto, " Kansas will bleed u ;ssue before the people—not only misrepresented
no longer." [Cries of " That is right I "J Yes, M tjje policy and the measures of the Republican
but they meant that the Administration which had , party, but he now seeks to avoid and throw upon
caused blood to be spilled in Kansas was soon to ■ i lt ti-,e consequences of the reopening of the sla-
expire, and be superseded by another in favor of 1 vel.y agitation by the repeal of the Missouri
the admission of the Territory into the Union as !| compromise. That all the evils which have dis-
a free State. Such was the sentiment throughout ' j traded our country for the last two years have
the North; and I tell gentlemen they ^re mistaken . grown out of that repeal, every candid man must
if they suppose the people of the North-—of Ohio, '! If this measure had not been agitated,
Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Illinois—will agree to ■ the Abolition party, as it is called, or the party
the extension of slavery into Kansas. They ex- j seeking to interfere with slavery in the southern
pect that Territory to come into the Union asa!| States, would have ceased to exist, and could
free State, under all circumstances. I am sure ; have had no political power. The contest there
that even those who are opposed to me in politics, j
and coming from the free States, will admit such ij
30 be the expectation of their people. They were
led to believe it will be a free State, and voted
under that impression. Had not such been the
case, Buchanan and Breckinridge never would
have received any of their votes.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Ohio, whether the Republican
party in his State did not take the ground, that
if Mr. Buchanan was elected Kansas would be
admitted as a slave State ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It did. I said that Buch-
anan, if elected, would be elected by the South,
and that, as such was the desire of the South,
Kansas would be admitted into the Union as a
slave State. The Democratic party of the North,
instead of taking the broad ground that the
alleged laws were valid, and that if the people
who would vote under those laws should so de-
termine, then Kansas mis-lit come m as a slave
would have been between the Whig and the Dem-
ocratic party. The Whig party was crushed by
the desertion of its southern members, who aided
the President and Mr. Douglas in the repeal,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman one question. I ask him if he
himself would.like to see the Abolition party
crushed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer with great
pleasure. I never had any affilfation with what
is known as the Abolition party. I was attached
to the Whig party.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would like a
direct answer to my question.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I had my voice, I would
not have one single political Abolitionist m the
northern States. I am opposed to any interference
by the northern people with s avery m the slave
States. I act with the Republican party, with
hundreds of thousands of others, simply because
