1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
m
(S. R. No. 44) granting further time to the cred-
itors of Texas to present their claims, and for
other purposes; which was read the first and
second times by unanimous consent, and ordered
to be printed.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, moved to take up the
following resolution, which was submitted by him
yesterday:
Resolved., That such of the standing committees as were
authorized to employ clerks during the last session, and
have not permanent clerks, be authorized, for the present,
to employ clerks, to date from the commencement of the
session.
Mr. HALE. I hope the resolution will not be
taken up at present. There were some very
strange disclosures made at the last session in
relation to this subject, and I want a little time to
examine them. I am told that for long sessions
there are committees here which have clerks who
are paid during the whole session, and some
during the vacation, who do not actually devote
two days of time during the session to their
duties. That statement was made to me. I
cannot vouch for its truth; but a gentleman made
it. If it be that we are employing clerks for
every one of these committees, it is time the
matter were looked into. I hope that the resolu-
tion will not be taken up now. '
Mr. FISH. I hope the objection to taking up
the resolution will be withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. FISH. I interposed an objection to the
consideration of this resolution yesterday for the
same reasons which have been stated by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. During the last
session, I believe nearly all committees of ^he
Senate were authorized to employ clerks. I know
of one or more committees who did employ
clerks from the very commencement of the ses-
sion, (and of one of them I can speak know-
ingly,) that held but one meeting during the
entire session. I am not aware that it presented
a single report, or that more than a single subject
was referred to it, or was under consideration by
that committee. I hear of others who did not
even go so far as to hold a single meeting, unless
it may have been for the purpose of appointing
their clerk. I intended, when the subject came
up, to offer a resolution of inquiry; but, instead
of that, I propose now—and I believe it will meet
the approbation of the mover of the resolution—
to refer it to the Committee on Retrenchment to
inquire and report which of the standing com-
mittees of this body ought to be authorized to
employ a clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. 1 will agree to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the resolution will be considered as
before the Senate. The Chair hears none. The
question is upon the motion to refer it to the
Committee on Retrenchment.
The motion,was agreed to.
committee on printing.
Mr. PEARCE. We omitted yesterday to
appoint a Committee on Printing. There is work
for that committee to do. I submit the following
order, and ask for its consideration:
Ordered, That the Committee on Printing consist of Mr.
Johnson, (chainnan,) Mr. FiTZPATRicK.ahd Mr. Fessen-
bes.
The proposed order was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to.
the president's message.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following order, submitted by Mr. Fitzfatrick
on the 2d instant:
Ordered, That the message and accompanying documents
be printed, and that fifteen thousand additional copies be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The pending question being on the proposition
of Mr. Adams to refer all that part of the order
relating to the printing of additional numbers of
the accompanying documents to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. ADAMS. If the motion which I have
made be the cause of the debate which has been
going on, and if by withdrawing it I can stop
further debate, and avoid the consumption of time
on the subject, I-am willing to withdraw it. I
understand that the amount of unnecessary mat-
ter contained in the accompanying documents is
not so large as it was at first supposed to be. My
friend from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpatrick] has
looked into it, and discovered that fact; therefore
I have no objection to withdrawing my proposi-
tion, and let the vote be taken on the resolution
as originally offered by him.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is not in the
Senator's power to withdraw his motion without
leave of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in entering
upon my duties as a member of this body, I
entertained the notion that legitimate discussion
should be confined to questions—especially ques-
tions of importance—which were pending before
the Senate. But, sir, I was early disappointed
in this view. I soon ascertained that Senators
with a large measure of age and experience and
learning, considered that there were other, and
perhaps more important duties, than those lying
within the scope of legitimate discussion; and
particularly one was, to prepare the public mind.
My own opinion was, that the public mind should
prepare itself, and should not receive its direction
from the debates and action of either the Senate
or House of Representatives in Congress assem-
bled. Those bodies should rather be the echo
than the formation of public sentiment. Itseemed
to me that it was transforming this body from a
deliberative assembly to an arena of political
party debate.
But my views, it appears, are mistaken entirely.
Experience has shown the fact to be entirely dif-
ferent. That experience has been sustained
by the example of men of the first position in the
country, and it is now too late to question its
propriety. Therefore, even as to subjects that
are legitimately before us, and are proper topics
of ^fcbate, discussion takes a very latitudinous
range. Much the largest part of what is said
here is not said for the purpose of producing an
impression on the body who are supposed to be
its auditors', but it is said, as the vulgar and
common expression is, for Buncombe. I suppose
it is now too late for this ever to be corrected. It
must go on. Inasmuch as it does go on, all men
of all parties must, more or less, participate in it.
It is idle for a man to undertake to elevate himself
to a position of affected dignity, from which he
will not condescend to mingle in these topics.
His constituents have been taught to expect other
things of him; and they have been so taught by
men of such high position that their expectations n
cannot be disappointed by their representative. ii
I make these remarks, sir, because some gen- jj
tlemen have suggested that there is really no iin- ■
Eortant question before us. I think there is not; i,
ut there is a subject before us that I consider of jj
deep importance; and inasmuch as discussion has h
been commenced upon it. I presume it must go on. jj
This message of the President of the United 'j
States, especially all that part of it which relates |j
to the subject we have been talking about—the ji
regulation of slavery in the Territories of the Urn- jj
ted States—its style and manner, the occasion ;!
and the time when it has been presented to us, ;;
have made the impression upon my mind that, jj
however exceptionable it might be m my humble
judgiiicnt, and however in bad taste, that was not
a point for us to settle—*' dr gustihvs non est dispu-
tandum;" but I regarded it rather as the ebulli- j;
tion of an impotent sort of rage on the part of a ['
disappointed, ambitious man, worthy of no par- j;
ticular notice. I believe that scarcely a man, it
perhaps not one, can now be found in this body, jj
who would have ever desired that any such jj
matter should be there; but it is there. Itcomes ;
ex cathedra. It comes indorsed by the authority jj
of the highest executive officer of this Govern- ji
ment. It is sent to the world with that indorse-
ment, backed by that authority. I do not there-
fore wonder that it should be thought worthy of '
some answer. ji
Now, sir, what are the leading features of this
part of the message? The President seems to jj
have reversed the order in which the Constitu- jj
tion puts the schedule of his duties. It provides
that the President "shall, from time to time, give :
to the Congress information of the state of the ,
Union,and recommend to their consideration such r
measures as he shall judge necessary and expedi-
cnt." What docs this mean? It is, that he shall ;
lay before Congress the condition of the coun-
try, with a view to showing them the necessity
of the measures lie recommends; Hut he reverses ''
that order entirely in this message. He says it
is his duty to reco{amend such measures as he
thinks proper; and also his duty to lay before
Congress the condition of the country; the state
of the nation; whether that condition requires
any action or not, or whether he recommends
any action or not. That is a new version—a
new order of things. The leading, features of this
part of the message which I regard as :worthy of
any consideration at all, consist of some extracts
which I shall read. Speaking of the recent pres-
idential canvass in the country, hesays:
" Under the shelter of this great liberty,"—
That is, the liberty of advancing their own
opinions—
" and protected by the laws and usages of the Government
they assail, associations have been formed in some of the
States of individuals who, pretending to seek only to pre-
vent the spread of the institution of slavery into the present
or future inchoate States of the Union, are really inflamed
with a desire to change the domestic institutions of exist-
ing States."
This is a direct charge of false pretenses.
" They seek an object which they well know to be a
revolutionary one."
Again:
" Well knowing that such, and such only, are the infants
and the consequences of their plans and purposes, they
endeavor to prepare the people of the United States for
civil war by doing everything in their power to deceive
the Constitution and the laws of moral authority.'"
Again :
" This attempt has been pointedly rebuked."
What attempt ?
" The attempt of a portion of the States, by a sectional
organization and movement, to usurp the control of the
Government."
I wish to call attention to another expressior*
which is not particularly offensive in its manner,
but in reference to the subject-matter contained:
Revolutionary disorder in Kansas had its origin m
projects of intervention, deliberately arranged by certain
members of that Oonstre^s which enacted the law for the
organization of the Territory. And when propagandist
colonization of Kansas had thus been undertaken in one
section of the Union, for the systematic promotion of its
peculiar views of policy, there ensued, as a matter of course,
a counteraction with opposite views in other sections."
There is one other feature which is too obvious
to require quotation, and that is a charge that a
regular course of aggression upon the rights and
privileges of the southern part.of the United
States has been undertaken and prosecuted.
Such are some of the slight charges which this
message contains. They are couched in no un-
equivocal terms; there can be no mistake about
them. Shall gentlemen tell us that it is in bad taste
now for us to presume to say anything about
this subject here ? Did we begin it even upon this
occasion ? The course of gentlemen on this matter
really reminds me of a good anecdote that I rec-
ollect used to be told by the late Judge McKin-
ley. When some lynching operation was going
on in one of our southern States, there happened
to be a stranger present, who protested against
that kind of violence. He was taken aside by
one of the gentlemen present, who said to him:
" Stranger, this is a free country, and we shalldo
as we please about this business, and you shall
not say anything about it." [Laughter.] That
is their definition of liberty. The President may
say and do precisely what he pleases about this
business, and we shall not say anything aboutit.
I think we are called upon rightly and fairly to
say something.
The President talks a great deal about what he
considers settled by this election, and the rebukes
which it has dealt out. I do not know what has
been settled by thiselection,exceptone thing,and
that is what was said by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] that Mr. Buchanan has
been elected President; and I belie\e that is all that
has been settled'by the election. If anything else
is settled, it should be settled by majorities; and
I cannot but observe that gentlemen on the other
side, in talking about majorities, always put down,
as against the Republican party, or their candi-
date, Mr. Fremont, the whole number of votes
cast for Mr. Buchanan, and the whole number of
votes cast for Mr. Fillmore. They add them
together, and then tell us how we are rebuked.
Thus the majority against Mr. Fremont was
composed of the votes cast for Mr. Buchanan and
Mr. Fillmore united; but the majority against
Mr. Buchanan was opt the vote of Mr. Fillmore
and Mr. Fremont united. That is another thing.
