58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
You must have itarranged arithmetically, like the
old notion of the boys when at copper-play—■
heads I win, tails you lose. [Laughter.].
What was the leading feature of the vote cast
for Mr Fillmore ? What principle did Mr. Pill-
more hold ? I do not know whether his party
had a very full platform of resolutions; but I
ask what did Mr. Fillmore hold on this great
topic of which we are speaking ? What are we
talking' about? The repeal of the Missouri
compromise and the enactment of the Kansas-
Nebraska law, and the principles involved in
that measure. What did Mr. Fillmore say of
that, publicly and openly to the world ? That
the repeal of the Missouri compromise line was
the Pandora's box of all our troubles. I take
it that those who voted for him thought so.
Then, on this very point upon which we are now
talking, and which gentlemen say was an issue
in the election, the votes for Mr. Fillmore and
for Mr. Fremont should be counted together; and
they, put together, decide against the doctrines of
the Cincinnati platform, and of course against
Mr. Buchanan who sustained it. It leaves the
vote for Mr. Buchanan more than three hun-
dred thousand in a minority. Is that rebuking
the Republicans, or approving the doctrines and
platform of the Democrats ? Certainly not at alt.
T#iere is another feature of this message to
which I wish to call attention before entering upon
it at large. The President says, in substance,
that whatever degree of succcss the Republican
party did attain to any considerable extent, must
be attributed to the exercise of deception—the
use of false pretenses. What were the false pre-
tenses ? The principle they presented to the world
was, that the General Government possessed the
power of sovereignty over the Territories, and
ought to exclude the institution of slavery there-
from. He says that was a pretense, and the real
purpose was to intermeddle with slavery in the
States. What is the legal notion of false pretenses?
It is that men attempt to do a thing by some
covert design, and unless yon can expose their
coveit design, they will succeed in their object;
and tlie only way to prevent them is to expose
their covert purposes. Apply that principle to
this case. Hie President as much as says that
the doctrine which they hold—the exclusion of
slavery from the Territories of the Union—is a
doctrine in which they will succeed, unless he
rail make it appear that it is a covert design—a
trirlc, a pretense. He admits that 011 that prin-
ciple lliey will succeed. We are told fairly,
frankly, honorably, by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] that the candidate, whoever
he was, whether a man of straw or not, was en-
tin Iy immaterial. The question is, what is the
principle involved ? That Senator told us that
whenever the principle which I have stated shall
be adopted by the majority and asserted, then
will come a time for separation. The President
tells us that unless he can make out that that is
not the design which they have in view, they will
.suce.eed m it. Is not this a precious confession ?
[t is an obvious and logical one, though probably
not. intended.
FSut, sir, the probable ultimate success of that
principle is not simply to rest upon this oblique
confession of the President. It rests 011 some
more important basis than this.
Whenever we see a set or a party of men come
lorward with new doctrines, the advancement of
new principles, for the commencement of a new
set. of measures, we are apt to think, and we
suppose we have good grounds for the presump-
tion, that they are made for the occasion, and
they are entitled to very little consideration, from
the fact that they are got up simply for the time
being. If that were the character of the prin-
ciples advocated and sustained by the Republican
party, if they are the mere creatures of the day,
tiny would be very ItKely to be of ephemeral
existence. If they are mere novelties, if they be
the creatures of the hour, the figments of the
brain at the moment, then, indeed, it might be
supposed that they had some other, and oblique,
and covert purpose in view, and they will not be
likely to he sustained. Though the Republican
party is. a party yhich may be a new one, the
principles which it sustains, the doctrines on
winch it is based, the purposes which it announces,
may be very ancient. What I insist upon is,
that these principles, these purposes, and these
objects, are as old as, and older, than the history
of this Government; and further, that they have
been sustained at every stage of this Government,
until within a very recent period. They are doc-
trines which entered into the very frame-work
of our Government. They were not only brought
forward and supported by the slaveholding com-
munity itself, but they have been reenacted and
reestablished and reaffirmed at every stage of our
history, from the commencement of this Govern-
ment for more than half a. century. The progress
of this country, under these principles, until
within a very recent occasion, and the prosperity
which has attended it, go fully to affirm the
soundness of those principles. I shall contend
further, that these principles, which are now
reaffirmed and declared by the Republican party,
have been trenched upon only within a short
time past, by the action of the southern people
for local purposes, entering upon a system of
measures that have now called out and demanded
the formation of this Republican party, for the
purpose of redcclaring and fully sustaining the
principles of their fathers.
■ Sir, when the settlement of this country com-
menced, the history of the human race in all its
civil and social relations commenced a new era of
progress; it began from a new starting point. The
institutions ofgovernmentin all theforms in which
they had existed in the European world, were in-
tended and expected to be sloughed off. The idea
was that here there should be established a system
of equal laws and of happy men. They com-
menced the settlement of this land with the great
idea of a popular system of government—a system
of government which implied democracy, if you
please—a system of government which imnlied
the elevation of every man in the communit™to
occupy an equal position, and to exercise an
equal power in the regulation of its concerns. It
has been said by some that their idea was the
establishment of a State without a king, and a
church without a bishop. Yes, sir; but it was
equally clear in their minds that they were to be
not only clear of tyrants and of kings, but they
were also to discard the whole idea of nobility.
There was to be no hierarchy and 110 oligarchy.
All that relationship with which the world in its
progress had been embarrassed for centuries—
under whatever name, whether patrician and
plebeian, whether patron and client, whether land-
lord and tenant, whether lord and vassal, whether
master and slave—should cease in this country.
This great idea took form first upon that little
piece of paper not bigger than a man's hand,
which was written in the cabin of the Mayflower.
; That contained a great seminal principle; and
| when they entered upon their colonial course, so
far as lay within the circuit of their power they
exerted themselves to realize that idea. Their
first, impression was: every man shall own the
land he cultivates, and every man shall himself
cultivate the land he owns. They established at
once the idea of fee-simple—yes, of allodial title.
They struck off all the notions of primogeniture,
and they went 011 m their progress in This way
so long as they continued in their colonial con-
dition. When at last, in the ordering of Divine
Providence, the time arrived when they were
compelled to assert thoir independence against
the Government of England, what did°they
say ? We have acquired'that position; we have
passed into that strength of manhood by which
we are enabled to say, " You have no right to
make laws for us without our being represented, i
you have no right to tax us without our consent." j
The right of government lies in the people of I
this country. It was for the assertion of this j
great principle^ that the declaration was made.
These same principles were embodied more fully 1
and more largely, and, in all their latitude, in the 1
Declaration of Independence. 'When the crisis I
arrived, our fathers of .New England found them- !l
selves not standing alone in relation to these 11
principles. They looked down a little south of il
them, and there were the people from the Re- II
public of Holland ripe and ready for sustaining [j
the same principles, A little further on they '!
found all the free, equal-principles of the Quakers i!
who established themselves under Penn. A little I!
further on, they looked at the liberal provisions lj
which were found in the colony established by l!
the English Catholics under Lord Baltimore. 11
Virginia, with all her high notions of chivalry, Jj
then entertained, if not to the same extent, but,
I believe, with as good foundation as now, was
ready for the same thing. The institution of
slavery had been pressed upon them by another
country. It constituted one of their grounds of
complaint against the mother country. Society
had not formed itself with any reference to de-
pendence upon that institution and condition of
things at that time.'
Passing further south, they came to North
Carolina, where the Presbyterians of Mecklen-
burg had put forth the first declaration of inde-
pendence, in anticipation of that of the 4th of July,
1776. The free, liberal notions of the Huguenots
were deeply implanted in the feelings of the peo-
ple of South Carolina. All these colonies rose
up in a body of men ripe and ready to sustain
the people of New England in all those great
principles and theories of civil government.
They embodied them in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. They together hazarded their lives
upon the high places of the battle-field, in com-
mon to assist them; and they succeeded. When
we came to the formation of our Constitution
of government, we are told that the people of
the then States, recently colonies, were slave-
holders. Yes, sir, so they were. I believe Mas-
sachusetts had adopted her constitution, which
the court afterwards said, in its bill of rights,
abolished slavery; bu't at that time they were
hardly conscious of it. We may say. that all of
them, or all except Massachusetts, if you please,
were slaveholders. What if they were? So
much the better for my argument. I want to
know what they who actually held slaves, one
and all, did upon that occasion? What they
did then, I take it, was not a war aimed at the
Soifth. It was not a narrow, mean prejudice
against the local institutions of some particular
State. They acted in common together. What
did they do in forming the Constitution of the
United States? And,afterformingit,in exercising
the powers which they created under it. They
held slaves; they understood the evils of slavery.
They understood what the system was. They
were recently out of the great struggle for inde-
pendence, and they then said, one and all, this
institution is of that kind; it is so inconsistent
with those great principles which we have de-
clared to the world, and for which we have fought
and bled; it is so illy adapfed to the prosperity
of the nation at large; it is so at war with the first
principles ,of liberty within us, that we here de-
liberately say it shall not go into those parts of
the Union which are beyond the jurisdiction of
any particular States, and within the jurisdiction
of the General Government.
I am aware that the ordinance of 1787 was
adopted before the present Government came into
operation; but, after the adoption of the Consti-
tution, it was immediately reenacted, and estab-
lished in perpetuity by an act of the First Con-
gress. The title by which the United States held
' by 1
the territory beyond the Ohio, now making the
five States on that side of the river, was of the
same tenure precisely as that by which they
acquired Louisiana from France. Both rest on
the same footing. Every essential provision was
the same in the two grants; the one from Vir-
ginia, and the other from France. I shall, there-
fore, in all I have to say of them, treat the con-
duct of the United States, in relation to these
different Territories which they possessed, as
being precisely the same, resting on the same
principles, and identical in character.
What has been the effect? I shall hereafter *
show more fully, and at large, why the power of
prohibiting slavery in the Territories has been
exercised, and repeated and continued by an
unbroken succession of acts from that time up
ixi a very recent period—within the last ten years
Congress enacted them because the institution of
slavery was one which they considered should
cease; for, if it continued, it would produce a
social and political condition of society incom-
patible with the great principles they had adopted.
Now, what has been the progress of events?
What has been the result and the fruit of that
course ? After the first Congress had declared
the Territories, which they then owned, to bo
consecrated to freedom; after they had fully pro-
vided and declared that no slavery should exist
there forever—as soon as they ended the Indian
difficulties by the treaty of Grenville, tuid opened
