1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
50
up that country for peaceable possession—then
commenced that great wave of emigration, that
great exodus of civil life which has astonished
and commanded the admiration of the world.
Even within my recollection, I can remember
almost the very commencement of that great
emigration. The people of New England and
the East, looking to the West, commenced the
first emigration, as I remember, into Western
New York; they wenf on to the Genesee; and
they then went'on to the Holland purchase. The
next wave passed on to Ohio. Then they passed
over the great lakes into Michigan and Illinois
and Wisconsin and Iowa and Minnesota. In the
mean time, all along the borders of the Atlantic,
from Pennsylvania, New York, and New Jersey,
and North Carolina and Virginia, you saw the
boating across the Ohio, leaving the now much-
eulogized institution of slavery, going with the
West to swell the great tide of emigration, and
add to the success of the great experiment in the
cause of civil liberty..
We cannot but see in this a new phase in the
history of the world. Nothing like it has ever
been witnessed before. I know there had been
irruptions at times of men passing from the north
of Europe—the Goths and Vandals, the Huns
and Scythians—to the south; but they were great
hordes of barbarians marshaled by ministers and
kings. There was no such thing in these tides
of emigration. There was no Tamerlane, no
Ghengis Khan; there was no Attila of the Huns.
It was not an irruption visiting the wrath of God
on the degenerate people. No, sir; it was the
human family led out to possess its great patri-
mony. Who could look with indifference upon
an experiment like this ?
We saw in it not merely an enlargement of our
numbers and an increase of population; we ad-
mired it, not merely because the forest was cleared
away, and farms, houses, and dwellings, towns
and cities, churches and' school-houses, were
everywhere erected; but as it spread over the
great fertile valfcys of the West, its prairies and
its fields and its mountains, we saw in it an
enlargement and expansion of the great theory of
government for which our fathers first landed
here, which had been reasserted in the Declara-
tion of Independence, which had been sustained
by the acts prohibiting the extension of slavery.
These people carried with them their house-
hold gods away to the foot of the Rocky Mount-
ains; and we saw in it a manifestation to the
world at large of the great principles we helddear.
Every man, especially every man in New Eng-
land, realized that the best of his own blood was
beating in their veins. Every man felt in duty
bound to contribute of his example, his encour-
agement, and his substance, for the purpose of
advancing and encouraging this great experiment
in the cause of civil liberty and humanity; and
if any man in Now England should withhold bis
exertions, or withhold his means, his tongue
would cleave to the roof of his mouth. And yet,
sir, in all this the President can see nothing but
a fanatical propagation of our peculiar domestic
theories. It was spreading over the Territories
those ameliorating conditions and influences that
are spread over New England. He thinks that
any man, and especially any set of men, who
associate to assist in this experiment, are entitled
to nothing but disapprobation and executive rep-
rehension.
I fancy, sir, that those much-abused members
of Congress—1 know not who they were, but 1
suppose they were of both Houses—who pre-
sumed to undertake to advance their aid towards
the extension of this great institution o^er the
Territories, were, in the President's view,'doing
nothing but " abolitionizing Kansas!" That
such is all we have been doing, and that is all
our fathers have been doing in what they have
labored and suffered and fought and bled, for
these two hundred years. We are daily abused
for starting new theories of government, new
views of the Constitution; and very ingenious
riddle^are put out for us. Those who view the
subject m anything like the light, in which I have
attempted to present it, feel very much as if we
are doing a great work, and cannot stop at the
suggestion of others who do not appreciate it.
Now, sir, I proceed to another point. I wish
to inquire why this prohibition of slavery in the
Territories was enacted, and why it lias been
continued ? I propose in the next place to show
who has done it—Djr what authority it has been
done; and, in the third place, to show that some
measures have been taken, within the last ten
years, to interrupt that course, for local and sec-
tional purposes, and for political causes, by the
southern pepple; which have occasioned the ne-
cessity for, and called forth the existence of, and
thus far prompted the exertions of the Repub-
lican party.
I have said that the title and jurisdiction which
the United States Government had over the Ter-
ritories was precisely the same in those which
were derived from Prance, and in those which
were derived from Virginia by her cession of the
region beyond the Ohio. The two grants contain
no difference in their stipulation, and no differ-
ence in anything which is essential. First, let
me advert to the title obtained to Louisiana, as
the President has quoted from the treaty of ces-
sion. In that treaty it is declared
"The French Republic has an incontestable title to the
domain and the posfces&ion of tlie said Territory. The First
Consul of tlie French Republic, desiring to give the United
States a strong proof of his friendship, doth hereby cede to
tlie United States m the name of tlie French Republic, for
ever, and in full bovereignly, the said Territory."
This is the first article. The second goes on
to provide for islands, &c., and the delivery up
of the muniments of title. The third is—
" The inhabitants of the ceded Temtory shall be incor
poratcdillto the Union of the United States and admitted
as soon as possible, according to the principles of the
Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights,
advantages, and immunities of citizens of the United
States; and m t! >6 mean time they shall be maintained and
piotected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property,
and the religion which t'ney profess."
T^lprov Ision in relation to the protection of
their property is inserted ex abundanti cautila.
The result would be the same whether it was in-
serted in this article or not; bat no matter for
that—it was inserted. What was provided was,
that they should bccome a part of the United
States, and be admitted into the Union at a
proper time, according to the terms of the Con-
stitution, and in the mean while should be pro-
tected in their persons, property, and religion.
Let us now look at the grant from Virginia. It
is a grant to the United States " as well of soil as
of jurisdiction," upon condition that
The territory so ceded shall be laid out in States of
convenient size-'—
describing them—not exceeding so many, " or
as near thereto as circumstances will admit"—
il and that the States so formed shall he distinct repub-
lican States, and admitted members of the Federal Un>on,
having the same lights of sovereignty, freedom, an inde-
pendence as the other States."
Tlie grant was made in the year 1784; and all
the inhabitants then in that Territory were there
at the few French settlements which had been
taken by the expedition under General Clarke,
established there before the treaty of 1763. It is
further provided:
"The French and Canadian inhabitant5- and o*her —t-
tlers of Kaskaskia, and of St. Vmccnnes and lib* hfcli-
honng village, who have professed thosn^oiv^ viii/rn-s of
Virginia, shall have thesr po-se>s.ion< a.ul tifV>
to them, and be protected in the cino\ment of then jni b
and liberties."
Now we see the features of the two grants.
The grant was of the territory, its soil, and th<;
entire soveieignty, in both cases, on the condi-
tion that it was to be made into States in due
time, and that the people then there should be
protected in their property and liberties. There
is no difference between them. I have made these
remarks 011 this matter because I consider that
whatever I shall show has be--n done in relation
to the one applies with equal force to the other;
and I will now briefly call attention to what wa.s
done, and why it was done. In X789 the ordi-
nance of 1787, enacted for all the country beyond
the Ohio, and which forbade slavery lrom'over
entering into it at all, was confirmed by an act of
Congress, whit h was approved by General Wash-
ington, then President. It was done mainly by
the exertions of the people of the southern States.
.But no matter for that; it was at a period when
a large portion of the people were slaveholders.
What was asserted by that enactment5 That
we owned that territory in sovereignty, and we
forbade the extension of slavery into it. We
have the power and the right to do so—nay, we
judge it our duty to do it. In the regular'chro-
nological order of time, we next find the act for
the organization of the Territory of Tennessee,
which was ceded by North Carolina to the United
States, with a condition in the deed of cession
that Congress should not abolish slavery? But
in Mississippi, which was ceded by Georgia, a
slaveholding State, on like condition, what did
they do ? Did they not intermeddle with the
subject of slavery ? Did they not exercise power
over it? I take it that a power to regulate is a
power to prohibit, and it has often been so decided.
They did regulate it there. Congress had no
power to prohibit the importation of slaves into
States then existing until 1808; but,in 1798, they
prohibited the importation of slaves into the Ter-
ritory of Mississippi.
The next in order of time is the act forming the
territorial government of Indiana in 1800. In the
formation of that Territory, the same provisions
which were contained in the ordinance of 1787
were redeclared, reenacted, and made operative
upon that Territory. That act was approved by
the elder Adams.
In 1803 was formed the iirst government for
Orleans Territory, a part of the Louisiana pur-
chase. What was done then ? What sort of
sovereignty did the United States exercise in that
case? Did they leave anything to the people
there? Did they put into that act any feature *f
squatter sovereignty, or popular sovereignty, fot
the people there? So far from it, the first pro-
vision was, that the Governor should be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States; and
he had a council of the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory appointed by the President, who had the
making of all the laws, and the exercise of all
legislative authority. That was not all; they did
something on the subject of slavery. Slaves were
existing there. Congress did not interfere with
that state of things, as they had not attempted to
do so in Tennessee. They did not attempt to
disturb it in Mississippi, forit was already there.
They were prohibited by the terms of the cession
from doing so. But what did they do in Louisi-
ana ? They did that which they then supposed
would work ultimately* an entire abolition of
slavery there. They ail the time supposed, that
as for the slaves then in the country, the people
owning them would soon provide for them by
abolishing' slavery, if Congress could cut off the
foreign supply. That was their idea; and there-
fore in Mississippi they prohibited the impor-
tation of slaves from abroad; and in Louisi-
ana they not only prohibited the importation of
slaves from abroad, but actually said: "You
shall not carry your slaves from other States
there at all for sale." if the people have a right
to carry their property into Territories, they have
a right to carry it both to use and to sell—as
much the one as the other. But there Congress
declared that slaves should not be carried into
Louisiana, except as members of families for set-
tlement: and if carried in any other way. the act
cf fsO taking them should work emancipation,
and the parties offending should be subject to
penalties.
Further, they declared this to the world: We
told you. said the Government of the United
States, as early as 1798, in relation to the Terri-
tory of Mississippi, and we told you as early as
1766, in relation to all territory beyond the Ohio,
everything then withm our jurisdiction, that no
slaves should be, imported at all: now, if you
have imported any into your States from 1798 up
to 1603, thev shall not be carried there, either for
sal" or as members of families. Those which
had been imported into Geurgia, the Caroli.-ms,
or elsewhere, were as much the property of their
owners as any they owned; and yet, they were
absolutely prohibited from carrying; them at all
into tin'Territory of Louisiana. Who did this?
It was done by the united exertion and undivided
action of the whole Congress; and the act was
approved and signed by Mr. Jefteison. ^
Tlie next in date is the case of Michigan, lhat
,was formed into a Territory in 2805, and there
the same ordinanca was reenacted. That is, all
the laws appertaining to the Territory of Indi-
ana, from which it was taken, were declared
operatives in the Territory of Michigan. Ihat
was a reaffirmance of the same principle, and a
reexereise of the same authority. That act was
approved by Mr. Jefferson.
Illinois, in 1809, was formed in the same-way,
