60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
tuid there was another re-declaration ef the same
principle which was approved by Mr. Jefferson.
In the act for the admission of Missouri—
which I do not choose to go into particularly—one
of its essential features was the one of which we
are mainly talking; Congress there provided by
a majority, and especially by the action of the
southern people themselves, that no slaves should
be allowed north of the latitude of 36° 30'. If
Congress had the power to prohibit it at all in
one section, they had the power to prohibit it in
any section. It was an exercise of the act of
sovereignty which had been exercised from time
to time up to that period. The Missouri line
was affirmed by Mr. Monroe and his Cabinet.
The next is the case of Wisconsin, which in
1836 was organized as a Territory, lying upon
both sides of the Mississippi, covering part of
the same territory which we had acquired from
France, and some which we had obtained from
Virginia. Yet the same ordinance of 1787 was
extended all over it by an act of Congress, I be-
lieve without division and without objection.
That was approved by General Jackson.
In 1838 the Territory of Iowa was established
beyond the Mississippi, and there again it was
provided that the same laws should be enforced,
and the same rights exorcised as in the Territory
ofc Wisconsin, of which Iowa had once been a
part. This act was approved by Mr. Van
Buren.
In 1846 the Territory of Oregon was estab-
lished, and for that country the ordinance was
reenacted in terms, because it had not been ex-
tended there before, and slavery forever prohib-
ited. That act was approved and signed by Mr.
Polk.
In 1847 and 1848, and in 1850, repeated at-
tempts were made ill Congress to extend the
Missouri compromise line to the Pacific ocean,
so as to cover the territories which we had then
recently acquired from Mexico.
Mr. BUTLER. Who objected to running
that line ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Undoubtedly we did; but
not for the want of power. The question of
power is the point which I am now discussing.
Mr. CASS. I objected to it for the want of
power.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will not say that there
was not an individual exception to be found; but
this 1 say, that the great body of the southern
representatives, those who now complain of the
exercise of this power, were the very people who
advanced and voted for that proposition, and who
complained because it was not adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 cannot be mistaken on that
subject, for 1 was here and took an active part in
that controversy. We were willing, for the sake
of peace, if the gentlemen from the North would
consent, to run that line. We thought that per-
haps we might makepeace by such a line; but
you refused it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It was only offered as a
peace measure.
Mr. BUTLER. It was presented simply as a
peace measure. We were willing to agree to it
for the sake of peace; but on the other side the
proposition was openly maintained—" We will
extend the Wilmot proviso North and South,
East and West." Tne only power which north-
ern gentlemen would then consent to exercise,
was that of prohibition everywhere, and they
would not apply the Missouri rule anywhere.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman had list-
ened to me with the powers of apprehension
which I know he possesses, and the candor which
he ought to exercise, he would have seen that it
was unnecessary for him to make the remarks
he has made. I have cited the instances which
I have narrated for the purpose of showing that,
until within a very recent period, Congress has
uniformly exercised the power now questioned—
the power to prohibit the introduction of slavery
into the Territories—and that, with perhaps a
single exception, there was never a question but
that Congress had a right to exercise that power.
I am not now speaking as to the policy, the
expediency, or the occasion of exercising the
power, or the purpose for which the proposition
was made. I am speaking of the exercise of the
power itself. If gentlemen offered a proposition
lor the extension of that line, as they say, for
the sake of peace, did they offer it when they
knew that they had no constitutional authority
to sustain it? Did they vote for it when they
knew that Congress had no such power of pro-
hibition ? Did they try to induce the northern
people to enter into that agreement with them for
the sake of peace, when they were exercising an
utterly unconstitutional power? Certainly not.
The gentleman's objection was not to that; it is
not now. I have cited these instances for the
purpose of showing that Congress exercised this
power, and that southern gentlemen claimed to
exercise it further and tried to exercise it further.
It is singular that because northern people saw
good reason why it should not be extended over
other Territories then free, in which there was
no claim for slavery, now an argument should
be drawn for abolishing the agreement as to those
Territories to which it applied. In this message
of the President, the very fact that the North
would not adopt the Missouri compromise for
another Territory than that to which it was
applied, is claimed to have rendered it inopera-
tive for the country in regard to which it was
passed. Impotent conclusion!
This brings me to a recent period; and now I
wish to show some reasons why the prohibition
was enacted by the representatives of all the
Seople of the United States—of the whole country,
forth and South. These measures for the exclu-
sion of slavery were adopted without a division of
opinion. 1 acknowledge that there was a contro-
versy as to the admission of Missouri; but that
controversy did not relate to this question of
power, for the very act which admitted Missouri
exercised this power of inhibition as to the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the learnes^en-
ator leaves this branch of his argumc^P-the
question of power, which he has discussed with
so much ability—I should like to ask him whether
Congress has the power to establish slavery?
Mr. COLLAMER. When I come to that
topic I will discuss it; whenever any question
arises in the Senate that requires it, and I think
I can add any new light to it, I will try to do so.
I supposed, however, that it was now in the
South very generally conceded that this Govern-
ment, in the exercise of sovereignty over the
Territories, has almost any power except that of
making liberty.
I wish now to show some reasons why this peo-
Ele, who began this experiment, all of them then
olding slaves, in the very adoption of the Con-
stitution, in the first exercise of power under it,
prohibited slavery. My position is that they
did it because, in the first place, they believed
that the institution was one which ought to end;
and, in the next place, because they believed that
in those places where it did not end, the effect of
it was such as to weaken the country at large,
and was inconsistent with the great principles
of civil liberty for which our fathers contended,
and which constituted the great idea of our Gov-
ernment. That idea was this: that inasmuch as
in a popular Government the people must have
the right of suffrage, it follows as a matter of
course, in order to be safe in that right, that the
people must be made intelligent. To the exercise
of the elective franchise, education, intelligence,
and personal independence are inseparable cor-
relatives; and if any system of government, or
any character of social institutions be adopted
which will not produce this result, or which will
be in its tendencies unfriendly to it, that system
is incompatible with the great experiment.
I ought here to remark that I have nothing
to say, and on an occasion like this, in relation
to the morality of slavery, its ethics, its matter
of justice between the master and slave, its
sacredness, its divine authority, its sanctions in
Christianity. These are all topics suitable to
other occasions. I have nothing to say about
them here. I have no reproaches to cast on the
master. I have no desire to do any such thing.
I am treating the subject entirely as a political
subject. It was perfectly understood by our
fathers, who had tried it, that where the institu-
tion was not abolished by the States themselves,
it would, in its tendencies, produce a condition
of society which did not comport with the great
purposes, objects, and views, and what was ne-
cessarily implied in popular government. Its
necessary effect, it was seen, would be to elevate
a limited number, and depress the mass of the
white population. The experiment in the pause
of humanity which had been entered upon in
this Government was for the white race—not
merely the Anglo-Saxon, but the Caucasian race
—the whole white race. It was that they should
conduct their labor with high intelligence, that
they should be improved and elevated, and be-
come a people better fed, better clothed, better
housed, better governed, of higher intelligence,
than any other people under heaven—" a pecu-
liar people zealous of good works." A great
manifestation of " the dignity of labor."
Their idea was, further, that this institution
of slavery would not comport with that purpose,
but would produce a different condition of society.
Now, in speaking of their views, and of whether
those views have been realized, in fact and in
practice, since their days, I shall use the authority
of no one who is not from the slave States. I
shall use no terms but those which are derived
from the people living in the midst of the insti-
tution. After this experiment was begun, seven
out of the thirteen States abolished slavery; the
others retained it, and we must, of course, go to
them to see what has been the political and social
effect of cherishing and retaining it. I am saying
nothing of its virtue and morality, or whether it
tends to improve and elevate the moral condition
of society, or whether it makes the slave better
or poorer than he was at home in Africa. That
is not the topic. I wish to call attention to its
effect on the free white population of the coun-
try.
I am willing to concede that where an institu-
tion in the character of an aristocracy exists, and
where labor and all menial services are performed '
by others for a particular set of men, it leaves to
tRose men wealth and opportunity, if you please,
for a high cultivation—for a high order of intel-
lectual existence. Nor should we at all wonder
that men who have thus felt its beneficial influ-
ences to themselves •personally should have a
desire to cherish and sustain it. But, sir, our
principle is, "the greatest good to the greatest
number." What on the whole is its effect on
the mass—the majority of the free white popula-
tion ? And further, what effect does it produce
as tQ making the country which entertains it
prosperous, successful, strong, able to contribute
its full proportion, with the rest of the community,
in sustaining the national independence and
national prosperity ?
Sir, I will read some views upon that subject.
I prefer to read from the expressions of those
familiar with the question; and first I will quote
the views which General Washington enter-
tained. He says in a letter to Robert Morris,
which is quoted by Sparks:
" I can only say, there is not a man living who wishes more
sincerely than I do to see a plan adopted for the abolition of
it, (slavery;) but there is only one pioper and effectual
mode in which it can be accomplished, and that is by legis
lative authority; and this, so far as my suffrage will go,
shall never be wanting."
Again, in a letter to Sir John Sinclair, of Scot-
land, who was proposing to make investments in
lands in this country, speaking of this institution,
he says:
1 " There are in Pennsylvania laws for the gradual aboli-
tion of slavery, which neither Virginia nor Maiyland have
at present, but which nothing is more cerlainthan they must
have, and at a period not remote."
We all know the views of Mr. Jefferson. In
forming the Declaration of Independence he was
desirous to put into it a clause that one of the
| great complaints against the British Government
was that it had compelled our fathers to receive**
this institution at all; and he afterwards expressed
his views about it. I do not desire to quote them
much at large. In a letter to Mr. John Holmes,
of April 20, 1820, Mr. Jefferson said:
" The whole commerce between master and slave is a
! perpetual exorcise of the most boisterous passions; the
most unremitting despotism on the one pait, and degrading
submissions on the other." * * * * "Withthe morals
of the people, their industry also is destroyed. Indeed, I
tremble for my country when X reflect that God in just, and
that his justice, cannot sleep forever; that considering num-
bers, nature, and natural means only, a revolution of the
wheel of fortune, an exchange uf situation, is am®ng pos-
sible events; that it may become probable by supernatural
interference I The Almighty has no attribute which
can take side with us in such a contest."
Mr. Madison, in discussing the Constitution,
insisted that the General Government ought to
have the power, not the States themselves, imme-
diately to prohibit the importation of slaves alto-
