W56.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
gether. They had it in the Territories, and used
it. His views are, speaking in the Convention:
11 Every addition the Slates receive to their number of slaves
tends to weaken and render tkein less capable of self-defense.
In case of hostilities with foreign nations, they will be the
means of inviting attack, instead of repelling invasion. It
is a necessary duty of 'the General Government to protect
every part of their ccmfinesagainiHdangers, as well internal
as external. Everything, therefore, which tends to increase
danger, though it be a local affair, yet, if it involves national
expense or safety, becomes of concern to every part of the
Union, and is a proper subject for the consideration of those
.charged with the general administration of this Govern-
ment."
" I hold it essential in evert point op view, that
the General Government shoctld have power to
prevent the iscrease of slavery.—Madison Papers,
vol. 3, p. 1391.
" The augmentation of slaves weakens the States, and such
a trade is diabolical in itself and disgraceful to mankind'
As much as T value a union of these States, I would not
admit the southern States into the Union, unless they agree
to a discontinuance of this disgraceful trade.*'—In Constitu-
tional Convention, 1786.
Such were the views of Mr. Madison. Mr.
George Mason, of Virginia, said:
" Slavery discourages arts and manufactures. The slaves
produce the most pernicious effects on manners. Every
master of slaves is bor^a petty tyrant. tsey bring
the judgment of Heaven opon a coontry. As nations,
cannot be rewarded or punished in the next world, they
must be in this. By an inevitable chain of causes and
effects, Providence punishes national sins by national
calamities."
Mr. William Pinckney, in 1789, in a letter to
the Maryland Legislature, declared:
" Never will your country be productive, never will its
agriculture, its commerce, or its manufactures flourish,
so long as they depend upon reluctant bondmen for their
progress."
These were views entertained at an early day
—at the period of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion—at the period of the prohibition of slavery
beyond the Ohio, In all the exercise of this
power, the men who made the Constitution enter-
tained these views in relation to the subject; and
now how much of their apprehension has been
realized? What effect has slavery in fact pro-
duced ? These gentlemen told us whatthey antici-
pated it would produce. What has it produced ?
I hold in my hand a book containing many of
the speeches made in the House of Delegates of
Virginia, on a discussion in relation to some pro-
cess of emancipation in 1832. I desire to read some
extracts from it. Whenever I open this book, I
am reminded of the gentleman who handed it to
me—and from whose speech 1 am about to read—
that high, philanthropic, Christian gentleman,
Governor McDowell. Governor McDowell, on
that occasion, in a very patriotic, learned, and
able speech, said;
" We know that the picture is the 1 counterfeit present-
ment5 of the true one. We know that inefficiency and
languor characterize our movements; that enterprise is
scarcely known to us, but fiom observation of its influence
on other communities. We know that the blessings of our
position, and soil, and climate, are countervailed by the
apathy of our public counsel*, and by our exclusive reliance
upon involuntary labor. Our interests and senses proclaim
the progress of general decline; conscience and experience
attest that slavery is its principal cause. Ib it nut so f When
we look at Virginia, as a whole, without pausing upon the
bright and the beautiful that still show forth as intrinsic
qualities of her character, but look at her m reference to
her every day practical habit and appcarance, is she not
anything but prosperous I Do we not in this respect con-
template her justly, when we regard her as meager, haggard,
and enfeebled; with decrepitude stealing upon her limbs;
as given over to leanness and impotencyj and as wasting
away under the improvidence and the inactivity which
eternally accompany the fatal institution that she cherishes;
and cherishes, too, as a mother, who will hazard her own
life rather than part even with a monstrous offspring that
afflicts her ? Sir, it is true of Virginia, not merely that she
has not advanced, but that m many respects she has greatly
declined ; and what have wc got as a compensation for this
decline — as a compensation for this disparity between
what Virginia is and what she might have been ? Nothing
but the light of propeity in the very beings who have brought
this dispmiry upon us. This 15 our pay; this is what wc
have gotten to remunerate us forourdelinquentl>rosperity;
to repay us for our desolated fields, our torpid enterprise ;
and m this dark day of our humbled importance, to sustain
our hopes, and to &oothe our pride as a people."
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Pessenden]
the other day read an extract from the speech'of
Mr. Marshall, which I will not repeat; but I
will read an extract from the speech of Mr. C.
Faulkner 011 that occasion:
"Slavery.it is admitted, is an evUj—it is an institution
which presses heavily against the best interests of the
State. It banishes free white labor—it exterminates the
mechanic, the artisan, the manufacturer. It deprives
them of occupation. It deprives them of bread. It con-
verts the energy of a community into indolence—its power
into imbecility—its efficiency into weakness. Sir, being
thus injurious, have we not a right to demand its extermin-
ation? Shall society suffer, that the slaveholder may con-
tinue to gather his crop of human flesh ? What is his mere
pecuniary claim, compared with the great interests of the
common weal ? Must the country languish, drop, die, that
the slaveholder may flourish? Shall all interests be sub-
servient to one? all rights subordinate to those of the slave-
holder /''Has not the mechanic—have not the middle classes
their rights—rights incompatible with the existence of
slavery?"
Mr. T. J. Randolph, on the same occasion,
said:
" Slavery has the effect of lessening the free population
of a country. The wealthy are not dependent upon the
poor for those aids and those services, compensation for
which enables the poor man to give bread to his family.
The ordinary mechanic arts are all practiced by slaves.
"In the servitude of Europe in the middle ages, in years
of famine, the poor had to barter their liberty for bread ;
they had to surrender their liberty to some wealthy man to
save the-' families from the horrors of famine. The slaves
were sustained in sickness and in famine upon the wealth
of his master, who preserved him as he would any other
species of property. All the sources of the poor man's
support were absorbed by him. In this country he cannot
become a slave, but he flies to some other country more
congenial to his condition, and where be who supports
himselfbyhonestlaboris not degraded in hiscaste. Those
who remain, relying upon the support of casual employ-
ment, often become more degraded in their condition than
the slaves themselves."
Mr. William Geary, of South Carolina, can-
didly treating upon the subject, says:
" Any man who is an observer of things, could hardly
pass through our country without being struck with the
fact, that all thtf capital, enterprise, and intelligence, is
employed in directing slave labor; and the consequence is,
that a large jrortion of our poor white people are wholly
neglected, and are suffered to while away an existence in
a state but one step in advance of the Indian of the forest.
It is an evil of vast magnitude, and nothing but a change in
public sentiment will effect its cure."
Governor Hammond, of South Carolina, said
of these non-slaveholding whites:
" They obtain a precarious subsistence by occasional
jobs, by hunting, by fishing, by plundering fields .or folds,
and too often by what is in its effects far worse—trading
with slaves, and inducing them to plunder for their
benefit."
Mr. Farren, another southern writer, says:
" In the more southern portion of this region, the non-
slaveholders possess generally but very small means ; and
the land which they possess is almost universally poor, and
so sterile that a scanty subsistence is all that can be de-
rived from its cultivation ; and the more fertile soil being
in the possession of the slaveholder, must forever remain
out of the possession of those who have none."
Thus, sir, from the people of Virginia and
South Carolina, who have chosen to retain and
cherish this institution, we^have a picture the
leading features of which it is impossible to dis-
guise. It is evident that the slaveholders, whom
we know by the official returns are only about
three hundred and fifty thousand out of a popu-
lation of six millions of free people at the last
census, are elevated, waited upon, and all their
wants supplied by the slaves. But, as respects
the rest of the community, live sixths of them,
the free white laboring .population, they are de-
pressed, poor, impoverished, degraded in caste,
because labor is disgraceful; for where it is per-
formed by slaves, labor and servitude become
identical. It was for this cause (and it was done j
by the people who knew those things) that the t
exclusion of slavery from the Territories has j
taken place as I have described. It has been •
done by themselves, and for very good reasons, ;
as they could show. |
This brings me to a comparatively recentperiod, j
to which I have several times alluded, and some j
recent action — action taken, as I say, by the i
ij South for local and sectional objects, and fori
!i political purposes, to make use of the institution j
! of slavery as a source of political power within j
j! the Territories and beyond the States. I would I
! not here intimate that "I think any man who was j
personally engaged in the making of the Missouri |
compromise, and getting enough votes from the ;
North by virtue of it to admit the State of Mis- i
souri, so as to enable the South to succeed at the j
time, ever attempted to break it up. That is not j
the case; but it is to be recollected that a great j
leading feature in the message we have before us j
is, that there has been, on the part of the people ;
of the iSTorth, a systematic course of aggression !
upon southern rights. We view the facts as j
entirely otherwise; and we view this attempt to j
present a picture of that kind as nothing more j
than an attempt to escape from and disguise j
what has been the true character of the aggres- i
sion. We consider that a course of aggressions I
has been put on foot, and prosecuted, to some I
considerable extent, successfully by the- South.
When I use the word " aggression," I wish- to
he understood. It is not merely doing that
which people have a legal and constitutional right
to do-, but what I understand by it is, doing that
which is contrary to an agreement upon their
part, either contained in the Constitution or in
any other way which renders the entering upon
such a course, and a breaking up of such agree-
ment, to say the least, a breach of common pro-
priety. Now, what are those aggressions which
we think the South have put upon foot? The
first is in-relation to the admission of Texas.
Mr. Calhoun was a man who had but little dis-
guises. He participated in the formation of the
Missouri compromise line, and he, with the
South, took the advantage it secured. He never
attempted to make any breach of it; but when
the progress of population, and the increase of
the numbers, wealth, and influence of the free
part of the United States came to be, as was
thought by him and some others, somewhat com-
paratively large, it was desirous to the South, as
he viewed it, to secure, in some way or other, at
least a balance of power in the Senate of the
United States. What was_ attempted? Did he
attempt to break up this compromise line ? Not
at all. He looked abroad and saw the inviting
regions of Texas, and a treaty was formed for
the annexation of Texas. There was no dis-
guise about its objects and purposes. Look at
the letter of Mr. Calhoun, as Secretary of State,
to Mr. King, then our Minister in France. See
the whole purpose it declares. It was to sustain,
perpetuate, and secure the institution of slavery;
m short, to obtain more territory oilt of which
to make new slave States for the purpose of bal-
ancing, at least in the Senate of the United States,
new States settled by people from the North.
That was the object, not disguised, but publicly
declared and officially announced. What means
were taken to effect that object ? The treaty was
rejected by the Senate. Two thirds could not be
obtained for it, and the treaty failed.
What was the next step taken ? The people
of the South went into the Democratic Conven-
tion at Baltimore immediately after the rejection
of this treaty, and there they insisted upon the
admission of Texas. Many declared they pre-
ferred that to the Union. They said at once to
the Democracy, " You cannot obtain power,
you cannot electa President without us, and you
shall not elect one with us, but upon the condi-
tion of that annexation. The only man who had
ever been talked of up to that period as their
candidate was Mr. Van Buren, and he had pub-
lished a letter in the spring opposing the.annex-
ation of Texas. There was no other way left
for the Democratic party but to agree to make
the annexation of Texas a part of the platform.
Then, when they came to nominate a man to carry
that platform into effect, it was insisted that a
man must be nominated who was not already
committed against it, and thereupon Mr. Polk
was nominated and elected.
A word .now as to the manner of that annex-
ation. A question had arisen in the country at
times whether there was any power in this Gov-
ernment to annex foreign territory at all. We
all know that Mr. Jefferson expressed great
doubt on that subject in relation to Louisiana at
an early period. This question ultimately came
before the Supreme Court of the United States
in the case of the American Insurance Company
vs. Canter, the Florida case which has been often
alluded to here. It was a revenue case. It was
there insisted that Congress had no power to
legislate in Florida at all, because it did not be-
long to her jurisdiction, but had been annexed by
treaty; and it was argued that there was no such
power of annexation conferred by the Constitu^-
tion. It was then decided, among a variety of
topics, that the power to make war, which existed
in the General Government, was of course a
power to conquer; and a power of conquest in-
cluded the power to hold territory if the treaty
of peace made by the treaty-making power pro-
vided for it. Therefore, the court said, it is true
as an incident of sovereignty that the treaty-
making power includes the power by treaty to
annex another country, or territory of that coun-
try to this. When the treaty-making power has
bin thus exercised, the legislative authority of
the country spreads overit. It is brought within.
