1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there, more or less, because he belongs to one or
another State. The people of the United States
own' the territory, and its whole jurisdiction is
. in Congress. It is so by the very terms of the
cession. It is so by the very nature of things.
If they had not jurisdiction of it, there would be
no jurisdiction over it.
Some gentlemen tell us that in the clause of the
Constitution giving Congress power to make all
needful rules and regulations concerning territory
or other property belonging to the United States,
the word " territory" means land, and therefore,
they say, it means nothing else. That argument
will not do. It is true, the United States own the
land, and this provision of the Constitution covers
the use and disposal of the lands; but it is not
true that therefore it covers nothing else. The
Territories which the United States own, they
have the jurisdiction of, and eminent domain over.
They have' always exercised this power. An-
other signification is that" Territory" means an
organized municipal corporation, created by an act
of Congress, just as a State creates a municipal
corporation for a city, town, or borough. You
talk of the Territory of Minnesota, the Territory
of Kansas—what is it ? It is but part and parcel
of the United States territory, and the creation
which it has, as a distinct identity and individuality
different from the rest, is altogether the creature
of an act of Congress, entirely subject to their
control, to be changed, modified, or repealed,
whenever they please. The manner in which the
sovereignty of the United States is to be exer-
cised over the Territories of the United States
was altogether a matter of their own discretion.
They might never create any territorial govern-
ment for any part of it, but might make laws'for
it themselves. When they did create these cor-
porations, the notion that there was any inherent
right in the woods, (for most of it was mere for-
est inhabited by savages,) or anybody who might
go there, is perfectly idea].
The exercise of true popular sovereignty over
•a Territory is the exercise of sovereign power
by Congress for the people of the United State's
who own. the Territory. That is the popular
sovereignty which they not only had, but exer-
cised for fifty years. During that period the idea
did not gain a foothold that sovereignty should
be granted to the people who might go to a Terri-
tory, how many, or how few, or at what time.
If they have any rights, why do you not let them
elect or appoint their own Governor and judges?
Why do you not let them direct all their institu-
tions ? If there is a right there, by what author-
ity did Congress create a government, such as I
have already described, for Louisiana, without
the intervention of any act of its people at all?
And yet it was an inhabited country; there was
a very large body of inhabitants there; but Con-
gress created for it a government in which that
people had not the least possible participation.
Such is popular sovereignty in its true sense, and
proper application, according to the meaning
which has been given to it by the cotempora-
neous construction of the men who had it, and
the people who exercised it, for half a* century.
It is^wrther to be observed that this matter of
slavery is a matter of great national interest and
concern, entirely improper to be made a topic of
disturbance and controversy in the several Terri-
tories which may be formed, and decided in dif-
ferent ways by mere local legislation. This was
ever so viewed until 1854; and the experiment
now on foot in Kansas is a sad commentary 011
this new doctrine and new experiment of the
new definition of popular sovereignty.
.There is another topic of remark 011 this sub-
ject. It is said that if you prohibit slavery in
the Territories of the United States, the inhabi-
tants of the slaveholding States cannot go there,
will not go there, and that they have the same
right to go there that anybody else has. It is
said they ought to have the right to carry their
property there. Every man, it is said, has the
right (for there is entire freedom of commerce in
the United States) to carry his property from one
State to another. Put that proposition to the
people of the United States,  nd every man of
them would tell you, " Yes, it is true; and no law-
can be made to prevent it." Under what clause
of the Constitution is that right claimed? it is
that which provides that " the citizens of each
State shall be entitled to ail privileges and immu-
68
nities of citizens in-the several States." What
rights are those ? A citizen of one State when in
another State has the same right to the use and
exercise of his power there that the people living
there have. What right the people living there
have, is regulated by the sovereignty of the coun-
try. Just so it is in relation to the Territories.
You say you have a right to go there. We grant
it. Then, you say,you have a right to take your
property there.. That depends upon the action
of the sovereignty of the country. They have a
a right to make their own municipal laws. They
have a right to make laws in relation to its police.
Wow, if any State, or if the sovereignty of Con-
gress over the Territories, makes laws which for-
bid the carrying any particular kind of property
there, it cannot be taken there. I will not repeat
an argument on that point; it has been argued so
many times that such a task is unnecessary. I
will only say, that in this respect I agree with
the argument of the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass]—I believe he has never varied his
opinion on this subject—and the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Docglas,] who was so large a par-
ticipator in the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise.
It has been said that the people of the slave
States will not go into free territory if they can-
not carry slaves with them, and therefore that
a prohibition deprives them of the privilege of
settling it. That is not so, because they have all
the rights<bf others. But, further, I deny alto-
gether, and deny it from history, that they will
not go there. I say they will go there. It will
be remembered, from the quotations I have made
from the debates of the Virginia House of Dele-
gates, that those gentlemen say their free white
population, who are degraded by labor in a
slaveholding country, are fleeing to other com-
munities more congenial to their taste, and where
they will not lose position by caste. That is not
all. I have more authority than that. I had the
curiosity, in relation to our good old "motherof
States," Virginia—the finest specimen, probably,
or as good as any of the slaveholding part of the
United States—to see what has been the effect in
point of fact. I have taken from the census tables
some minutes which I wish to present uppn this
point. I find that at the taking of the census of
1850 there were residing in the several States of
the Union certain numbers of people who came
from Virginia, and were natives of Virginia; and
I wish to ascertain how many of those people
who have gone out from Virginia and settled in
other States, have settled in the free States, and
how many in the slave Slates. That will test
the fact.
I grant that it is not right to include the State
of Kentucky, because the Virginians there can
hardly be called emigrants. Kentucky was made
from Virginia. It was a part of Virginia, and,
therefore, what went out from one into the other
should not be counted. That would be treating
as born in Virginia and residing in Kentucky,
those who, in fact, had never emigrated. That
would be an improper statement of the case.
Leaving out Kentucky, as being originally a part
of Virginia,.! have made a table of the rest of
the United States, and I find that Virginia has
residing 111 the different States of this Union,
three hundred and thirty-two thousand eight
hundred and eighty-two of her own children. She
has, perhaps, the largest number of her children
of any State in the Union residing out of her I
limits. She lias furnished more emigrants than '
anyotherone State, as native-born citizens. Now, |
let us see how many of these have gone from 1
her into the new slave States, then Territories, j
and now States; and how many have gone into j
those Territories and States where the institution !
jof slavery was forbidden. If it be true that people '■
from the slave States cannot and will not go to j
the free States because slavery is not allowed j;
there, we shall find a large majority of her children j i
who have emigrated to slave States and Terri- jj
tories. A mere majority either way would not ;j
prove much. If it were so, it would prove they
were as much inclined to go one way as another; ■;
but if there were a large majority it would show ji
that almost all would go to slave States only. 1
Now, how is the fact? Of these three hun-
dred and thirty-two thousand eight hundred and
eighty-two, one hundred and fifty-two thousand
two hundred and twenty-eight of'Virginia's chil-
dren who have gone abroad, have settled in the
slaveholding Territories and States; in Arkansas,
Alabama, the District of Columbia, Delaware,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Maryland, Missis-
sippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina,
and Tennessee. To those States which are free
of slavery and were early sequestered and de-
clared free, where that point was fully settled,
there have gone from Virginia, and are now resid-
ing, according to the census, in California, Con-
necticut, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,-Maine, Massa-
chusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New
York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and'
Wisconsin, one hundred and eighty thousand six
hundred and fifty-four. Thirty thousand more
of the children of Virginia have settled in the free
States, than in the slave States, leaving out Ken-
tucky.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask my friend a
question. By the census of 1850, it appears that
there were, at that time, residing in the slave-
holding States, over seven hundred thousand per-
sons born in the non-slaveh'olding States; while
there were residing in the non-slaveholding States
only about two hundred thousand persons born
in the slaveholding States. I have not the figures
before me, but I recollect them pretty nearly. In
1850, nearly half a million more persons were
residing in the slaveholding States who were born
in the lion-slaveholding States, than there were
of persons born in the latter residing in the
former. How does the Senator account for that?
Mr. COLLAMER. I can very readily account
for it. I do not know whether the fact be so,
but I should not be at all surprised at it. The
people of the free States never having seen and
realized the true effect of the condition of sla-
very, knowing practically nothing about it, it
would not be strange if, in their progress of em-
igration, they should, with others, go to newly-
opened slaveholding States; but when they went
there they might find a condition of things en-
tirely different from what they had anticipated.
You may not find those people entirely approving
the institution. The people of the slaveholding
States, however, know all about it; they under-
: stand it in all its bearings; they appreciate all its
blessings; and yet a great majority of their emi-
grants settle in those States where they know the
institution is never to go. Nor do I mean to in-
timate that the people of the free States do not
furnish their full proportion of those who are
governed by cupidity; and when they can pro-
mote a particular advantage by holding slaves
where it is lawful, I have no doubt they, like
other persons, will hold them. I am not at all
certain that, if there were no law against slavery,
slaves would not be found to a considerable ex-
tent in thefree States. That is the very reason
why I desire that a law should be kept tip
against it. I desire it because it is an institution
which does intrude itself upon a people; because
it elevates the few-; because it creates an aristoc-
racy; because it depresses the great masses of the
people.
A still more conclusive answer to the question
of the honorable Senator is this: the free States
have more than double the number of population
to the free people in the slave States. Hence
they furnish much the greatest number of emi-
grants to all parts.
In tins connection I will read an extract from
a Virginia paper in relation to the political effect
produced by the institution. It is an article
written by Mr. R, W. Hughes, a politician in
j Virginia, editor of the Richmond' Examiner.
, After charging the New York Tribune with
( falsehood, this writer^m his editorial, goes 011 to
j give what he considers the true view of the case,
| and like all the children of Virginia, he claims a
: great deal for her. He says:
Vinnusa in this Confederacy the impersonation of
' the well-bom, well-educated, "well-h-ed aristocrat. She
' feels that : h■ id llic s\vai\! and bil^klei at Use Sotitii; that
: it ! - her influence which lias 30 nviiuentiy defeated and
! driven back ia dismay the Abolition party, lirave. calm,
and determined; wise m tuns of cxcuement; always true
to the slave povwr; never ni- h or reet, tile wav e- of
nonhein fanaticism break harmless atiier feet. Nor con-
tempt for her northern revilers is the lesultof her con-
sciousness of her influence iji the political woild. fahe
tnaKes and unmakes President?. £he dictates her tenns
to the northern Democracy,and theyobeyher. tiheselects
from among the faithful of the North a man upon whom
she can rely, and ehe makes him President. Bhe takes the
initiative m punishing traitors like Van Bnrcti, and her
sisters of the South unit? with her, and the traitors are ca«t
