66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
taken on yesterday in this House. It will riot, it
cannot succeed; but the effort will be made, and
I should not be surprised, from what has occurred
in the southern States in the late presidential
canvass ( to see that party successful, so far as
the leading men of the Republican party, and of
those opposed to the Democratic party in the
South, are concerned.
But the .gentleman from Ohio said that the
great issue in the last canvass was the restoration
of the Missouri compromise line, and the policy
of .the present Administration, and that that
policy had been condemned by more than three
hundred thousand majority of the popular vote.
I take issue with the gentleman in that assertion;
and I am prepared to show that, so far from
that being true, the policy of President Pierce has
been approved, and that a restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise line has been condemned by one
million three hundred and thirty thousand votes.
The position of the various candidates in that
contest was well known. That of Mr. Buchanan
was in favor of the repeal, and against the res-
toration, of the Missouri restriction. That of
Mr. Fillmore was against the restoration of that
line. Mr. Fillmore took ground against Us re-
peal and also against its restoration. Now, sir,
the number of votes cast for those two candidates
over those cast for Fremont is more than all
those which were given to the Republican candi-
date at the late presidential election.
But suppose I am wrong in the idea that the
votes cast for Fillmore in the northern States
were opposed to the restoration of the Missouri
compromise line; yet those who voted for him
in the southern States openly avowed that they
were opposed to its restoration. It was so pro-
claimed by all their speakers on the stump.
Now, take the votes which Mr. Buchanan re-
ceived and the votes given to Mr. Fillmore in the
southern States, and there is a clear majority of
more than two hundred thousand against the
restoration of the Missouri compromise line.
Yet the gentleman from Ohio, in a very extraor-
dinary manner, asserted that the policy of Presi-
dent Pierce upon that subject has been condemned
by a majority of three hundred thousand votes.
Mr, SHERMAN. 1 desire to propound a
question to the gentleman.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I yield for an
interrogatory, but for nothing else.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does not the gentleman
know that thousands of persons in the northern
States who were opposed to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise voted for Mr. Buchanan?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do; but they
were utterly opposed to its restoration.
Mr. SHERMAN. Docs he not know that the
candidate of the Democratic party in the Lan-
caster district of Pennsylvania, in which Mr.
Buchanan resides, was one of those here who
voted against the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise—who condemned it upon the floor of this
House, and upon the hustings?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I know that Mr.
Heister, who ran in the Lancaster district, took
open and bold ground in the late presidential
campaign against the restoration of the Missouri
compromise. He said that he had voted against
the repeal of that compromise; but he unequiv-
ocally opposed its restoration.
Mr. SHERMAN. Was that gentleman, who
thus opposed the restoration of the Missouri
compromise, elected in the Wheatland district?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. He was not; ho
was defeated. Perhaps, if he had voted for the
repeal, he might have been elected. At the time
of the repeal of the Missouri compromise he
belonged to the Whig party, every northern
member of which voted against that repeal.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, is this dis-
cussion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the dis-
cussion is in order on a motion to print and refer
the message of the President.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It has been
asserted in the South, in almost every presiden-
tial canvass and in every State canvass, that the
Democratic party of the northern States were
unsound on the question of the constitutional
rights of the South.
We have denied this. We have held that the
Democratic party North and the Democratic
party South occupied one and the same ground.
We took the-same position in the late canvass. |
The gentleman furnishes, as he supposes, mate-
rial to the opposition to the Democratic party in |
the South with which to fight us in future presi- j
dential and State canvasses. But his attempt j
will be fruitless. The people of the South now
understand the position of all the parties in the
northern States, and they look to the Democracy
as the only one national in its principles and just
in its action to all sections of tlie Union.
It was boldly proclaimed yesterday that Mr.
Buchanan was a minority President, and that
the administration of President Pierce was con-
demned by the people. It was alleged that Mr.
Buchanan was elected under false pretenses. A
little investigation would have satisfied the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] that neither
of these propositions is true in fact. I am pre-
pared to refute all of them. Mr. Buchanan has
clear majorities over all others in enough States
to make him President without a single electoral
vote from any State which he only carried by a
plurality of votes. He has carried by clear ma-
jorities sixteen States—fourteen southern, and
the States of Pennsylvania and Indiana. Those
States number one hundred and fifty-two electoral
votes, being eleven more than the number re-
quired to elect a President. So that if the strength
of Fremont and Fillmore and Gerrit Smith were
all combined he would have enough votes to elect
him.
Let us try this in another way, for these are
facts which go out to the people. The sixteen
States which Mr. Buchanan carricd by clear ma-
jorities have a population by the last census of
12,3H1,834. The entire population of the United
States by the same census is put down at 23,099,-
578. Therefore he had a clear majority of the
people of the Union in favor of his election. Yet
it is said that he is a minority President, and
that the principle of the restoration of the Mis-
souri compromise was indorsed by the people.
Mr. Fremont carried the six New England
States and Wisconsin and Michigan. These
eight States have a population of 3,431,000. The
States of New York, New Jersey, Illinois, Ohio,
and Iowa were carried by pluralities. They
have a population of over 6,000,000. Mr. Fill-
more carried Maryland, with a population of
583,0110. So that Mr. Buchanan and the Demo-
cratic party have been indorsed by a large ma-
jority of the people of the United States.
The total number of votes polled for Buchanan
at tilt; recent election may be stated in round
numbers at 1,800,000
For Fremont 1,275,000
For Fillmore  850,000
Total number of votes 3,925,000
Buchanan over Fremont  525,000
Over Fillmore  950,000
Fremont over Fillmore  425,000
Buchanan's plurality over Fremont is 100,000
more than Fremont's plurality over Fillmore. ■
Fifmont lacks about 1,375,000 of a majority of
the whole. Buchanan lacks about 325,000 of a
majority of the whole.
In all the non-slaveholding States taken together,
Fremont is in a minority of more than 200,000.
His vote, however, exceeds Buchanan's in said
States about 130,000.
It is not true, therefore, that sectionalism has
cairied the day by a popular majority. The .
people of the country are opposed to sectionalism, i
The people of the North and of the South are in :
favor of the Union, and of preserving the rights !
of every section of the Union. The Democratic '
party was successful in the recent contest, even
under the adverse circumstances which sur- i
rounded it, and elected the President by a large i
majority of the electoral colleges. The States i
we have carried contain a majority of the popula- j
tion of the United States. Buchanan and Breck- '
inridge have a large majority of the electoral col- '
leges. Why, then, is it said that the verdict of'
the people was against the policy of the Demo- 1
era tic party, and that the administration of Pres-
ident Pierce has been condemned by the people?
The convention which nominated Mr. Buchanan
indorsed President Pierce and his administration.
This we all know. The very convention which
nominated him indorsed the Kansas-Nebiaska
bill, which was the great issue in the presidential
canvass.
Mr. BARCLAY. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the resolution indorsing the administra-
tion of President Pierce was published and circu-
lated in the Democratic papers of Pennsylvania?^
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I know nothing
about what was published in the Pennsylvania
papers. It was contained in the official proceed-
ings of the convention, which were published all
over the country. But, sir, I hope that no Pcnn-
sylvanian here will esteem the people of that
noble State so ignorant as not to know what
occurred in the Cincinnati Convention, when its
proceedings were public, and published in nearly
all the journals of the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to state that this resolution
indorsing the administration of Pierce was pub-
lished in all the northern Democratic papers ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, all the
leading ones of which I have any knowledge.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As part of
the platform ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. - As part of the
proceedings of the Cincinnati Convention.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 undertake
to say that it was not published m many of the
Illinois Democratic papers.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It was published
in the northern Democratic papers as part of the
proceedings of the convention. It was published
in the Boston Post, in the New York Day Book,
and in the Pennsylvanian. These are the leading
papers of the North which I saw.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In my sec-
tion of the country it not only was not published
in those papers, but they denied that such a res-
olution was passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I am afraid that
my friend's part of the country is a benighted
place* anyhow, and should ndt be surprised if so
good a thing would never find its way into his
" beat." Is there a Democratic paper in the
gentleman's district.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
two or three which profess to be, but they have
only a very limited circulation.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Do they support
the regular Democratic candidates?
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. There were
several Democratic papers in my State which did
not publish it. I believe the Freeport Bulletin
was one. I will not be certain, however.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. That evades the
question, and I turn the gentleman over to his
colleague, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, With the pep-
mission of the gentleman from Tennessee, I wish
to ask my colleague a question. I understand
my colleague to assert that Democratic papers m
Illinois repudiated the resolution of the Cincinnati
Convention indorsingtheadmmistrationofPrank-
lin Pierce, and denied that such a resolution had
been adopted. This is a grave and sweeping
charge, and I wish him to state distinctly what
Democratic papers in Illinois he refers to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
certain. I cannot state with certainty; but my
impression is that the Freeport Bulletin denied
that such a resolution had been adopted at Cin-
cinnati.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I wish to be
understood distinctly as asserting that no paper
in Illinois, recognized as an organ of the Demo-
cratic party, and circulating among the people
of that State, ever denied the adoption of such
a resolution. On the contrary, the Democracy
of Illinois everywhere, without evasion or equiv-
ocation, sustained the platform and proceedings
of the Cincinnati Convention, the principles of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the administra-
tion of Franklin Pierce. Any assertion to the
contrary cannot be sustained by the facts. The
position of the Democracy of Illinois cannot be
mistaken by any one who wishes to understand
it. They are in favor of withdrawing this question
of slavery entirely from the Halls of Cong ress,
and of leaving its adjustment to the people ot each
State and Territory for themselves, without any
interference whatever from without. And this
just principle, I cannot doubt, will be sustained
by a large majority of the people of the northern
otates, when it is fairly and honestly presented,
without misrepresentation or evasion by our op-
ponents. J *
