TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Also, a communication from the State Depart-
ment, transmitting additional estimates for clerk
hire and stationery for the use of the Department;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means* and ordered to be printed.
Also, the journals and laws of the Territories
of Oregon and Nebraska; which were referred to
^ie Committee on Territories,
NEGKO EMANCIPATION.
Mr. GIDDlNGrS. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby, re-
quested to communicate to thi> House copies of any and of
all i solutions, bill*, petitions, motion*., papers, or speeches
presented, made, or delivered m either House of Congress,
agttauug the question ot negro emancipation in the south-
ern States of this Union, together with such information as
he may possess of the time when and the person by whom
the same was presented, made, or delivered.
Mr. ORR. I object.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. At the close of the
last session a bill (JI. R. No. 187) establishing
the collection districts of the United States, ana
designating the ports of entry and delivery in the
game, and for other purposes, was made the spe-
cial order for this day. Subsequently, a motion
was made to reconsider that motion. • I now
move that the subject be postponed until Tuesday
.next, and made the special oider for that day.
The SPEAKER. The question being a mo-
tion to reconsider, it ran ho called up at anytime.
Air. FULLER, of Maine. I prefer having the
question taken now upon the postponement until
Tuesday next.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BENSON, it was
Ordered, That leave he granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House, of the petiuon and papers of John
Lord, in oulcr that they may be presented in the Senate
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE—AGAIN.
Air, WALKER. I do not propose to continue
the discussion which lias taken place upon that
portion of the President's annual message relating
to the slavery agitation. 1 did, however, intend
to make some remarks upon that portion touching
the foreign relations of the country; but as the
hour is late, and 1 am not prepared to speak to-
day, I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CLIXCrMAN. If the' gentleman from
Alabama does not propose to speak to-day, I
hope we hhall spend suuie lime ill calling tile
States for resolutions.
Air. ORR. i object.
The question was then taken upon Air. Walk-
er's motion; and 11 was agieed to.
And thereupon (at iliree o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Uecember 10, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. S. P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Air. DURKEE presented the petition of mem-
bers of the bar in the State of Wisconsin, for an
alteration of the time of holding the United
States district court at Milwaukee and Madison,
in that State, and an increase of the compensa-
tion of the Judge of that court; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of E. M.Joslin
and others, for an act of incoiporation for an
association for the manufacture of a new kind of
building material known as Foster's new and
improved building block, in the District of
Columbia; winch was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
A'Lr. SEWARp presented the memorial of cit-
izens of the District of Columbia, praying that
an examination may be made by United States
engineers of the Potomac river, m the District
of Columbia, and a plan reported for removing
obstructions to navigation in that portion of said
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. ;
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of !
Thomas Ap Catesljy Jones, a captain in the !
2iavy, prajing to be allowed the pay withheld |
from him under the sentence of a court-martial;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of John H.
Wheeler, Minister to Nicaragua, praying the
reimbursement of moneys advanced by him for
the relief of American citizens in distress, in that
country; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition
of the Hon. Joseph R. Underwood, devisee of
Robert Craddock, an officer in the revolutionary
army, praying that the bill now before the
Senate for the settlement of the claims of revo-
lutionary officers, and of the widows and orphan
children of those who died in the service, may be
so (intended as to include the devisees of officers
who died without issue; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
the District of Columbia, praying that an exam-
ination may be made by United States engineers
of that portion of the Potomac river lying in the
District of Columbia, and a plan reported for
removing obstructions to navigation therein;
which was refeired to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BIGLER. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of .Tames Marx, father of
Robert Marx, who was killed in the massacre at
Panama. Mr. Marx represents that his son lost
a large amount of money and effects there, and
he prays for relief at the hands of the Govern-
ment. lie states that Mr. Corwme, the commis-
sioner, made reference to this case in the follow-
ing language:
" I call vottr intention to tile petition of a number of
Ameiiean citizen-,, residing <U Panama, le^pocting the ca«e
ofltobeit Mai v, who was shot while in the discharge ofhis
duty at the rail toad station, and commend it to the favor-
able confederation ot" the Department."
I am aware, Mr. President, that this question
properly belongs to the executive department of
the Government, and, also, that it has received
attention there; and that our Government has
made a demand for reparation at the hands of
the Government of New Granada, and that Mr.
Morse has been appointed commissioner. Prob-
ably, therefore, this petition is not entirely sus-
ceptible of any practical use here; but I will now
present it, and ask its reference to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
It was so referred.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
of ■ •ue/<,ns of jIan kins county, Teuneasee, in behalf of
John Fianeit-co.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, That PefrVan Bti&hkirk, heir of Thomas Van
Bushkirk, have leave to withdiaw his petition and papers.
TITLES UNDER THE GRADUATION ACT.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill sup-
plementary to the act entitled " An act to graduate
and reduce the price of the public lands to actual
v-ttleis and cultivators," approved August 4,
J854-, which was lead the first time, and ordered j
to a second reading. \
Mr. CLAY. This is a bill in which a large t
number of my constituents are deeply interested, i
as well as the constituents of evervrepresentative j
of any of the land States. The Secretary of the I
Interior, no doubt with a laudable desire to sup- !
press frauds which had been committed against
the graduation act,approved m August, 1854, has,
in my opinion, assumed a province of legislation,
and has superadded conditions to the acquisition
of title to those lands, which are unwarranted
either by the Constitution or the laws of the
land. _ Some of those conditions can never be
complied with: and consequently persons who
have completed their contracts with the Govern-
ment under the graduation act'must be dispos-
sessed of their land. I trust that the Committee
on Public Lands will take the subject into con-
sideration, and report early upon it. In order
that they may report, and that this bill may
become a law at an early day, I hope it will be i
now read a second time, with a view to reference, i
I think it proper to state, in this connection, that ;
it is substantially the bill offered by one of my
colleagues in the House of Representatives, which
I learn from the Committee on Public Lands they
have unanimously agreed to report, and to recom-
mend its passage.
The bill was read a second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of Sidney Webster, his Secretary.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
following order, submitted by Mr. Fitzpatrich,
on the 2d instant:
Ordered, That the message and accompanying docu-
ments be printed ; and that fifteen thousand additionai
copies be printed for the u e of the Senate.
The pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Adams to refer to the Committee on Printing
so much of the order as relates to the printing of
the accompanying documents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On that ques-
tion the Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me for a moment to correct myself with the
i Senator from Illinois?
Mr. PUGH. If my friend desires to make an
explanation, I will give way.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire in a very few words
to reply to the remarks of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] in reference to the con-
struction which I gave to Mr. Dunn's bill the
other day; or rather that which I said was given
to it in the canvass. I had not the report of the
Senate Committee on Territories at hand at that
moment, and was not prepared to say what I de-
sire to say at this time. The Committee on Ter-
ritories, after disposing of other portions of that
bill, and quoting the proviso, remarked as follows:
"Not content with repealing this wise and just provision,
and condemning the ?<>und constitutional principles as-
serted in it, the bill proceeds to legalize and establish. for
a limited time, hereditary slavery, not only m the Territory
of Kansas, (where theie is no* other local or affirmative
law protecting it than the enactments of the Kansas Teirf-
tonal Legislature, which have been alleged to be illegal
and void, and which the House of Representatives, by
amendments to the appropriation bills, have in-sti noted the
President not to enfoice,) but also m all that part ot N'uw
Mexico which it is pioposed to incorporate in the Territory
of Kansas, and where slavery was prohibited by the Alexf-
j can law, and it is not pretended that there h any territorial
| enactment recognizing or estabi^hing it. Having thus
j asserted and exercised the power of introducing and e>tab-
i lislnng slavery in the Termories by aet of Congress, and
; declaring children hereafter born therein to be slaves lor
I life, and their postenty after them, provided they shall be
. lemoved therefrom within a .specified peuod. the bill pro-
j cpcd-s to affhm and exercise the power of pi oh during Ma very
1 m the same Territories; foi ever from and after January 1,
1808, by enacting and putting m force the following pro-
vision, being the eighth section of the act pa&sed March 6.
18-JO, to wit."
Mr. President, I could rest my case on this
report without an additional remark; for if the
chairman of that committee [Mr. Douglas] be
notable to understand and construe laws, I do
not know who is able to do it. But I will state,
. in addition, the view which I entertained at the
time when I expressed in the canvass the opin-
ions I have stated here. It is this: that this bill
of Mr. Dunn must have had some sensible eon-
instruction. It must have been intended by those
;i who voted for it to supersede whatever laws
i existed in the Territory legalizing slavery or the
, holding of slaves in any way. Unless it could
! supersede those laws it is clear that this congres-
sional interference must he null and void. It
I proceeds on the assumption, that possibly sla-
j very may have a legal existence m theTemtory,
! and the proposed act of Congress would super-
; sede the law by winch slaves were h< Id there.
I Now, what I allege is, that those who passed
, this bill exercised, or attempted to exercise, a
| principle which would give them entire control
! over the subject of slavery in the Territories, to
j establish or to abolish it instantly: and because
j *hey assumed in this bill to have the power, and
; did not exercise it, but virtually provuhd that
: slavery might be tolerated or maintained there
for one year after the date of that law, they did
by this act of Congress recognize and maintain
slavery for twelve months. Nor will it do to say
that Congress has no power over .slavery in the
States: for this bitf went further, and provided
that those who should leave the Territory should
be slaves for life, and thafcunborn children shuuld
be slaves for life* Entertaining theju impres-
