1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
71-
sions, I put the construction on the bill stated to
the Senator from Illinois.
I hope that this will relieve me to some extent
from his confident declaration that my statements
were a palpable and entire misrepresentation of
the bill. This is all I have to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not in the Senate
Chamber at the commencement of the remarks
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, but it seems
that he is attempting to fortify the position which
lie took the other day in regard to the bill passed
by the House of Representatives, and sent to this
body, known as Mr. Dunn's bill. To strengthen
the position which he took the other day, he
reads from a report submitted to this body by my
colleague [Mr D^ouglas] on that bill.-
Now, sir, the position assumed in this report
is as much at war with the true construction of
that bill as is what the Senator said. It does not
state the bill fairly, and it is no sort of support
for the Senator from Pennsylvania to lean upon
this report. A candid mind can give but one
construction to the bill of Mr. Dunn upon this
point. It is impossible to torture it into any other
meaning than the one which I gave it, if you
examine'it fairly. That bill provides
" That the eighth section of the said act of the 6tn of
March, 1820, is Hereby revived arid declared to be in full
force and effect within the said Territories of Kansas and
Nebiaska."
That revives the eighth section of the Missouri
act, known as the Missouri compromise, which
prohibited slavery in the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska. Can there be any dispute about
- that? Here is a direct prohibition of slavery by
the revival of the eighth section of the act of 3820.
That certainly did not establish slavery: it pro-
hibited it.
It will be remembered that this bill was framed
in a spirit of concession. It was designed to 1
concede something to the friends of the Nebraska '
bill, in order to induce them, if possible, to sup- i
port it. It then contains this proviso:
" Provided, however, Thai any peraon lawfully held to ;
service in either of said Territories shall not b«.j discharged :
from such service by reason of the repeal and revival of the
said eighth section."
The position which 1 took was that Mr. Dunn's j
bill did not establish slavery. In the first place,
it provided that no slavery should exist in Kan-
sas. It then provided, that if there was any per-
son lawfully held in service there, then, by reason
of the revival of the Missouri compromise by this
bill, he shall not be discharged if he is removed
out of the Territory before the 1st of January, >
1858. Is it possible to construe that into a pro- i
vision establishing slavery ? j
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. This is perhaps the point upon
which the Senator may not have comprehended j
my views clearly. The point I press upon his j
attention is this: that if slave'ry had a legal exist- '
ence in the Territory, those who passed Mr. J
Dunn's bill must have assumed that Congress j
had a perfect right to interfere with the legal ex- '
istence of slavery in the Territories. What I '
say, then, is, that if they had that power they '
could abolish it or establish it. The same prin-
ciple would give them entire control over it. j
Now, they did not exercise that power by a :
prompt abolition of slavery; but they allowed it,
they tolerated it, and they recognized it for a ,
year, and for life, as to*those that might leave
the Territory in the mean time. That is the
point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is true, Mr. President,
that those who passed Mr. Dunn's bill did assume
that Congress had authority to legislate upon
the subject of slavery m the Territories. They '
assumed that, by restoring the Missouri compro-
mise, which prohibited slavery, there is a direct ;
assumption of that power. It went further. ;
Mr. BIGLER. It says " persons lawfully!
held to service." <
Mr. TRUMBULL. The restoration of the i
Missouri compromise would have set free every \
person held as a slave in the Territory. Now, '
does the Senator from Pennsylvania assume that '!
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, of winch he is such a .
supporter, established slavery ? How did slavery !
get into Kansas? If *here was no legal slavery  
there, this proviso has no operation at all, because i
the proviso applies only to the case of persons
lawfully held to service. The friends of MV.
Dunn's bill did not believe that there was a slave
lawfully held in Kansas. They could well vote
for this proviso. They believe all the slavery in
Kansas to be illegal; but there were others taking
a different view. While in one breath gentlemen
on the other side charge with abolitionism the
members of the Republican party, in the &ext
breath they say we are for establishing slavery!
Look at the inconsistency of the thing. We were
disposed to deal fairly. I will tell you what my
understanding is of the reason why this proviso
was put into the bill. There is a very large party
in the country which believes—and such is the
view of nearly every southern Senator—that the
owner of a slave has a right to take him into any
Territory of the United States, and hold him as
a slave, under the Kansas-Nebraska bill. The
President of the United States has recognized the
territorial laws of Kansas as valid and binding.
The territorial authorities there have recognized
them as valid. In our opinion they are invalid;
but we were willing to concede something to
those who thought differently from us.
Now I put this case. Suppose an honest farmer
of Kentucky, acting on the assurance given by the
President of the United States, that the so-called
territorial laws of Kansas were valid, and upon
•the assurance given by the territorial authorities,
that the territorial laws of Kansas regulating
slavery were valid, moved into Kansas with his
slaves, having, as he supposedby these assurances,
a perfect right to hold them as slaves in Kansas.
We were about passing a bill to restore the Mis-
souri compromise arid prohibit slavery in Kansas;
but I am not such an Abolitionist—and I say it
here—I am not Abolitionist enough to wish to
rob an honest man of his property. If the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania condemns me for that, he
may. I am willing to say, in my place here in
the Senate, that 1 am not governed by any such
sickly sentimentality in regard to slaverv, that I
will rob the owner of a slave. If an honest man
had gone into Kansas in good faith with his
slaves, supposing that he had a right to hold
them there under the laws of Kansas, which the
President had recognized, and which the terri-
torial authorities had recognized, I should be
willing to give that man a reasonable time to get
out of the Territory with his slaves. And now
you tell me here that I am in favor of establishing
slavery in Kansas because I do that! I say, sir,
that it comes with an ill grace from these gentle-
men to make such imputations on us. We were
disposed to deal fairly and honorably with all the
honest bona jide citizens who had gone into Kan-
sas under a false assurance, if you please to call
it so; but yet it was an assurance given by the
constituted authorities of the country, the Presi-
dent of the United States and the Federal officers
in Kansas. It was no more than, fair to the
honest citizen who had gone there with his slaves,
to give him a reasonable opportunity to get them
away. That was the reason why this provision
was put into the bill.
Rut 1 repeat what I said the other day, that
this bill does nothing towards establishing sla-
very. If the citizen of Kentucky who had settled
in Kansas with his slaves had no right to hold
them as slaves under the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
then I defy the ingenuity of man to find the author-
ity to hold them as staves under Mr. Dunn's
bill. It simply provides that the bill shall not
free the slave if he is removed out of the Territory
within a year; but it does not provide that he
shall be a slave lor a year or for a day. Neither
the report of my colleague, nor the assertions of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, can change the
facts or the law of the case, until it shall be de-
termined that a provision declaring that a bill
shall not free a man, makes a man a slave; and I
say thatis a perversion of language. A provision
declaring that nothing in a bill contained should
prevent the Senator from Pennsylvania from
walking out of this Chamber, would not compel
him to walk out of it; nor does a provision that
nothing in it contained shall free a slave if he is
removed out of the Territory within a year, make
him a slave for a year. It simply prevents the
application of the Missouri compromise to that
class of persons who were legally held in slavery
in Kansas, if any such there were. In my judg-
ment there were nonesuc-h, and it had no meaning;
but others thought differently, and as a' conces-
sion to them it was inserted.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it is certainly
a new position for me to occupy here or else-
where? that I should attempt to defend the present
Chief Magistrate against any personal assault.
I do not stand in any relation of confidence to
him whatever. I never received a favor at his
hands, and never solicited one at has, hands in
which I had any personal interest. I rise only
to defend htm as I would defend the humblest
citizen of the Republic against an asserted, and,
as it seems to me, wholly unfounded series of
accusations.
My colleague [Mr. Wade] asserts that the
President of the United States has employed
libelous terms in speaking of a large portion of
our common constituents who voted for Colonel
Fremont at the last presidential election. If this
charge were true in any sense, I should con-
cur with my colleague in the condemnation he
has pronounced; for, although I should have
deplored the election of Colonel Fremont as the
greatest calamity which could have befallen the
American peopfe, I should have felt bound to
render my tribute to the course of those honest,
patriotic, but as I think misguided, citizens of the
State of Ohio who voted for him. The paragraph
upon which my colleague based this accusation is
that one which I shall now send to the Secretary,
and ask him to read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" Our institutions, framed in the spirit of confidence in
the intelligence and integrity of the people, do not forbid
citizens, either individually or associated together, to attack
by writing, speech, or any other methods short of physical
force, the Constitution and the very existence of the Union.
Under the shelter of this great liberty, and protected by the
laws and usages of the Government they assail, associa-
tions have been formed in some of the Stares of individuals
wbo, pretending to seek only to prevent thf  «pread of the
institution of slavery into the piesent or future inchoate
States of the Union, are really inflamed with desire to
change the domestic institution? of existing States. To
accomplish their objects, they dedicate themselves to the
odious task of depreciating the Government organization
which stands in their way, and of calumniating, with in-
discriminate invective, not only the citizens of particular
States, with whose laws they find fault, but all others of
their fellow-citizens throughout the country who do not
participate with them in their assaults upon the Constitu-
tion, framed and adopted by our fathers, and claiming for
the privileges it has secured, and the blessings it has con-
ferred, the^steady support and grateful reverence of their
children. They seek an object which they well know to
be a revolutionary one. They are perfectly aware that the
change in the relative condition of the white and black
races in the slaveholding States, which they would promote,
' is beyond their lawful authority; that to them it is a "foreign
: object; that it cannot be effected by any peaceful in?trn-
; mentality of theirs; that for them, and the States of which
they are citizens, the only path to its accomplishment is
through burning cities, and ravaged fields, and slaughtered
populations, and all there is most terrible m foreign, com-
plicated with civil and servile war; and that the first step
in the attempt is the forcible disruption of a country em-
bracing in its broad bosom a degree of liberty, and an
amount of individual and public prosperity, to which there
is no parallel m history, and substituting in its place hostile
governments, driven at once and inevitably into mutual
devastation and fratricidal carnage, transforming the now
peaceful and felicitous brotherhood into a vast permanent
camp of armed men, like the rival monarchies of Europe
and Asia. Well knowing that such, and such only, are
the means and the consequences of their piano and pur-
poses, they endeavor to prepare tne people of the United
rotate* for civil war by doing everything in their power to
deprive the Constitution and the laws of moral authority,
and to undermine the fabric of the Union by appeals to
passion and actional prejudice, by indoctrinating its people-
1 with reciprocal hatred, and by educating them to stand
; face to face as enemies, rather than shoulder to shoulder
I as friends."
1 Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it is impossible
! that this paragraph can apply to the members of
1 the Republican party, if it be true, as asserted on
this floor, that they do not aim at legislation by
' Congress on the subject of slavery within the
; States. It is directed against those who held that
' doctrine. It relates to the men whom the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson',] and the
' Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessesden,] them-
selves denounced dn this floor, whom, to be sure,
, the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
1 said lie had never seen, but whom the Senator
i from Massachusetts admitted to be within the
! circle of his acquaintance.
I The President proceeds, however, to speak of
' another class of his fellow-citizens, of the class
: to which these gentlemen say they belong. What
terms does he apply to them?
'< Itis bv the agencyof such unwarrantable interference,
• foreign au'd domestic, Eha! the mind* of man\, otherwise
i good Citizens, have been so inflamed mto the passionate
