72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
condemnation of the domestic institutions of the southern
States, as at length to pass insensibly to almost equally
passionate hostility towaids their fellow-citizens of those
Stales, and thus, finally, to fall into temporary fellowship
with the avowed and active enemies of the Constitution.
Ardently attached to liberty in the abstract, they do not
stop to consider practically how the objects they would
attain can be accomplished, nor to reflect that, even if the
evil were as groat as they deem it, they have no remedy
to apply, and that it can be only aggravated by their violence
and unconstitutional action."
That is the paragraph immediately following
the one which was read from the Secretary's
desk. But the President does not stop there; he
proceeds, in a third paragraph, in these words:
" 1 confidently believe that the gieat body of tho^e who
inconsidetately took this fatal step are sincerely attached
to the Constitution and the Union. Tliev would, upon
deliberation, shrunk with unaffected hoirorfiom any con-
scious act of disunion or civil war. Hut They have cnteicd
into a path which leads nowhere, unie>< it be to civil war
and disunion,and which has no other possible outlet. They
have proceeded thus far in that dueuion in consequence
of the successive stages of their piogiess having consisted
of a series of secondary issues, each of which professed to
be confined witlnn constitutional and peaceful limits, but
which attempted indirectly what few men were wilting
to do directly; that, ts, to act aggressively against the con-
stitutional rights of nearly oue half of the thnty-one
States,"
The amount of it is, that the President has
expressed his opinion that, although these gentle-
men were actuated by honest motives, although
they were attached to the Constitution and the
Unton—and he has pronounced upon this as high
a enlogium as they have pronounced upon them-
selves—yet in Jus judgment there is no outlet
from the path which they now pursue, and into
which they have been incautiously betrayed,
exccpt through disunion and civil war. They
may find fault with the President's argument;
they may find fault with Ins conclusion; they
may say that it is not warranted by the premises;
but I appeal to any candid mind—1 appeal to these
gentlemen themselves, upon reconsideiation—
where is the pretext for asserting that the Presi-
dent ot the United Stales has employed libelous
language towards them, or in any way called in
question their motives or their intentions?
The Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
however, took occasion, in his brief observations,
to declare that passages of this dencription were
without precedent in the executive message, lie
Held up General Pierce aw the first President of
the United States who lmd ev< r permitted him-
self, in his communications to Congress, to speak
of the conduct of any consuieiahle number of ins
fellow-citizens. The {Senator seems to be as little
acquainted with the language of Washington, as
t think he is at quainted with his sentiments and
his principles. In the sixth annual address of
Washington to Congress, dated the 19th of No-
vember, 1794, t find this paragraph, speaking of
the citizens of southern and western Pennsyl-
vania, who had, by associations, obstructed the
execution of the laws of the United States, but
which had boon suppressed by the interposition
of the military force of the United States:
"And when, in tlie eahu moments, ot felleetiou, they
fhJiH have traced the nugm and pio^e,., of ilie uimuicc-
tioii, let, them detrnmne whether it lue- not been fomented
by combinations of men, who. caicle-, of consequences
and disclaims the unernu?,' truth, itiat Jliox: who can
rouse cannot alvvajs appea.e a eml convulsion, have
di^cmniated, fiom an ignorance or pervei-joii of iVis ■
Bu.-picion-, jealousie.-, and aeeu-atioij* ol the whole (JmV- !
eminent.'"'
It would really seem no if the Ime of aigument |
adopted by the President in tins message had ;
been taken from the line of argument pursued by \
Washington upon that occasion. !
But the same Senator, as well as the Senators '
from New Hampshire and Massachusetts, de- I
elared that there was no precedent for the Pros- I
idem of the United States in referring to the !
results of a presidential election m any of his '
communications to Congress. Without havm°* '
examined this matter to any great extent, I have j
found two precedents m the ex'ample of two Pies- !
identR, each one of which would be sufficient j
with me, and certainly with those who concur!
with me in political sentiment. In the second
inaugural addiess of Thomas Jefferson, delivered '
on the 4th of March, 1805, he spoke in distinct !'
terms, not only of the charges which had been j!
made against his administration upon the floor H
of Congress, but of the charges winch had been i|
madft m the newspapers. Here is his language: !;
u During tin-* course of administration, and in order to !j
disturb it, the artillery of the press has been leveled against j j
us, charged with whatsoever its licentiousness could devise
or dare. The^e abuses of an institution so important to
fieedom and seience are deeply to be regretted, inasmuch
as they tend to lessen its uselulness and'to sap its safety ;
they might, indeed, have been corrected by the wholesome
punishments reserved and provided by the laws of the sev-
eral States against falsehood and defamation; but public
duties moie utgent press on the time of public servants,
and the offenders have therefore been left to find their pun-
ishment in the public indignation.
" Nor was it uninteresting to the world that an experi-
ment should he iairlv and fully made, whether freedom of
discussion, unaided by power, is not sufficient for the prop-
agation and protection of tiuth—whether a Government,
conducting itself m the tiue spirit of its constitution, with
von) and purity, and doing no act which it would be nn-
wiihng the whole woikl should witness, can be written
down by falsehood and defamation. The expenment has
been tried; you have witnessed the scene; our fellow-
citizens have looked on, cool and collected; they saw the
latent source liom winch these outrages proceeded; they
gathered around then public functionalles, and, when the
Constitution called them to the decision by suffrage, they
pronounced their verdict—honorable to those who had
seived them, and consolatory to tlie friend of man, who
believes he may be intrusted with his own affairs."
If Mr. Jefferson had lived to our day, he would
have found that the falsehood of the press in his
time bore but a very slight proportion to the new
system of falsehood in which it indulges at this
period.
There is another precedent. I will not read it,
but 1 will refer to it. Do we not all recollect
that, m his celebrated protest addressed to this
body, as well as dispersed throughout his annual
messages, at the same time, Andrew Jackson
referred to the election of 1832 as a direct indorse-
ment of his conduct towards the Bank of the
United States?
It may, however, be suggested that the present
Chief Magistrate was not himself reelected, as
Jefferson and Jackson were. That distinction,
for the purposes of this argument, amounts to
nothing. Those gentlemen have themselves de-
clared here, at the last session, and at this ses-
sion—they have declared throughout the country,
in all imaginable forms—that the election of Mr.
lluchananwas a continuation of the policy which
this Administration has inaugurated. The ques-
tion whether a particular man is renominated
by the Democracy, is a question with which, I
submit, they have no concern. It was, m early
times, a favorite maxim with the Democratic
party that their Piesident should be elected for a
single term, (leneral Jackson professed if, and
he violated that rule only m consideration of the
peculiar circumstances which sutrounded him
and the patty in the year 1830. I do not speak
of the personal relations of the present Adminis-
tration; of its choice of officers; of its conduct of
detail; of the question whether this might have
been done better, or whether that should have
been left undone. I speak of the general prin- j
ciples which have been professed by the Presi- ;
dent, and are professed, as 1 understand, by the i
convention which nominated Mr, Buchanan, and !
by Mr. Buchanan himself. i
The Senator fioir: New Hampshire declared I
that the President had no authority, under the i
Constitution, to discuss these topics in an exec- ■
j lUive message. The President himself has an- !
j swered that view in a brief paragraph, expressed i
, so much better than I could express it, that Twill '
| trouble the Senate to listen to it: ;
| aThe Constitution requires that tiie President shall, '
' ftoin tune to t'rnc, not only recommend to the consideration ;
: of Congie--! =ii(h im-aniics as he may judge wcessarv ami i
i CApediuijt, bur alto that he siiaii give mloimatum to them !
■ ol tiie -ifate of the Onion. To do this tu!l\ involves expo- !
HtMja- of ,s!J matter m tlie actual condition ot the countr\ ■
: dome-He or foreign, which essentially concern the general i
wellaie " ,
With lh.it I leave the President to the assault ■
which the Senator from New Hampshire made j
rhe Senator from Maine [Mr. "FlxskncfvI
charges the Piesident with having asserted that !
which he knew to be untrue; he charts the '
Piesident with having uttered a deliberate false-
hood 1U asserting that the people of the North, as •
a body, claim for Congress a power to legislate
on the subject of slavery within the States. Sir, '■
tne President made no such assertion. I have \
alicadv shown that in answering some observa-
tions of my colleague; but I quote this para raoh
in order to put the matter forever at rest. Speak- ''
in"1 of the condition of this question at the time i1
when the compromise measures were adopted, in :
September, 1850, tlie President says: jj
8cn?ra')ti)e pfopie of the northern ^ i
have never at a y fine arrogated for tlie federal : j
Government the power to interfere'directly with the do-
mestic condition of persons in the southern States, but, on
the contrary, have disavowed all such intentions, and have
shrunk from conspicuous affiliation with those few who
pursue their fanatical objects avowedly through the contem-
plated means of revolutionary change of the Government,
and with acceptance of the necessary consequeite« v_~?l
civil and servile war—yet many citizens have suffered
themselves to be drawn into one evanescent political i&&ue
of agitation after another, apprertaimng to the same set
of opinions, and winch subsided as rapidly a  they aiof-e
when it came to be seen, as it uniformly did, that they
weie incompatible with the compacts of the Constitution
and the existence of the Union."
The President has said, in so many words,
that the body of the northern people never arro-
gated for Congress any such power. The Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] asserts that
the President falsely said that the Supreme Court
of the United States had, in a long series of
decisions, declared that Congress hai no power
to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the
Territories. The President said nothing of that
sort. The President did say (speaking,as I before
remarked, of the state of the Union at the time
of the compromise measures in 1850) this:
" In the progress of constitutional inquiry and reflection,
it had now at length come to be seen clearly that Congress
doc? not possess constitutional power to impose restrictions
of this chaiacter upon any present or futuie State of the
Union. In a long series of decisions, on the fullest argu-
ment, and aftei tlie most deliberate consideration, the Su-
preme Court of the United States* had finally determined
this point m eveiy form under which the question could
arise, whetheras affecting public or private rights—m ques-
tions of the public domain, of religion, of navigation, and
of seivitude."
The President did say that, in his opinion, the
eighth section of the act of March 6, 1820, which
the Senator calk the Missouri compromise, was
null for unconstitutionality; but he did not say that
the Supreme Court had ever so decided. Is it a
new thing for a President of the United States to
communicate to Congress his opinion of the con-
stitutionality or unconstitutionality of any meas-
ure ? Why, sir, the records which we have are
full of opinions expressed by Presidents in the
same circumstances; and certainly no President
ever took upon himself that responsibility to a
gieater extent than Andrew Jackson.
The Senator from Illinois was not satisfied
with that. lie asserted that the Supreme Court
had decidcd exactly otherwise; and that assertion
has been reiterated by tlie Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Coli.amer,] and by my colleague, [Mr.
Wade.] For the sake of reducing this question
to an exact point, these Senators &ave finally
settled on the case of the American Insurance
Company os. Canter, reported in 1 Peters, 54G.
It is on that rock they have built their faith; and
if it shall appear, on a candid examination of
that case, that it does not warrant anything
which they have drawn from it, then it seems to
me these gentlemen must withdraw their oppo-
sition, and invent some new crusade against
the President and his political supporters." The
assertion-of the Senator from Illinois was, that
the court decided iri that case, that in exercis-
ing jurisdiction over the Terntoiies, Congress
employed all the powers of the Federal and of a
State Government. That is not the language of
the court; nor has the court uttered any expres-
sion m relation to this subject. What was the
case? It is easily stated. A vessel had been
j driven ashore at Key West,in Flouda Territory,
j and had been seized as a wreck. The ca-sc was
| then brought before, I think, a syndic conn,
| with five jurors, according to the Spanish law
j 1 hey held an inquest dh tiie vessel, ami they
j condemned her as derelict, and ordered her to be
i sold, and^ the proceeds paid to the salvors. The
; master of the vessel, when he left her on the hitrh
; seas, had abandoned her to the underwiitery^to
i wit, the American Insurance Company; and those
t underwriters hiou«ht their action* of trover
, n^anist the purchaser at that .sale, claiming that
there was no su^h legal authority; that tins -;yn~
d-c court was a mere nulhty;that it had no admi-
ralty powers to sit in 'judgment on a case of
wi^ck: and that the whole pidmal proceedim"
was void. ' "*
I he question came to the Supreme Court for
determination. Mark you, .sir, it wa-5 a ma-Mnm
ol admiralty jurisdiction, if the syndic court
had jurisdiction in admiralty under the Consti-
tution, that was an end of the underwriter'* case,
because that judgment in admiralty being, as we
say, a judgment in rem, extinguished the right
