THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1856.
New Series...,No. 6 r
southern slave market, when there was no eye to
pity and no arm to save, by mutual agreement
sent the souls of their children to Heaven rather
than suffer them to descend to the hell of slavery,
and then committed suicide, and rushed into the
presence of God, and made their appeal against
those who now sustain crimes which rise to
Heaven and call for vengeance upon our guilty
land.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I desire to
call the gentleman's attention to another fact. I
understand the gentleman to take the position
that there is no authority in the Constitution for
surrendering up those who are held to service
who flee from one State into another.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am. And whenever a
slave sets foot upon free soil, if I had the power,
I would make him as free as the air which he
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I would
ask the gentleman if he is prepared to violate an
express provision of the Constitution ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, sir. I understand the
Constitution of the United States; and I know
that those who framed the Constitution never
intended to degrade me or my fellow Republic-
ans by making us the bloodhounds to chase the
panting fugitive. Sir, I repudiate and detest
such doctrine. It never was the doctrine of the
Constitution and never will be.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. Another
question. I ask the gentleman to draw a distinc-
tion between the provision of the Constitution
which requires the rendition of slaves, and that
provision of the Constitution which, in the elect-
oral vote, gives a three-fifths representation to
slaves. The words used are identically the same.
In the one instance it provides for the rendition
of those who are bound to service; and in the
other, in fixing the ratio of representation, it uses
the words, "those bound to service." And
although the same words are used, the gentle-
man says one means slaves and the other appren-
tices.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman will pro-
pound questions to me pertinent to the subject
under consideration, I will listen to them until
my hour expires; but I am unwilling that he
should occupy my time with such interrogatories
as that now proposed. It has no relation to the
remarks I was making.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I desire to
propound a question to the gentleman. The pro-
vision of the Constitution which the gentleman
denies to be of binding force, uses identically the
same language as that contained in the provision
giving three-fifths representation. It says that
persons escaping from service shall be rendered,
upon application, to him to whom that service is
due. The same language is used in the other
clause of the Constitution to which I referred.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will always hear gentle-
men courteously who propound questions which j
are directed to the subject which I am discussing; ■
but I cannot be led off into the field which the j
gentleman now asks; but he must not abuse my ;
courtesy by misrepresenting me as denying any :
part of the Constitution, when I distinctly in-
formed him that I hold to that instrument and 1
will obey it. I was speaking of the right of the :
people of the North to utter their sentiments upon '
this question of returning fugitive slaves.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I desire the
gentleman to answer the question which I have
propounded.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It takes the gentleman from
Mississippi quite too long to propound questions.
He has abused my courtesy and transgressed all
bounds of propriety. I will not suffer him longer
to encroach upon my brief hour.
I was about to proceed with remarks upon the
opinions of the President, and his usurpation
and attempted tyranny in thus endeavoring to
exercise a supervision over the people who have i
made him, politically, what he is. Butaslhave ,
but a minute left, I will, without going further j
into that subject, remark that, in what I have said t
6
touching the President, I have felt no spirit of
unkindness. I feel a pity, a sympathy for him.
He is somewhat advanced in life,' and now cast
off by his former friends. In his age, the South
having got all the advantage they can make out
of him, used him body and soul and intellect;
they have now repudiated him, and now that he
is about to retire to private life, I would not add
a single pang to his remorse. I sorrow for the
man that has thus deserved the repudiation of
his friends; and as I close I will say that, as I
have been led from the train of remark by inter-
rogatories, I shall write out what I intended to
have said.
Mr. MORRISON. Mr. Speaker, it may be a
bold undertaking for the youngest member of
this House to follow the senior Representative
from Ohio upon this occasion; but I believe that,
upon this floor at least, we haye all attained ma-
jority. As one of the Representatives of Illinois,
the twin sister of Ohio, born of the ordinance
of 1787,1 feel it incumbent upon me, fresh from
the people, to express the views I entertain,
and which 1 know will be indorsed by my con-
stituents, upon some of the questions embraced
in the message of the President of the United
States.
Sir, the message, has been assailed with a
rancor and violence unexampled m the history
of State papers. For one I thank the Piesidenl
for the boldness, independence, and straightfor-
wardness, with which he defends the leading
measure of his administration. Why do gentle-
men upon the other side shrink from the "just
responsibility" of their acts visited upon them
in a language appealing eloquently to the intelli-
gence and patriotism of the American people ?
Has not the President, and the Democratic party
been assailed by this Republican organization in
a spirit which justifies the President in the em-
ployment of vigorous language in his defense ?
Sir, I will not designate it as a party—it lias
never attained thatdignity. Apolitical organiza-
tion which is confined to a particular section of
the Union, that cannot assert and vindicate its
principles throughout the country; which, start-
ing in the northern States, cannot cross the Ohio,
stops upon the banks of the Chesapeake or Po-
tomac, and there buries its political faith, can
never attain the dignified appellation of party.
The President has properly defended himself,
in language suitable to the occasion—dignified
in its selection, and telling in the cogency of its
arguments, and reasoning against the men who
have so violently assailed him. The political
organization which met at Philadelphia arraigned
the President and charged him with the commis-
sion of high crimes and misdemeanors against
the Constitution of his country. Do they now
shrink from the responsibility they then as-
sumed ? Are they afraid of Ins answer to their
accusation, or would they who hold the freedom
of speech a fundamental idea of their organiza-
tion, deny to the President the constitutional
right to defmid himself and his measures from
the false and calumnious aspersions east upon
him by their leaders in political convention?
I address this House as a northern man, and
as such, I charge upon Republicanism that it is
a northern organization ns coruradisiirsguished
from a national one; and I stand prepaied to
prove it. Sir, it has no part, no history, no tradi-
tions, no monuments, that it can point to and say,
behold the result of our labors, the fruits of our
wisdom m the advancementof civilization, virtue,
and liberty amongst men—nothing that can be
looked to for the determination of its character, !
but its platform of principles, the charter of its
creation.
In its examination I find that the President is
charged with the commission of the highest j
crimes known to the law. Do gentlemen forget
upon what issues they have gone to the country:
Do they lose sight of the fact that there is some-
thing in their platform besides assaults upon our
southern brethren and the institutions of the
southern States—beyond the vindication of their
favorite idea, that freedom in their keeping is
alone safe ? To remind them of the position they
occupy, I read one of their resolutions, which is
as follows. Speaking of Kansas and the wrongs
which have been committed in that Territory,
they say:
" Murders, robberies, and arsons have been instigated
and encouraged, and the offenders have been allowed to go
unpunished. That all these things have been done with
the knowledge, sancUon, and procurement of the present
Administration, and that for this high crime against the
Constitution, the Union, and humanity, we arraign that Ad-
ministration, the President, his advisers, agents, supporters,
apologists, and accessories, either before or alter the fact,
before the coujjtry and be/ore the world; and that it is our
fixed purpose to bring the actual perpetrators of these atro-
cious outrages, and their accomplices, to a sure and condign
punishment hereafter."
Thus, sir, the President of the United States,
the highest officer known to our Constitution,
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
the Executive officer of the Government, is charged
with the commission of the highest crimes known
in the code of civilized nations. " Murder, rob-
bery, and arson," it is alleged, have been com-
mitted by his "procurement," and for their
commission they propose to bring him to a " sure
and condign punishment." The gentlemen wh«
framed that platform were old political stagers,
who understood the meaning of their language,
and that the word " condign" was rendered by
the most approved lexicographers to mean " suit-
able," "merited," "deserved." The crime com-
mitted by the procurement of the President was
" murder " in Kansas. The " suitable," " mer-
ited," and "deserved" punishment for which
is hanging. The Republican party had prepared
the noose for the President, but there was a
power between the executioner and his victim—
the sovereign people. Thank God they have
adjusted the rope about the political neck of
Republicanism, [laughter,] and its convulsions
to-day indicate a speedy dissolution under that
wholesome regimen. They profess to be the
organization of law and order, of liberty, reli-
gion, and morals; yet they arraign the Chief
Magistrate for the commission of the highest
crimes, in the discharge of his constitutional
duties.
What a spectacle, sir, do we present to the
civilized world ! The President accused by a
great political organization of offenses against the
laws of God and man, compared with which the
crimes that lost Charles I. his head, and drove
Louis XVI. from his ancestral throne, deluging
Europe in a sea of blood, shrink into insignifi-
cance. Yet this Administration, thus steeped in
crime, revolting to humanity, andan outrage upon
the spirit of the age, has been sustained and vin-
dicated by the unbought verdict of the American
people at the ballot-box. Sir, your arraignment
of the President is " before the world;" its intel-
ligence will lead it to one of two conclusions—
either that the Republican party have made a
false accusation, and are consequently unworthy
of public confidence, or that the people of the
United States have lost their sense of justice, and
a full appreciation of the dignified position which
the intelligence and civilization of the age require
them to occupy. You complain that the Pres-
ident has charged you with being sectional. Do
yon deny it?
Mr. L'EITER. I deny it.
Mr. MORRISON. I am prepared to prove the
truth of the charge. Your party has two sec-
tional characteristics ; the one in its organization,
the other in its principles.
Mr. LEITER. I demand the proof.
Mr. MORRISON. I am a young member, sir,
and may not conduct this running discussion
according to parliamentary rule3, but can readily
assign my reasons for charging sectionalism upon
this party. 1 allege that it is sectional m its
organization, and to prove it have only to allude
to the fact that, in the convention which gave it
birth, none of the fifteen southern States were
represented. I believe that an old gentleman from
Maryland strayed oft" to Philadelphia upon that
occasion, but was repudiated by those he pro-
