m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL<5®&
December 11,
may have been consecrated to slavery, the altar
and the god shall sink together in the dust, and
universal emancipation .and consequent political
equality, their garments dripping with fraternal
blood, shall hold high revel over this land."
Such was the meaning of the language em-
ployed in the Worth. But there is firm patriotism
in the Middle States. Illinois and Indiana, and
Pennsylvania stand true to the TJnion and the
Constitution; and even Ohio shows some signs
of remorse. She cries out "Mea culpa, mea
culpa, et mea maxima culpa!" and asks, by her
eight Democratic Representatives, to be again
admitted into the ranks of conservative, Union-
loving States.
- Mr. H. MARSHALL obtained the floor, but
yielded to Mr. Stanton, who moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at twenty-five minutes to four o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
«'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 11,1S5G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. James Bell, of New Hampshire, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information in relation to the
amount of the claims against the late Republic
of Texas, provided for in the act of February
28, 1855, not presented at the Treasury for pay
ment; which was read, and ordered to be printed
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Oak Hill, Ohio, for tho establishment of a mail
route from Oak Hill to Wilkesville, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
Richard T. Spotswood,for himself'and tho other
heirs of John Spotswood, a captain in the Vir-
ginia lino of tho army of tho Revolution, pray-
ing to be allowed commutation pay; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also presented the memorial of T. Kearney
and others, watchmen employed in the Executive
Departments in Washington, praying for an in-
crease of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of
Michael Kinney,praying to bo allowed a pension
for a wound received while acting as a teamster
in the public service; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of William D.
Porter, a lieutenant in the Navy, who has been
placed upon the retired list, praying to be restored
to the active-service list; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That Daniel Nippes liave I wave to withdraw Ins
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That WiUiam De Buys have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. STUART submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of making an appro-
priation for the construction of a building at the city of St.
PauJ, in the Territory of Minnesota, for a custom-house,
post-office, and court-house, and that they report by bill or
otherwise,
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN IOWA.
Mr. JOKES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which -^as considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of piovidmg by law for the
construction of a bmldmg at Burlington, in the State of
Iowa, for the accommodation of the surveyor of the port,
as a custom-house, for a post office, and for the use of the
district court of the United States which is held at that
"place.
SUGAR AND MOLASSES DUTIES.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to: -
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance bef instructed
to inquire into the expediency of suspending the duties
upon sugar and molasses* for the period of two years.
EXTENSION OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sort, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so extending the pension
laws as to embrace those who served as Indian rangeis or
spies for a period of ten days subsequent to the war of the
Revolution, and prior to the year 1800; piovided said
scrvice be shown by record evidence.
REPORT ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolvei, That two thousand copies of the last annual
report of the Commissioner on Indian Affairs, with the ac-
companying documents, be printed and bound for the use
of the Indian office.
It is the usual resolution which has been
adopted, as a matter of course, for the last three
or four years.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has the
document been ordered to be printed heretofore ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It will be printed of course
with the documents accompanying the Presi-
dent's message. This is for the additional num-
ber allowed the Indian office simply for the reason
that, under the law of 1853, that office cannot ap-
propriate its contingent fund for the purpose of
printing these copies. It costs about four hun-
dred dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion must be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the rule requires it, let
it go to the Committee on Printing.
It was so referred.
OBITUARY OF HON. JOHN M. CLAYTON.
Mr. JAMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing cause to be
published and bound in pamphlet form, in such manner as
may seem to them appropriate, for the use of the Senate,
ten thousand copies of the addiesses made by the mem-
bers of the Senate and members of the House of Represent-
atives, upon the occasion of the death of the Hon. John
M. Clayton, late a United States Senator from the State of
Delaware.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CLAY. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 hope that motion will not
prevail while there is any disposition to discuss
the question winch lias been occupying the
attention of the Senate. If the discussion goes
on, as it has done heretofore, it will consume a
great deal of time. If we sit four days a week,
and have four sneeches in that time, in a body of
sixty-two memfcers, we shall not have a day to
attend to the public business. I hope we shall
continue to sit daily, at least until we can get rid
of that subject.
Mr. CLAY. I think it would be an economy
of public time, and highly desirable to such of
us as have business to transact at the Depart-
ments, to give us the next two days.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill amendatory of an
act passed May 30, 1854, entitled " An act to
organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas. "
SURVEY OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 470) to
provide for a survey of the Ohio river and its
principal tributaries; which was read the first and
.second times by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
military storekeepers.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. ,471) to
increase the compensation of military storekeep-
ers; which was read the first and second times.
Mr. FOOT. I move the reference of this bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs with the
single remark, that among all classes of officers
of the Government, whether civil or military,
perhaps no class in the public service is less
adequately compensated than the class embraced
in this bill. The bill is similar to one introduced
by General Dix, of New York, in 1848, but which
failed of a final action. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs at the last session, in a general bill
embracing other purposes, recommended, I think
unanimously, an increased compensation to this
class of officers.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
PAYMENTS OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up a bill for the purpose of assigning
a future day for its hearing when the Senate shall
be full. It is a bill which was made a special
order for several days at the last session. It is
Senate bill (No. 146) making provision to com-
pensate agents for paying pensions and prescrib-
ing the time and manner of settling their ac-
counts.
Mr. STUART. I shall have no objection to
taking up that bill, and assigning a day for its
consideration, with the understanding on the part
of the Senator from New York that it shall not
be considered until the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] arrives here.
Mr. SEWARD. It is with that view that I
propose to assign a week from next Monday for
its consideration. He may then be here. If
not, it can be postponed.
Mr. STUART. Any time that he may be here
will suit me.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, its further con-
sideration was postponed to, and made the special
order for, next Monday week, at one o'clock.
DEPARTMENT OF LAW.
Mr. ADAMS. Is there not a special order
assigned for to-day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
special order for to-day, at one o'clock, but that
hour is not yet arrived. It is the bill (S. No.
347) to establish a Department of Law, and to
prescribe certain duties of the Auditors and
Comptrollers of the Treasury.
Mr. ADAMS. I presume that its consideration
will take but little time, and lead to no discussion.
I have no disposition to interfere with the debate .
upon the President's message. I suppose we
can dispose of this bill during the morning hour.
It will take but very little time.
Mr. PEARCE. If the bill proposed to I>
taken up be the one numbered 347, I prefer that
it should go over. I wish to make a little exam-
ination of it. It has just been brought to my
knowledge. There are some particular's m which
I think it will require amendment. I do not
profess to have considered them so carefully as
to be able to offer an amendment now. I find
language in the bill which I think ought to be
corrected. I hope it will be permitted to go over
to another day—say Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be the
duty of the Chair to call the special order at one
o'clock. Perhaps it would be better to take it
up now, and postpone it, if that be the wish of
the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. I presume we can dispose of
it before one o'clock. If it interferes with the
regular discussion, I will consent that it be post-
poned.
Mr. PEARCE. I move its postponement to
Monday next. As I understand there are not
copies enough to supply members, I think it
would be well to have it printed again.
_ Mr. ADAMS. It was printed at the last ses-
sion. I wish to offer an amendment to it, and by
general consent, if the bill is taken up now, I will
offer the amendment, and allow the bill and the
amendment to be postponed until Monday next,
and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection the bill will be taken up now. The
