1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
Chair hears none. The bill is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
Jlnd. be it further enacted, That the Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury shall be appointed by the President, by arid
with the advice and consent of the Senate; and that this
act shall take effect and be in force from and after the 4th
of March next, and that all laws inconsistent with this act
be, and the same are hereby, repeated.
I now move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until Monday next, without
fixing any particular hour, and be made the special
order of the day, and be printed together with the
amendment.
Mr. EYANS. Before the adjournment of the
last session of Congress, the bill on the subject
of revolutionary claims was postponed to the
third Monday in December, and I hope the Sen-
ate will not fix any other business for that day,
except that which will be properly the order of
the day. I hope the gentleman from Maryland
will say Tuesday, or some other day instead of
Monday.
Mr. PEARCE. Any day will be acceptable
to me if it be satisfactory to the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. EVANS. I move that the bill now under
consideration be postponed to Tuesday next.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no particular choice
about the day if it be an early one.
The motion was agreed to; and the further
consideration of the bill was postponed to, and
made the special order for, Tuesday next.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Se"nate resumed the consideration of the
following order, submitted by Mr. Fitzpatkick,
on the 2d instant:
Ordered, That the message and accompanying documents
be printed ; and that fifteen thousand additional copies be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Adams, to refer so much of the order as
relates to the printing of extra numbers of the
accompanying documents to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, 1 do not rise to
detain the Senate with many observations. I do
not intend to enter at large into the general dis-
cussion of the various topics which have been
presented during the last two weeks; but there are
particular points—some of which I have already
discussed before the Senate, and in regard to
others of which I think I have been misunder-
stood—on which I desire to express my views;
and I shall do it very briefly. A part of my task
has been much relieved by the very able and
interesting remarks made yesterday by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pcgh,] to which I
listened with great pleasure and attention. He
certainly placed in a very conclusive point of
view the objections to the construction given by
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to a
remark of the Supreme Court. I shall make some
observations concerning it, but the work has been
so well done by the Senator from Ohio, that there
is little left for me to do in relation to it.
The honorable Senator from Illinois the other
day remarked, that the Supreme Court had de-
cided that Congress in the Territories possessed
all the powers of the General Government and of
the State governments. I was surprised at such a
declaration at the time. The Senator [Mr. Trum-
bull] is mistaken in the phraseology employed.
Ho interpolated, undesignedly, the word "all,"
as has been sufficiently shown by the Senator from
Ohio. The dictum of Judge Marshall was not
that Congress possessed all the powers, but that
tiiey possessed the combined powers of the Gen-
eral Government and of a State government. 1
have the words before me. If the honorable
gentleman supposes that I misapprehend them, I
will read them; if he does not, I shall pass over
them.
I remarked at the time that I thought the
Senator from Illinois had mistaken the object of
the court, and that the language referred not to
the extent of the jurisdiction, but to its nature.
The Senator then said this was a quibble. I do
not intend to attempt to correct the senatorial
phraseology of the member from Illinois, nor
to imitate it. The former task I leave to him-
self, with whsit hope of success I do not under-
take to say. The latter would euit neither my
taste nor my habits; but, notwithstanding this
grave rebuke, administered ex cathtdri, I repeat
my remark; and an examination of the expres-
sion of Judge Marshall confirms my first impres-
sion, that he referred to the nature of the jurisdic-
tion exercised by Congress under the circum-
stances to which he adverted, and not to the ex-
tent of the jurisdiction itself. That is precisely
the error which the Senator committed. He has
obviously mistaken a dictum of Judge Marshall,
an illustrative remark, if I may so term it, for the
decision of the Supreme Court, and has called it
a decision upon a grave point of constitutional
law. What was that dictum. ?
" In legislating for them [theTerritories] Congress exer-
cises the combined powers of the General and of a State
government."
That is, they have general powers, and local
powers to a certain extent—to what extent the
court does not undertake to determine; not un-
limitedly as the Senator supposed; but to the
extent of the question involved in the decision.
That is all they ruled. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Pugh] gave the history of this case, and the
points involved in it. I need not repeat his state-
ment. I will merely observe, however, in addi-
tion, that it turned upon the question of the power
of Congress to vest admiralty jurisdiction in the
courts organized by the Legislature of Florida,
under the act establishing that Territory. The
case involved two questions, or at least the court
considered two questions: first, the power of
Congress to establish territorial governments
under the Constitution, and next the nature of
admiralty jurisdiction connected with the Terri-
tories. The point was this: A vessel was wrecked
on the coast of Florida. Salvage was allowed
by a territorial court, and a suit was brought
to recover it, upon the ground that those courts
had no right to allow salvage; in other words, !
that they had no constitutional jurisdiction over
the subject. That brought up the question
whether they had such jurisdiction, and if so,
whence was it derived ? upon the first point, to
wit: the general question of the jurisdiction of
Congress over the Territories, Judge Marshall
made some remarks and gave the opinion of the
court. That this case is not new to me, is
proved by the fact that I hold in my hand a
speech delivered in the Senate eight years ago,
in which I went into a full consideration of the
case, and investigated the grounds of this very
decision. But I never supposed—indeed, it never
occurred to me—that any gentleman would mis-
take the explanatory dictum of Judge Marshall,
arising out of the double nature of our institu-
tions, for the decision of the court. I am not
aware that any man everadvanced the proposition
before. I must say the honorable Senator from
Illinois is the discoverer of this terra incognita.
The decision of the court upon the main point
was pronounced by Judge Marshall, and is m
these words.
After speaking of the acquisition by treaty of ,{
the Territory of Florida, he goes on to observe:
" They [the people of the Territory] do not. however,
participate m political power: they do not share m the
Government tilt Florida shall become a f?tate. In tiiemean
tnne, Florida continues to be a Territory of the United i
States, governed by virtue of that clause in the Constitu-
tton which empowers Congress ' to make all needtul rules i
and regulations respecting tlie territory or other property I
belonging to the United States.' " j
" Perhaps," continues the Chief Justice, after \
thus referring to the clause authorizing the making ;
of needful rules and regulations as the source of j
j this power of legislation— !
\ u Perhaps the power of governing a Territory belonging j
| to tlie United States, which has not. by becoming a State, !
i acquired the means of self-government, hi.lv result neces- ;
| sarily from the fact that it i- not withm the power and jn- ;
' risdiction of the United States. The right to govern may <
be the inevitable consequence of the right to acquire tern- j
tory. Whichever may be the source whence the poiver is j
derived, the possession of it is nnqne.suonert." 1
In the execution of their powers, he continues ;
to remark, Florida was thus constituted by Con- i
gress a Territory; and then he proceeds to the i
other question, whether Congress had the right j
to conferadmiraltyandmaritiraejurisdictionupon '
the local courts instituted in the Territory of
Florida. That point was thus met by the court:
" We have only to pursue this subject one step further
to perceive that this piovisioit of the Constitution does not
apply to it. The next sentence declares, that 1 the judges,
both of the supreme and inferior courts, shall hold their
offices during good behavior.' The judges of the superior
courts of Florida hold their offices for four years. These
courts, then, are not constitutional courts, In which the
judicial power conferred by the Constitution on the Gen-
eral Government can be deposited. They are incapableof
receiving it. They are legislative courts, created in virtue
of the general right of sovereignty which exists in the Gov-
ernment, or in virtue of that clause which enables Congress
to make all needful rules and regulations respecting tlie
territory belonging to the United States. The jurisdiction
with which they are invested is not a part of that judicial
power which is defined in the third article of the Constitu-
tion, but is conferred by Congress, in the execution of those
general powers which that body possesses over the Terri-
tories of the United States. Although admiralty jurisdic-
tion can be exercised in the States in those courts only
which are established in pursuance of tlie third article of
the Constitution, the same limitation does not extend to the
Territories."
Here, then, follows the dictum which has been
misunderstood and mistaken for the decision of
the court:
" In legislating for them [the Territories] Congress exer-
cises the combined power of the General and of a State
government."
The Senator from Illinois supposes that the
Supreme Court decided that Congress possessed
all the powers exercised by the respective States;
that they had only to turn, in the execution of
their authority over the Temtories, to the con-
stitutions of the States, and ascertain what powers
the people had given to their Legislatures, and
then assume the same, as though the powers of
Congress, on this or any other subject, were de-
rived from the constitution or legislative organi-
zation of any State. The Senator illustrated his
proposition by a reference to Michigan. He said:
ft Let us? follow That up. There is no such escape for the
distinguished Senator. There is no quibbling in this opin-
ion about k under the Constitution.' The declaration is
broad and unqualified, that in regard to a Territory, Con-
gress exercises all the powers both of the General and of a
State government."
The word "all" was repeated after the sen-
tence had been read from the dictum of the court.
It seems actually to form a part of the phrase in
the mind of the Senator of which he cannot
divest himself. He continues:
tc Now, the Senator tells me, that even that being so, you
cannot under the Con«titntion prevent slavery. Will he
deny the right of the State of Michigan to keep slavery out
of her limits ? According to the decision of Chief Justice
Marshall, all the power which the State of Michigan has in
regard to its own citizens is possessed by Congress in regard
to the Territories of the United States."
This is a strange construction for a gentleman
of high legal character to put on the opinion of
the Supreme Court. Do Congress exercise the
power to abolish slavery, supposing them to
possess it, because a State has exercised it?
They derive it, if they have it, from the Consti-
tution, not from the powers of the States or of
the State Legislatures; and the Supreme Court
would have been badly set to work to establish
the general principle that, instead of resorting to
the Constitution to find the powers of Congress,
we should resort to the laws and constitutions of
the several States. Where is the provision of
the general Constitution which looks to the laws
of the States for jurisdiction ? If Congress have
general authority over the Territories, they do
not possess it because any analogous authority
is possessed by the States, but because it is con-
ferred upon them by the Constitution of the
United States. Whether you derive it from one
clause, or from another, you must derive it from
the Constitution. The Supreme Court, by this
remark meant, as I said, to allude to the peculiar
form of our government in order to illustrate
the nature of the congressional jurisdiction; that
the General Government possessed certain local
powers, thus acting like tlie State governments,
independent of the general power, applicable in
the States which they held under the Constitution.
That was the purport of the remark.
But after all, Mr. President, these analogical
remarks are dangerous tools to meddle with, and
I think, in a stern, severe investigation, judicial
tribunals should avoid them, lest the reader be
misled, and the mere remark of the court be
construed into its decision and the reasons tor it.
Passing by that point, let me turn back to the
decision of the court on the main subject—the
right of Congress to govern the Temtories.
Judge Marshall's name is connected imperish-
stitutional law, which will long as the
Government shall endure. He had great saga-
city, great intellect, great powers of analysis,
