1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
honor to listen to what I have heretofore said on
this subject. I have stated my views time and
again, but 1 will very briefly renew them, as he
appears not to have heard them. I have voted
for the establishment of territorial governments;
but whether I have or not does not touch the
argument. You do not reach the true point. I
was testing the constitutional power, not my own
consistency.
Mr. WADE. If you were going to vindicate
your own consistency, I was about to say 
Mr. CASS. I preceded the honorable Senator
in the remark; but my consistency is not affected,
as I will show.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman assumes
that the word "territory," standing in connection
wjth the words " or other property," limits the
regulation to property. Now, we mean to insist
upon it that the word " territory" is not limited
to property. It includes the land, but it includes
more. We say that the power of making rules
and regulations " in respect to territory, or other
property," is a power to make rules and regula-
tions such as the condition and state of these two
subjects-matter, the territories and the property,
require. The word "territory," to be sure,
includes the title to land, without reference to the
particular territorial organizations which were
afterwards formed; but the word " territory," as
we understand, includes both the jurisdiction and
land, so far as the Territory is concerned; and
the words " or other property of the United
States"mean property without jurisdiction. The
Constitution does not say that Congress shall
have power to " make all needful rules and reg-
ulations for the disposition of all property of the
United States;" but a distinction was made be-
tween " territories" and "other property," be-
cause the word " territories" included jurisdiction
and property, and the other phrase included
property without jurisdiction.
Mr. CASS. Then why did they not say
" territory and property," instead of using a
term which necessarily implies that the last
includes the first?
Mr. COLLAMER. We say that the word
"territory" includes territory and jurisdiction,
and the words " or other property" are distin-
guished from it, they not giving jurisdiction.
Mr. CASS. It is impossible for me even to
undertake to refute the ground that the honorable
Senator has assumed. The phrase is so clear
that he who runs ought to be able to read. The
expression " territory or other property" makes
property of territory. If it had been intended to
give a double aspect to the word, to include land
and political jurisdiction, why not say territory
and property, and make the distinction for which
the honorable Senator contends? Why did it
not say " shall have power to govern the Terri-
tories," as well as " shall have power to regulate
land?"
But, to return to the question asked me by the
honorable Senator from Ohio. I have voted for
establishing territorial governments, and the rea-
sons for my course I explained at the time. I
voted for them upon the ground of necessity, the
very ground assumed by Mr. Madison in defense
of the Congress of the Confederation for the
exercise of the same power, " All this has been
done," he says in the Federalist—that is, gov-
ernments have been organized, &c.—" without
the least color of constitutional authority." He
adds that he imputes no blame to Congress,
because they could not have done otherwise.
J' The public interest, the necessity of the case,
imposed on them the task of overleaping then-
constitutional authority."
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. CASS. I cannot be interrupted too often.
I will hear the Senator this time, but not again,
as I am anxious to conclude.
Mr. WADE. I want to know whether the
Senator considers this an entire usurpation, be-
cause we have no right, under the Constitution,
to create territorial governments ? If so, how can
he be driven to violate the Constitution by any
supposed necessity?
Mr. CASS. All that, I repeat, I have again and
again discussed. This is one of those cases of
necessity in which the representative is thrown
upon his constituents for his justification, pre-
cisely as the members of the old Congress were
justified by a similar state of things.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. CASS. The Senator may proceed; but I
desire to finish my remarks. I would rather, if
the Senator pleases, that he should make his
speech at me afterwards.
Mr. WADE. I wish barely to say this: that
if we all vote, and the Senator votes for the exer-
cise of this power as though we had it—from
necessity—how is it material to criticise the power
so often, and so vehemently? We all act as
though we had the power, and yet we take a
good deal of time here in proving that we have
it not.
Mr. CASS. You endeavor to prove you have
it, and I say you failed. My justification I place
upon the ground of necessity, and the power
should be extended no further than necessity re-
quires. And as it does not require you to inter-
fere in the domestic concerns of the Territory,
you ought not to assume the authority. The
necessity requires us to establish governments,
as they could not be established without our inter-
ference; but there is no necessity which requires
us to exercise the power of internal regulation
over those Governments. There is no need of
our interference with the domestic concerns of the
people in the Territories, and therefore we have
no right to do so. And in addition to our own
act, our exercise of jurisdiction is fortified by
the acquiescence and concurrence of the people
affected by it. And upon both of these consider-
ations rests the validity of these political arrange-
ments.
Mr. President, the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] in the considerations he sub-
mitted to the Senate the other day, and very ably
as I think—I listened to him with a great deal of
pleasure—gave us the history of the congres-
sional governments of the Territories,beginning
with the administration of Washington. We
all are familiar with it. His historical review
was correct. There is no doubt that for thirty
years — from 1789 up to 1820 — this power was
not brought into question. The ground upon
which the early legislation of-Congress in the
establishment of territorial governments pro-
ceeded, does not appear. No man knows what
were the views then taken. We have no record of
the debates of them. The question seems to have
passed sub silentio. The honorable Senator says
the ordinance of 1787 was approved by General
Washington. We can hardly call the sanction
of General Washington to the law transferring
certain powers of the old Congress to the Exec-
utive, under the Constitution, an approval of the
provisions of the ordinance. Something of the
kind was essentially necessary to carry on the
operations. Legislative precedents are important
when they are founded upon examination and
debate and discussion; but when they are
founded upon proceedings which pass without
objection, they are entitled to little weight. And
till 1820 this general subject provoked no inquiry.
From that period dates the investigation into the
authority.
The Senator is correct in saying that the gov-
ernments originally instituted were very arbi-
trary. They were so, being, as Mr. Madison
says, in suspension of the great principle of self-
government. But they have improved At first,
indeed, Congress began well. The ordinance of
April 23, 1784, provided that settlers on any ter-
ritory might, on application, receive authority
from Congress to meet together, and establish
temporary governments. This was a good be-
ginning; but Congress soon departed from this
plan, and undertook to establish the governments
themselves, and, as the honorable Senator from
Vermont correctly says, did it with a great sur-
plusage of authority. We approach the true
point in the Nebraska bill by exercising only
general powers, and leaving the people of the
several Territories to manage their own internal
domestic affairs.
The practical difficulty as to the extent of in-
terference is obvious to every Senator; but the
objection has been urged here, and I believe was
first urged by the Senator from New York, who
I think contended that, if every privilege is not
granted to the people of the Territories, we con-
tradict our own principle of permitting them to
administer their own governments. The distinc-
tion between the power to establish local govern-
ments and the administration of such govern-
ments by the people, was well known to our
revolutionary fathers, and assented to by them.
What they demanded was not exemption from
British jurisdiction, but .the right of managing
their own internal concerns in their own way.
Here is the first resolution upon the subject ever
passed in this country. I will read it to the
Senate:
The Continental Congress of 1784 declared that
"The English colonists are entitled to a free and exclu-
sive power of legislation m their several provincial Legisla-
tures, where their right of representation alone can be
preserved in all cases of legislation and internal polity."
We are now asked to believe that Congress
has full sovereign power as it is called to govern
the Territories in all cases whatsover. Mr.
Madison very correctly observed, and the prin-
ciple must strike the heart of every man, that
"The power of legislation where there is no representa-
tion is m suspension of the great principle of self-govern-
ment, and it ought not to be extended further nor continued
longer than the occasion might fairly require."
The principle is not to be denied in this coun-
try. There is no need of our interference with
the domestic concerns of a Territory, and there-
fore we have no right to do so.
The Senator from Vermont likewise made some
remarks on popular sovereignty. I shall not
here discuss that prolific topic. I have done so
heretofore. But it furnishes another proof that
men are misled by a name. There is no such
thing as sovereignty in the people of a Territory.
The term is inapplicable, unfit. The Territories
of the United States do not possess sovereignty.
They arc not independent communities; but it
does not follow that they have no rights; it does
not follow that they have not certain inalienable
rights belonging to all men, of which no Govern-
ment should deprive them; nor that they have not
rights as American citizens. Even if they were
thrown as waifs on a political strand, you could
not rule them despotically. That is all I'have ever
maintained in respect to what is called popular
sovereignty—more truly the right of men to
govern themselves. To establish governments
for them is your duty. We may reasonably
differ as to how far we may rightfully go in the
details of the government. Something we must
do. We must lay out the country, and prescribe
the qualifications of electors, and perhaps make
other provisions essential to the organization of
a government. But my opinion is, that the less
you interfere with them the better.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask_ the
Senator from Michigan a question. It is this:
he says the Territories have no sovereignty.
Mr. CASS. Of course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I ask him how
Territories can be included within the possession
of the nation, and owned by the nation, without
having any sovereignty over them anywhere ?
Mr. CASS. I was coming to that point and
to the consideration of this vexed question of
sovereignty. I consider the doctrine involved in
it one of the great political heresies of the present
day. "The powers," says the Constitution.
" not delegated to the United States by the Con-
titution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people"—not to Congress. Our country is inde-
pendent; sovereign as it is called. It has attained
a position in the family of nations, and by virtue
of that position it has a right to declare war, to
navigate the ocean, to make treaties, and to do
every other act that sovereign nations may law-
fully do; and all this is to be ascertained bycon
suiting the proper authorities by adverting to the
received commentaries on the laws of nations.
You may go there to ascertain what you may
rightfully do; but who is to do it, or in other
words, what department of the Government is to
exercise those powers must be determined by
your own Constitution. That gives you power
to declare war, and gives the President a right to
receive embassadors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it give a right to
acquire territory?
Mr. CASS. 1 believe it does under the treaty-
making power. I have already expressed that
opinion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. If it gives
power to acquire territory, where is the sover-
eignty of that territory after it is acquired r
