1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80
President and his associates which their cotem-
poraneous opponents withhold from them.
Mr. President, I have already said that I saw
danger in the existing state of things. I have
heard with pleasure the disavowals made by
members of the Senate, of all intention to attack
the institution of slavery within the States. I
credit the declaration. I do not believe therS is
a member of the Senate who would this day sup-
port any measure designed to attack slavery in one
of the States. That is my belief. But what may
happen to-morrow, or the next day, and as events
pass on, is a different question. I fear, and what
the country may well fear is, that the questions
in regard to slavery which are perpetually pressed
upon Congress and upon the public through the
free States, will lead to a condition of things that
will be inevitably followed by the dissolution of
this Confederacy. For this reason I watched
the progress of the presidential contest with great
anxiety. I believed, if Colonel Fremont and
the party that sustained him should get into
power, this Union would be in danger. I be-
lieved it as firmly as my own existence; and so
believing, and with my ardent attachment to the
Union from my earliest life, the progress of the
election was scarcely absent from my mind. I
felt relieved when I found that Colonel Fremont
was not elected. I have nothing to say of that
gentleman personally. I am speaking of the
effect of great public measures; and, for one, I
thank God that no such visitation as the success
of our political opponents was inflicted upon the
country.
There are certain measures which I have a right
to suppose that Colonel Fremont, and the party
supporting him, would have adopted if they had
come into power, and those measures, I doubt
not, would have been followed by the secession
of the southern States. I suppose no Senator
here will deny that it is the object of a large por-
tion of their party—I do not know but it is the
desire of every Senator here—to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia. I suppose no one
will deny that a large portion of that party, and
perhaps every Senator belonging to it here, is
ready to repeal the fugitive slave law. I know
some of them are. I suppose there is no doubt
the party is prepared to prevent the selling of
slaves from one State to another. I am sure that
every man of the'm is ready to establish the Wil-
mot proviso, or, in other words, to interdict the
existence of slavery in the Territories. I sup-
pose there is almost an equal determination to
prevent the entrance into the Confederacy of any
more slave States. I presume the same ground j
will be taken in relation to the additional States 1
which may, by the contract with Texas, be form ed
out of her Territory. I think I have heard Sen-
ators on this floor say they were opposed to the
contract, and did not believe it constitutional. I
think I may appeal to my honorable friend from
Texas, [Mr. Rcsk,] if he has not heard such a
declaration made here?
Mr. RUSK. I think I heard that asserted on
the ground that it was an unconstitutional act.
Mr. CASS. Now, to use the expression of the
gentleman from Maine, these measures are to be
prosecuted to the " bitter end." He applies that
expression to one of them. I suppose all of them
are to be prosecuted to the same consummation.
The expression contains more determination of
will than it does of precision. What is the bitter
end ? 1 presume it is the accomplishment of the
measures regardless of the consequences.
With respect to the application for the admis-
sion of slave States, I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] said he
would vote against any such proposition. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] did not
say he would not. He said, however, upon an
inquiry made by the Senator from Texas, that
he would not give an answer. The refusal was
tom« a significant answer. But the Senator put
his denial on strange ground. Being asked
whether he meant to carry the principle of the
non-extension of slavery to the refusal to admit
any new slave States, he seemed to consider the
inquiry a matter almost of personal offense. He
said I mean to follow that principle of exclusion
to the bittev end. Well, ho was asked, do you
carry it to the exclusion of States ? He said I will
not tell you; you have no right to ask me. For
myself, I consider the question a very pertinent
one. His principle he lays down, and he states
its application to a particular case. 1 think he
should have been ready to affirm or deny it in an
analogous one. I confess that the circumstance
left upon my mind the impression that the Sen-
ator was prepared to refuse the admission of new
slave States into the Union.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Michigan take pains to ascertain what I did say ?
Mr. CASS. I recollect the question and an-
swer, or rather I recollect it was not answered.
Will the gentleman find it for me ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Here it is:
" Mr. Rusk. The Senator from Maine will find that I
have not contended for any such tiling in regard to my own
State. She is entitled to have three additional States
formed within her limits, but we have not asked to bring
them in.
"Mr, Fessenden. In due course of time I expect to
see them apply for admission.
" Mr. Rosk. Will you vote for their admission ?
" Mr. Fessenden. That depends on circumstances.
" Mr. Rosk. I supposed so.
"Mr. Fessenden. If I be here when the time comes,I
shall probably vote one way or the other on that subject.
" Mr. Rusk. No doubt of it."
Mr. CASS. And there was a reproof for ask-
ing the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Here is what occurred:
" Mr. Brown. If the Senator from Maine will allow me
I will ask him a question.
" Mr. Fessenden. I think I am exceedingly libera! t£-
day.
" Mr. Brown. I understand the Senator to take the
ground, that the Republican party of the North mean to
oppose, and to oppose to the bitter end, the extension of
slavery to any of the Territories of the United States.
" Mr. Fessenden. Any free terntory, I said.
'•* Mr. Brown. I ask the Senator this: suppose the people
of Kansas, uninfluenced by the action of the Government—
by any interference on the part of tne southern people, left
perfectly free to act and elect for themselves, shall choose
to introduce slavery, and ask for admission into the Union
as a slave State, will he oppose their admission ?
" Mr. Fessenden. I will meet that question when it
comes. I have noticed tlie particular mode which Senators
have here (and it is very acute) when gentlemen are fol-
lowing a particular line of argument, to interrupt them by
asking what they would do m a supposable case—I presume
with the object of producing embarrassment.
"Mr. Brown. Not at all.
" Mr. Fessenden. Now, whatever the object may be, I
beg leave to sav to the Senator from Mississippi, and all
others, that I am not to be caught in any such way. I will
answer any question in reference to my line of argument;
but whenever they attempt to get me out of that line by
asking what I wilt do in any supposed contingency, my
only answer is, that I will let you know how I vote when
the contingency arises."
Mr. CASS. That is precisely what I referred
to. The honorable Senator administered a rebuke
to the two members who asked him the question.
Pie laid down a principle, and applied it to one
particular case. He was asked whether it applied
to any other. They sought to ascertain the extent
of his own principle, and asked a very natural
question, and one which it seems to me might
have been anticipated, and should have been
answered.
Allow me to add to what I have already said in
regard to the prevalent agitation, that the violent
discussions here are increasing the public excite-
ment. No man who hears me—no intelligent
man in the country—can doubt, that if the meas-
ures contemplated are carried out, they will be
followed by a dissolution of the Union. The tend-
ency, the feeling, of the public mind is leading to
such a result. The question of slavery is pre-
sented in every form that the human imagination
can devise. The men who own slaves are attacked
as though they were among the greatest repro-
bates in the world. These charges have produced
their natural effect in almost all the free States.
Slavery is everywhere assailed. Embittered feel-
ings are engendered. You can hardly take up a
newspaper without seeing an attack on slavery and
slaveholders. The slanderous tales are repeated
in such works as Unele Tom's Cabin, a book
given to the world by a prolific press, and owing
its origin to a morbid imagination which supplied
the facts. The commentaries and conclusions
were due, I am afraid, to a still less justifiable
motive. I never, however, read a page of the
book. I judge it from the extracts I have seen
in the newspapers of the day. Then there is the
article in the Edinburgh Review, which was re-
ferred to a few days since, written, it is said, and
j have no doubt, by an American; for a foreigner
could hardly have entered into the details which
are found in the production.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A native of South Car-
olina.
Mr. CASS. I suppose there are bad men in
South Carolina as well as elsewhere.
Mr. HALE. Very few.
Mr. CASS. Once in a while, you will find one
in Maine, and perhaps, though I do not like to
say so, in the native State of myself and the Sen-
ator. I do not carewhere thewritercomesfrom,
or what State he has dishonored by his birth;
he is a false-hearted American. With the feel-
ings of a parricide, he holds up his country to
the detestation of the world, describing a condi-
tion of slavery which does not exist, and never
has existed here.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend allow me to
interpose at this point ?
Mr. CASS. I will.
Mr. BUTLER. I have forborne to say any-
thing about that young man. I knew him when
he was at the bar. My friend and colleague [Mr.
Evans] knows him better than I do. He is the
son <5f a northern teacher, to whom we of South
Carolina are -very much indebted. Mr. Hurlburt
was born in South Carolina, but he was educated
at the North. He was cherished m the bosom
of our community, and facts will be disclosed as
to the manner in which but, sir, I forbear. 1
will not say anything in my place to hurt him,
for he has brothers and sisters; and, after all, it
may turn out that he is not the author. He went
from South Carolina, after having been cherished
there. I leave it to gentlemen to say how far it
is reconcilable with notions of honor for those
who derive their existence from one place, like a
cockatrice, to sting the bosom that bore them.
Mr. CASS. I do not know the writer; I do
not want to know him. I tried to read the article,
but could not succeed. I looked into it enough,
however, to see the vile spirit with which it was
written, and which ought to be denounced by
every American. It is not long since an article
was published in Blackwood, the title of which
was—"War with the United States a blessing
to mankind"—commenting, in the style of that
ultra-American journal, on the institution of sla-
very, and compiled from the representations
made in our own country, and sent abroad from
the worst of motives.
You cannot mistake the tendency of the war-
fare goin^ on. The exaggerated statements enter
into the hearts and minds of the people of the
northern and northwestern States. The con-
viction has spread so widely, and taken root so
deeply, that in my opinion the question in a
large portion of the country is not now about
the extension of slavery so much as about its
existence. I believe the attack is aimed at the
institution itself, be it where it will. I do not
say that the time has come when extreme meas-
ures are to be immediately taken to put an end to
it; but I believe it has impressed itself more and
more upon the public mind, that slavery is one
of those terrible evils with which there should
be no truce nor peace through the world. I be-
lieve, if the Kansas question were settled to-mor-
row, that this feeling would go on. You may
terminate a bank question, and a tariff question,
and an internal improvement question, and every
other political question; but the progress of a
question like this, which depends so much upon
fanaticism, human power cannot stop. I hope
God, in his mercy, will interpose before it is too
late, for I fear the interposition of man is use-
less.
Mr. HALE. He came, pretty near it in the
last election.
Mr. CASS. I will not use the name of the
Supreme Being in connection with our elections.
This state of excitement, if it goes on, will be-
come a crusade, and leaders enough, like Peter
the Hermit, will be found to urge it onward.
That it is which gives me anxiety—which dimin-
ishes, destroys almost, the consolatory effects of
the disavowal, and I believe the honest disavowal,
of gentlemen upon this floor, that they do not
mean to attack slavery in the States. I think
the measures I have enumerated will lead to a
fearful result.
But when it is recollected that this was a small
speck upon the edge of the horizon a few ypars
ago, and has now risen to the zenith, and covers
the whole hemisphere, every reasonable man
attached to his country, will say there is just
cause for apprehension. There are also doctrines
advanced,-here and elsewhere, which augment
