90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
the evil. While the power to attack the States is
disavowed, principles are inculcated which de-
stroy the effect of such disavowal.
I must say the honorable Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] has inculcated a doctrine
here which may lead to the exercise of any power
by Congress. It is known as the higher law.
When you advance the principle, that every man
in the community has the right to measure the
obligation of a municipal law of the country by
theJDivine law, and to reject the former on account
of its incompatibility with the latter, you make
way for a state of things destructive of social
order. It becomes a question, not merely of the
right of private judgment, but of the right to re-
fuse obedience to any and all laws. In this coun-
try, if such a doctrine is assumed as a practical
one, who can doubt the increased excitemen t which
would be given to all the opponents of slavery?
The human mind readily receives impressions
wluch fall in with the prevalent subjects #f agi-
tation. If the law of God becomes to every man
the rule of judgment, the transition to the right to
interfere with slavery everywhere is a very easy
one. It bccomes not merely a right but a duty.
I am referring to the political, not to the ethical
question. I acknowledge the superior obligation
of God's law, but I deny that that proposition
gives to any man the right to act contrary to the
law of his country. Such a doctrine would
sweep off your statute-books, for no one can tell
what fanaticism may lead men to do. If a man
is required by the human law to do an act
which his conscience tells him is inconsistent
with the law of God, he has a right to sit still and
become a martyr, but no right to become a rebel
or an insurgent. Society could not exist a day
were this strange pretension the acknowledged
rule of action.
Such is the proposition advanced upon a mem-
orable occasion by a gentleman of high position,
and for whom I have great personal regard, [Mr.
Si:ward.J It is one of the most pregnant signs
of the times. But we have another not less
dangerous, and it is found in the views presented
by a statesman who had filled the chair of the
chief magistracy of his country, Mr. Adams.
A member of his family published a diary wluch
he was in the habit of keeping, and in which he
recorded the passing occurrences of the day,
freely expressing his views concerning them. In
this diary is found the following passage:
" As to the force of the term 'needful,' " he
says, " 1 observed it was relative, and must al-
ways be supposed to have reference to some end."
Needful to what end ? Needful to the Constitu-
tion at the United States—to any of the ends for
winch that contract was formed ? Those ends
arededared in its preamble " to establish justice;"
for example, what can be more needful to the
establishment of justice than the interdiction of
slavery?
Your Constitution is not worth the paper on
which it is written, if it can be turned from its
true purposes by such an unjustifiable power of
construction; and yet this is the rule of interpret-
ation laid down by a man who had filled the
first station in his country: that Congress, by
means of the word " needful" in one clause—and
the principle is just as applicable to the word
"necessary" found in another clause—can exer-
cise any power which in its opinion may promote
the ends of justice!!! Congress may believe in
the course of a few years—ay, in the course of a
lew months—that it would promote the ends of
justice to abolish slavery, and, if Mr. Adams be
correct, nothing stands in the way of such legis-
lation.
In a state of excitement like that now prevail-
ing in extensive portions of our country, men
are predisposed to fall in with a principle which
would lead to tlie accomplishment of the great
object they have in view. Its promulgation by
a distinguished man becomes the spark applied
to the magazine, and no human power can pre-
vent the explosion. Men who believe that sla-
very is the great crying evil of the world, who
/know nothing of the crimes and misery and
wretchedness in their own neighborhoods, but
who charitably look abroad to arraign the con-
duct of others; who cannot see the beam in their
own eyes, but plainly discover the mote in the
eyes of every one else; who believe that the
southern slaveholder is the great sinner in these
latter days of the world—such men need little
persuasion to follow a favorite doctrine to a
favorite consummation.
So much for the principles from which this
power may ultimately be deduced. But what
more? I heard on this floor a most inflammatory
appeal to the passions of many of our country-
men, from a Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner.] Among other reprehensible language
he used the following expression: "The rape
of a virgin Territory, compelling it to the hateful
embrace of slavery." Such an unpatriotic met-
aphor betokens a prurient imagination, and the
language and sentiments were unbecoming the
place and the circumstances. But it is just the
kind of language calculated to do its work of
mischief; and the speech was distributed with as
much industry as was used in its preparation. I
believe that hundreds of thousands of copies of
that production which contains this passage and
many others equally objectionable, were sent
through the country during the last presidential
contest. It has no claim to be a calm, patriotic,
constitutional view of the question, and of the
rights of the South under the Constitution; but
it panders to the passions of the day, and is one
of the most unjustifiable attacks upon the south-
ern members of our Confederacy that has ever
been sent through the country for the purpose of
tnischief.
I have before me a remarkable speech delivered
in the House of Representatives at the last session,
which carries into practical operation the higher
law. What says Mr. Granger, of New York,
on this subject ?
" And here, sir, I take occasion to say, that the Consti-
tution nowhere gives Congress power to legislate for the
leturn of fugitive slaved. Sir, I demand that the power be
pointed out 'with irresistible clearness,'or the claim to it
he abandoned forever. Sn, all attempts to sustain slavery
in the Constitution take for granted the legality of slavery
when the Constitution was foi med. Without this assump-
tion no such claim would ever have been set up. But as
tins assumption is untrue, the whole fabric of slavery in the
Constitution falls to the giound. Kir, if this glorious repub-
lican Constitution of this glorious land o' liberty, the asylum
of ilie oppressed, tins home of the brave, and this land of
the Iree, take sides with slavery, then I confess 1 do not
understand it. Sir, the Constitution, both m spirit and
express terms, repudiates slavery, and positively bars its
existence. Slaveryis war,open war,on the rights of man.
It is death to rights inalienable. Its very name was offens-
ive to the convention that foimed the Constitution, and
was denied a record. Slavery m the Constitution ! Sir, it
would he like ingrafting woimwood into the tree of lib-
erty !"
And yet, gentlemen tell us there is no design
to toueli the rights of the southern States under
the Constitution. A strange commentary is this
speech upon the disclaimer! When such senti-
ments are advanced by men in high places, men
of distinction, sent here by the confidence of their
fellow-citizens, who can doubt their effect in por-
tions of the country predisposed to receive them
fkvoitibly- ?
Wo have heard a great deal about a " league
with hell," and "110 union with slaveholders."
Scarcely a slave escapes from the southern States
when the occurrence is not a subject of public
congratulation in many parts of the country.
The rights of the owner are wholly disregarded,
and so is the constitutional obligation to surren-
der the fugitive. Religion, too, has been pressed
into the service of this attack upon the South.
1 he slaveholder is excluded from the communion
of some of the churches because he possesses and
holds property admitted to be such in the State
where he lives—not because he abuses it—not
because he is a hard master, but because, under
the laws ot his own State, he is a slaveholder.
This is worthy of Mohammedan bigotry; it is an
intolerance unbecoming the Christian religion,
and which derives 110 sanction from the Gospel
of Jesus Christ.
The honorable Senator from New York must
pardon me for introducing him again, because he
is a prominent man in the country, and some-
times makes prominent speeches, and always
able ones. I was reading m the New York Ex-
press the other day, some very judicious remarks
upon the declaration that the South, and not the
North, was raising a sectional question, as though
the attack came from the South, .and the .North
was the patient sufferer, when I met this extract
from a speech, said to have been delivered by
the Senator from New York. I had seen an
allusion to it before, but I had not seen this pas-
sage, and I must confess it astonished me, and I
think it will equally astonish the members of the
Senate. In Buffalo, Governor Seward said:
" The local southern law arid the national Constitution
make the slaveholders a privileged class. They are, there-
fore, an aristocracy to be abhorred andavoided. I might .-how
that the Constitution is wrong in thus conceding to a privi-
leged class. I might show, & priori, that such a class would
be dangerous. I choose rather to teach you so to read the
history of America that you shall find its one great lesson
will he hatred and dread of the aristocracy of the South, for
its conduct even more than for its privileges."
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Michigan allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. In the course of my life,
Mr. President, I have, like other public men,
written some letters, and I have found that the
letters which I did write on public affairs turned
out just as such letters did when written by other
public men—they gave a great deal of trouble.
Once in my life, I was charged with writing a
letter which I did not write; but, strange to say,
that letter which I did not write gave me more
trouble than all the letters I ever did write.
[Laughter.] So it has been with me in regard
to speeches. I have necessarily made many
speeches. I have never denied, qualified, ex-
plained, or defended any of them. They go their
way in the course of current debate. They are
answered if people think it worth while to answer
them. They produce their ends if I am success-
ful, and they fail if I am unsuccessful. I never
shall be provoked, here or elsewhere, to go back
beyond the present occasion of debate to explain,
defend, or qualify anything I ever did previously
say on occasions gone by; but I am perfectly
willing to go back, and explain, and defend
speeches which I did not make, if I am justly-
responsible for them, not otherwise. The speech
from which the honorable Senator from Michigan
has just now read is one that, if he had consulted
better authority than that which he has quoted—
and I am sure he would prefer to do so, because
I know his kindly feelings towards me—he would
have found it was one of the speeches which I
did not make. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. Certainly; the honorable Senator
knows I would not do him injustice.
Mr. SEWARD. Assuredly.
Mr. CASS. All I have to say is, that I acci-
dentally read this passage in the New York
Express on Monday last, accompanied by marks
of quotation as if they were actually the Senator's
words.
Mr. SEWARD. I know and appreciate the
kindness of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, and I shall never say so much again on
such a question. I found that same speech the
other day in a Democratic newspaper. I met the
editor of the newspaper afterwards, and called his
attention to it; and he, without any request or
any authority of mine, given or expressed in any
way, searched and found the truth. The paper
in which it waa published, the only time I ever
saw it, has already, before the honorable Sen-
ator's speech, recalled it. I will not say anything
more on the subject.
Mr. CASS. I know nothing more of the
speech than I have stated. The extract I have
read is from the New York Evening Express. I
am glad the honorable Senator has relieved him-
self from this odious charge; for he only states
what is true when he expresses his belief that I
have a strong personal regard for him, which I
take_ pleasure m thus publicly avowing. But
sentiments little less obnoxious were advanced
by Mr. Adams in the diary to which I have re-
ferred. Here they are:
" The impression produced on my mind by the progress
of this discussion 13, that the bargain between freedoirf arid
slavery, contained in the Constitution of the United States,
is jnoraliyand politically vicious, inconsistent with the prin-
ciples upon which aione our Revolution can be justified,
cruel and oppressive," &c.
I repeat, Mr. President, when declarations like
diese are made by men in the highest positions
in our country, they must necessarily exert great
influence upon the public mind, and this is seen
in the effect they have already had in bringing on
the state of things which now exists. It is said,
indeed, there is no interference existing or in-
tended with the rights of the southern States.
This disavowal is made not only here, but else-
where; but I say again, we are fast coming to
that interference. The doctrines promulgated
necessarily lead to such a result I firmly believe,
