92
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
am told would interfere with the printing. I know
that my committee wants some of these docu-
ments. I understood from the printer this morn-
ing that the delay is embarrassing the progress
of the work.
Mr. HUNTER. I -suggest that, by general
consent, we dispose of the question of printing,
and then allow the debate to proceed on a motion
to refer.
Mr. HALE. 1 have not the slightest objection
to anything that will expedite business; but I
must, notwithstanding, protest against the print-
ing.
Several Senators. Vote against it.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The question will be taken on the
resolution of the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Fitzpatrick,] to print the usual number of copies
of the message and accompanying documents;
and also fifteen thousand additional copies.
Mr. HALE. Suppose that motion should be
adopted, and then a reconsideration should be
moved, would not the proposition for reconsider-
ation keep the papers from the printer ?
Mr. HUNTER. It would, and therefore we
had better let the debate proceed upon a motion
to refer.
Mr. HALE. Very well; anything so that we
can get on.
Mr. ADAMS. The first cjuestion will be on
the first portion of the resolution for printing the
usual numbers, and then the question can be
taken separately on printing extra numbers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued if the Senator wishes it.
Mr. WILSON. If it is the general under-
standing of the Senate that the debate can go on
to-morrow or Monday, I have no objection to
allowing the pending question to be disposed of.
Mr. RUSK. I will submit a motion that will
make the debate just as much in order as it is
now. 1 do not wish to interfere witli the discus-
sion. 1 think that to check it now would be an
act of injustice to those who desire to speak.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw my request l'or a
separation of the question, and also my motion
to refer the proposition to print extra numbers to
the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thenthcques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution as ori-
ginally proposed by the Senator from Alabama.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move now to refer to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations so much of the Pres-
ident's message as relates to our foreign affairs;
and having made that motion, I yield the floor to
the Senator from New Hampshire, who was kind
enongh to give way to me.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I should be very much indebted
to the courtesy of the Senator if he would allow
me two minutes.
Mr. HALE. Certainly; five minutes, if you
wish.
Mr. MASON. I wish to make an explanation
in which I have more interest than anybody else,
in reference to some remarks on this very topic
which were interpolated into the debate at the
time when the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
sknuen] occupied the floor, and which seem to
have been the subject of misinterpretation. Those
remarks were in reference to the much-disputed
question of squatter sovereignty. It has been
supposed, not only in the Senate but elsewhere,
that I meant to admit a power in territorial legis-
lation to prohibit slavery in a Territory. The
remarks which I made may have been, for all
that I know, correctly reported in the Globe. I
did not revise them. Here they are:
" The territorial government was so organized there as
to admit citizens of all the States, whether tree or slave,
to take their property into the Territories; and when they
organized themselves, or were organized under the law,
into a legislative body, then to determine lor themselves
whether this institution should exist amongst therti or not.
Tile specific difference is, that under the Kansas law citi-
. zens from the slave States might go into the Territory with
their property; citizens from tlie free States might go there
lioldingno such property, and, when they got there, and met
in common council as a legislative body, they should de-
termine whether the institution should prevail; whereas
lb'* party which the honorable Senatoris now representing
here declares that, in the organic law creating the govern-
ment in the Territory, there shall be a prohibition in limine
that no slaves shall go there."
These remarks had reference to the subject-
matter of a previous debate, and to positions I then
maintained; but occupying the floor by the cour-
tesy of the Senator entitled to it, I was necessa-
rily brief, and may have left my meaning some-
what obscure.
The previous debate had reference to the issues
raised by the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and .what I
intended- to say, and in a more elaborate form
would have said, was this: that those with whom
I act have uniformly denied any power whatso-
ever in Congress to legislate on the subject of
slavery in the Territories. The Kansas bill was
intended to delegate to the occfcpants of the Ter-
ritories whatever power Congress possessed over
all subjects of rightful legislation; but of course
it could delegate no more; and when we denied
that Congress possessed any power to legislate
on the subject of slavery, we of course denied
that the Territorial Legislature could have it, be-
cause Congress could not delegate what it did
not possess. I did not amplify to show what
the Kansas bill shows on its face, that, in order
to make the meaning more specific, the power to
legislate on any subject was, by the terms of the
bill, referred to the Constitution; and express
power was given, by an appeal to the Supreme
Court, to determine whether the Legislature
could or could not rightfully legislate on the sub-
ject of slavery. I could not occupy the time
which belonged to the Senator from Maine, to
elaborate the idea; but I referred to the Kansas
bill to determine what power was conceded; and
of course, when we determined as our judgment
that the Constitution gave to Congress no power
to legislate on the subject of slavery, it followed
that the bill could not delegate such power to a
Territorial Legislature; but as, on the other side,
it was claimed that Congress did possess the
power, the bill immediately referred the question
to the Constitution and the judiciary, where we
had been always willing to send it. I desired to
say this only, that 1 might not be, as I have been,
misinterpreted. I am indebted to the courtesy of
the Senator from Now Hampshire in yielding
mo the floor for this purpose.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, nothing was fur-
ther from my intention, when I came into the Sen-
ate to-day, than to occupy its time for a moment;
but the honorable Senator from Michigan ap-
pealed to everybody upon this side of the Cham-
ber to answer a question, and then appealed to me
personally, as 1 happened to come into the Senate
upon that occasion. As it is now upon the heel
off hursday afternoon, and probably there will be
no more useful business done, I will take the occa-
sion to answer somewhat the view which the Sena-
tor presented. I do it for this reason: I gave up,
along time ago, the idea of making a speech upon
any question of this sort, for the purpose of in-
fluencing the action or the judgment of this body;
and I supposed, from the tenor of a great many
speeches made here, that a number of other gen-
tlemen have the same view; they do not speak to
convince gentlemen here. But as this question
which the honorable Senator from Michigan pre-
sents has been presented, as he has well said,
before repeatedly, and in my intercourse with
my constituents and fellow-citizens out of the
Senate I have endeavored to answer it, I will
now, as the appeal has been made to me, en-
deavor to present what I believe to be the consti-
tutional view of this question. To my mind there
is nothing plainer. If there is anything in the
Constitution, there is that doctrine which I shall
deduce. If that doctrine is not there, nothing is
there. At least, that is the conclusion of my
mind.
Sir, if I read history aright, after the war of
the Revolution was over, and our liberties were
established by the treaty of peace, there was one
very anxious feeling pervading the minds of the
patriots who had achieved it, and that was, a
desire for a consolidated Government, by which
the benefits of the Revolution might he secured,
and we be protected from domestic insurrection
and foreign aggression. The correspondence of
the men of that day shows that it was a subject
very near their hearts. But, sir, the history of
those same men shows that deep, anxious, and
all-pervading as was the anxiety which they had
for the establishment of a Federal Constitution,
which should consolidate this Government, and
put it in a way to protect itself from domestic
insurrection and foreign aggression, there was
another object dearer to their hearts than even
this, and that was, to vindicate before Heaven and
earth the sincerity of the purposes which they
had avowed in their Declaration of Independence.
Peace was established in 1783. As soon as
peace was established, Thomas Jefferson, the im-
mortal author of the Declaration, went to work
earnestly, perseveringly, and through consecu-
tive years unterrified and unawed by defeat, to
vindicate his- sincerity and the sincerity of his
compatriots in-the declaration they had made;
and they did it by striving to establish an anti-
slavery ordinance which should exclude slavery,
not only from every inch of territory they then
had, but from every foot of territory which they
should thereafter acquire.. That was the original
proposition; .and that was what Jefferson strove
for. That was what the men of that day thought
was necessary to vindicate their consistency before
Heaven and earth in the Declaration of Independ-
ence which they had made. Jefferson failed; but
his was courage that survived defeat. lie was
laboring for a purpose that was to give consist-
ency to his character, and make the American
Revolution—what its authors intended it should
be—a great victory for freedom. He went on,
and labored through 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787,
and in 1787 he acquired the partial success which
was inscribed in the immortal ordinance of that
year—not so broad, not so wide, not so search-
ing, not so wide-spreading as he intended it to
be—covering all the territory we then had, but
omitting to include that which we might after-
wards acquire.
- That was in 1787; and they were more anxious,
more earnest, more persevering for that provision
than they were for a Federal Constitution. They
obtained the ordinance first; and then, thanking
God for that, they went on as a secondary meas-
ure to get a Constitution. They got the ordinance
in 1787, and the Constitution in 1789. One of
the very first acts of the first Congress under the
Constitution was a reenactment of that old ordi-
nance, and it stands in full force now, unless the
President finds out that it is repealed by the
Kansas-Nebraska act! The beginning of that
act of August 7, 1789, is very peculiar. It is:
" Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United
States in Congress assembled, for the government of the
territory northwest of the river Ohio may continue to have
full effect"—
Yes, sir, whereas, in order that the ordinance
may continue to have full effect—
"it is requisite that certain provisions should be made so
as to adapt the same to the present Constitution."
These provisions were very slight. Congress
went on and did those things which they said it
was requisite to do in order to give that ordinance
full effect.
Thus, sir, this Government, under the Con-
federation and under the Fqrderal Constitution,
started as a Government claiming and exercising
the power of excluding slavery from the Terri-
tories. Thus starting, thus having the acknowl-
edged example of the founders of the Republic,
thus having this act in existence from the founda-
tion of the Constitution, and prior to it, down to
the present day, we are now told, that if we con-
tinue thus to legislate, if we continue to exercise
this very power, older than the Constitution itself,
and sanctioned by the men who made the Con-
stitution, it will be the cause of a dissolution of
the Union!
Again, sir, not only is it found there, but it is
found in other acts of the Government. Why
have not those gentlemen who tell us this is to
be the criterion, and this to be the measure which
is to determine the question of their allegiance to
the Constitution—why, m Heaven's name, have
they not gone off longago? Have they not been
excluded by an act of the Federal Congress from
the Territory of Oregon ? Has not this great con-
stitutional test, by which the question of your
fidelity to the Constitution is to be determined,
been given to you long ago ? If I recollect any-
thing about that bill, it was a law signed by a
southern President, Mr. Polk, in 1848. If you
mean to dissolve the Union for that cause, then
was the time. That prohibition has been there
ever since. If that was the test, you ought never
to have come into the Union, for it was the law
before the Constitution was made, and it was the
law the moment the Constitution was made, and
has been the law ever since.
