1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
But the honorable Senator from Michigan wants
to argue the question of power. Now, sir, sup-
pose that, instead of being a Senate, we were a
constitutional convention, and we wanted, in as
plain words as language could frame, to give to
Congress power to exclude, by positive legisla-
tion, slavery from the Territories. How would
you put it in? Would you say, " Congress shall
have power to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories r" We might be met by some sophistical
definition of slavery, and there might be an at-
tempt by some species of servitude which it was
said did not come up to slavery, to creep in. A
provision of that sort would not answer the pur-
pose. The wise men who framed this Constitu-
tion foresaw that, and they said in express terms:
" Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory."
I will come to the other part of the clause pres-
ently. Congress has power to make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the Territories.
Thei*e are two answers to this: one is, that it
does not say they may make laws, and the other
is that it considers the territory as property.
For the sake of the argument, I will concede to-
day that it does mean property and nothing else.
Congress, then, considering it as property, may
make all needful rules and regulations concerning
it. I suppose it will not be denied that, when
there is a grantof power to a body like Congress
to make all needful rules, the discretion which is
to determine what is needful rests m the body
which is to exercise that power. There cannot
be any other construction that will make it sen-
sible. Then Congress have a right to make all 1
needful rules, with this exception and qualifica- !
tion, I admit: if they undertake to make rales :
and regulations which infringe some other ex- |
press provision of the Constitution, they are j
debarred. But we think the word '4 needful" in
the Constitution covers it all. It is to be con- ;
sidered as property. Very well: Congress have
power to dispose of it. They have power to
give it away. They have power to sell it, with
condition or withoutcondition. They have given
it away. They have given it away to erect pub- i
lie buildings. They have given it away for edu- ;
cational purposes. They have given it away to j
make railroads. They have given it away for '
various purposes. They can sell it. Under this ,
grant they have a power to sell, a power to con- ,
vey, and a power to make all needful rules and
regulations concerning it. If they ha\e a right '
to give it away absolutely, without condition,
unquestionably they have a right to annex con-
ditions; and if they have a right to give it away
for one purpose, they have a right to give it away 1
for another, not prohibited by the Constitution.
They have given it away for the purpose of
founding asylums for the deaf and dumb. That '
was constitutional, though the present President
has decided it to be unconstitutional to give it ,
away to found an institution for the relief of the 1
insane.
But treating it as property — what are the I
rights of a proprietor of property ? Suppose, for
instance, that ono of us owned a piece of land.
We propose not to give it away absolutely, but
to give it away on conditions, f give to an indi-
vidual a tract of land, but I make it a condition
that on that land he shall never erect a building
which shall be used for the sale of ardent spirits.
That is a power very frequently exercised, and
very frequently recognized, in some cities they
make conveyances of real estate on condition that
the man to whom it goes never shall erect a
wooden building upon it more than ten or twelve
feet high, or any wooden building at all, because
the interest of the proprietor requires, in his
judgment, that the contiguity of his property ,
shall not be subjected to such risk as having a
wooden building erected there. These conditions
are common.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. Does he maintain the proposition that
on a grant in fee-simple any such condition as i
that is valid ? If he does, I will ask him to rec- :
ollect as a lawyer, whether all such conditions
are not absolutely void, as in defeasance of the
grant.
Mr. HALE. I do not so uryierstand it. I
understand that conveyances may be made with
these conditions, and tliey are xespected by the j
courts. !
Mr. PUGH. They are good in cases of lease-
hold, but not in the case of grants in fee-simple.
Mr. HALE. I know that where an absolute
estate is granted, and a condition is annexed to it
inconsistent with the absolute estate, the condi-
tion is void. I admit that general proposition.
I am not going off into a disquisition on legal
tenures. I admit, and I give the Senator the full
advantage of it, the principle which I have just
stated. He could have got that from Blackstone
without coming to me. I know it is as old as
time. Where there is an absolute conveyance,
and a condition is annexed to it which defeats
the absolute estate, the condition is void; but
that principle does not apply to this case at all,
because when you make "the erant you make
that a part of the grant. The Constitution says
you may make " all needful rules and regula-
tions." You may make this one of the regula-
tions. Such conditions are respected by the
courts. The United States having a power to
give, to dispose of, to sell, it is competent for
them to make it one of the conditions on which
they grant the territory, that it shall not be occu-
pied by slave labor. The power may be found
there, giving to the Senator from Michigan the
whole benefit of the argument which he raised
upon the assumption that the word " territory,"
as used in this clause of the Constitution, means
property. If it does mean property, I say the
United States, in disposing of it, as they have
the power to do, have an unquestioned right, as
every proprietor has, to annex to the grant one
of the conditions I have named; and Congress
may impose upon a Territory, m its grant of it,
the condition that it shall not be cultivated by
slaves.
But, sir, there is no necessity for affixing such
a limited meaning to the word "territory;" nor
does it follow, as matter of legitimate argument,
that because "territory" in one sense of the
word may mean piopeity, and the conjunction
" or" is annexed toit,by which " otherproperty"
is put in the same category, that is the sole view
in which you are to look at the meaning of the
word. "Territory" has other and broader
meanings,and "property" has other and broader
meanings than that which considers an article
simply as a chattel that may be bought and sold.
Any one who will trouble himself to look at the
lexicographers will see that it has other and
broader meanings.
I put this ease, however, on another and a
different ground altogether. Gentlemen say there'
is no grant in the Constitution of this power. I
concede it, and for this reason: the Constitution
being formed for the territory then embraced in
the country, could not extend or be applied to
territory which was outside of it. And if terri-
tory that was not embraced within the limits
of the United States, nor contemplated by the
framers of the Constitution as being subject to its ,
provisions, has been acquired, it is idle to look to ;
the Constitution for terms to regulate the manner
in which your sovereignty over it is to be exer-
cised. I presume it will not be disputed that the
acquisition of this territory, about whieh so much
has been said—the Louisiana purchase—was not
justified by the terms of the Constitution, but
was an assumption of power. It wa* so treated
by Mr. Jefferson, as anybody who will look to
the fourth volume of his works will find. I
remember having heard an honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, not now among the living,
the late Daniel "Webster, say, as a matter of his-
tory, that there was a time* when Mr. Madison
framed an ann'iidment !o the Federal Constitution
ratifying the annexation of Louisiana to the
United States, and put it into the hands of Mr.
John Qumev Adams, then a Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. to present to that hodv, for the pur-
pose of effecting an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, but for some reason or other it ^vas not
done. t
Then this Louisiana purchase, not being within
the termsof the Constitution—not beirg contem-
plated by its framers when it was framed, must
of necessity be governed by some other authority
than the express grants of the Constitution. The
Congress which had to legislate upon this sub-
ject looked upon it in that light; and when the
great controversy arose m 18*20, about what was
to be done with th's Louisiana purchase, on the
application of Missouri, the Congress of the
United States felt themselves at perfect liberty to
make a new compromise in relation to that Ter-
ritory, for the reason that the compromises of
the Constitution did not apply to it. There had
been compromises in the Constitution, but they
were compromises which applied to the Territories
then within the jurisdiction and limits of the
United States. Inasmuch as this Territory did
not belong within the jurisdiction of the United
States, and was not included within their limits,
it was perfectly competent for Congress, who
found this vast territory thrown upon them by
the action of the Federal Government outside of
the Constitution, to make a compact and a com-
promise for its government, not looking to the
Constitution itself, because on that the Constitu-
tion was silent; and they did make a compro-
mise. In making that compromise, however,
they assumed no power in the General Govern-
ment to legislate over that territory which had
not been exerted over the territory inside of the
Constitution.
But if it be said that this clause does not, in
terms, give power to make laws, I grant it. But
what is law? A law is a rule; and a rule is a
law. If you look at the definitions you will find
it to be so.
This, sir, is the answer I have always given to
my constituents and th,ose who have done me the
honor to listen to me. And I confess that when
I got through, or as I proceeded, I have seen in
the expression of their unsophisticated counte-
nances, that, poor as was the argument, and
feeble as was its utterance, it was abundantly
satisfactory to their honest minds, in answer to
the sophistry raised by the honorable Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. CASS. It was your eloquence.
Mr. HALE. No, sir, it was the eloquence of
truth. I will be candid as I always am; and I
get more blame for my candor than anything
else, because it is so out of fashion here. [Laugh-
ter.] I have at some times thought that the anti-
slavery men of this country had been a little too
radical—had gone a little too far. But, sir, I tell
them, and if they ever listen to my voice they
will hear it, there is need for a great deal of anti-
slavery work in Michigan now, or else the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, with his great
discernment, would not have come here and made
the speech which he has delivered to-day in refer-
ence to what these men desire. He "has read
from a little paper—I wish I had it here—a list of
about ten things; and he says that if they were all
done there would be great danger of dissolution of
the Union. I do not know but that such wopld be
the case; but it so happens that amongst the eight
or ten things which ail together he says would
endanger the Union, there is only one thing that
the Republican party have ever said they meant
to do, and that was, to do what the Government
always has been doing—exclude slavery from the
Territories.
Mr. CASS. How many of them do you
object to ?
Mr. HALE. I am not speaking for myself
now; I am speaking for the Republican party.
Mr. CASS. So I see.
Mr. HALE. The charges wrre made, not
against me, but against the Republican party;
and if any of the leaders of the party are here,
they will excuse me for volunteering to speak
for them, because I consider myself only a pri-
vate. I have said that, amonsrst the eight or ten
things charged on the Republican party, there is
only one which they have said they mean to do,
and' that is, they mean to go back to where the
Fathers started; they mean to plant themselves
where Washington and Jefferson stood, and
where Massachusetts and South Carolina stood
with them, and sustained them; they mean to go
back to the first principles of the Constitution,
and to apply to the Territories of the United
•States the same legislation which always has
been applied—that legislation which is older than
the Constitution, and which has continued by
successive steps with the consent, and receiving
the sanction, of the ffrst President of the (United
States, and of almost the last—certainly as late
a President as Mr. Polk.
That is what they mean to do; and these other
imaginary things that the Senator says would
dissolve the Union, I am not*gomg out of the
way to argue. But I tell you, sir —I am no
