94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
prophet; I do not pretend to be; and least of all
do L mean to threaten—but I tell you that I be-
lieve it is the determination of the people of the
free States to put this test to you.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me a
moment in connection with this remark, for he
usually puts his propositions fairly?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. As we are going on paripassu,
will he agree to revert to the same period of time
when these opinions prevailed, (and I grant to
some extent they did prevail,) and restore the
same laws that were in the non-slaveholding
States on the subject of fugitive slaves? Will
you agree to do that?
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, whenever we get to
that I will say this to the Senator: so far as I am
concerned, whenever there is an offer made to
deal fairly and honorably and equitably with
us, and to remember that there is a North as well
as a South, we will meet you full half way, and
more than that; because I think it is time this
question was met; I aver, for one, that I am ready
to meet it. I am not a very brave man, sir, and
do not pretend to be; but I do not confess that I
am such an infernal coward as possibly may be
implied by some things which are sometimes
said. On the principle which I have announced
I mean to stand, and I believe my State will
stand, unless that flood of light which the Pres-
ident has sent out in his message should alter
the convictions of her people; and I confess I do
not think that very likely.
I desired to vindicate the Republican party from
the charge that they are going to introduce any-
thing new—that they are going to trespass upon
anybody's rights, or anybody's privileges. They
believe that in the States they have no more right
to meddle with slavery than they have to meddle
with it in Turkey or Russia. They do not look
to the Constitution of the Federal Government
to affect it one way or the other. They leave
it where the honorable Senator from Virginia
claimed to have it. I agree with him ontirely,
that it is and ought to be a matter of the utmost
indifference with Virginia, or any slave State,
what any or all the northern States think about
slavery in the States. They have nothing to do
with it there. But when you come to the com-
mon territory—when you come to the territory
that has been purchased by the common treasure
or won by tlie common blood, then, sir, I say
tin y have a right to be heard, and 1 think they
will be heard if they remain in this Union; and
they will insist, notwithstanding what has been
done jii the Kansas-Nebraska bill, upon going
back to the first principles of the Constitution.
Lei me tell the honorable Senator he will never
find any want of justice or magnanimity in the
men who take this position; and 1 tell you to-day
—1 may be censured for it—but I tell you the
only confidence of the State-rights men of the
►South is upon men who take this ground. I tell
you those men from the northern States who are
ready to sell out our interests and sacrifice us,
and, as the honorable Senator [Mr. Butler] said,
sting the bosom that bore them, would a great
deal rather sell you than sell us when it comes to
that, and you will so find out if you lean upon
them. They are with you to-day, because it is
popular and profitable to be there.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire to whom he applies that language?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire yield the floor?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. I would like to know to whom
he applies that sort of language?
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I am bound
to answer. If the Senator aski me whether I
apply it to him, I will answer, although I do not
know that I am obliged to answer. If the Sena-
tor puts anything relating to himself personally,
I will answer it. ,
Mr. PUGH. The Senator, as I understood !
him, was classifying the Republicans as one body
of men, and then spoke of others as disposed to
sell out their people and tlfemselves. He used
the expression once before at the last session; and
when 1 called his attention to it he disclaimed
meaning any Senator; but it is here again.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator will in-
dulge me. for a mtftaent. It is a little embarrass-
ing to be called on in this way. The honorable
Senator misunderstood what I did say when he
called on me at the last session, and I thought he
was satisfied that he misunderstood me, because
he came under a misapprehension of what I did
say. I will repeat what I said. I said to the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, that he
would find the greatest security for State rights
with those who took the ground which I main-
tain; and that those who were disposed to sell out
their own constituents would much rather sell
others, if it were equally as profitable. I said
that.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator mean, then,
that those who do not take his position are per-
sons who are ready to sell out?
Mr. HALE. By no sort of means, nor do my
words imply it.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator may think so; but
it seems to me there is no other implication to be
drawr) from his words.
Mr. HALE. Now, Mr. President, let me
make myself plain. I by no manner of means
impute corrupt motives to the great body of those
opposed to me any more than the honorable Sen-
ator does. I never do it. I never have done it,
and I never will do it. I believe that the great
mass—the very great mass of those who are
opposed to us are honest; and it is because I so
believe that I have sometimes addressed argu-
ments to them, and called upon them by patriotic,
generous suggestions, to come over, and stand
with us. If I had supposed I was addressing men
who were corrupt, and had sold themselves, I
should r.ever have addressed any such arguments
to them. But when I make that disqualification,
I am not going to throw the mantle of this char-
ity, or justification, or whatever you may choose
to call it, over the whole world. I do not believe
in total depravity, but I believe in a large share
of it.
Mr. BUTLER. Do you believe in original sin ?
Mr. HALE. I do not believe in original sin,
but I do believe in the immaculate conception.
[Laughter.] I trust I have made myself perfectly
plain.
Mr.- PUGH. ' If the Senator appeals to me, I
am free to say, that, in my judgment, he has not
disclaimed a remark which is susceptible of no
interpretation whatever, or at least to which he
has given none, exceptas being offensive to mem-
bers of Congress from the northern States who
disagree with his opinions. Now, I only wish
to understand the terms upon which debates are
to be conducted in this Chamber. If the Sen-
ator persists, for the second time during this
Congress, in making such an imputation, after
having once disclaimed it, I only wish to know
to what liberty other men may go.
Mr. HALE. Let us understand this. I am
not to be deterred nor driven offfrom myposition,
that there are a great many men in the northern
States who sacrifice their honor, their States, and
their constituents, because there are other north-
ern men who may choose to say that, if I do not
except them specially, I include all northern men.
It is not a fair deduction; and the honorable Sen-
ator wants to put me in a very ungracious posi-
tion. He wants to put me in the position of
saying whom I mean. I do mean somebody. I
have them in my mind's eye—ay, sir, I have
them daguerreotyped on my heart and mind; but
I think it would be altogether unparliamentary
and unfair to force me into any such position as
that. There is no rule of parliamentary law, no
license of debate, no rule regulating gentlemanly
intercourse among men, that can put me in such
a position as that. I will say frankly and hon-
estly what I believe and what I mean. I say I
do not mean to apply it to any gentleman here
on this floor. I would have said this to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio as readily as I would to
the honorable Senator from Michigan. I recog-
nize in its broadest sense the right of a difference
of opinion. I am far from setting down every I:
man who differs from he as a scoundrel or un- I
principled man; but while I do that,is there any ii
rule of courtesy on earth which should compel
me to dispense with any animadversions on cor- '
rupt and unprincipled men ? I think that the
Senator from Ohio altogether misunderstands
the rights and courtesies of debate, toy privileges
and his, when he undertakes to put me in any
such position.
I will go on with my argument. I was endeav-
oring to answer the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan. As I said before, the point upon which
such a wide difference between us exists is only
one of all the points which he has read, on which
I have any comments to make. There we stand;
and there I think we will stand.
One remark came from the honorable Senator
which I am very sorry to hear from him, and
that was his fling at the higher law. What does
the Senator mean ? He believes ther# Is a Su-
preme Power. He believes there are obligations
resting on the hearts and consciences of men
which relate to the Supreme Governor of the
universe. He does not believe that the Consti-
tution of the United States can set aside in the
forum of a man's conscience his deep religious
conviction. I know he does not. Sir, I saw
posted up over one of the places where the suc-
cessful party in the late presidential campaign
were accustomed to assemble, a motto which was
certainly epigrammatic in its terms, I think skep-
tical in its sentiments, and abhorrent to the good
taste of the whole county. It was said—I do not
know with what truth—to have originated with
Mr. Buchanan himself. It was " the Constitu-
tion for earth; the Bible for heaven." A more
skeptical and a more gross sentiment never was
uttered in a Christian country, intimating that
the Constitution has light enough to guide us
here, and that when we come to death's gates it
will be very well to take a Bible with us on our
passage to another world.
Now, sir, I wish to vindicate this doctrine. I
do believe in a higher law, and I believe there is
no earthly Government which has a right to put
its sanctions as foremost and hefore the obliga-
tions of this higher law. Sir, the history of civil-
ization, and of Christianity ever since it was
introduced into the world, has been illustrated
with the glorious deaths of men who have believed
in a higher law; and when the obligations of the
law of the land have come in conflict with the
settled convictions of their own understandings
as to what the higher law of God taught, they
have trampled the law of the land under foot, and
have said they would bear allegiance to that
higher law, let it lead to the scaffold or the stake.
God be praised, sir, that the history of the world
and of humanity has been so illustrated and so
elevated; and God save this land of ours from
that depth of degradation to which we must sink,
when it becomes fashionable in the men who
occupy the high places of the nation to ridicule
the idea that there is a higher law, more binding
upon the consciences of men than the resolutions
of a caucus, or, it may be, the provisions of an
act of the Federal Legislature ! I am sorry to
hear it.
A great deal was said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan about the dissolution of the
Union. He said it eloquently, as he says every-
thing that he presents. He says it is more
frequently spoken of than it used to be, and he
wishes it might be like that word of the Jews,
never to be spoken. I wish so, too. He has
latterly heard it frequently spoken of—familiarly
spoken of. By whom and where? Where have
his ears got accustomed to this sound ? Has it
been by reading Republican newspapers ? Has
it been by reading their resolutions? Has it
been by reading their speeches ? Has it been by
anything or everything he has heard from this
party and its advocates, high or low, upon this
floor or elsewhere ? I think not. I think if his
ear has been accustomed to those sounds, if his
sensibilities have been pained, and if he has been
shocked by the frequency with which this word
has come to him, he must go to some other con-
venticle to deliver his reproaches than to a Re-
publican meeting, because he will be preaching
to them against a doctrine which they have never
entertained. ^ All the Republicans I ever heard
talk upon this subject expressed themselves thus:
they had sworn to support the Constitution; they
had sworn to support the Uni&n, and they would
do it; theywere ready to take another oath—that
they would not let those dissolve it who threat-
ened to do so. That is all the language I ever
heard from the Republican party in reference to
the dissolution of the Union. And therefore
none of this regroach comes to me; none of it
strikes my conscience; and I think none of it
strikes the friends} with whom I have been asso-
ciated.
