96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
gentier.ien hope so. I knowthat pvery man who
is not a skeptic in his heart, and who has, not
cold blood running around it, too, wishes that all
the elevation of which man can be capable shall
be attained in the progress of time under the
ameliorating influences of civilization and Chris-
tianity. What southern men ask is., that they
may do it in their own way—that they may edu-
cate and elevate these, persons when and how
they please. I have talked with some of these
gentlemen; I have talked with them in public and
in private; and I ayow that I never met a man
from the slaveholding States who, when the ques-
tion was put to him, did not hope that, at some
time or other, a way would be opened in the good
providence of God when all the burdens ana ills
of" life which are incident to any condition—even
the condition of slavery—might be ameliorated,
and the slaves elevated. What they have said
is, " Let us alone; we do not want any of your
help to do it."
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him, as he has made an appeal to me ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. Sir, what may be the destiny
of this race I cannot, tell. That is within the
providence-of God. As far as He has conducted
it, I see nothing to condemn in His works. What-
ever may be its destiny, if it shall he His will that
the institution shall be extinguished, I do not wish
to see it extinguished by the fires of their mas-
ters' houses; 1 do not wish to see it extinguished
by the violation of compacts; I do not wish to
see it extinguished by the intermeddling hand of
man, with more temerity than wisdom or justice.
Whatever events may lead to, I am willing to
abide by. If gentlemen will not undertake, with
mischievous temerity, to interfere with our insti-
tutions, I do not douot we shall manage them with
mercy, and I hope with justice.
Mr. HALE. Exactly; that is just what I ex-
pected from the honorable Senator.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, will the Senator from
New Hampshire allow me a moment?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
, Mr. B1GLER. I am not willing that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire shall change the issue
so suddenly. Wo were not talking about the
higher law; we had not gone off upon metaphys-
ical questions. Wo were not talking about the
influence of the progress of the Christian religion.
I am sure 1 do not pretend to understand what
Providence in Ilis wisdom may, in the future,
bring out of this relation of master and slave as
existing in our country; and I should like to
know what the election of Colonel Fremont could
haveliad to do with such a work as this. The
Senator, in his letter, said it would be a step in
the right way. We were talking about what ques-
tions were involved in the late canvass—whether
the question of interfering with slavery wherever
it existed, or the question of its extension to the
Territories, was involved. Now, sir, the Senator
goes off and preaches a sermon, eloquent and
touching, but it does not touch the subject. Will
lie tell me that the friends to whom he addressed
that letter would understand it in the meaning
which he has given to it hereto-day? No, sir;
they understood from that letter that the election
of Colonel Fremont was to be a step in the direc-
tion of interfering with slavery where it existed
in the Stfttes; and it is one of the many means
which were used to excite general prejudice and
opposition, and in that way defeat the Democratic
party. It was in that connection that I presented
it. As for what may come out of this institution
in the future, I know nothing about it. I do not
know why Providence made the races different
in their characteristics, nor why He permitted
•slavery to come to this continent; why He allowed
Groat Britain to fasten it upon the Colonies before
wo were independent; why the remonstrance of
Virginia was of no consequence in resisting it;
but this I do know, that when the Constitution
was formed, and the Union brought into existence,
under which we have lived so long and so happily,
and prospered as have no other people, features
of it were matters of compromise, and that unless
those compromises be respected this fabric goes
to pieces. That is my conviction.
Air. HALE. Mr. President, one of the worst
"rngs in the world for aman to comment upon
.s any production of his own; and it is very diffi-
cult for me to have to talk about this letter of
mine, but I will read it. It is one of the best
things I ever wrote, sir. [Laughter.]
" I rejoice in your movement; I have faith and hope in
progress."
No interference with the States there*
" I look forward hopefully to the day when the word slave
shall be without practical meaning in this or the eastern
continent"—
Sir, I do; but I do not see in this the announce-
ment of any expression of hostility to the rights
of the States—
" when universal man filial I stand erect, as God intended he
should, calling on no lord or master, save the common Lord
of us all, and recognizing no Government save that which
is founded on the principles of eternal justice and universal
right of hiimamty. If I did not believe that the election of
Fremont and Dayton would be a step in that direction, the
movement would rcccive little sympathy from me."
There is not the slightest intimation of a desire
to interfere with the States. Gentlemen make
one great confusion. I desire progress. I desire
to see evil obliterated. I desire to see crime cease.
If there be crime or a criminal practice prevailing
in any of the States, I desire that it may come to
an end. Does that imply that 1 wish to interfere
by force to hasten that consummation? When I
see an account of counterfeiting in a commercial
State—when I see an account of forgeries in New
York, frauds in Boston, conspiracies elsewhere,
I regret them; I wish these things to come to an
end. I wish that the ameliorating influence of
our civilization and Christianity may overcome
all these forms of evil. Do I express a desire to
interfere forcibly, to put an end to these things?
Not at all. Nobody can so understand me. I
desire to see liberty the universal law. What are
the agencies that I wish to employ? Do I want
to appeal to the passions of the slave, to incite
him to revolution, revolt, murder, bloodshed?
Not at nil. But I want a higher civilization and
a purer Christianity to shed their benign and
enlightening influences on the hearts and con-
sciences of those who hold slaves. I desire, as
a cooperation with this great purpose of a benev-
olent Deity, that whenever anu wherever the Gov-
ernment of this country may rightfully act,under
the Constitution, it shall come in and be a co-
worker with God in his great work of benevolence.
This is what I desire; and it is in this view
that I should have rejoiced in the election of Col-
onel Fremont. I do not believe the institutions
of a single State would have been jeoparded by
it; but I believe that the influence of this Govern-
ment would have been thrown around the Terri-
tories; and then the view tho honorable Senator
says he took before the people of Pennsylvania
would have been vindicated, and tho action of this
Government would have been on the side of free-
dom in the Territories; and that would have been
one step in the great march of improvement which
by-aiul-by is to regenerate the world, and ele-
vate the victims of oppression all over the globe.
This is the reason why I should have rejoiced in
the election of Colonel Fremont. I should then
have thought that there was an infusion of benev-
olence and of Christianity into the politics of the
land; I should have thought they would have
been elevated above the degrading position in
which the selfishness, the corruptions, and the
intrigues of politicians had kept them; I should
have thought the shade would have advanced
some degrees upon the dial-plate of human des-
tiny, reaching to the day when universal liberty
should be tho birthright of all. Nor would it
have been a very great step. It would have been
only a small one. It would have been going but
a little way. I wanted it, because when we said
that we were in favor of Fremont and Dayton,
and free Kansas, we did not need any comment-
ary; but the people understood what we meant.
I am glad that the honorable Senator to-day
admits that he is in favor of freedom in Kansas.
I look upon that, too, as a sign—a very small
sign, [laughter,] but, notwithstanding, a sign. I
wish 1 could be certain of what I have a very
strong presentiment of, that the expression of!
that desire of the Senator from Pennsylvania—as ;
independent a man as there is anywhere—is not i
entirely disconnected with the cogitations of
what prudence requires at Wheatland.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interpose at this point?
Mr. HALE. Certainly. (
Mr. BIGLER. I have no idea of being mag- |
niiied in anything I may say in this body, and i
hope I shall not be misunderstood. I have be-
fore heard allusions of this kind on and off the
floor, and possibly it is proper that I should
make myself understood. I am here, a Senator
from Pennsylvania, acting upon my own judg-
ment in reference to each measure as it comes
up. I do not pretend to the dignity of being an
oracle of any man or any power. So far as re-
lates to Wheatland, I have not had a line nor a
word from there since I came here. The Senator
will do me the justice to give me credit for what-
ever of right there may be in my positions, and
hold me accountable for whatever of wrong there
may be in them. I have not, on this occasion,
or any other, undertaken to define Mr. Buchan-
an's views any further than they are known to
the public through his own speeches, letters,
writings, and his long career here.
Mr. HALE. I certainly meant to be fair with
the Senator. I did not say that the Senator spoke
by his authority, byt it is the most natural thing
in the world. Mr. Buchanan is elected President.
I have no correspondence with him, [laughter;]
but I understand, that since he has been elected,
with great prudence he has been like the vailed
prophet of Khorassan—nothing falls from his
lips. I commend his prudence. I recollect
having read an anecdote in Spanish history. The
Prime Minister was very sick, and there was
great anxiety to know the state of hisljfialth from
day to day. The public were not*atlrqitted into
the chamber, and the only way theyTJad of judg-
ing was by the appearance of those who had
access to him. If they came out looking very
sad and sorrowful, the public concluded that his
excellency was worse, and if they looked exultant
and jubilant, it was supposed that he was better.
The only way I have of drawing remote infer-
ences as to what the sage of Wheatland thinks,
is to catch what falls from those who stand nearer
to him than I do. That was all I meant to
insinuate.
But, sir, I was going on to say that there seems
to be an exceeding confusion on the public
mind—and I am glad the honorable Senator from
Mississippi is listening to me.
Mr. BROWN. Olt, I listen to you with
pleasure.
Mr. HALE. Every expression of a desire
that slavery, at some time or other, may be abol-
ished, or, if that is an unpopular word, may be
extinguished, has been caught up and magnified
into an expression of what the Republican party
mean to do. This is unfair. Those who con-
tend for slavery are not more obnoxious in this
respect than are anti-slavery men. I have said
over and over again, speaking in my representa-
tive character as a Senator on this floor, I have
no desire to meddle with slavery in the States—
not the slightest. Some superfine philanthropists
in the eastern States have construed that to mean
a declaration on my part, that in no capacity and
in no way did I ever desire to see slavery abol-
ished. I have no hesitancy in saying that I do
desire to see it abolished. 'I desire*to see the
time when the word "slave" shall be without
meaning. Is there a Senator here who does not?
I appeal to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina. I would not answer the Senator from
Pennsylvania. I never heard a word from the
Senator from South Carolina upon the point, but
I knew he would answer it. I knew there was
not a slaveholder on the floor who would not
answer it, and who would not say that he saw
nothing reprehensible in the expression of that
desire. He says he does not want us to interfere
unlawfully, to cut throats and burn buildings.
Nor do I. The day for propagating Christianity
in that way has passed by. I repeat, as I said
in that letter, I desire, I hope to see that time. I
live in the hope of progress. Nay, more, I hope to
seethe daywhenthe word " slave" shall be with-
out a meaning, and when the word of a supporter
of slavery in the free States shall be without a
meaning also. My expression of desire is as
broad as that.
Now, 1 beg gentlemen, once for all—for I do
not mean to talk much this session; I did not at
the last session, and do not mean to do so at this
—to take notice of the distinction. We desire to
see slavery abolished; I desire to see it abolished
in Mississippi. 1 do not desire to see the Con-
stitution amended to give me tho power to do it.
I disclaim the power utterly. I do not want it.
