THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1856.
New Series No. 7.
I would not take it if I could have it. The re-
sponsibility of what I now have to do is quite
enough for me. But the way I want it done is,
by appealing to the enlightened consciences of'
those who hold slaves; and I tell them that I do
desire this great end to be attained. I believe
slavery is wrong; I believe it is inconsistent with
your highest interest and your clearest duty.
Believing that, I desire to shed the light of what
1 consider to be a higher civilization and a purer
form of Christianity upon you. You smile, sir,
at that; you think it is only self-conceit; no mat-
ter; that is the position we take; and we are not
to be put into the category of desiring illegal,
forcible interference to effect this, because we
desire to see it effected in this way.
I could, if I chcSse, call names; but I will not.
I declined, and T hope kindly and respectfully, to
the Senator from Ohio, to give names, and I shall
not give them now; hut I have talked with some
men who are slaveholders; I have talked with
some men who are supposed to enjoy in a very
high degree the confidence of the slaveholding
States, and I have put this question to them: " Do
you believe, do you desire, do you hope, that
this institution will be perpetual and eternal?"
"No," declared an honorable Senator—I am
sorry I said that—" we do not. We believe that
in the progress of time, in the improvements
which are in the future, under the ameliorating
influences of civilization and Christianity, a period
will arrive when this institution shall cease to
exist. We do not know how; we do not know
when. We believe that it will come; and all we
have to say to you is, keep your hands off, you
cannot do anything to help it. We want no inter-
ference of yours. It is an institution of ours.
We are responsible for it. We will do with it
as we please; but since you have put the question
to me," said he, " these are my opinions."
This has been said so plainly, and so frequently,
that I am almost ashamed to be here worrying
the Senate at this time by making these dis-
claimers; and I should not have done it, but for
the attempt of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania to make me responsible for a purpose
to interfere with the States, in consequence of
the expression of opinion in that letter. I do not
know that I can make this subject plainer; and I
am sorry that a necessity has been imposed upon
me to say thus much; but I must say one other
thing, and then I will leave the subject, and
relieve the patience of those Senators who have
done me the honor to listen to me.
I have heard a great deal said about the re-
sponsibility of introducing the agitation of the
subject of slavery. We are asked, " Why is it
here ?" I will say to those who bring that accusa-
tion, as I said to the honorable Senator from
Michigan, when you want to reprove those who
talk to you about a dissolution of the Union, do
not go to a Republican convention—go some-
where else, and your reproof will be more needed
and will apply. Those who want to rebuke the
individuals that are introducing the subject of
slavery agitation, should not come to me. I have
resisted it. It is your President who has done it
over and over again. What is his message? It
is like a Parthian arrow, shot back as lie retreats,
to rekindle the flame, and stir up the discordant
elements, and create the storm. He is the man
who has done it, and he has done it m the most
offensive way in which it could possibly be
<lone.
I remember that the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Stcart]—I have not the record
before me—undertook to have our rules amended
last year, so that it should be out of order in de-
bate to say anything opprobrious or reproachful
to a State. I am not mistaken—am I?
Mr. STUART. No.
Mr. HALE. He did so. But for the peculiar
circumstances under which the rule was intro-
duced, probably I should have voted for it. I
remember that an honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Clayton,] not now among the living,
on that occasioif said, " A man cannot say a thing
of me personally that will so offend and ivound -
me as anything reproachful of my State." 1
The President of the United States has said j
things reproachful of my State and his. He has I
said things reproachful of a vast majority of the I
masses of the free States of this Union. The ]
Senator from Pennsylvania undertook to reprove
me for having used this expression before. He ]
said there was not a majority; and how did he ]
prove it? He counted upon the side of those >
whohad uttered that rebuke,theAmencan party, '
which, I understood the President to think, has 1
been quite as much rebuked as the Republicans, '
for he says the people have rebuked the attempt >
to introduce any distinction between citizens on
account of their birth and their religion. Whom t
doesthathit? It hits the Americans. The Pres-'
ident, m his censure, included those opposed to ;
the Democratic party. Howcanaman say here
that the people, by a great majority, hare repu-
diated and rebuked and passed certain judgments ,
upon men, when to do it he has to call up to his I
aid men whom he was fighting just as hard as j
the Republicans? I
Mr. BIGLER. That certainly has nothing to j
do with the accuracy of my statement. I replied [
to the Senator's claim of a Republican majority
in eleven of the States, and showed that it was |
only true of eight States. ;
Mr. HALE. I did not say that the Repub- ,
lican party had a majority in an}' State; but if the
Senator will look to my remarks he will find that
I said the President had undertaken by this mes-
sage to rebuke a great majority of the people of
eleven States of this Union. I did not say that
it was a majority composed of the Republican
party. I did not use that language, but I said a
majority of the citizens of those States. The
rebuke, if it means anything, is just as severe
upon the Americans as upon the Republicans. I ]
do not think the Democratic party had any great ;
friendship for the American party for anything '
they did upon our last election. j
Sir, the President has, in an offensive manner, !
done the very thing which was undertaken to be
made out of order for a Senator to do. He has
said things opprobrious and disrespectful to the
States. I sympathize with the sentiment of the
late Senator from Delaware. I would rather a
man should assail me—I would rather he should '
say things disrespectful of me, than of the State
which I represent. I think that is the feeling of jj
every Senator here. There is something higher ;j
and holier connecting itself with the land which ;!
we represent, as the guardian of the interests 'j
and the honor and the rights, not only of the !
living, but of the soil which covers the honored ,
dead, so that we feel as we would a reproach upon ;
the mother that bore us, or the father tiiat begat i
us, any imputation upon ihe character of the :
States which we represent. It is for that reason
that I say the President is reprehensible. It is for
that reason that I am unwilling, by my vote, to j
pay any special honor to his message. It has
gone out to the country. It has gone out as an :
arraignment and impeachment, and a very griev-
ous one, of the States of this Union which have .
not seen fit, in the discharge of their rights, to
record their votes as the President deemed proper.
That was the reason why I made the opposition
to printing the message ui the manner I did.
1, for one, am glad that this discussion has
been introduced. 1 am glad that this issue has
been presented. I am sorry that the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ma^ov] is not now
in his seat, because I hate to say anything behind l
a man's back; but I have something to soy to
him. If he has weighed his words, if he repre-
sents the feelings of his State, if he has no quali-
fications to make—and 1 did not hear the qualifi-
cation which he just no\y made applied to this—if
his purpose, and the purpose of what are called
the slave States of this union, be to make the
legislation which excludes slavciv fioin the Ter-
ritories the ground of separation, I belkve now (
I is the time to begin. That legislation is on the I
statute-book. I think it will be kept there. It
is the statute-law of Oregon to-day. We will
apply it to Kansas and Nebraska, if we get- the
power, as I think we shall. I may be mistaken.
I will not say, that if the Union exists, but I will
say, that if the solar system continues, 1860 will
wind up this dynasty. I may be mistaken. I
am not over sanguine; but if we do succeed, I
tell you we will apply this principle. We look
upon this as a great trust committed to us by
Providence. We believe that the interests of
humanity, of religion, of our own laboring, toiling
millions, require that these Territories, conse-
crated to us by compact more than a generation
ago, shall be reclaimed, and that the rightful
exercise of tins jurisdiction of Congress over the
Territories shall be extended. I cannot speak
by authority, and I do not pretend to do so: I
only speak what are my convictions, and what I
believe are the convictions of my constituents,
and what I believe are the convictions of the
great body of the northern people, as I have
learned them. Their sentiment is growing stronger
and stronger.
The honorable Senator from Michigan reproved
me, because, when he expressed an opinion that
withoutthe interposition of Providence the Union
would be dissolved if certain things were done,
I said He interposed in the last election. The
Senator thought this was undue levity. Notso.
If a sparrow does not fall to the ground without
the notice of an overruling Providence, think
you that dynasties rise and fall, that parties come
m and out, without the intervention of that same
Almighty hand ? No, sir. I see the good hand
of Providence in it.
Mr. BROWN. In the election of Buchanan?
Mr. HALE. Yes, God tries us sometimes
with calamities, and sometimes with mercies; I
see His hand in all; and in the great vote which
Fremont got do you not read the handwriting
on the wall ? The honorable Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] did not know twelve months
ago that there was a Republican party, or he
" scarcely" knew it; I believe that is the adverb.
Well, sir, I did know it; and I should have
thought that anybody who lived in Michigan
would have found it out more than twelve months
ago. [Laughter.] If that is to be the criterion,
the time has come. There are no indicatiens of
giving back. We have settled convictions on
this subject, which we can vindicate by the Con-
stitution, by the Higher law, and the lower law,
too—by all law—by the feeling that rests ill the
heart of man. Sir, we have been a long while
coming to it. The North have borne and for-
borne# You have talked about northern aggres-
sion. As truly as I stand here to-day, sir, when
I first heard that word come from a southern
mouth, I thought it was irony. I did not think
they were in" earnest. Northern aggression !
Turn to the statutes; begin in the year 1TS9, when
Georse Washington was President, and come
down to President Pierce—a good ways, I know
—and find the first act of Federal legislation
aggressive on the rights of the South.
When you come to examine the aggressive acta
of which vou complain, you find that they were
passed by southern men. This is curious, is it
not5 No'rthern aggressions made by southern
men! What was your Missouri compromise?
Made by southern "men. What was the great
ordinance of 1787? Made by southern men—
nay, by southern and northern men. The only
" nay'"' there was to it was not from a slave
State; it came from New York; and it well be-
comes the Senators of that State to be a little
earnest in their fidelity now, to wipe out that blot,
which rests upon the State for beuig the only neg-
ative against that great ordinance of freedom.
Mr. Reward. Who was that?
Mr H\LE. I believe his name was Yates.
He was a New York man. That is one of the
measures which are called northern aggressions.
, You cannot find one of them. It is all imagma-
1 tion, and a thins of very recent creation, too.
! Mr SEWARD, I wish to ask the honorable
i Senator, after the disclaimer of a purpose on his
