98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
part to reflect on States here, how he justifies this
allusion to the State of New York ? [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I would not have said what I
did, if I had not thought they might have relied
■with safety behind their eighty thousand majority
for Fremont. I would not say such a thing to
Pennsylvania; it is too close to the wind there.
[Laughter.] But when you have such a bulwark
as that vote of New York, you can stand some-
thing.
There has not been such a thing as northern
aggression on the statute-book; but I will tell you
what there has been there. There has been very
careful legislation in favor of southern interests,
and I should not want to go further than the room
befieath us for proof of it. Although there is a
majority of free States and free people in this
Union, you have never dared—somebody said
that was not the right word to use; you never
thought it prudent—that is it—to have anything
less than a majority of slaveholders on the bench
of the Supreme Court of the United States. Not-
withstanding the fact that you have not generally
found the northerners who get there very factious
Abolitionists, you have been very careful in your
legislation to keep a majority there; and it is well
you have—that is, so far as slavery is concerned
—for I have said what I have been reproved for
saying, but what 1 mean to say again—there is
your citadel after all; there is your safety, and it
is your safety secured by your careful legislation.
Yet here is the tribunal that is to be the construer
of the Constitution in the last resort; and you have
always taken care to keep a majority of slave-
holders there, and then get up—standing up over
their heads—and talk of northern aggression.
How has it been in politics? Northern aggres-
sion has looked out there—has it not? I repeat
but history when I say that the breath of slavery
has made and unmade the public men of this
country. "What was it that prostrated Mr. Yan
Buren in 1844 ? I remember a little while pre-
cedingthe nomination of 1844, hearing very prom-
inent Democrats ill the country say that a victory
would be no victory that did not reinstate Mr.
Van Buren. They were for a restoration not only
of measures but of men, and Mr. Yan Buren was
the candidate. After Mr, Van Buren happened
—and I think that is the very word—happened
to write a letter against the annexation of Texas,
where was all his southern strength? Gone;
gone as if it had been touched by the wand of
the enchanter, and anothcrman was brought for-
ward. I wish to speak with respect of him, and
give him all credit for everything that belongs
to him. He was brought up simply and solely
because he was the antagonist of Mr. Van Buren
on that occasion upon that position. Is a man
conversant with the history of this country going
to risk his reputation with the intelligent people
of the country by talking about northern aggres-
sion? Such things will do to go home; and if
you have any districts where they do not read
the papers, or but very few of them, it wilMo to
talk about northern aggression. But upon the
enjightened tribunal of this forum, I put it to
gentlemen if it is consistent with an enlightened
self-i- spect for them to talk about northern
aggression?
Mr. BIGLER. Did not the Senator from Now
Hampshire vote for that President? I always
understood that he voted for President Polk.
Mr. HALE. I did; and I have committed
other sins. [Laughter.] But there has 'been
progress—that progress in which I trust—since
1844; and I hope the man who makes up my
record will say that " the days of his ignorance
God winked at"—the rest of the sentence the
honorable Senator knows. Sir, I must do my-
self the credit, as I have been put on the confes-
sional, to say that I did it under protest. I pro-
tested that in electing Mr. Polk we did not
indorse the annexation of Texas.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the way he signed the
Oregon bill, for which you hold him accountable
to-jfay—he did ft under protest.
Mr. HALE. Both protests were about alike:
theywere not worth much. I will not detain
the Senate longer,
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I desire to address
the Senate on this subject very briefly; but it is
now todjlate to do so.
^r• CUODHEA D. I propose to rescind the ,
order by which the Senate agreed to adjourn !
until Monday, for the purpose of allowing the
debate to be continued to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator withdraw the
motion, so as to allow me to say a few words, as
I do not wish to sleep on this matter ?
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CASS. I have a word to say in reference
to the higher law—one of the greatest political
heresies ever introduced into 'this country. I
have nothing to do with it as an ethical proposi-
tion. There is no doubt as to the higher obliga-
tion of God's law. I am speaking of the political
operation of a principle which says there is a
higher law, and that any man has a right to go
into its courts and say, " The higher law annihi-
lates your lower law, and I will not obey yours."
I say that principle is destructive of all society.
If you allowed eyery man the right to say there
was a higher law prohibiting what the political
law allows, society could not exist for an instant.
Some communities of Christians have con-
tended that no man could administer the govern-
ment who did not belong to a particular church.
Some men do not believe in the legality of war.
Have such men a right to come forward and say,
" The higher law forbids this, and I will not
obey your law?" If it does not mean that, it
means nothing. It is introduced to exonerate
men from the political law of the country under
which they live. It is clear, as an cthical ques-
tion, that if the law requires a conscientious man
to do what he believes the law of God will not
allow him to do, it is his duty to have the law
changed if he can; but if not, to become a mar-
tyr, not a rebel—not to go before the tribunals,
if accused of murder, and say," I did murder, but
the law of God required that I should murder."
You give every pretense for a man to judge in his
own case and act as he pleases. It is a proposi-
tion not to be maintained for a single moment in
any country, as a practical question, no matter
what be its government—monarchical, aristo-
cratic, democratic, or republican.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Tennessee
who is entitled to the floor, does not desire to go
on to-morrow, the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] is willing and prepared to do so.
We are wasting away the session, which is a
short one; and really I think it would be better
to meet to-morrow, and let the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts go on, with the understanding that the
Senator from Tennessee may take his position in
the regular order of debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to that arrangement, if such be the pleasure
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have already determined that when they adjourn
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. BROWN. I move to reconsider that
vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall be obliged to call for
the yeas and nays on that proposition, and the
yeas and nays will show that there is not a
quorum present. Many Senators have gone
away expecting that the Senate would not meet
to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. If there be serious objection
to my proposition, we may as well adjourn at
once. 1 thought it would save time.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I move an ad-
journment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. -
Thursday-, December 11, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion of Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, that the
message of the President be referred and printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of State, in compliance with the resolution
of the House of the 7th of August last, requesting
the President to communicate to the House all
the correspondence and other paoers, conven-
tions, &c., relative to Hamet Caranally, in the
Departments of State and Navy, from the date
of his connection with the Government to this
date.
Also, a communication from the Treasury
Department, transmitting accounts of the Treas-
ury, War, and Navy Departments, which have
remained more than three years unsettled, and
on which balances appear to haye been due more
than three years prior to the 13th day of Septem-
ber last, &c., in pursuance to the second section
of the act of Congress of March 3, 1809, entitled
" An act to amend the several acts for the estab-
lishment and regulation of the Treasury, War,
and Navy Departments;" which several commu-
nications were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PUBLICATION OF PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. SNEED. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution for the pur-
pose of reference only:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing in-
quire and report why the Agricultural Report of tin- Patent
Office for the year 1855, ordered for distribution, was not
furnished until about the first of this month.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I understand that
after that report was made here, and the House
had ordered two hundred thousand copies to be
printed, by some authority or other it was sent
back to the Commissioner of Patents, and he
has been making out and revising that report
ever since, until a few weeks past, and the thing
which is now here is not exactly what the House
ordered to be printed. In fact, they have been
all the summer and during the recess making out
that report after it was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. Let us adopt the resolution
and see what has been the cause of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Tennessee by what authority
the Commissioner of Patents got hold of that
report after it was sent to this House, and made
one of the documents of the House ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not know.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall vote for the resolu-
tion, especially after the explanation, for I cannot
infftgine how the Commissioner of Patents could
fet hold of one of the public documents of this
louse; and especially how he can alter and
change it after it so became one of the public
documents.
Mr. NICHOLS. So far as the resolution is
concerned, it can be answered now. It is true, as
alleged by the gentleman from Tennessee—and
this ease forms no exception to the general iule
acted upon on the part of almost all of the Depart-
ments—it is true that the report, after it was sub-
mitted to this House,'and after the order to print
was made, was revised by the Commissioner of
Patents, under the authority, I presume, which he
claims by virtue of his position. I know of no
other authority. It is equally true, that after the
report was submitted to this House, and after the
order to print had been made, an agent was sent
out by the Commissioner of Patents for the pur-
pose of the collection of information to be put into
that Patent Office report. That agent remained
somewhere in the interior of the country, col-
lecting information and statistics, until some two
months before this body reassembled. This ex-
plains the whole matter; and for that reason alone
the members have not had possession of the doc-
uments to which they are entitled.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one more question. Am I to understand the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, that it
has been the practice heretofore for the heads of
Departments or bureaus making reports to this
House, after a report has been submitted, and an
order made to print, to be permitted to take pos-
session of them, and to add to or subtract there-
from according to their pleasure ?
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not understand me to state any such
thing. It is customary for the Departments to
submit a bundle of manuscript which they call a
report, and solicit an order from the House to
print, and after that is done they claim the au-
thority to add to it just what they please.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I understand the
gentleman to say that, notwithstanding a report
from one of the Departments has been submitted
and made one of the documents of this House,
the officer by which it was majde has clairm d the
right to altef and add to it in thejjnanner he saw
