1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
fit. Does he say that such has been the practice
on the part of officers of the several Departments
of the Government?
Mr. NICHOLS. That is what I have said.
Many of them, if not all of them, do so.
Mr. HOUSTON, Then, if I am correct in my
statement, and such is really the fact, we have
no security for our public documents. We cannot
be sure that they will appear in print as they
were submitted to the House and ordered to be
printed. I wish the gentleman would state what
officers—what heads of Departments or bureaus
have thus changed their reports ? If such be the
practice, the House will agree with me that it
should be arrested.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will refer to a report made
to this House at the last session of Congress—the
report on the surveys for a Pacific railroad. It
is well known to the gentleman from Alabama
that there was submitted to this House what was
called the Pacific railroad report, and that that
report was ordered to be printed. It was printed
and laid upon the tables of members. It under-
went, I imagine, the inspection of all. I would
ask the gentleman whether he does not know
that that work is still in progress; and that the
portion sent to him for distribution is not the
work as it was originally submitted, and ordered
to be printed 5
Mr. HOUSTON, I do not know any such
thing. I do not deny that such is the fact. 1
have not been called to give the subject examin-
ation. If that report has been changed since it
was submitted, then I charge that the practice is
a wrong one, and ought to be stopped.
The gentleman gives me the first information I
have had on the subject. "With the existence of
such a practice we can readily imagine how great
frauds may be committed on the House. Docu-
ments of which extra numbers are ordered to be
printed, are sent to the Committee on Printing.
That committee makes its reports to the House,
which we adopt with whatever modifications the
majority desire. If after this that committee have
allowed the reports ordered to be printed to be
changed, without so reporting to the House, then
it has not done its full duty. If officers of the
Departments of the Government can change m
any respect the reports they submit, then they
may add matter which is not at all legitimate,
and in that way palm on the House what we have
not desired, and did not desire, to have printed—
what is a fraud on us and the country.
Mr. NICHOLS. T am glad to hear the gen-
tleman speak as he does, for his opinion corre-
sponds with the remarks I made at the last session.
I have given the gentleman an example from the
last session. That document was examined by
a committee of which I was not a member, and
the Committee on Printing are not at all respons-
ible for what has been done concerning it. The
Committee on Printing had nothing to do with
the supervision of the report on the Pacific rail-
road surveys.
I will state, in addition, that since the order to
print the agricultural portion of the Patent Office
report, the Committee on Printing have resolved
to submit no resolution for the printing of any
work until the manuscript is presented to them,
with an estimate of its probable cost by the Su-
perintendent of the Public Printing. We have
done everything m our power to prevent the evil
to which the gentleman alludes. Were it in my
power, I would suspend the printing of the report
on the Pacific railroad surveys. I stated at the
last session that that report was receiving addi-
tions every day. One volume was then sub-
mitted. A portion of that report is not yet
written. When it will be I do not know. The
Committ^? on Printing have no control of the
matter. With reference to reports since sub-
mitted, we have taken such action as will, in my
judgment, prevent the continuance of any such
practice as that now condemned.
Mr, HOUSTON. How does this additional
matter get to the Public Printer? When that
portion of the Pacific railroad report is written,
how does it get to the printer? Who hands it
to him, and by what authority does he receive
it and make it a part of the report? The gentle-
man ought to, and I presume does, know.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman will recollect
that an order was passed by this House for the
printing of a certain work, and that the super-
vision of its printing was left to its author, so
that he might go on and stuff it with what he
pleased.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a case different
from the one the gentleman started out with. I
understood him, in the outset, to state that it
was the practice of officers of the Government to
claim and exercise the right to alter and add to
their reports, after they had been submitted to
this House and ordered to be printed. I called
upon him to name one of the officers of the Gov-
ernment who has done it, because I wanted to
know if the practice existed. If it does exist, it
is wrong. The gentleman has seen fit to refer to
the Pacific railroad surveys report, but upon his
own explanation permission was given by the
express decision of the House, and the action of
the committee has not transcended the authority
given by the House.
Mr. SNEED. The special object which I had
in view in the introduction of the resolution has
perhaps been attained. Still it is well enough to
have the report asked for by the resolution, in
view of ulterior, and perhaps more important,
objects. There is great culpability in reference
to the printing of these documents somewhere.
This House evidently regarded this document as
one of very great importance, judging from the
number of copies ordered to be printed, and by
the amount appropriated for this department of
the public service. A large part of the country,
I know, regard this particular report as of more
importance than any other published by Con-
gress, and it is sought for more anxiously. The
report of the Patent Office for the year 1855 is
not ready for distribution, after the extraordi-
nary appropriation made for it, until the 1st of
December, 1856. When this resolution was in-
tioduced, I knew that the country held the mem-
bers of this IIout.e responsible for the non-dis-
tribution of that document. I knew my con-
stituents held me responsible for not distributing
it, and the constituents of other gentlemen, I
have no doubt, held them responsible. I had,
however, taken the extraordinary pains to write
to the officers who ought to have distributed the
document to me, having previously given direc-
tions to them to forward the books to my home,
but they did not come. I received information
from those officers that the public printer had not
received the manusciipt as late as the middle of
October. That manuscript had been ordered by
the House to be printed, and how it could be ab-
stracted from the files of the House, and get back
into the hands of the Commissioner of Patents, I
cannot understand. Nor can I see how the Pub-
lic Printer, who is an officer of this House, could
receive from the heads of bureaus, or any other
person whatever outside of the officers of this
House, manuscript matter which had once passed
through the regular channels of this House, and
print it as matter ordered by the House to be
printed. It was for that reason that I introduced
this resolution, and I hope the inquiry will be made
in as imposing a form as this House can make it.
Mr. McMULLTN. Tt will be rememberedth.it
the Patent Office report, to which the gentleman
from Tennessee alludes, was laid before the
House at an early day last session, and was or-
dered to be printed. I have no objection to the
resolution whatever, but I beg the House to re-
member tins tact in connection with the subject,
that the Committee on Agriculture recommended
a very Lvge inri'idse to the appropriation for
seeds, cuttings, &c. I do not recollect what the
amount was. That committee also recommended
that a certain amount of that money should be
applied to the purchase of susar-cane. A variety
of cuttings were directed to be purchased; and it
is through the action of this House in the general
appropriation bill, carrying out the recommenda-
tion o£ the Committee on Agriculture—of which
I am an humble member—that this derangement
in the publication of these reports has occurred.
The Secretary of the Interior dt-sired to carry out
the views of the House, as expressed tluough its
action, upon the recommendation of the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, and I flatter myself that the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston'] will
find that nothing wrong has been done by the
Secretary of the Interior m this whole business.
With these remarks I have no objection to the
adoption of this resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Com- -
mittee on Printing, [Mr. Nichols,] to say that
the agent of this agricultural bureau has been
through the country during the recess collecting
statistics and materials with which to stuff and
cram this report. I ask my colleague to modify
his resolution so as to instruct the committee
also to inquire whether this agent, in the collec-
tion of such statistics, was not also engaged in
making political speeches or distributing polit-
ical documents during the late presidential can-
vass, and if so, in what section of the country,
and what was the character of those speeches and
documents.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am well assured, from the
character of the agent sent out from the Patent
Office, that he made no political speeches during
the canvass, and that he was not engaged in dis-
seminating political documents of any kind. The
agent selected by the Secretary was Mr. Glover,
who is not a politician at all, but a scientific man
engaged by the Department solely for the purpose
of selecting statistics.
I have stated these facts for the purpose of
showing the cause which produced the delay in
this publication, and to show that, after the
report had been submitted and ordered to be
printed, the agent was still engaged in obtaining
information to be embodied in the very work or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SNEED. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee on Printing to give to the House
this information in answer to the resolution which
I have submitted, rather than in a speech to the
House. I will accept the modification proposed
by my colleague, [Mr. Jones,] and then respect-
fully ask the chairman of the Committee on
Printing to give us the information in a tangible
form.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have spoken not so much
to the resolution as to the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee and the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. HAVEN. The information which the
House wishes to secure is, I imagine, with refer-
ence to the abstraction of the public records for
alteration and addition. I do not suppose there
is any doubt that some of the agents of the
Department were engaged in making political
speeches during the late contest. I take it for
granted that that has been done. I ask that the
following amendment to the resolution be adopted.
I think we had better have the information we
desire by way of a report from the committee,
and talk after we have the facts before us. My
amendment is as follows:
And that ?aid committee further inquire and report
whether any instances have occurred of the report" or other
papeis which have been submitted to this Hou.-e atiri or-
dered to be printed having been withdrawn, and changed
or added to. without the order or the knowledge of the
House ; and if so. in what instance has this been done, and
by what assuniul authomy.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. WHITNEY. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question for
one moment.
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw it.
Mr. WHITNEY. If it would not seem a
reflection on the Committee on Printing, I would
propose to refer the resolution and amendment to
a special committee. The amendment covers a
greater extent of ground than the original reso-
lution. The chairman of the Committee on
Printing infoimed us at the last session, and he
informs us now, that it is usual for reports to
this body to be returned to their authors for revis-
ion. He has told us that reports have been ordered
to be printed before they have been written and
submitted. I am cognizant of the fact that, during
the Thirty-Third Congress, an order was made
for the printing of a supplemental or special report
on the surveys for a Pacific railroad, and that
that report was not only not printed, but that
the War Department absolutely refused to let it
be published, unless under the supervision of that
Depaitment. I ask, by what authority any De-
partment alters and adds to any document sub-
mitted to tins-House and ordered to be printed ?
I hope that we may have a full investigation in
the matter, and move that the resolution and
amendment be referred to a select committee.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I move that the
whole subject be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
