100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GULOBE.
December 11,
new territory.
Mr. OTERO presented the following papers;
•which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories:
A memorial of the people of the southwestern
part of the Territory of New Mexico, praying
for the organization of a new Territory; also the
proceedings of a convention of the people of the
southwestern part of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, to organize a separate Territory.
reference of a bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs a
bill (S. No. 46) for the relief of John H. Horn;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill of which I have given previous notice.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. I ask that the
States be called regularly. Many members have
propositions to submit, and I desire that we shall
all fare alike.
president's message.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, to refer and print the
President's annual message with the accompany-
ing documents; upon wluch Mr. H. Marshall
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I hold
that, as a matter of fairness and statesmanship,
public men should fix and proclaim with exacti-
tude the political principles and views of consti-
tutional power which they entertain, and by
which they would be guided in the administra-
tion of the Government. I regret to say that, so
far as my observation has extended, there has
been a gross failure, m this rcspect, on the part
of the members of the Democratic party.
I understand the tenets of the Republican party
—I understand the positionofthe Abolition party;
but I do not understand the position of the Dem-
ocratic party upon the question of the power of
a territorial people to exclude slavery while they
are yet under a territorial government. I do not
believe, Mr. Speaker, that there is a single gen-
tleman upon the Democratic aide of this* House
who can rise in his place, and in the face of the
country announce the opinion of the Democratic
party upon the point I iuive suggested, that will
command the acquiescence of his party now
present, both North and South. If there be any
such iniui who is willing to make the venture,
I would like to hear his definition, and will pause
to hear it.
Why, sir, what a spectacle is here presented
to the American people ! A party triumphing m
a presidential election, whose votes have not yet
beencounted according to the formsadopted under
the Constitution, and whose President is claim-
ing their victory as a triumph of.principle, yet
whose conduct in the election and in the canvass
cannot meet sucli an expose as has been made
here within the last five days! While the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] was speak-
ing the other day, the question was asked whether
the Democratic party was in favor of the doctrine
of squatter sovereignty ? It told upon that por-
tion of the House as though a twenty-fourpound
shot had fallen into a battalion. You could see its
effect. There was an agitation most perceptible
in the whole mass. One gentleman rose to his
feet, but sat down again without saying a word.
[Laughter.] No gentleman would come up to
the mark. The same thing is going on in the
Senate to-day. What is the doctrine of the party?
What are the principles which their victory has
established ?
First, you have the doctrine of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass]—the doc-
trine of popular sovereignty, as it is called—pro-
claimed as the principle and philosophy of the
Democratic party at issue in the late presidential
contest. My friend from South Carolina [Mr.
I\eitt] delivered a speech in 1 his Hall yesterday
against that principle and philosophy. The gen-
tleman inveighed in most eloquent-terms against
"squatter sovereignty;" yet the Senator from
Michigan and.the gentleman from South Carolina
are both national Democrats.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman allow me to
say, that when he applies the term " national Dem- i
ocrat" to me 1 expressly repudiate that term,
because I hold the Constitution to be a treaty
between sovereign States, and that this Govern-
ment is not a nation.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The remark of the
gentleman only shows that there are among the
brightest lights of the Democratic party men who
are sectional Democrats. [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. That is the inference of my
friend from Kentucky. I am not sectional any
further than the Constitution makes me so. I
am a constitutional Democrat.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 stand corrected by
my friend from South Carolina, and I give him
the benefit of hisown definition. The gentleman
being a constitutional Democrat, I want to know
if the distinguished author of the doctrine yclept
"popular sovereignty" is an unconstitutional
Democrat ?
Mr. KEITT. With the permission of the mem-
ber from Kentucky I will answer the gentleman;
and as he makes the point, X will explain it as X
understand it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Will it come out of
my time ? If it will, 1 would rather the gentle-
man would take some other time.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yields the floor for explanation, it must
comc out of his own time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Well, sir, if the gen-
tleman will be brief, I will yield to him.
Mr. KEITT. I will answer the member from
Kentucky in very few words. 1 understand the
point to be made, that one portion of the Demo-
cratic party maintain the doctrine of squatter sov-
ereignty, and the other do not. One portion of
the party understand that neither the Congress
of the United States nor the Territorial Legisla-
ture have the right to prohibit slavery in a Ter-
ritory. Another portion of the party believes
that that right is given to the Territorial Legis-
lature. Now, sir, the extent of the constitutional
powers of the Territorial Legislature, under the
Nebraska bill, depends, they say, upon the judi-
cial construction of that bill. Well, sir, if the
Supreme Court decides that this power is not
conferred upon the Territorial Legislature, then
the northern portion of the Democratic party do
not claim the power, but are satisfied with the
decision. The Democratic party makes this a
judicial question. I shall, at a proper time, dis-
cuss this question myself.
Mr. Ii. MARSHALL. The answer throws
no new light on the subject. It is just such as
we have had for years past. Mr. Speaker, all I
ask of the Democratic party to-day is, that it
shall take position upon this subject, so that the
people of the North and the people of the South
can understand exactly where they are as a party.
If the Democratic party of the North are to come
before the people of the North, pending an elec-
tion, and at the hustings maintain that they are
better I''ree-SoiltTS than the Republicans them-
selves; and the Democratic party of the South is
to go before the southern people", and on the hust-
ings, as the gentleman from South Carolina did
yesterday, repudiate the doctrine of squatter sov-
ereignty, I want the American people distinctly
to understand it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man allow ine to ask him a single question ? I
will not say a word.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will yield to see the
gentleman aska question, without saying a single
word. [Great Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will not say a
word of comment. I ask the gentleman what
portion of the Democratic party have claimed
that they are better Free-Soilers than the Repub-
lican party ?
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky allow me to answer that question?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Well, sir, I d^gire to
submit some remarks myself upon this matter.
[Laughter. J
Mr. GROW. With the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, X will read a short
extract from a Buchanau paper published in my
district, which would answer directly the ques-
tion put by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. FLOREiNCE. What paper?
Mr. GROW. The Montrose Democrat, pub-
lished in Susquehanna county.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is notsound authority.
Mr. GROW. I read from the leading Buch-
anan paper of northern Pennsylvania, with Buch-
anan and Breckinridge at its head:
"If there exists such a thing.as a < slave power' in this
Republic, Mr. Grow has served it faithfully ; if there ars
miserable doughfaces in the American Congress, Mr. Grow
is ceitainly one of them. Not three months ago Mr.
Grow voted to plant slavery in free territory; the Democ-
racy repudiate him for the act. With all his violent
denunciation of slavery he lias voted to extend and
strengthen it. We defy him to -point to the Democrat guilty
of so mean and scurrilous an act."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. In answer to the ques-
tion which the gentleman from Tennessee has
Eropounded—and I suppose he propounded it for
is party—I will say that, without taking up the
time of the House by reading the extracts I have,
I will collate the evidence upon this subject and
publish it as a reply to his question, annexed to
my printed speech.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I allowed the
gentleman to interrupt me yesterday, and I only
want to say to him that I want the evidence pro-
duced here upon this floor, so that gentlemen can
contradict or answer it as gentlemen did yester-
day when questions were put to. me by a gentle-
man upon this floor.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will give the gentle-
man the benefit of some I have with me, and
will read first an extract from the speech of Mr.
Trumbull, of Illinois, m the Senate of the United
States, delivered this session. He said:
" You could not get the friends of Mr. Buchanan in Illi-
nois to discuss the question of the expansion of slavery.
They said that Kansas would be a free State; that it was
a libel on them when we cliaiged that the effect, the pur-
pose. the objcct of the lepeal of the Missouri compromise
was to open Kansas to slavery. They said : ' Slavery will
not go there ; Kansas will be a free State ;' and they dis-
cussed other questions, and were very lar Iroin discussing
this question of the expansion of slaverv."
Mr. ALLEN. I merely wish to say to the
gentleman that the witness is not good authority;
and that what he says is hot true.
* Mr. H. MARSHALL. I leave the question
of veracity where it belongs. I will now read
an extract from a speech made by Senator Fes-
senden, of Maine, at this session, also:
" In my State, it was said, over and over again, by the
leading men who advocated the election of Mr. Buchanan,
that there was no difference' between the two parties witli
reference to the extension of slavery over free territory.
They claimed to be as strong and as firm on that subject,
and m the desire to make Kansas a free State, as did the
Republicans of the State of Maine. So it was universally,
as far as I know anything about it, in the free States."
Mr. BURNETT. I would ask my colleague
if he does not know the fact that both the wit-
nesses he has introduced here, to establish the
charge against the Democratic party, are distin-
guished members of the Republican party, and
actcd with that party in the last campaign ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Certainly; and I ask
the gentleman if he means to say that distin-
guished members of the Republican party are not
competent witnesses to tell the truth?
Mr. BURNETT. I regard them as competent
to tell the truth; but when they are introduced
here by a southern man to make an assault upon
the Democratic party—which was the only party
in the presidential campaign which stood by the
Constitution as it was, and for the rights of the
States as-they were—I doubt the credibility of
such witnesses.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. My reply is, that
there is precious little material in this House of
the Democratic party from the North upon which
to call for evidence; and standing, as I do, aloof
from both the Democratic and the Republican
parties, and acknowledging, as I certainly do,
the individual capacity of gentlemen who are
invested here with the high trust of representa-
tion to state a fact truly, I would call upon them
to tell the truth upon a question of %t as soon
as I would upon a member of the Democratic
party, or a member of the American party.
But the point I am driving at is to ascertain
what the course of the Democratic party of the
North was in the recent canvass. Wo have here
a statement from the Senator from Illinois as to
the course of the Democratic party in that State
upon the proposition of what we call squatter
sovereignty. I understand the statement of the
Representative from Illinois [Mr. Allen] to be a
flat contradiction. Now, I would like to know
of the gentleman from Illinois whether the Demo-
cratic party of the State of Illinois accords with
or denounces the doctrine of squatter sovereignty
as stated by General Cass? Answer yes or no.
