102
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
December 11,
Clay. 1 would be as far from voting to-day to
extend slavery into a Territory as I would from
prohibiting it. I am neither an Abolitionist on
the one side, nor a slavery propagandist upon the
other. I want the constitutional rights of Amer-
ican citizens preserved. When the members of
the Republican party say to me, "We believe we
have the power to prevent slavery from going
into a TerritoryI ask them whence they derive
that power ? " They must derive it from the Con-
stitution, either in its express grant, or in the
irresistible inferences and necessary implications
from the grants. A citation was made by the
Senator from Illinois, to whom I have referred,
to prove the existence of this congressional power,
but the decision of Chief Justice Marshall does
not sustain the position of the Senator. I have
brought the case into this Hall this morning in
order to show from it that the decision falls far
short of the proposition that Congress possesses
the right to exclude slavery from a Territory.
The decision referred to is in the case of Canter
vs. the American Insurance Company, and is con-
tained in the first volume of Peters's Reports. It
asserts the right of Congress to acquire a terri-
tory, as deduciblo from the war power and the
treaty-making power. It asserts the right of
Congress to govern the Territory from necessity,
constitutional grant, and possession of jurisdic-
tion. I subscribe to all that. I assert that no
other power except Congress has the right to
govern a Territory—that the people of a Terri-
tory have no right to govern it, except as the
right is conceded to them hy Congress. I may
be asked, "Do you not believe that Congress
has the right to exclude slavery?" No, sir, I
do not believe it; for the reason that Congress, in
the exercise of its right to govern, cannot exceed
the powers which belong to, and.make up the
essence of its own being. It has not original
sovereignty, nor has the Government, of which
it is a part. Congress is nothing at all except an
instrumentality which has been devised by the
original sovereign power in order to effect the
objects stated in the preamble to the Constitu-
tion. Where does ultimate original sovereign
power rest, so far as this Government is con-
cerned ? In the States and in the people. What
is^ not given in the distribution of power con-
tained in ihe Constitution, is reserved by the Con-
stitution itself to the States and to the people.
Such is the language of the instrument. The
power to acquire is one thing, and the power to
govern may result from it; yet the extent of the
government must be limited by the power which
exists in the nature of the being who governs.
The Government of the United States has the
power to govern, but it cannot govern outside of
those powers with which it is itself endowed;
and it has not the power to touch the domestic
relations. It has no more power to touch those
relations in a Territory than it has to touch them
in a State.
But what is the condition of the citizen of a
Territory? Sir, he has no political rights. That
is the language of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. Men talk about the right of popular
sovereignty, and the right of self-government.
The Supreme Court have decided, in this very
case, that in a Territory a settler has no share in
the government, except as it may be conceded to
him by this Government; and that he has no means
of self-government until he comes to adopt a State
constitution.
Mark the_ language of the Court. Speaking
of the condition of the people of the Territory of
Florida, who were, by treaty, to be admitted to
the enjoyment of the immunities, privileges, and
rights of citizens of the United States, Chief
Justice Marshall says:
"They do not, however, participate in political power;
they do not share in the government till Florida shall
become a State. Jn the mean tune Florida continues a
Territory ot the United States, governed by virtue of that
clause in the Constitution which empowers Congress 1 to
make alt needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory and other property belonging to the United States.'
Perhaps the power of governing a Territory belonging to
the United States, which has not, by becoming a State,
acquired the means of self-government, may result, neces-
sarily, from the tact, that it is not within the jurisdiction
of any particular State, and is within the power and juris-
diction of the United States. The right to govern may be
the inevitable consequence of the right to acquire. Which-
ever may be the source whence the power is derived, the
possession of it is unquestioned."
There the Supreme Court points out distinctly
how the people of aTerritory can acquire the means
of governing themselves. It is by becoming a'State,
and until that time they have no means of self-
government. I acknowledge the people as the
first source of political power; I acknowledge
man's capacity for self-government; but I assert,
at the same time, that these principles do not
authorize, justify, or vindicate the usurpation of
" squatter sovereignty" in a Territory belonging
to the United States. Upon such a Territory the
principles which are of the essence of our Gov-
ernment must prevail, and the distinctions and
limitations which characterize this Government
must have force and sway. They who assert
squatter sovereignty under this inherent right
of man to self-government, seem to forget our
origin. Such an idea is false to our history,and
leads to a misconception of the powers both of
man as the individual, and men as the Govern-
ment. We are '• distinct as the billows, but one
as the sea." We were confederated as people in
States, before this Government had an existence,
and we acted as people in States in giving it exist-
ence. The Constitution commences with " We,
the people of the United States;" but in the
arrangement of its grants, the idea is preserved
of States and a people acting in States, instead
of the idea of an American people as a nation.
To understand our Constitution this distinction
must bo always in view. To assert that man as
an individual may, on territory of the United
States, assume power independent of the rights
and duties and liabilities of this Government, is
to trench upon that separate existence our people
maintain in States, and that limited character
which appertains to this Government.
Now, my party—the American party—in the
election which has just past, took middle ground,
refusing upon the one side the views of theTjopub-
licans, and 011 the other this doctrine of squatter
sovereignty, which leads to the same result.
We stood on the compromises of 1850. You
never heard of any talking amongst us—any doubt
where we stood on this question. The Wilmot
proviso was primarily the principle repudiated
m 1850 as an ingredient of legislation. The
guarantee to the people of a Territory of freedom
in their choice as to slave or free institutions,
when then adopted a State, constitution, was the first
principle asserted 111 the territorial bills of 1850,
and the right of choice was limited to citizens of
the United States. There we stood heretofore.
There we will stand or fall.
Mr. CLINGMAN. When the gentleman
from Kentucky asserts that Congress has the
power to protect slavery in the Territories, but
no power to establish or to exclude it, does lie
also speak for the gentleman from the Buffalo
district of New York, [Mr. Haven',] who belongs
to the same party that ho does ? "He says they
all agree.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I think it is rather a
strong game fur the gentleman from North Car-
olina to ask me to answer in reference to the
sentiments of a gentleman from New York who
is upon the floor now, and not ten feet distant
from my interrogator.
_ Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman took it on
himself to say that the members of his party field
the same opinion on this subject.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The gentleman will
easily comprehend me if he will listen.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does Mr. Fillmore, the
gentleman's candidate for the Presidency, a°ree
with him on this question ? 0
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The leading principle
of the compromise measures, I repeat, was the
repudiation of the application of the Wilmot
proviso. Mr. Fillmore agreed to that. He in-
fluenced and sanctioned the compromises of
1850, to the obtention of which the gentleman
knows the repudiation of that principle was a
condition precedent. Mr. Fillmore took his
stand before the country upon those compromises.
Ho said that they wcje the indices of his views
on this question; and they were so considered tey
his party.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Did not General Cass
also support those compromise measures; and
does he not stand on them ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Let Mr. Fillmore and
General Cass define their own positions. Mr.
Fillmore came into the contest of 1856 with the
declaration in his mouth, that he stood on the
compromises of 1850, and he referred to his ad-
ministration as the guide and model of what
might be expected from him in the future.
General Cass said that he stood on the princi-
ples of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and at Phila-
delphia, immediately after Mr. Buchanan's nom-
ination, in the presence of a multitude, he de-
fined it to be the right of the people of the Ter-
ritories to govern themselves, pending their
territorial form of government. Does the gen-
tleman indorse that doctrinc ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man with great pleasure, if he will give me the
time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I have but little time
left to myself. The American party in the recent
presidential struggle supported Mr. Fillmore, on
the ground that while they are not in favor of
slavery propagandism on the one hand, they do
not favor slavery exclusion from the Territories
through congressional instrumentality on the
other. That is the ground they occupied, and
which they still occupy. Such being the case,
they hold principles in antagonism to those of the
Republican party, and in antagonism to those of
the doctrine of squatter sovereignty.
I have heard Democrats say that they take the
Kansas-Nebraska bill as it is; that it is like the
Bible, which opens the way to salvation, and
everybody has the right to construe it as he
pleases. Such is the peculiar facility in the Dem-
ocratic party. They assail a man at one time,
and take him into its embrace at another, without
any change of his principles. Look at the Van
Burrms. A year ago a Democrat would have
contented himself with the cynical declaration so
characteristic of the party, " I do not recognize
them;" but now they are in full feather as Demo-
crats. They go before the people, and take the
Kansas-Nebraska bill because it indorses, justi-
fies, and establishes squatter sovereignty, and
they say that is the reason they uphold it. My
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Smith] goes on the
stump with one of them, and finds nothing in his
speech but pure Democracy. [Laughter.]
I was one of the men who pledged themselves,
in a manifesto, to stand by the compromise
measures of 1850. I intend to stand or fall by
those measures. I hold the principle of congres-
sional non-intervention in the establishment of
the social institutions of a Territory to lie at the
foundation of our system; and I do not under-
stand that the Kansas bill, with the squatter-sov-
ereignty construction, carries out that principle.
I warn gentlemen to determine whether the squat-
ter-sovereignty doctrine is a part of the Demo-
cratic platform before they drink deep at the
Pierian spring. All I want is that we of the
slaveholding States shall in the future understand
where we are. I believe that Congress has the
right to govern the Territories, but that the ex-
tent of the exercise of the power must be limited
to the sphere in which this Government itself has
power conferred upon it, and to the objects for
which it was itself instituted. I believe that the
political power of the people of the Territories
must be derived from Congress, and that they
can exercise no political power but that which is
conceded by Congress, until they form a State
constitution. I believe that Congress has no
right to circumscribe, or exclude, or establish
slavery in a Territory. I answer my friend from
Mississippi, that the case of California was one
in which Congress failed to perform its duty of
giving a civic government to a Territory, and her
people exerted a power which did not belong to
them except as a revolutionary power; but it was
exerted to form a republican State, and Congress
admitted her, and thus sanctioned the exercisc
of a power by her people because they had the
necessary population, and had done what ulti-
mately they might have done legitimately, and
because we thought it was better to let her in,
even though she approached the temple irregu-
larly, than to attempt to force her back to a pro-
vincial existence; and lastly, her admission was
one of a series of measures which promised to
compose a disturbance of the Union, which was
the paramount desire of the men of that day.
I have tried, sir, to ascertain what the position
of the Democratic party is on a question that is
vital to the safety and equality of the South, and
if I have failed, the people will see the cause 
[The hammer fell.]
