1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
Mr. ORR. I had not intended to have partici-
pated in this debate, at least until the message
of the President had been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed. This debate in the
House is unusual; and I, therefore, on the very
day on which it opened, voted to sustain the
demand for the previous question on the motion
to refer. I am only induced now to say anything,
in consequence of what has fallen from my dis-
tinguished friend from Kentucky, [Mr. H.Mar-
shall,] who has just taken his seat. Before I
commence, however, I would like to inquire of
my honorable friend from Kentucky whether, if
he had been a member of the last Congress, he
would have voted for the passage of the Kansas
and Nebraska bin?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Does the gentleman
want me to answer ?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will say this, in
reply to the question of the gentleman, so far as
the bill touches power over slavery—with the
southern construction of the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill I would have voted for it; with the
northern construction I would not have voted for
it.
Mr. OKR. Every gentleman who occupied a
seat in this Hall, when that bill came to be passed
upon, had to determine for himself what con-
struction it was susceptible of. Now, I desire to
know of the gentleman from Kentucky whether,
if he had then beenamemberof the House, what
construction he would have given it, and whether
upon that construction he would have voted for
or against it?  
Mr. H.MARSHALL. If the gentleman wants
me to construe the bill, I will do it.
Mr. ORR. I would like to have the gentleman
answer the question so as to make it intelligible.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I am like the Dem-
ocrats. It seems that I cannot make myself
intelligible. But I will explain. In my opinion,
the nineteenth clause, I believe it is, of the Ne-
braska bill contains a guarantee that the States
to be formed out of the Territory shall be admitted
with or without slavery, as the constitution of
such State shall itself determine. That I regard
as conclusive and sufficient on the subject.
In regard to the proviso contained in the thirty-
second section, if I had been here I should have
done as the gentleman from Tennessee from the
Nashville district [Mr. Zollicoffer] did, and
as a good many other old Whigs did; I should
have construed that proviso as consistent with
the express guarantee in the nineteenth section,
and I therefore, with this construction, should
have voted for the bill. But when I find distin-
guished men of the Democratic party attempting
to give a subsequent construction to the bill, and
destroy the guarantee thus given by introducing
the new and dubious principle of squatter sov-
ereignty—I say, that if that is to be the construc-
tion of that bill, I place my foot right there, and
I am against the Nebraska bill.
Mr. OR.ll. The gentleman has not answered
my question yet.
Mr. H. MARSHALL Then I cannot.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will answer
my question, either one way or the other. It is
a matter of no consequence, so far as the point at
which 1 wish to arrive is concerned, what con-
structions may have subsequently been given.
Every member of the House, at the time of the
passage of the Nebraska bill, construed it for
himself; and I ask the gentleman from Kentucky
whether, with the construction he would have
given it, he would have voted for it?
Air. K. MARSHALL. If it does not carry
with it the power of the people of the Territories
to exclude slavery before the time for their ad-
mission as States, I would have voted for the bill.
If it does, I would have voted against it; and I
should have ascertained certainly which ground
was taken before I voted.
Mr ORR. The gentleman from Kentucky has
ability and experience enough to know, that
when he, as a member of this House, casts a vote,
he does it according to the convictions of his own
judgment and conscience, and not from the con-
| Would the gentleman vote now to repeal the
! Nebraska bill ?
! Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will answer the gen-
j tleman in this way: guided by the attempts that
; are being made by the northern Democracy to
] construe the bill one way, and of the extreme
j southern Democracy to construe the bill in the
( opposite direction, if the question were to arise,
I I would vote to repeal that clause of the bill upon
i which the difference of opinion arises,
j Mr. ORR. Would the gentleman vote to repeal
| only that clause ?
; Mr. H. MARSHALL. Only that clause, so
i far as this question is touched. There are other
j clauses to which I am opposed, and always have
j been.
! Mr. ORR. Do I understand the gentleman,
| then, to say that, if he had been a member of the
j House during the last Congress, with the con-
[ struction given by himself to the Nebraska bill,
j he should have voted for it as it was then framed
j and presented ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I have already said,
that if I had construed it as southern Democrats
and southern Whigs construed it, I should have
voted for it; but if I had dreamed of the construc-
tion which has been given it by northern Demo-
crats, I should have voted against it.
Mr. ORR. Then I understand the position of
the gentleman from Kentucky to be this; in con-
struing the Nebraska bill as his own judgment
would have dictated, he should have voted for
j it; but knowing as lie now does that there are
, others who construe it differently, he should vote
! against it.
! Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire not to be
] misunderstood, and I therefore say to my friend
1 from South Carolina, that what the bill means
of course depends upon the construction of the
; bill.
1 Mr. ORR. Exactly.
| Mr. H. MARSHALL. Now if you who
| passed the bill intend to say that the bill, as
j passed, contains—no matter how—the doctrine
I of squatter sovereignty, then I say I am against it.
| Mr. ORR. The bill does not refer the matter
of its construction to the Democratic party at all.
It refers for its construction in all its parts to the
courts, the proper tribunal for that object; and I
will not be driven from my interpretation of the
bill because another man, or set of men, choose
to construe it differently. I will wait the decision
of the courts before I will come forward and dis-
trust the constitutional conclusions to which I
have come with reference to it.
Mr. H. MxVRSIIALL. A single remark. I
do not feel disposed to visit any censure on those
in Congress who voted for the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill. If I had construed it as my friend
from South Carolina I presume construed it, I
should have voted the same way. But that is a
very different question from the matter which is
now presented. The party with which the gen-
tleman acts, by their Cincinnati platform, put
forth to the world, as the philosophy of the Ne-
braska bill, and as the doctrine upon which they
were to go into the canvass, a particular construc-
tion of that bill; and that construction, as stated
by northern Democrats, sanctions squatter sover-
eignty—so say the most distinguished members
of the northern section. I do not censure those
r who voted for the bill, but I denounce it when
gentlemen make it, with that construction, part
of their future creed.
Mr. ORR. The extent to which the Cincin-
nati platform goes, as I understand it, is simply
this: it does not attempt to construe the Nebraska
bill at all. It announces, as a principle of the
Democratic party, that when the population of
a Territory is sufficient to entitle it to admission
into the Union, it shall come either with or with-
out slavery, as the people themselves shall de-
termine. It docs not attempt to construe the
Nebraska bill at all.
The gentleman from Kentucky during the last j;
session of Congress was on more than one ocea- IJ
sion very industriously and assiduously occupied j:
in endeavoring to produce confusion and distrac- i
tion in the ranks of the Democratic party. He r
was occupied with the effort to convince the
structions which subsequent Congresses and sub- j| country that the Democratic party was not stand-
sequent parties may give to the measure under |! ing upon principle; and hence, when our distin- j;
consideration. But I will put the question to the j; gmshed friend from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] j
gentleman from Kentucky in another form, ii was nominated by the Democratic party in this 1
House as their candidate for the Speakership,
the gentleman from Kentucky tried in various
ways to identify him with a construction which
he knew would be unpopular with many Demo-
crats, and hence produce discord. He failed then
to accomplish the result, and now renews the
effort against the entire party, to weaken it North
and South.
Now, I desire the gentleman to understand
that the Democratic party, North or South, do
not attach the importance to this issue on squat-
ter sovereignty which he seems to attach to it by
the attempts he has made to magnify it as the chief
feature of the Nebraska-Kansas bill. The great
object sought to be accomplished in the introduc-
tion and passage of that bill was this: the continual
agitation of the slavery question upon the floors
of Congress had produced discord and dissention
here; it had alienated the different portions of
the Confederacy from each other, and was threat-
ening the existence of the Government itself, and
hence it was thought best by a majority of the
members of the Congress in 1854, to transfer as
far as possible this agitation from the Halls of
Congress to the Territories themselves. Hence
the great and leading feature in that bill was to
transfer the legislation and power of Congress on
the slavery, and all other subjects, to the Territo-
rial Legislatures, and let the popular will there
shape and form the laws for their own govern-
ment without restriction, save the proviso that
such legislation should be consistent with the
Constitution and general laws of the United
States.
This was the great idea in the legislation of
1854, and it has been indorsed in the late election
by the people.
Now, I admit that there is a difference of opin-
ion amongst Democrats as to whether this feature
of squatter sovereignty be in the bill or not. But
the great point upon which the Democratic party
at Cincinnati rested was, that the government of
the Territories had been transferred from Con-
gress, and, carrying out the spirit and genius of
our institutions, had been given to the people of
the Territories. I am one of those who do not
believe in the doctrine of sqatter sovereignty. I
do not believe that the Kansas-Nebraska bill estab-
lishes or recognizes squatter sovereignty within
the limits of the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska; and the process of reasoning by which
I reach that result is, that I see no authority in
the Constitution of the United States which au-
thorizes Congress to pass the Wilmot proviso or
any anti-slavery restrictions in the Territories;
and I do not apprehend how Congress, not having
the power itself, can cueate an authority and
invest a creature with greater power and authority
than it possesses itself. I know thej;e are other
gentlemen belonging to the Democratic party who
think thattheTerritorialLegislaturesare invested
with authority to prohibit or introduce slavery
within the Territories.
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Smith]
the other day struck the true point m this con-
troversy, and it takes all the wind out of the
sails of my friend from Kentucky, and leave?
him high and dry upon land; and I invite his
attention to the statements and arguments in
reference to it.
I say, although I deny that squattersovereignty
exists in the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
by virtue of this bill, it is a matter practically of
little consequence whether it does or not; and I
think I shall be able to satisfy the gentleman of
that. The gentleman knows that, in every slave-
holding community of this Union, we have local
legislation and local police regulations appertain-
ing to that institution, without which the institu-
tion would not only be valueless, but a curse to
the community. Without them the slaveholder
could not enforce his rights when invaded by
others; and if you had no local legislation for the
purpose ofgiving protection , the institution would
be of no value. I can appeal-to every gentleman
upon this floor who represents a slaveholdmg
constituency, to attest the truth of what 1 have
stated upon that point. . .
Now, the legislative authority of a Territory is
invested with a discretion to vote for or against
laws. We think they ought to pass laws m every
Territory, when the Territory is open to settle-
ment, and slaveholder:?go there, to protect slave
property. But if they decline to pass such laws,
