1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
kept it up in this Hall session after session; and
that to that party is attributable the constant fer-
ment and ill-feeling between the North and the
South on this question.
I have been here for six sessions, including the
present, and it is due to the truth of history to
say, that at the opening of each session the elder
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] has been
the first, on almost every occasion, to introduce
this subject into the debates of the House. He
has made regular annual speeches upon the Pres-
ident's message, at each one of these sessions,
if I am not greatly mistaken, and has undertaken
to give his views very much at length in each and
all of those speeches, upon the slavery question,
and the final disposition which, in his opinion,
was to be made of it.
"When the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Bennett,] on yesterday, had read at the Clerk's
desk a paragraph purporting to have been ex-
tracted from a speech of the gentleman from
Ohio, he was asked whether he ever uttered those
or similar sentiments in this Hall in debate. I
understood him to say, not that he had never
uttered those sentiments, but that he had no
recollection of having uttered them.
I have here a published volume of the speeches
of the gentleman from Ohio, which I found in
the public library; and I propose to call attention
to two or three passages in several of those
speeches, for the purpose of showing that, if the
gentleman did not use the identical language em-
bodied in the extract then read, he has at least
uttered the same idea, and, in some instances,
the precise words. In his speech in this Hall
upon the 44 joint occupation of Oregon," pages
159, 160, I find the gentleman from Ohio reported
as saying:
" Last year, our southern friends expressed great anxiety
for ( Texas and the whole of Oregon.' They now see diffi-
culties before them; dangers piesent themselves to the
further pursuit of their plan of territorial aggrandizement.
They have suddenly callcd to mind the declaration of Brit-
ish statesmen, that * a war with the United States will be
a war of emancipation.5 They see m prospect the black
regiments of the British West India Islands landing among
them, and their slaves flocking to the enemy's standard.
Servile insurrections torment their imaginations; rapine,
blood, and murder dance before their affrighted visions.
They are now seen m every part of the Hall, calling on
Whigs and Democrats to save them from the dreadful con-
sequences of their own policy. Well, sir, I reply to them,
this is yo&ir policy, not ours; you have forced us into it
against our will and our utmost opposition ; you have pre-
pared the poisoned chalice, and we will press it to your lips
until you swallow the very dregs.
" X would not be understood as desiring a servile insur-
rection ; but I say to southern gentlemen that there are
hundreds of thousands of honest and patriotic men who
' will laugh at your calamity, and will mock when your fear
cometh.' If blood and massacre should maik the struggle
lor hbetty of tiiose who for ages have been oppressed and
degraded, my prayer to the God of Heaven shall be, that
justice, stern, unyielding justice, may be awarded to both
master and sUve. 1 desire that every human" being may
enjoy the lights with which the God of nature has endowed
him. If those lights can be regained by the down-trodden
tons of Afnca m our southern States, by quiet and peace-
ful mean5?, l hope, they Will pursue such peaceful measures.
But, if they cannot jegain their God-given rights by peace-
ful measures, I nevertheless hope they will legam them;
and, if blood be shod, I should certainly hope that it might
be the blood of those who stand between them and free-
dom, and not the blood of those who have long been robbed
of their wives and children, and ail they hold dear m life.*1
Here are passages in a spcech delivered many
years ago m this Hall, which embody every
exceptionable idea embraced in the exti act which
was read yesterday by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Bennett,] and about which the
recollection of the gentleman from Ohio was so
much at fault.
I find in this same book other references to
which I desire to call attention, for the purpose
of showing that these views have been again and
again repeated by the gentleman from Ohio. In
addressing his prayers to the Throne of Grace,
as he says he has repeatedly done, he has never
asked God to avert the calamity of a servile in-
surrection from his country, or save southern
men, their families and homes, from bloodshed,
rapine, and murder.
On the 453d page of this same bonk, in a speech
headed li Agitation of the Slave Question," the
gentleman said:
"The people of Boston did not see fit to interfere be-
tween the Admimstiationand the' negroes'of that city. In
the name ol humanity 1 thank them tor it, and assure them
and the country that those whom i lcpresent never will
interfere m such ca*e. The citizen who would do so would
\ e driven from decent society in northern Ohio. It is here,
on tins point, that 1 take issue with the supporters of this
law. That portion which commands me to assist in catch-
ing slaves is a flagrant usurpation of power, unauthorized
by the Constitution. My constituents hold that portion of
the law in detestation. They spurn and abhor it. 1 say, as
I have often said,' My constituents will not help you catch
your slaves.5 They will feed the hungry, clothe the naked,
and direct the wanderer on his way, and use every peace-
ful means to assist him to regain his God-given rights. If
you pursue your slave there, they will let you catch him, if
you can. If he defends himself against you, they will
rejoice. If you press him so hard that he is constrained
actually to slay you in self-defense, why, sir, they will look
on and submit with proper resignation. In such cases they
will carry out their peace principles by abstaining from all
interference."
Again, I read from the Congressional Globe
of 16th March, 1854, page 648, volume 28, part
1, where I find the gentleman reported thus:
" Sir, I would intimidate no one ; but I tell you jhere is
a spirit in the North which will set at defiance all the low
and unworthy machinations of this Executive, and of the
minions of its power. When the contest shall come; when
the thunder shall roll, and the lightning flash; when the
slaves shall rise m the South ; when, in imitation of the
Cuban bondmen, the southern slaves of the South shall
feel that they are men; when they feel the stirring emouons
of iramoitality, and recognize the stirnng truth that they
are men, and entitled to the rights which God has bestowed
upon them; when the slaves shall feel that, and when
masters shall turn pale and tremble, when their dwellings
shall smoke, and dismay sit on each countenance; then,
sir, I do not say,' We will laugh at your calamity, and mock
when your fear cometh,' but 1 do say, when that tim'e shall
coine, the lovers of our race will stand forth and exert the
legitimate power? of this Government for freedom. We
shall then have constitutional power to act for the good of
our country, and do justice to the slave."
When gentlemen upon the other side say that
they never intend io interfere with it in the States,
I call their attention to this declaration, and ask
what it means, if it does not mean direct inter-
ference with slavery wherever it exists?
" Then will we strike off the shackles from the limbs of
the slaves. That will be a period when this Government
will have power to act between slavery and freedom, and
when it can make peace by giving freedom to the slaves.
And let me tell yon, Air. Speaker, that that time hastens.
It is rolling forward. The President is exerting a power
that will hasten it, though not intended by him. I hail it as
I do the approaching dawn of that political and moral mil-
lennium which I am well assured will come upon the
world."
I call attention to these extracts from his
speeches for the purpose of showing that these
assaults upon southern institutions and southern
men have been made by the gentleman from Ohio,
and those -who belong to his party, year after
year, for a long series of years; and that, so far
as their opinions and their power could have
influence, they have not hesitated to use that
influence and power in discussions upon this
floor and elsewhere, with a view of bringing about
the evils and the woes pictured in these remarks.
They talk about knocking oil* the chains from the
limbs of the slave. To what slaves do they refer?
Anywhere else than in the limits of the southern
States of this Union? Anywhere else than in
those portions of the southern States which have
been ceded to the Federal Government, either for
local purposes in this District, or for local pur-
poses connected with navy-yards and dock-yards,
to enable this Government to be carried on?
Where else are these slaves to be found ? The
conclusion is irresistible, that they mean to inter-
fere with it in the States, and that such has been
their settled purpose for long years past.
Then I call upon the younger gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who told us that he be-
longed to the consmativt party of the country,
that he stood upon the platform of the compro-
mise measures of 1850, and that he was willing
to stand there still, to explain how it is that lie
is at this time in party association and political
communion with the senior member from his own
State, [Mr. GiDDraGb?]
Mr. SHERMAN. Before answering that ques-
tion, 1 will ask the gentleman whether he ap-
proves of the recent message of Governor Adams,
of South Carolina ?
MnLETCHER. I do not; butthathas nothing
to do with my question, or the subject I am dis-
cussing.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the gentleman quotes
the language of a particular member, able to de-
fend himself, let him not attribute that language
to a party. Let him make his language personal
to the gentleman referred to, and not to a party.
I might as well condemn the party which Gov-
ernor Adams supports because of his language.
I might as well condemn the party to which the
gentleman from Virginia belongs for Governor
'Adams's language, as he condemn the Repub-
lican party for the language of the senior member
from Ohio.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman speaks of Gov-
ernor Adams as a representative of the Demo-
cratic party. I would state, for the information
of the gentleman, that Governor Adams repu-
diates the character of a national Democrat. He
was opposed to the State of South Carolina being
represented in the Democratic Convention.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand thatGoverner
Adams supported Mr. Buchanan. Governor
Adams bears the same relation to the Democratic
party, as a supporter of Mr. Buchanan, as any
member of the Republican party bears to Mr.
Fremont, by supporting the Republican party.
Mr. LETCHER, l desire to get the gentle-
man back to the point. He tells you he is a con-
servative man, and stands upon the compromise
measures of 1850, and yet he undertook to arraign
the President of the United States, in an anti-
slavery speech the other day, for introducing this
controversy into the House. He tells you that
all was quiet, that there was no agitation or excite-
ment until the President of the United States by
his conduct gave organization, form, and body
to the Republican party of the North.
Now, sir, let me call the attention of the gen-
tleman to a historical fact. 1 came to Congress
in December, 1851; and during the first session
of my service in this body a couple of gentlemen
from the State of Georgia (Messrs. Hillyer and
Jackson) introduced resolutions indorsing the
compromise measures as passed at the previous
Congress. I ask the gentleman from Ohio if he
is not cognizant of the fact, that the party of the
North with which he then actcd—those who then
professed to be conservative, and now complain
that they have been driven by stress of circum-
stances into the Republican organization, did not,
to the number of seventy or eighty, vote against
the finality of those compromise measures of
1850, and repudiate their binding obligation as a
settlement of the slavery question ?
• Mr. SHERMAN. In the conventions which
represented both of the old political organizations
the compromise measures of 1650 were declared
to be a finality upon this question. Those meas-
ures were acquiesced in by nineteen twentieths
of the people of Ohio by their political organ-
izations. The Whig party and the Democratic
party in Ohio numbered ten times as many as
the party which supported John P. Hale. And
I say again, had it not been for the disturbance
of this question m 1854, such a thing as agitation
of the slavery question could not possibly come
from the northern States, or ary considerable
portion of them.
Mr. LETCHER. If the Whig party of the
State of Ohio, to which the gentleman then be-
longed, acquiesced in the compromise measures
of 1850, will he be good enough to state how they
happened to send Mr. Wade to the Senate of "the
United States ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think he was sent in 1850.
Mr. LETCHER. He has been reelected since,
and was sent by the party of which the gentle-
man is a member.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Wade was elected to
the United States Senate in 1849 as a Whig, and
that was before the compromise measures of
1850. Hehasbeen since reelected as a Republican.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ohio
tells us that he indorsed the compromise pleasures
of 1850. Now those measures repudiated the
Wilmot proviso. Did the gentleman indorse
them with that understanding?
Mr. SHERMAN. I indorsed the sentiment
which I understood to be at the basis of those
measures, and that was, that the question of
slavery was settled in every State and Territory
beyond the danger of interference.
Mr. LETCHER. Then gentlemen indorsed
the compromise measures of 1850, so far as
they met their approbation, and rejected them
where they did not square up with their peculiar
i notions. Now, the gentleman says that the JXe-
; publican organization has been always opposed
I' to any interference with the rights of the master
!' to his slaves in the States; but, when I call on
li him to explain the sentiments of his senior col-
I league, he tells me that he is not responsible tor
I those sentiments, and that I have no right to
! Call on him to explain his political connection
i! with him. I understand that he and his colleague
