106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
both stand upon the Philadelphia Republican plat-
form, and indorse its principles and policy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman 
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentleman stand
upon that platform and indorse its principles ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I stand upon the Philadel-
phia platform, which alleges that Congress has
the power, and that it is its duty, to prohibit the
extension of slavery to the Territories of the
United States.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that the gen-
tleman's colleague [Mr. Giddings] aided in con-
structing the platform upon which the gentleman
stands, and upon which the Republican party m
the North have taken their position. The gen-
tleman now repudiates him, but clings to the plat-
form which he aided to construct. Let me ask
hira whether he holds Mr. Seward to be a sound
Republican, standing fairly on the platform, and
maintaining its principles and policy? Docs he
indorse the sentiments of Messrs. Seward and
Wilson on the subject of slavery, as they have
been repeatedly declared?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can best answer the gen-
tleman by asking him a question. Have the
peculiar sentiments of my colleague been put into
the Republican platform? If they have not, I am
not responsible (or tliem; if they have, I am.
Mr. LETCHER. I will not occupy the time
of the House by reading the Republican plat-
form. 1 may perhaps incorporate it into my
speech. Tile gentleman, instead of answering my
question, returns to his colleague. 1 ask him
whether Mr. Seward is not in full communion
with the party to which he belongs; and whether
his doctrines are not recognized to be those of that
party ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They are no more the doc-
trines of the Republican party, as I understand
it, than those of Governor Adams, of South Car-
olina, are those of the Democratic party. So with
Van ljuren and others.
Mr. LETCHER. I learn that the Governor
of South Carolina, so far from being a Democrat,
and acting in connection with the Democratic
party, and approving its principles and measures,
would not acknowledge any connection with it,
and opposed Ihe platform upon which our candi-
dates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency
were electcd.
Mr. OUR. He was a Whig in 1840.
Mr. LETCHER. The senior gentleman, re-
pudiated by his colleague from Ohio, was in the
convention at Philadelphia which framed the
Republican platform, and nominated John C.
Fremont, and he stood shoulder to shoulder
with him during the late canvass. AVe did not
hear then that there was any disagreement be-
tween them in regcud 10 the platform or the prin-
ciples which lie at its foundation.
1 have called attention to this matter for the
pui'posc of showing that it has been part and !
parcel of the system of these gentlemen for years,
not only to war on the institution of slavery in
the District of Columbia and in the Territories,
but also to war against that institution in the
several States where it then and now exists. I
will read an extract from a speech made by Mr.
Seward at Cleveland, Ohio, in 1848.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was before the Re-
publican party existed.
Mr. LETCHER. But its present leaders were
born, and had a political existence and position at
that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman if it
would be a fair mode of argument for the enlight-
enment of the people, to notice the opinions of
all the Democrats who have voted with that party
from the foundation of the Government to the
present time, and to allege that the Democratic
party now holds sentiments which it has dis-
avowed ?
Mr. LETCHER. We can better settle the
question by reading the sentiments of Mr. Sew-
ard, and then ascertaining whether the gentleman
from Ohio will now indorse or repudiate them.
Mr. Seward says:
" Slavery can be limited to its present bounds; it can be
ameliorated. It can be, and it must be abolished, ami you
and I can and must do it."
Does the gentleman approve or disapprove
those sentiments ?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman will give
me the balance of his time, I will define the pre-
cise position which I occupy on the subject of
slavery.
Mr. LETCHER. That is rather an unreason-
able request. Let the gentleman answer the
question, and say whether he approves or disap-
proves of those sentiments thus proclaimed to the
country by Mr. Seward. ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot answer a ques-
tion of that kind yes or no; but I will state briefly
my opinions on the subject. But from what
book does the gentleman read ?
Mr. LETCHER. Prom a pamphlet copy of
the speech of Hon. R. W. Thompson, of In-
diana, delivered at Terre Haute, on the 11th day
of August, 1855. Do you deny what I have
read to be a true extract from Mr. Seward's
Cleveland speech ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Seward uses the fol-
lowing language in another place on the same
subject, and in the same speech, and I ask par-
ticular attention to the paragraph I shall shortly
read:
"Tlio task is as simple and easy as its consummation
will be beneficent, and its rewards glorious. It requires
to follow only ibis simple rule of action : To do everywhere,
and on cvciy occasion, what we can, and not to neglect or
refuse k> do what ue can, at any time, Irccauie at that precise
time ami on thai particular occasion we cannot do more.
Circumstances determine possibilities."
These men of the Republican party intend to
effect some purpose. They intend to control
this question in some way. They will relieve
their country of this evil (as they call it) in the
mode best calculated, in their judgment, to ac-
complish that result. It is exactly with political
organizations as it is with man. When he has
an object to attain, he bends all his energies to
reach it. Mr. Seward again says:
" Constitutions and taws can no moie ri.'C above the
viituo of the people than the limpid stieam can chmb above
its native spring. Inculcate the iove offieedom and the
equal u^litv of' man under the [menial roof; see to it
that they aie taught la the school*, and in the churches;
refonn your own code, extend a cordial welcome to the
fugitive who la\w his weaiv limbs at your door, and defend
him as you would yom paternal gods; correct jour own
erroi, that slai'cry has any vonstituHonal guarantee which
imi> not he released, and ou«kt not to be relinquished. Hay
to slavery, when it shows its bond, [that is, the compromise
of the Constitution,] and demands its pound of flesh, that
if it draws one drop of blood, 1 iff life shall pay the forfeit
&c. Do all thi.s, and inculcate all this, in'the spirit of
moderation and benevolence, and not of ictahation and
lanatice-in. and you will soon brin%thc parties of the countrxf
into an effertirc. a«(jui:5.sion uvon slavery. Whenever
the public mind shall will the abolition of slavery, the way
uill open for it. '
u J know that you will tell ine that this is all too slow.
Well, then, go faster, if you can, and I will go with you."
Will gentlemen tell nic that language like this,
uttered by a man universally admitted to be a
man of very fine intellectual ability—a man who
understands the force of language, perhaps, as
well as any man ill the country, does not war-
rant the charge,that the Republican party design
to interfere with slavery in the States? lie here
indicates the plans and views which he believes
his connection with the Republican party will
enable him to accomplish.
But I tell gentlemen that he is not the only one.
There is another gentleman, holding a high place
in the Republican party, who has uttered language
looking to the same result. I allude to Senator
Wilson, of Massachusetts. In his letter to Wen-
dell Phillips, he says:
" I hope, my dear sir, that we shall all strive to unite and
combine alt the friends of freedom ,* that we shall forget
each other's faults and shortcomings m the past, ami all !
labor to secuie that cooperation by which alone the slave
is to be emancipated, and the domination of his master !
broken. Let us rememhpr that more than three millions of '
bondmen, groaning under nameless woes, demand that we
shall cease to leproach each othei, and that we labor for
their deliverance."
This letter was written by Senator Wilson
on the 20th of June, 1855; and I call the atten- '
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
to the fact, that the Republican party was then
born, and that Mr. Wilson was a prominent
member of it. Again, in his Treinont Temple !
speech, delivered at Boston, he says: !
" Send it abroad on the wmgs of the wind that 1 am com- I
nutted, fully committed, committed to the fullest extent, m
faVOr Of IMMEDIATE AND UNCONDITIONAL ABOLITION OF 1
slavery, wherever it. exists under the authority of the Con- ''
stUutionof the United States.'' •!
This speech was made in the spring of 1855, ;j
shortly before his letter to Wendell Phillips, |!
from which I have just quoted. And I might i|
refer to language used by others now recognized ' j
as leading men in the Republican party, who
have proclaimed similar sentiments in several of
the States of this Union during the late exciting
contest. The language employed by them, if
I can understand the force of language, points
directly (if it means anything) to interference
with the institution of slavery wherever that in-
stitution exists—either in States or elsewhere.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will permit me, I desire to correct a state-
ment made by him in regard to the Whigs in
this House in 1851. The gentleman referred to
the votes of the Whigs of the House upon a cer-
tain resolution introduced by a gentleman from
Georgia, declaring the compromise measures of
1850 to be a finality upon the slavery question.
I was a member of that House, and voted
against that resolution; and I now desire to say
■what I said to members of the House then—I
could not say it publicly, the previous question
having been called upon it—that I was opposed
to some of the compromise measures of 1850. I
was opposed to the fugitive slave law in its de-
tails. I was opposed to giving Texas ten mil-
lions of dollars for lands to which she had just as
much right as she had to so many square miles
of moonshine. I believed that these measures
were ill-advised, but I had come to the conclu-
sion, before the adoption of those resolutions,
that it would be idle to attempt to modify or
repeal them. I believed that any such attempt
would result in nothing, and I had therefore de-
termined, so far as I was concerned, to present
no resolution and make no speech for reopening
I the slavery agitation before the country; but
i when 1 was asked to vote for resolutions which
required me to give security that I would not
speak upon the subject, I,regarded it as an insult,
j and I declined. I never contemplated agitation,
' because I regarded it as useless. If I were
i callcd upon now to vote upon the repeal of the
fugitive slave law, I should vote for its repeal,
j but I shall present no resolution upon the subject.
I shall make no motion in regard to it. But
these resolutions were offered when there was no
agitation. No resolutions had been introduced;
no petitions were offered. They were a mere
idle insult to those who were opposed to those
compromise measures, and I therefore voted
against them.
Mr. LETCHER. I recollect very well that
the gentleman from Ohio was a member of this
House at that time, and voted against those reso-
lutions, and, if I am not mistaken, the gentleman
was a member of what he then called the con-
servative Whig party.
Mr. STANTON. I always have been.
Mr. LETCHER. To what party does the
gentleman belong now ?
Mr. STANTON. To the great Republican
party of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the gentleman does
not profess now to belong to the Whig party,
and does not profess now to be a conservative
man. He has gone off -with a party which has
renewed agitation and strife at the very com-
mencement of this session upon the slavery ques-
tion, which, with a view to this end, has dis-
regarded the certificate of a Governor of a Terri-
tory showing that Whitfield was duly elected
a Delegate to this House, and has undertaken to
prevent him from taking his seat without even
giving him an opportunity of being heard. Then,
sir, conservatism is no longer a prominent feature
in the ranks of the party to which the gentleman
now belongs. They have gone out from their
old connections, and have gone into a new or-
ganization. The gentleman cannot—will not say,
that the Republican party is conservative.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to have the
gentleman give a definition of what he means by
conservatism,and then I will answer for the Re-
I publican party.
| Mr. LETCHER. I mean precisely what the
I gentleman means in the use he has made of the
; term. Let him define the conservatism which
he, as a member of the old Whig party, main-
tained: I mean precisely that sort of conserv-
atism.
And now, as the gentleman is in for asking
questions, and answering none, I want to try one
or two more to see whether a remnant of his con-
servatism yet remains. Will he be kind enough
to say whether, if he were assured that a bill to
