1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia could
pass the present Congress, and become a law, he
would vote for H ?
Mr. SHERMAN. When that question is
presented I will vote upon it as I think is right.
Mr. LETCHER. It is a little remarkable that
the constituents of sundry gentlemen from the
North should have sent so many here who have
no opinions.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the gentleman has
asked me a question, I will now ask him one.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, but you have not
answered,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have answered one ques-
tion by declining to answer; and I desire now to
see whether the gentleman will follow my exam-
ple by declining to answer one I will ask him.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not mean to be circum-
scribed in that way. I am perfectly willing to
reciprocate; but after I have answered half a
dozen of the gentleman's questions, and he
refuses to answer every one, it is rather too
much to turn around and interrogate me. It is
hardly worth while to ask him another question,
but 1 believe I will. I was aboutto ask the gen-
tleman whether he would vote to abolish slavery
in the States and Territories, if he were certain
that such a bill could be passed through Congress
and receivc the executive sanction? But I sup-
pose, as in the other case, he would have no
opinion upon the subject until the question shall
come up.
My friend from Ohio, in his speech the other
day, called attention to an article in the Pitts-
burg Post, and he read from it the following
paragraph:
u But in a very short time Nebraska, Kansas, New
Mexico, Utah, and Oregon will be leutlv for adim.—i<m as
free the North a preponderance it will ever
retain. Nehiaska will be divided into throe or four Suites."
While I could not see the application of that
extract, the gentleman accompanied it with the
remark that the •Pittsburg Post was a leading
Democratic paper in Pennsylvania, that had sup-
ported the election of Mr. Buchanan. I now
call attention to the article from which that ex-
tract was read, for the purpose of showing what
the position of this Democratic party journal is
upon the question of the acquisition of Cuba.
This paper is dated the 27th of November last,
and I quote nearly the entire article to show the
opinions of the editor on this question:
" We have said that the acquisition of Cuba would re-
duce the price of sugar. We repeat it. Let us see to what
extent this would operate. The largest amount of bu^rar
evei produced m Louisiana in one year was three hundied
and fifty thousand hogsheads. Allowing one thousand one
hundied pounds to the hogshead, the whole number of
pounds would be, say tluee hundred and eighty million.
The amount annually consumed in tins country is esti-
mated by good wnteis on the subject at seven hundred
million poiuidi. Wo would buy, then, three hundied and
tw.-nty nnli.on pound-* finin other countries, mainly from
Cuba. But thi> year it is supposed that the home product
will handy exceed oie hundred thousand hotheads, or
one hunched and ten million pounds. If the eonsumption
continue:* the same, we shall buy this year five hundred
and ninety million pounds. But we. will s-uppose the whole
consumption lot the year 1537 to be six hundied million
pounds, and we buy live hundred millions of it abioad.
Avei.r^nu the puce of all qualities, and taking pie-em cell-
ing rates, we may state the actual price of each pound to
the consumer at twelve cent:*. There is a dutv t.f thiriy
per cent, on sugar. This adds three and a half cents* to the
puce of each pound at the assumed rate. Tins would
amount mi all the foieign sugar bought, as above estimated,
to PIT.500,000, for the year 1857. But it adds, the taint; to
the price of the home product also, and thus makes
$21,000,000 as the increased cost of the article to all the
actual cojiMuuerf. Whether out figures are pieci-el> col-
lect or not, rhey equally well illustrate the pnncupte
Now, Cuba, Louisiana, and Texas can produce all the
pusnu this countiv will consume. JfCuba \va< a part of the
TTnitcd States, then the home product would supply The
entiie demand, and there would he no use in a duty tor
-protection at all. The duty would be taken off. and down
would come the price at once to the extent above shown,
thu-5 -a-vuic to consumers, in all, fioni fifteen to twemv
million dollars pei yeai. If we would pay Spam.^00,000,000,
then, for Ouln. the island would pay for itself m less than
fifteen \ ear*, in the single article of sugar alone.
Mr Kepoiter. since you cannot lefute the above
view ol the ca>«, youi only lecourse is to call n 5 gammon.
pio-'-Iavery," &e.. and try and find somebody silly enough
to behove you. That is jouronly chance.
•'.Vow foi the slavei y bianch of the subject. The Re-
porter admits that we ought to own Cuba, and that we will
have it -ome day. But it savs that we mu>t wait till Spam
aboh-bet slavery in the island. When the leopard changes
Ins spotv Spain will do that, and not till then. Now, pur-
chase Cuba, and make it a State of the Fiuon, and then
would follow at once an entiie suppression of the slave
tiad"toihe island. The infernal traffic cm never exist
undei American law ; a few fanatic dunccsm the South to
tnc ciMitiaiy notwithstanding. To make Cuba a State of
this Union would mitigate the evils of slavery m the island.
Jit Cuba, ae it i slavery is a far more ci uc-1 institution than i
is allowedm any American State. Kit of no account to our
neighbor to modify, mitigate an evil, if it cannot he imme-
diately eradicated r As to tn^ people of the inland who are
not slaves, they are oppressed and plundered by a tyran-
nical Government. To buy the island, and make it a State
of the Union, would be but to take tho&e people from the
grasp of a tyrant and give them, to themselves. Start the
piinciple of self-government there; let our enterpn&inj?
people mingle with them and develop the vast resources of
the island, and thus found a great arid prosperous island
State."
When the gentleman brought this paper here,
and read the paragraph quoted by me, I was
curious to see what was in it; and I was agree-
ably surprised to find such an article defending
the acquisition of Cuba by the United States,
and to find his positions so well sustained by
argument and illustration. Is there anything in
the article unsound—anything which southern
Democrats cannot endure?
Then, sir, if the Democrats of Pennsylvania
are for the acquisition of Cuba when it can be
properly and justly and fairly acquired, if they
are willing to take it with the institution of slavery,
subject it to the same control which exists over
that institution in our southern country, it
to me that there is nothing in that article which
can raise a difference of opinion between the
Democrats of that State ana the Democrats of
the South. :
I should be gratified if this exciting subject!
never could come into this Hall, and I regret
that it has been introduced here this session.
But, sir, our party did not introduce it. Tiic
discussion commenced by gentlemen of the Re- '
publican party in two well-considered speeches,
Sentiments were avowed in those and other '
speeches which we were not at liberty to pass by
in silence. Besides, when it is attempted to be
demonstrated that the South is responsible for the
introduction of this subject into the Halls of Con- ■
gross—when we are held up before the people of
the United States as those who have introduced
it, and who are seeking to keep up this agitation, '
Jtisas little as can be expected of us, that we |
should show where the fault lies. ;
In correcting the history of this agitation it was ,
important for us to go still further and show that ,
the South acted upon the defensive entirely, not i
only m this debate, but in the late presidential j
election. And when we were opposed by a'
party which rallied under a sectional flag, nom- >
mated a sectional candidate, and utged to secure \
that candidate's election by the votes of that par-'
ticu-Iar section of the country in and by which !
he was nominated, it was for us to show that >
there had been nothing in the past calculated to ,
justify this sectional organization or its fierce war i
upon us, and our rights and institutions; that
that party was the result of principles and views
which had been advanced again and again in this 1
Hall and out of it, by those recognized as leaders; '
that they had given thp world to understand that'
they were ready at the proper time, when the
public mind was prepared for it, so as to render
success in their opmoin certain, to make an assault
upon that institution wherever it \\\is located,
whether m the southern States or in the districts
of country ceded to the Federal Government for
local purposes, or m the Temtoues.
Having done this, and having, so far as my own
section is concerned, act that portion of history
before the country m its true light, I express my
obligation to this House for thp attention which
has been given to me, and yield the floor.
Mr. NICHOLS obtained the floor.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. 1 move that certain
amendments reported to the House to the bill
concerning the collection districts of the United
States, be ordered to, be printed, so that they may
be before gentlemen on Tuesday next, when the
bill will come up as the special order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are the amend- ;
ments in the nature of a substitute for the bill5 ,
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. They are not; they 1
are merely verbal. ,
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that :
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and '
nays. * j
j! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 withdraw
i; the motion.
II TRANSATLANTIC MAILS.
; Mr. BROOM. I ask leave to introduce foi
| reference a bill to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
j eral to contract for the transportation of the mails
j of the United States from New York to South-
; ampton and Havre.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
! Mr. BROOM. Then I give notice that I shall
j introduce such a bill at the earliest day it is in
| order for me to do so.
; WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. DOWDELL, it was
I Ordered. That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
, the files of the Court of Claims, of the m^monal and papers
, in the case of John R. Jefferson, m order that they may be
: presented in the Senate.
; On motion of Mr. DENVER, it was
] Ordered, That leave be granted for the witndrawa! from
; the file? ol the House of the petition and papers ol Stone &.
; Maiks, and that tUe same be referred to the Court of
1 Claims.
| INTRODUCTION OF BILLS,
i Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
i duced bills of the following titles; which were
: read a first and second time, and referred as indi-
; cated below:
! A bill to authorize the Secretary of "War to pay
i the volunteers called out into the service of the
; United States in the Territory of New Mexico-
; by order of tfrigadier General Garland, in the
year 1855. Referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
A bill to ascertain and settle the private land
; claims in the Territory of New Mexico. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
■ GRANTS OF LAND TO THE STATES.
!
Mr. CAR.LILE. I ask leave to introduce a
1 bill to equalize the grants of land to the several
i States.
• Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
! Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move the House do now
, adjourn.
| The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
; a quarter past three o'clock) adjourned until to-
! morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 12, 1856.
* The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
STANDING COMMITTEES —EXCUSES AND
APPOINTMENTS.
The SPEAKER stated that requests having
been made by two gentlemen to be excused from
service on committees, with the consent of the
House they would be considered as excused, and
others appointed to fill the vacancies.
No objection being made,
Mr. Allen' was excused from further service
on the Committee on Agriculture, and Mr. Emrie
appointed in his place; and Mr. Emrie was ex-
cused from further service on the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, and Mr. Alle^ was ap-
pointed to fill the vacancy.
Air. MATTESON asked to be excused from
further service on the Committee for the District
of Columbia. The question was taken, and the
request acceded to.
Mr. Dodi>, a member of the Committee for the
District of Columbia, was appointed to take Mr.
Mattcsox's place as chairman, and Mr. Wood-
worth was appointed to fill the vacancy.
TRANSATLANTIC MAILS.
Mr. BROOM, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
authorize the Postmaster General to contract for
the transportation of the mails of the United
States between New York and Southampton;
which was read a first and second lime by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Ilodds.
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution,
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated that the business firsS
