1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Mr. WALBRIDGE. He receives no compen-
sation from anybody unless he shall get it from
this Government.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does he give away
his instruments?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. He does not make the
instruments himself, and he has not sold his
patent to anybody. But I am not disposed to
discuss this question any further. The commit-
tee understands it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would not a motion to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill take
Erecedencc of the pending motion to amend, and
ring the committee to a vote at once?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is it in order to
offer an amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the amendment
now pending is disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The principle involved in
this bill is involved in some other measures now
pending before Congress, and it is well that we
should understand exactly what we are about to
do. Before we make any precedent, I hope the
House will make up their minds how far they
are willing to go. It is conceded that men em-
ployed in the Government surveys have bought
and used this Instrument. It has been of service
to them, and it has enabled the Government to
get its surveys done cheaper than they otherwise
could. It is alleged that the Government has
indirectly made use of it without paying for it.
Now, we are in the habit of clothing our Army
and Navy, and it is well known that, by4he inven-
tion of the power-loom and the spinning-jenny,
clothing is made cheaper than it could be without
them, and, as a consequence, the Government
clothes its Army and Navy cheaper. If we are
to vote this money, why should we not give
money to all those individuals who have made
inventions by reason of which the Government
clothes its Army and Navy cheaper?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
North Carolina will bear m mind that debate is
exhausted on the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and remarks are only in order
on an amendment offered thereto.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should have moved an
amendment. I move to strike out the enacting
clause. I was about to say that, inasmuch as we
have derived advantage from these improvements,
and also from the use of steamboats and railroads
in transporting our military stores, and inasmuch
aswehave to furnishagreatamount ofbreadstuffs
to our Army and Navy, and every improvement
of the plow and agricultural implements has made
those breadstulfs cheaper—I say, if the Govern-
ment is to pay money to this man for his inven-
tion, should it not also pay money to all the indi-
viduals who have made these other improvements5
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will re-
member that a motion to strike out the enacting
clause is not debatable.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, as I have indicated
my objection to this bill, 1 will proceed no further.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
the motion to strike out the enacting clause does
not take precedence of the pending amendment
under the operation of the rule closing debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it does.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule secuies
five minutes' debate upon every amendment; and
the motion to strike out the enacting clause is in
abeyance until wo get through offering amend-
ments, and discussing them under the five-minute
rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision which the
Chair has made is understood to be in direct ac-
cordance with the decision of the last Congress
upon the Kansas bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I offer the motion as a
test vote, of course, and I hope no gentleman
will vote for it unless he is opposed to the bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers; but
tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the committee agreed to strike out the
enacting clause.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the action of the committee
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Ready reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had, according
to order, had the Private Calendar generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
(No. 104) to enable the United States to use the
solar compass in the public surveys; and had
directed him to report the same to the House,
with the recommendation that the enacting clause
be stricken out.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the previous
question on the motion to strike out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Alien, Ball, Barksdale,
Hendley S. iiennett, lioyce, Branch, Brooks. Burnett,
Cadwaiader, Carhie, Caruthers, Coskie, Bayard Clarke,
Clingman, WjiJinmson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Crawford,
Cumback, Henry Winter Davi*, Timothy Davn, Dean,
Dodd, Dowdeil, Edie. Edmundson, English, Etheridge,
Evaus, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett,
Goode, Granger, Grow, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Harrison, Hickman, Hodee^, Hoffman, Hollovvay,
Thomas It. Horion, Valentine B. Hoiton. Houston. George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kid well, Knapp, Kun-
kel, Lake, Leiter, Le'cher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander
IC. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, McMullin,
McQueen, Smith Miller, MiJIson, Moore, Morrill, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Paine, Parker, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Prmgle, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud,
Rivers,Ruftin,Savage, Sliounan. Shorter, Simmons, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Talhott. Taylor, Tliur-ton, Todd,
Tnppe, TJmleiwood. Vail, Valk, Warner. Wheelei, Whit-
ney, WillMin-, Wmr-low, Daniel B. Wright. John V.
Wright and Zollie'-'licr—110
KAYS—Muxfrs. AUinght, Aih-on, Barbour, Henry Ben ,
nett, lienson, Bilhnghiir-t, Bradshaw, Brenton. Broom, 1
Buihnton, James II Campbell, ChalToe, Ezra Clark, :
Clawson, Conuns.Covodc, Cragm, Denver, De Witt, Dick, >|
Dickson,' Durtee, Flagler, Gilbert, Greenwood. Robert B. ,
Hall, Howard, Kel&ev, King. Knight, Knowlton, Knox, n
Matte^on, Millwaid, Morgan, Mott, Muiray, Pock. 1'olton, i
Pennington. Perry, Pettit, PikP, Pumance, Ritchie, Rob- >
bm«, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Seott, Tap pan, Thormctoii, i>
Wade, Wakemat], Walbndse, Waldron, Cadwaiader C.
Wa-:hlmi-n<\ Elhhu B. Washburne, Welch, Well*, Wood- \
ruff, and Woodworth—62. '
So the bill was laid upon the table. !j
Pending the call of the roil, |i
Mr. GREENWOOD stated that his colleague, jl
Mr. Rust, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to reconsider the ,
vote by which the bill was laid upon the table; '!
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider n
upon the table. j(
The latter motion was agreed to. |<
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF CONGRESS. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, by unanimous ,
consent, previous notice having been given, in- ,,
troduced a bill to regulate the disbursement of
the contingent expenses of Congress; which was ^
read a first and second time by its title, and re- 'i
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
GEORGE CASSEDAY.
Mr. BALL. Mr. Speaker, there is in the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, a bill for the relief of George Casse-
day, a constituent of mine. It is reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and has been
reported on favorably three or four times, but
has always cone so low down on the Calendar
as never to be reached. It is a ca^e to which
there can be no objection. Mr. Cashed ay was t
disabled from duty on his way to Mexico by a
fall from his horse. Captain Thornton so certi- 1
fied; but by reason of some informality in the
papers, Mr. Casseday has not been able to get
relief from the Department. Before the mior-
mahty could be corrected, Captain Thornton
died. This is the whole case. I move that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the further consideration of the ease, and
that it be put on its passage.
Mr. MoMULLlN. I object. There are other '
meritorious cases on the Private Calendar, and
let them all fare alike. One should not have pre-
cedence over the other. ^
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS. :
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, pre- ■
vious notice having been given, introduced bills ■
of the following titles; which were road a first :
and second tune, and refened to the Committee^
■ on Military Affairs: t
A bill for the relief of Richard B. Alexander,
late a major in the first Tennessee regiment in the
Mexican war; and
A biil for the relief of R. D. Gholson, late a
captain in the Mexican war.
KANSAS.
: ^ Mr. TAPPAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to declare inoperative and void the
! acts and proceedings of the body known as the
1 Territorial Legislature of Kansas.
| Mr. PHELPS. I object.
| Mr. STEPHENS. 1 move that the House do
; now adjourn.
| The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
a quarter to three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until
! Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
j IN SENATE,
i Monday, December 15, 1856.
| Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, of Illinois; Hon.
I Robert W. Johxsox, of Arkansas; and Hon.
j Johx B. Weller, of California, appeared in their
j seats to-day.
i Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The J ournal of Thursday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Nathan-
iel P. Swan, son and only heir of Thomas Swan,
praying for remuneration for his father's services
as an officer in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Atkins
Eldridge, owner of the fishing schooner Brilliant,
lost at "sea, praying to be allowed fishing bounty;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of John
W. Chevis and others, praying for the confirma-
tion of their titles to a certain tract of land in the
State of Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of San Francisco, California, praying for a
modification of the present postal system of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of Benjamin
Alvord, a paymaster in the Army, praying for
remuneration for losses sustained by him in the
wreck of the steamship Southerner, near Cape
Flattery, in Washington Territory, m the year
1854; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. 13RODIIEAD presented the memorial of
Abraham Kintzing, praying for further compen-
sation for the performance of duties appertaining;
to the office of assistant, appraiser for the port of
Philadelphia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Anthony
W. Bayaid, a soldier in the war of 1^12, pray-
1112: to be allowed arrears of pension; which was
rcftrred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mary Petery,
widow of Peter Petery, praying for compensa-
tion for the use of a wagon and team, and the
loss of a horse in the military service in the war
of 1S12; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. THOMSON, of New .Teisey. presented a
memorial of officers m the Navy, playing for an
increase of pay; which was referred to ihe Com-
mittee on Na\ai Affairs.
Mr. I-'ITZPATRIC fv presented a petition of
inspectors of customs for the port of Mobile,
Alabama, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. ,
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
George Chipman and others, in behalf of them-
selves and other clerks employed in the Executive
Department at Washington, praying for an in-
crease of compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance. . . .
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of citizens
of the District of Columbia, praying that an ex-
amination may be made by United States engi-
neers of obstructions to navigation m that poi ion
of the Potomac river in the District of Columbia,
and a plan reported for their removal; which was
1 referred to the Committee on Commerce.
