THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1856.
New Series....No. 8.
(resigned, or otherwise, as the case may be) during the
recess of the General Assembly of this State, I.
Governor of the State of Iowa, have therefore
thought fit to appoint to fill the vacancy.
" Given under my hand and .the great peal of the State of
Iowa, this — day of , one thousand eight hundred
and .
" Sec. 12. That the judges of the Supreme Court, and
all other officers lequired to be elected by joint vote of the
Generaf Assembly, shall be conducted according to the pro-
visions of this act, so far as the same may be applicable.
"Sec. 13. In the absence of other rules, the rules of
parliamentary practice, comprised in Jefferson's Manual,
shall govern the convention.
" Sec. 14. This act to take effect, and be in force, from
and after its publication in tiie weekly nevvspapeis printed
in Iowa City.
"Approved February Q3, 1847."
Published in the Reporter April 7, and in the
Standard April 14, 1847.
The question may arise whether this law may
not have been repealed when the laws of Iowa
were codified in the year 1851; hence I refer the
Senate to the repealing sections of the "Code of
Iowa," chapter 4, page 8.
The twenty-eighth and two succeeding sec-
tions provide that—
"28. All public and general acts passed prior to the pre-
sent session of the Geneial Assembly, and all public and ;
special acts, the subjects whereof are revised in this code, i
or wlnc-h are icpugnant to the provisions thereof, are 1
hereby repealed, subject to the limitations and with the |
exceptions herein expressed. |
"29. Local acts are not repealed, unless it be herein «o !
expressed, or unless the provisions of this code are repug-
nant thereto. . I
" 30. The existing actscontinue in force until the provis- '
ions of the code take effect upon them or their subjects J
respectively." j
Here it will be observed that the code enumer- |
ates three classes of laws: t{ all public and gen- !
eral acts passed prior to the present session of j
the General Assembly " which are repealed; " all j
public and special acts, the subjects whereof are '
revised m this code," which arc also repealed, '
and local laws. But this seems to be a (t public j
and special" act, the subject whereof has not ;
been revised in the code, and hence it must be :
supposed to have been continued in force. I
The next point that will naturally arise in an |
examination of this subject, will be whether the j
Legislature of Iowa, supposing that law to be in j
force, have complied with its provisions, and i
hence with the provisions of the Constitution of !
the United States. This may be determined by I
reference to the journal of the joint convention as !
recorded in the journal of the House of Reprc- j
sentatives and also of the Senate of that State. \
On page 49 of the Journal of the House I find i
the following: I
" Mr. Rogers offered the following : I
"Resolved, (the Senate eoncamnu,) That the House of \
Representatives will meet Hie Senate, m the Hall ct' the •
HoiNf, on Tuesday next, at two o'clock, p. m., for the pur- j
pose of electing a Senator of the Umted'States, and judges !
of the supieme couit. ' j
"On motion of Mr. Samuels, the resolution xvaa laid upon !
the table." 4 ;
On page 57 I find the following: \
"Mr. Russell moved to take the resolution fioiu the '
table, Offered by Mr. Rogers oil Saturday, in relation to a
joint convention of the two Houses for the election of a 1
United States Senator, and judges of the supreme court.
" Motion agreed to. 1
" Mr. Tracey moved to postpone the further consideration
of the subject until the 16th of January. * i
"Motion of Mr. Ttacey lost.
" Mr. Ronton ;t-ked a call of the House. j
" Call sustained. 1
tk Messrs. Borland, flvde, and Samuels, absent. 1
"On motion of Mr. Bon-on, further proceedings under i
the call weie dispensed with.
" Mi. Russell moved to amend the resolution taken fiorn. • *
the table, by binkmg out Tuesday, and insciting Friday. ;
" Motion agreed to, and resolution, as amended, adopted."
On page 61 I find the following: !
" Two o'clock, p.m.—Message fiom the Senate, by Mr. :
Rankin. their Secietaiy. "" i
"Mr. Speaker, 1 am instructed by the Senate to inform 1
the Rouse that the Senate ha-> confined m the IIou<e res- 1
ohmontogo into joint ballot on Friday, the loth mutant, !
for tiie purpo-e of electing a lTmted States Senator and
supieme judges, with the following amendment, viz: to
sttikc out the woids 'Fudav, the loth infant, at two
o'clock,* and insert fthis (Wednesday) evening, at two 1
and a half o'clock.5 "' ;
"Mi. Samuels moved that the House do concur in the i
amendment of the Senate. i
8
"Agreed.
" Tiie Chair appointed Messrs. Samuels and McFarland
a committee to inform the Senate that the House was in
waiting, and prepared to receive them in joint convention,
in pursuance of the resolution.
" The committee having performed their duty,
" The President and members of the Senate, preceded by
their Secretary and Sergeant-at Arms, entered the Hail of
the House of Representatives, and, having been duly an-
nounced, took the seats assigned them.
" joint convention* of the two houses.
" The President of the Senate acting as President of the
Convention, and the Clerk of the House acting as Secre-
tary,
" The President directed the roll of membeis of the con-
vention to be railed.
" Mr. Moigan, not answering to his name, was excused.
" On motion of Mr. Samuels, the convention proceeded
to the election of a United States Senator for six years from
and after the 4th day of March next.
" The President appointed Mr. Workman teller, on the
part of the Senate.
"The Speaker appointed Mr. Kmert teller, on the part of
the House.
" For the office of Senator:
"Mi. Samuels nominated Augustus C. Dodge, of Des
Moines county.
"Mr. fteal nominated E. W. Eastman, of Mahaska
county. *
"Mr. McCrary nominated James B. Howell, of Lee
county.
"Mr. Boyles nominated Edward Johnson, ofLeecountv.
"Mi. Creamer nominated Joseph Ii. D. Street, ofWa-
pelle county
"Mr. Creel nominated Thomas W. Claggett, of Lee
county.
"Mr. Wilkinson nominated Jacob Butler, of Muscatine
county.
" Mr. Dewey, of Fremont, nominated Thomas II. Benton,
Jr., of Johnson county.
" Mi. Williams nominated Stephen B. Shelliday, of Jas-
per county.
"'Mr. Wamsley nominated George G. Wright, of Van
Buien county.
" Mr. Brjtin, of Guthrie, nominated Joseph Williams, of
Muscatine county.
" Mr. Edie nominated Fitz Henry Warren, ofDes Moines
county.
" Mr. Hyde nominated Ebenezer Cook, of Seott county.
" The convention pi oceeded to a vote, which first resulted
as follows:
Augustus C. Dodge received 29 votes.
Fitz Henry Warren   16 "
Edward Johnson    II
James B. Ilowell  9 "
Ebenezer Cook  7
Joseph II. D. Street  5 "
Jacob Butiei    5 "
James Harlan   4 "
Stephen £>. Sheiliday    4 "
Geoige G. Wright  3 "
Thomas II. Benton   ,   3 "
JE. W. Eastman      1 "
Joseph Williams    1 "
J.C.Hall  1 "
Whole number of votes 90
" No one having received a majority of all the votes ca*t,
the convention proceeded to a second vote ; which resulted
as follows:
Augustus C. Dodge received   09 votes.
Fitz Ifenrv Wairen 13 "
Edward lohnson 14 "
James llailan : 12
James B. Howell      9 "
Ebenezer Cook    B "
Joseph II D. Sheet   5 "
Stephen Shelhdav  2 "
E. W. F<a tman  1 "
Whole number of votes 99
Xeee«ary to a choice   50
The Pic-i'lcnt announced no choice.
Then, aUer vru ion-; dnatniy motions, amotion to adjourn
until to-moirow, at ten o'clock, wa« carried—'.eu^Lnavs
4"/."
On page 69 it will be seen that the joint con-
vention assembled pursuant to adjournment, and,
without voting, adjourned to meet on Tuesday
next, December 21, at ten o'clock.
"Menage ftom the Semite. by Senators Love and
Hogan, vino announced that tin; Senate were now pie-
pared to meet the House m the hall of the House of Kep-
resrnrativt'>.in joint contention, puituani to adjournment,
for the purpose of electing a United States Senator and
judges'of the supreme couit.""
<•' On motion of Mr. Russell, a committee of two was ap-
pointed on the pait of the llnu>e, to mioim the Senate that
the Hou>o was now ready to receive them m joint conven-
tion, pursuant to adjournment, for the. pinposo of electmir
a United State-. Senator and judge-; of the --upicme eoutt.
"Me^rs. Russell and J)uwey, of Fremont, were* ap-
pointed 5-asd committee.
" Tiie committee bavins d^chai^d <ud dmv. the Presi-
dent and members of the Senate, pieccd-d hv tlu-ir Socie-
tal) and Sn-eam-at-Anns, entered the hall of the House,
and having been duly announced, took the seats assigned
them." ^
Then follows the journal of the joint conven-
tion.
" joint convestio^ of the two houses.
" The President of the Senate acting as president of the
convention, and the clerk of the Housc acting as secretary,
" Senator Workman acting as teller on the part of the
Senate, and Mr. Kmert teller on the part of the House,
"The President having announced the purposes of the
convention, and directed the roll to be called,
" The following members of the convention were founa
absent:
" Senator McAchran, Messrs. Damon and Walters.
" On motion, Messrs. Damon and Walters were ex-
cused, they having leave of absence from the House of
which they are members.
" Mr. Russell moved that a further call of the House be
; dispensed with. •
| " Motion lost.
j " Mr. McAchran appearing in his peat, further proceed-
1 ings under the call were dispensed with.
" Tne convention proceeded to vote for a United States
Senator, for the term of six years, from and after the 4th
day of Maich next.
" Mr. Boyles nominated General A. C. Dodge, of Dea
Moines county.
" Mr. Hyde nominated Ebenezer Cook, of Scott county.
"Mr. Hamilton nominated James Harian, of Henry
county.^
" The vote, being the third of the convention, resulted as
follows;
Those voting for James Harlan were   47
Tho-e voting for A. C. Dodge were 43
Those vouns foi Ebenezer Cook were   . 7
Young for Mr. Johnson    1
Whole number of votes ca-ft 98
"Necessary to a choice 50
"'The President announced that no candidate having
received amajouty of the votes cast, there was no choice.
" Mr. llussell moved to suspend the election of United
States Senator for the present, and procced to vote for
judges of the supreme court.
" Mr. Love called for the yeas and nays.
" Mi. Preston asked for a'division of the question.
" The question being on the motion to suspend—jeas 44,
nays 54.
" Motion lost.
" Mr. Wilkinson moved to adjourn until next Thursday
week, the 3d day of January.
" Mr. Preston desired to speak to the question.
" The President* dccidcd the question could not be de-
bated.
" Mr. Preston appealed from the decision of the Chair.
" Mr. Preston withdrew his appeal.
" Mr. Conkev moved to amend, to wit: that when the
convention do adjourn, it adjourn to the 3d day of January
nett.
" Amendment accepted by Mr. Wilkinson.
" Mr. Love called for the yeas and nays.
" Tiie question being upon the motion to adjourn as
amended—yeas 41, nays 57.
" Motion lost.
" Mr. Boyles withdrew the name of A. €. Dodge.
" Mr. Thurston nominated Thomas W. Claggett, of Lee
county.
"Mr. Creamer nominated Jo<eph H "D. Street, of Wa-
pelia county.
" 3Ir. Wilkinson nominated Jacob Butler, of Scott
county.
"Mr. Corse nominated Bernhart Ifenn, of Jefferson
county.
'• Xo other nominations being offered, the President di-
rected th" \ otinsr to proceed.
" Tne vote, bems the fourth vote for United States Sen-
ator, xesulted a* follows :
James Haslan leceived   .41 xotes,
Ebenezer Cook 13 "
Bernhart Ilenn   10 "
J. H. D. Street  6 «
Jacob Butler   3 "
P. Gad Bryan ,3 "
A. C. Dodiie 2 "
Lincoln CJaik   ..1 "
Benjarnm M Samuels  1 "
" Xo p^nn having received a majority of all the votes
ca*t. the Pi evident declared that no choice had been made.
"Mr. Euie moved that the convention do adjourn sine
etc.
" Mr. Ru«seil called for the yea* and nays.
" Tiie motion w as io>t; the vote being—yeas 40. nays58."
Chi page 108 I find that " the convention ad-
journed until three o'clock, p. m." At three
o'clock "the joint convention met pursuant to
adjournment,M and c< the President directed the
roll to be called.*' Then again there were various}
votes, but no choice was made.
•• Mr. Russell moved that the convention adjourn until
the oth day ofJanuary next.
**Mr. Shields moved that the convention do now ad-
journ.
That motion was notagreed to; thevote being—
yens 35, nays 62.
"The question recuiring upon the motion of Mr. RuseelJ
