Ill
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
to adjourn to the 5th day of January next, the same was
"'"'The' convention adjourned until January 5, A. D.
ia55."
On page 150 will be found the record of the
proceedings of the House of Representatives, of
the 5th January, as follows:
« Message from the Senate.iy Senators Love and Saun-
ders, who announced that the Senate were now ready to
meet the House in the hall of the House qf Representatives,
pursuant to adjournment, in joint convention, for the pur-
pose of electing a United States Senator and judges of the
supreme court.
" On motion of Mr. Tracy, a committee of three was
appointed to .wait upon the Senate and inform them that
the House was leady to receive them in joint convention.
" The Speaker appointed Mess&rs. Tracy, Bigelow, and
Rogers, said committee.
" The commutec, having discharged their duty, reported
the same to the House.
" The President and members of the Senate, preceded
by their Seigeant-nt- Arms and Secretary, entered the hall
of the House of Representatives, and took, the seats
assigned thorn."
Then follows the record of various ineffectual
votes for a United States'Senator. Then the
joint convention (sec page 358) reversed the order
of business, and agreed to proceed to the election
of judges of the supreme court.
'.The joint convention then adjourned to meet
at two o'clock, and reassembled at the appointed
hour; and on the first vote elected George G.
Wright chief justice of the supreme court; and
on the second vote elected William G. Wood-
ward associate justice of said court. *(See pp.
165, 366.)
Several ineffectual votes were then had for a
second associate justice of the said court.
"Mr. Bryan moved that the convention adjourn until
to-morrow morning, ten o'clock, (January Gth.)
" Mr. Cois.0 railed tor the yeas and nays on Mr. Byan's
motion—yeas 58, nays '11."
Thus far, the journal of the joint convention,
ns kept by the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, (who, by the provisions of the law I have
read, was constituted secretary of the convention,)
and as kept by the Secretary of the Senate, is sub-
stantially the same.
On pa^es 115 and 110 of (he Senate Journal,
the motion to adjourn the joint convention until
ten o'clock of January Gth, is also recorded.
From that time forward, the secretary of the
Senate ceased to kesparecoidof the proceedings
of the joint convention, as will be ween on refer-
enc^to'pnge 11G of the Senate Journal, where I
find the following entry:
u Saturday Morniko, January 6,
<c Senate met purMiant to adjournment.
" Piaycr by the Chaplain.
" On motion, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
" Mr. PreFton moved that the Senate adjourn until Mon-
day morning, at nine o'clock; upon winch question the
yeas and nays being demanded, were ordered ; and weie as
follows—yeas 16, nays 15."
The question was decided in the affirmative,
and the Senate adjourned.
Commencing at the same period in the Journal
of the House of Representatives, I find the fol-
• lowing:
" Satprti \y Morning, January (>, 1855.
u Prayer by the Chaplain.
"journal of jestetday (except the special order,' A joint
convention of the two Housed) read."
The House met, it will be observed, one hour
earlier than the Senate, and here occurs the record
of their proceedings as a House of Representa-
tives. But on page 182 I find the following:
"It being the hour of ten o'clock, a. m., the Speaker of
the House announced the same, and the special ordei lo he
a joint convention of%the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, pursuant to adjournment, Ibi the puiptoe ot electing
a United States Senator and judge of the supreme couit.
" On motion of Mr. McKay, a committee of three was
appointed to wait upon the Senate and inform that body
that the Hoineof .Representatives was now ready to receive
the Senate in jointconvention,pievious to adjournment, tor
the pmpobe or electing a judge of the supreme court and a
United States Senatoi.
"The Ohaii appointed Messrs. McKay, McFarland. and
Clark baid committee."
On page 183 I find the following record:
"The committee appointed to wait upon the Senate
reported that they had dischaiged that duty by proceeding
to the Senate Ohambei, and delivering their me*.>a«e, and
informing the Secretary of the Senate theieof. That the
- Secretary of the Senate informed the committee that the
Senate had adjourned ovei to Monday next.
" A number of the members of the Senate entered the
Hall of the House without their President, and took theu-
seats.
"The Speaker announced that the joint convention of
the Senate and House of Representatives was now m ses-
sion, pursuant to adjournment, for the purpose of electing
a judge of the supreme court and a United States Senator.
" Mr. Samuels rose to a question of order, to wit: was
the joint convention properly convened ?
" The Speaker announced that the convention had now
convened.
"Mr. Samuels appealed from the decision of the Speaker,
and asked for the yeas and nays, and insisted on his appeal
being decided only by the House of Representatives.
" The roll of the joint convention was called; and the
following members of the convenuon answered to their
names, being a majority of both branches of the General
Assembly."
The list contains fifty-seven names. The
journal then proceeds:
" Those members of the convention, and members of the
Tloimo of Representatives, except Mr. Franklin, (excused,)
who did not answei' to their names, refused to answer, or
retired from the Hall during the calling of the roll.
" The Speaker announced that a majority of the mem-
bers of the General Assembly being piesent, there was a
quorum of the joint convention now eonvencd pursuant
to adjournment, and that the appeal of Mr. Samuels could
not be taken to the members of the House of Representa-
tives. .
" On motion of Senator Anderson, William W. Hamil-
ton, a Senatorfiom Dubuque county, was elected President
pro tempore of the convention.
"The Piesident of the Senate still being absent,
"The Speaker of the lloxne of Representatives in his
chair, and the Cleik of the House of Representatives acting
as secretary of the joint convention,
" The loll of the convention was called; and the follow-
ing members of the convention did not answer to their
names."
The names are given, and the jtmrnal proceeds:
" On motion of Mr. Russell, the sergeant-at-arms was
dweeted to notify membcis of the convention who had not
answeied to their names, that the convention was now
convened, and to request their attendance.
" Senators Ramsav and Thurston appeared on the floor
of the convention, and desired to be considered as not
acting in the convention.
" The sergeant-at-arms reported that he had performed
his duty as icquncd by the convenuon; that a lew of the
member* he could not find.
" On motion of Mr Oonkey, further proceedings under
the call weie dispensed with.
" Mr. Woi kmnu, tellei on the part of the Senate, being
absent, Mi. Niedhain wa- appointed in hi" ^tead.
" Mi Kmert acting as teller on the part of the Howe,
" The business of the convention being duly announced,
"On motion ol i\Ir. Graham, the convention proceeded
to the seventh vote lor a second associate judge of the su-
preme comt.
" Mr. Witter nominated Edward Johnson, ofLee county.
" Mr. Ihown wnhdiew the name of Mr. Spurr.
" On motion of Mr. Russell, the convention excused Mr.
Neal fiom voting.
"The seventh vote for a second associate judge of the
supteinc court lcMilted arf follows!."
The names are given—fifty-one in all; the
record then proceeds:
"Messrs Claik of Marion, Ncely, and Witter, voted for
Edward Johnson.
" Mr. Ilydo voted for Mr. McAehran.
" Mr. McAdirnn voted for H. F. Spurr.
" Norman W. Mieli having received a majority of all the
votes east, and a majority ot all the votes ot the membcis
of both hunches ot lite General Assembly, was declined
duly elected associate judge of the supreme couit for the
[ci m of my veais. *
"On motion of Mr. Giahom, the convention proceeded
to Hie election of a ('mfed States Senator for the State of
Iowa, for the term of six yeais from and alter the 4th day
of Match next.
" Mr. Ilvde withdiew the name of Ebenezer Cook.
"Mr. Anderson nominated James Hailan, of Henry
county.
" The convention proceeded to vote for a United States
Senator, being tiic ninth vote, which resulted as follows."
The vote for James Harlan was 52.
" Messrs. Clark, of Marion, and Ncely, voted for Bern-
hart llenn.
'v Mi McAchran voted for William McKay.
" Mr. Witter votedtbi James Giant.
"James Harlan having received a majority of all the
votes cast, and a majority of the whole number of the
! members'of the General Assembly, was declared duly
; elected a Senator of the United States tor the State of
I km a, for the teun of six yeais, uoiii and aftei the 4th day
| of March novt "
| The certificates of election were made out, and
' duly attested in the presence of the convention,
of which the following are true duplicates:
" IKll of tilt Horse of Representatives,
'' Jaauary 6,
" This will certify, that at an elecuqy by the General As- !
pemblv of the State of Iowa, m joint convention, on Satur- !
day,the Gth day of January, A. f>. J8o.">, Norman W. Jsbell i
was duly elected an associate judge of thesupreftic court '
of the State of Iowa, foi the term of mx years. I
WILT J AM W. HAMILTON, I
" President pro tempore. !
" REUBEN NOULE,, I
" Speaker Home of Representatives.
"Attest- John'R-Nefdham, ?te]lers
% AItesl- David Kinert, j leners.
" Hall of the House op Representatives,
" January 6, 1855.
"Tbi* wUl certify, that at an election by the General As-
sembly of the State of Iowa, in joint convention, on Satur-
day, the 6th day of January, A. 0. 1855, James Harlan was
duly elected a Senator to represent*this State in the Senate
of the United States, for the term of six years, from and
after the 4th day of March next. _ „
" WILLIAM W. HAMILTON,
" President pro tempore•
"REUBEN NOBLE,
" Speaker House of Representatives,
" Attest: KkSSt^'
« On motion of Mr. Hillis, the joint convention adjourned
sine lite, and the members of the Senate retired."
In the next place, 1 will read an extract from the
Journal of the Senate of January 8, commencing *
on page 122:
" Mr. Coolbaugh offered the following :
« Whereas it is reported that the Journal of the House or
Representatives, as read this morning in the presence of the
House, alleges that a joint convention of the General As-
sembly of this State was held in the Hall of the House on
Saturday, the 6th instant; and whereas it is alleged m said #
journal, that said joint convention proceeded to elect one
Norman W. Isbell as an associate judge of the supreme
court of this State, and one James Harlan as a Senator of
the United States, for the term of six years from the 4th day
of March next: Therefore -
«Re-solved,, That inasmuch as the Senate has no knowl-
edge of any such joint convention, and did not participate
in the proceedings, therefore it hereby protests against the
action of the said so calied joint convention, and declares
the same to be void and of no effect.
« Rewired, That a copy of tins preamble and resolution
be signed by the President and certified to by the Secretary
of the Senate, be presented to the Governor of this State,
and also n copv forwarded to the Presiding Officer of the
Senate of the United States, with a request to lay the same
before that bodv. **
" Upon the adoption of which, the yeas and nays being
demanded, were ordered, and were as follows."
The yeas were 17, and the nays 14.
This, 1 believe, is a correct statement of the
record of that joint convention as reported by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, and the
Secretary of the Senate; and also a statement of
all the laws of Iowa bearing on the subject. If
there are others, they are unknown to me.
And now, sir, I desire to present a matter whfch
is more personal to myself than important to the
Senate. For a year and more, I hava been per-
mitted quietly to occupy a seat here as a mem-
ber, with this protest of the Senate of my State
lying on your table. I have not called it up; nor
have I requested any one to do so with a view to
its final disposition. I have regarded the whole
procedure from the beginning as purely political—
as an effort of a minority, prompted by party
spirit, to defeat the will of a majority. I have
had no wish to control the order of procedure
determined on by those to whom this matter was
originally confided. Nor have I regarded mysfelf
as the occupant of a seat in this body by suffer-
ance merely, under the technicality of these cre-
dentials, but as one of the members of this Senate
from the State of Iowa, legally chosen by a ma-
jority of the members of her Legislature. In this
opinion T have been sustained, independent of my
perception of the true interpretation and applica-
tion of the Constitution and law, by the best legal
in my State, including her executive and minds
the judges of her supreme court. In confirmation
of this statement, I ask the indulgence of the
Senate while I read a letter addressed by me to
Chief Justice Wright, and Judge Woodward, of
the supreme court, and an extract of a letter ad-
dressed to the Governor, and their respective re-
plies; premising that they had no expectation
that this use would be made of their letters when
written:
Mount Pleasant, Iowa, November 13,1855.
Dear Sir : During a newspaper dit-cussion of the valid-
ity of my election to a seat in the Senate of the United
State*, by the Legislature of Towa, on the Gth of January
last, 1 noticed, in some of the political journals, the decla-
ration, that Chief Justice Wjight, and Judge Woodward, of
the supreme court, had said that " this election was uncon-
stitutional and void." I may not quote with verbal accu-
racy ; but T do no violence to the sense.
Will you be kind enough to inform me whether you have
ever expressed such an opinion ; and vvhethei, with a per-
sonal knowledge of the facts and circumstances of said
election, \ou consider it to have been consummated with-
out sufhcient constitutional^authority ?
*1 make this inquiry the more ficely, as I suppose this
question can never come before the court of which you are
the chief justice, for adjudication.
With the highest respect and esteem, vours trulv,
JAMES HARLAN.
Hon. George G. Wright,
Chief Justice Supreme Court, Keosauqua, Iowa.
To that I received the following reply:
Keosauqua, Iowa, November 17,1855.
Dear Sir: Yours of the 13th instant is just received. In
it you make two inquiries, and ask from me answers^
which lequcst I comply with at once, and with pleasure.
