1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
First. You state that about the time of your election to
your present office, it was stated in some political journals
that 1 had said your election was unconstitutional and void.
You ask, uis ittruQ that you [I] ever made such declara-
tion?" I aiso noticed these newspaper reports, but gave
them no attention. Now, however, in answer to your
inquiry, I unhesitatingly say that T never expressed such
an opinion, then or since, to any person. „ On the contrary,
in view of the fact that it was rumored that Judge Isbell's
seat, as one of the justices of the supreme court, might be
contested, I had somewhat cautiously avoided any expres-
sion. As you suggest in your letter, however, there is
now but little probability that such question wiil be raised,
arid I am therefore mortf free to speak. Had I ever
expressed such an opinion, I should certainly have recol-
lected u.
Second. You ask me to say "whether, with a personal
knowledge of the facts and circumstances of said election,
you [I] consider it to have been consummated without
sufficient constitutional authority ?"
i was present at the time of your election—was in the
Hall of the House of Representatives—witnessed the with-
drawal of the minority therefrom, and from all that there
took place, and in view of all the facts, I certainly do not
regard the election consummated " without sufficient con-
stitutional authority." I so advised some one or two friends
duung the excitement consequent on the action of the
lmnquty before the election , and nothing has since occurred
to change niv mind.
Mv engagements prevent now a more extended reply.
Yours, mo>t respectfully^ GEORGE G. WRIGHT.
Hun. J a ML-s Harlan.
Mr. Justice Woodward, in reply to a similar
letter, wrote me as follows:
Muscatine, November 16, 1855.
Dear Sir: Yours of the 13th instant is just received.
You mention that it has been stated by some of the polit-
ical journals, that Charles J. Wright and myself had
expressed the opinion that your election to the United
States Senate, by a joint convention of the General As-
sembly of Iowa, on the 6th of January last, was uncon-
stitutional and void, or to that effect.
I am very glad that you have mentioned this to me, for
1 had not seen it, noi heaid of it. 1 am glad to be able to
coricct the error. It is wholly a mistake. I have never
expressed s-uch an opinion. At the time of the election—
being present and seeing all—I expressed the opinion that
it wim h gal. The convention being lemilarly constituted,
J did not think the withdrawal of a number of the mem-
bers less than a majority could dissolve it. And since
then I have been no leason to change that opinion.
For the of law, otd<T, and right, I sincerely trust
you will be allowed to hold your seat. Jimj party can, at
any time, destioy an election if such means will doit.
As to Judge Wright, I am not informed.
I am, dear sir, yours very truly,
W. G. WOODWARD.
Hon. James Harlan.
I will now read a paper received by me from
the clerk of the supreme court of Iowa, under the
seal of said court, from which it will be seen that
Justice Isbell, who was elected, as shown by the
journal of the joint convention, under precisely
the same circumstances that accompanied my
election, was sworn into office, and was in the
quiet discharge of its duties up to that date:
State of Iowa, ss :
I, William Vandever, clerk of the supreme court of the
State of Iowa, do hereby certify that Norman W. Isbell.
an as>ociate justice elect of said supreme court, did on the
fiivt Monday of June, A. D. 1S5.3, appear at the capital of
said State, and enter upon the discharge of the duties of his
said office, he appearing to have been duly elccted and
qualified. And I further ceruly that said Norman W. Is-
bell, associate justice of the supreme court of Iowa, still
continues m the uninterrupted possession of said office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand
' ' and affixed the, seal of said court.
Done at Iowa City tins twenty-third davof November,
A. D. 1855. WM. VANDEVER,
Clerk Supreme Court of Iowa.
About the same time I addressed a similar
letter to Governor Grimes, dated November 15,
1855. In that letter I inquired—
" If my right to a seat in the Senate of the United States
should be contested, and by possibility decided adverselv,
whether, m his opinion, it would create such a vacancy as
could be filled {by the Governor:' and if not, whether it
would be, m his opinion, of sufficient importance to justify
lum m reassembling the Legislature
To which he replied in the following words.
I lead only an extract, but it is all that is perti-
nent to the question:
Bhrlington, Iowa, November 17, 1855.
My dear Sir: * * * Believing that you were legally
elected, 1 cannot believe that theie is a vacancy, or"that
there can be one, let the action of the Senate be what it
may. I i-hall not, tlicrefoie, iVel myself authorized to
appoint nnj one, nor shall I eonvmie the Geneial Assembly,
unless some exigency atises that is not now contemplated.
I am, very truly, your obedient servant,
JAMES W. GRIMES.
Hon. James Harlan, Mt. Pleasant.
This correspondence is not a record of an ad-
judication of this question by the tribunals of the
State of Iowa, it is simply an expression of
opinion over their own signatures, by the execu-
tive and the judges of the supreme court, that j
my right to a seat here is valid. And in the j
State of Iowa it has been thus practically settled, j
Thus fortified by the opinion of the people at;
home, I will not at present proceed to present an
argument. And I think I shall not do so here- j
after. I may be supposed to have a personal j
interest in the final decision, which would dimin- j
ish the weight of any opinions I might express, j
however sustained by elaborate argument. Aside !
from this, every other member of the Senate has
an equal interest in securing a correct decision,
and they are in a condition to decide impartially.
And m the event of an adverse decision, should
the people of my State desire my presence here,
I doubt not they will find means to return me; if
otherwise, they will have no difficulty in selecting
from her citizens an abler and a better man.
I will not'oppose the reference of this subject j
to the Committee on the Judiciary, although I
find among the members of that committee not ;
one political friend. Every member of that com- j
mittee is politically opposed to me upon the ques- j
tions now at issue before the country. Even if j
I had any doubt whether that consideration could j
weigh a feather with them, I wouid refrain from .
expressing it. I would not, by a word of mine, !
aid to make a record out of which a supposition j
might grow, that in the Senate of the United i
States the determination of any question of this i
character could, by possibility, be influenced by j
party feeling. I learned, soon after my arrival ij
here, from those who stand diametrically opposed lj
to the members of this committee in politics, that, !!
in their opinion, the Senate of the United States. \ \
was not a political body, and that all questions of ;'
this kind would be adjudicated by them fairly \\
and impartially. Believing their judgment enti- ! 1
tied to credit, and having seen nothing on myil
own part to justify an adverse opinion, I shall , i
interpose no objection to the reference of this jj
whole matter to that committee. |,
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, although the ■'
honorable Senator from Iowa may not interpose ;■
an objection to the reference of this question to j
the Committee on the Judiciary, I move that it
be referred to a select committee. At the close ,i
of the last regular session, when the subject was |j
brought up, the honorable Senator from Iowa;,
then objected—my recollection is distinct—to its ■;
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary. !(
Though no such objection is made now, we have ':
coupled with his statement the allegation that that j
committee is composecT entirely of members j
opposed to him in political opinion. I think it
proper and right, under these circumstances, that
the question before the Senate should be referred |
to a special committee. It is a very grave ques- ,j
tion of law in my judgment. I have paid some !
attention to it, not m reference to this particular ;j
case, but because one not entirely dissimilar, in- i j
Solving a similar principle, occurred in my own !•
State some sixteen oreighieen years ago. I hope
the Senate will adopt my proposition, and refer ''
the subject to a special committee, on which the
honorable Senator may have the benefit of having
some members of the Senate who agree wjth
him in political opinion.
I have no doubt that the Senate does not act as
a political body on subjects like this; but I have ■
lived long enough to know that we ail of us
may insensibly be biased by political associa-,
tions m our judgments, even upon legal matters. ,
I think it proper and right, that as it so happens
that the Judiciary Committee is constituted in '
the mode the honorable Senator supposes, he
should have the full benefit of having a commit-
tee on which there should be members who belong
to the same party with himself, and whose views
would not, therefore, be likely to be tinged by
any feeling against him, to vindicate the princi-
ple connected with his election as he avows it.
The honorable Senator is pleased, upon this :
occasion, to state that the object of the delay in ■
the reference of these proceedings was political
in its character. To whom that relates it is not
for me to say.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is totally mis-
taken, or else 1 said that which I did not intend
to say. I intended to say, and think I did say,
that 1 regarded the origination of this question by ,
the members of the Senate of Iowa as Having '
grown out of party feeling only. I think I did •
hot say that the object of the delay in the refer-1.
ence of this question to a committee here was
political. I did not intend to say so, and if I
said it, I now correct the statement.
Again, at the close of the last session I made a
remark which I find the Senator has also misin-
terpreted. I remarked then, that I might object
to the reference of the subject to the Committee
on the Judiciary; but I made the remark for the
purpose of showing that I had a right to discuss
the motion for reference, some one having pre-
viously stated that it was not a question suscep-
tible of discussion, but was one which went to
the committee as a matter of course. I then re-
marked, for the purpose of showing that I had a
right to speak to the motion, that I might choose
to object to the reference of the whole matter to
that committee. I will say now that I did not
intend then to object to the reference, but sup-
posed that I would have a right to do so. Nor
do I desire the adoption of the motion proposed
by the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I was speaking of the pro-
priety of the measure, not of the individual wishes
of the honorable Senator from Iowa. Statements
are made as to the character of the committee;
and we have before us the fact, that the Senator
did, for some reason, as I understood him, (his
disclaimer of course I am willing to accept,) ob-
ject to the constitution of that committee at the
close of the last session. With these facts be-
fore us, I think it proper that a select committee
should^e balloted for by the Senate, to consider
the question involved in this case. It is, I admit,
a very grave question, one certainly that never
has been decided in this body as far as I have in-
vestigated the precedents; and I had occasion to
investigate them in relation to general principles
connected with the election of Senators in one or
two cases which have been before the Senate
since I have been a member of the body.
I may have misapprehended—and doubtless
did, as the Senator says so—the remark that the
delay in this case was political. The Senator
says he only applied the term " political " to the
origination of the case, and the objections made
in the Senate of Iowa. Of course, it is very
probable, that a political majority of one branch
of the- Legislature would be induced by their
political feeling, after an election took place,
which they considered illegal in itself, to make
the objection; but I can go further than that—I
can easily perceive that members might vote in
favor of the investigation of such a question with-
out regard to their political associations, where
it presented a grave point of law. Perhaps, on
the other hand, political feeling might have urged
partisanship to the point of making an election
even where that election would not in itself be
valid; and probably would not have been deemed
valid without that feeling operating to mislead
the judgment. These are incidents which are
common to humanity under all circumstances.
In conclusion, I move, as an amendment to the
motion, to substitute a special committee in the
place of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. As a general thing, I would
much prefer that these questions might go to the
customary committees, which are responsible to
the Senate and to the country; but I think that
my honorable friend from Iowa, in his disposi-
tion to be generous and confiding, commits an
error against himself; and that it is his right, and
the right of the Legislature which sent him here,
that there should be upon the committee which
investigates this subject, some one member who
diitets from the majority of the body in their
opposition to the principles and policy of that
Legislature and of the honorable Senator. I
rise, therefore, rather for the purpose of endeav-
oring to secure to him a right which he gener-
ously disclaims, than for any other purpose.
While I am up, I beg also to say that I corrob-
orate and confirm every word which the honor-
able Senator from Iowa has stated about the ad-
vice which he received from the political friends
on this side of the Chamber to whom he sub-
mitted this question when ho first arrived. At
that time I—believe with all others—agreed in
stating to him the measure of our confidence m the
justice and integrity of the Senate in questions of
this kind; and I repeat that I have the same con-
fidence now. But I believe, with the honorable
Senator from Delaware, who himself is a mem
ber of the committee in question, that it would
