1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
avoid incurring any responsibility on this or any
other question; but when a political friend of tfie
person claiming this seat has interposed a cldim
of right, or of comity, that some member of the
committee should have the same political bias
with himself, he has made a suggestion to which
I cannot but yield. I think that in every case of
this kind all parties should be represented upon
the committee; and if the fact be as stated, that
the Judiciary Committee does not contain any per-
son whose political opinions, or whose party as-
sociations, are the same with those of the gentle- ;
man who claims the seat, I should be opposed to
its reference to the committee to which I belong; i
and I concur fully with the Senator from New j
York, as well as the Senator from Delaware, that j
it ought to be referred to a select committee. I 1
hope that course will be taken.
Mr.'SEWARD. _ Mr. President, I do not de-
sign to continue this debate. I barely desire to
say that it does not seem to me that this is a time j
when it is necessary, at all events, even if it is
proper, to discuss the character, general or pecu- |
liar 01- particular, of the minority here. It is a :
minority, but it represents a portion of the people j
of the United States. I shall not even say that j
it is large, or that it extends throughout a consid- j
erablc part of the country. _ j
The statement made by the honorable chair- j
man of the Judiciary Committee seems to me to
relieve the question of all embarrassment; and |
that is, that it is not the settled practice of the |
Senate to "devolve the examination of contested j
elections on the Judiciary Committee, but that it !
has been at times customary to refer them to a <
special or a select committee. That seems to me !
' to settle the whole question; and I cannot agree |
with my honorable friends on my right and left, i
[Mr. Hale and Mr. Fesseotex,] who are mem- |
bers of the minority, as I am, that we shall be j
justified in insisting that theJudiciary Committee, j
which happens to be constituted of members all ;
belonging to the majority, should be charged with :
this election. I, in common with my associates, :
voted against the constitution of that committee; !
and the reason we had for it was, that we thought ;
it was unequal, and that the minority ought to be j
represented upon it. Now, on the part of the .
majority, itis proposedso far to correct that error '
of which we have complained, as to constitute a j
committee which will be established upon the I
principle which we claim ought to prevail in the j
constitution of all the committees. Under these I
circumstances, I do not see that I can be justified
in insisting that we will not assume the share of
responsibility which we have complained here-
tofore was not devolved upon us. It seems to
me, therefore, to be a plain question.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have themselves indicated
a preference that these papers should be referred
to a select committee. That being their wish, I
am disposed to gratify them. At the same time,
I must say that I believe the general purposes of
justice and fairness would be better subserved by
referring all such cases to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, which is constituted with reference to the
general purposes of justice, and not to any par-
ticular case, than by raising special committees
forthe consideration of these matters of elections;
because these special committees are generally
arranged with reference to the matters which it
is known will come before them. Still I am will-
ing to make this an exception to the general rule,
not only because the Committee on the Judiciary
have indicated such a wish, but because some
members on the other side of the House have
also expressed a desire to have a select com-
mittee. I think, therefore, we had better vote
down the first proposition as I believe the
motions will be put m the order in which they
were made—and agree to the appointment of a
select committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia is mistaken as to the prece-
dents of the Senate as to the propriety of referring
any election cases to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. We have no Committee on Elections or
Credentials as they have in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I think myself there ought always
to be a special committee in such cases; and in
the early practice of the Government these ques-
tions were always referred to a special committee.
1 do not think it ought to be thrown on the
Judiciary Committee. I speak without regard at
all to this particular case on the general principle;
but looking at this case, the propriety of that
course seems to me to be even more manifest.
In connection with the motion for reference, it is
stated that this committee is composed of gentle-
men opposed in politics to the Senator from Iowa, |
That happens by accident. At the original forma- j
tion of the committee, two gentlemen were placed !
on it who constituted a portion of the minority of
the Senate, as parties then stood. They have
remained upon it until it may now be considered
that this committee is constituted of gentlemen
entirely agreeing in political sentiment on the
prevailing questions of the day. It is peculiarly
proper, under the circumstances, to commit this
case to a special committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I make an appeal to my
friends to refer the subject to a special committee,
although I do not think there is any disposition
to reflect upon the Committee on the Judiciary.
That committee is peculiarly constituted—two I
gentlemen from the North, two from the South,
one from the great West, and one from the middle
States. If one of the southern gentlemen, Mr.
Toombs, or myself, should make the report, we
could not give satisfaction, no matter what might
be its character, if it were adverse to the member
from Iowa. If Mr. Bayard or Mr. Toucey
were to draw it, I know what would be said |
about it. They would dislike the office. They i
would find themselves assailed from sources and
in reference to matters which would be grating
to their feelings. The two southern gentlemen ;
would not mind this; the others might mind it. I
On the whole, I think we had better, on tins
particular case, have a special committee. I ask
it as a favor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope not, sir. It is |
very proper to refer the case to a committee here- '•
tofore appointed without reference to this ques- '
tion. The danger is, that if we pass by that, [
and refer it to a special committee, selected and j
appointed with reference to this question, we <
may fall into the habit—not now, but hereafter— 1
of appointing select committees with a special
view to the cases which they are to examine, j
We had better guard against that evil, and pursue j
the old established way. It is safest to travel j
super antiquas vias. I hope the subject will be :
referred to the Committee on Judiciary. The j
Senate should consult generajpropriety, and the ;
general principles which ought to govern such
cases, rather than the particular wishes of gen- ,
tlemen. I hope it will be sent to the Committee
on the Judiciary. The whole case involves noth- ;
ing but questions of law. That committee is ]
the proper tribunal to advise us on such a subjeat. j
I hope the Senate will not depart from the usual !
course. _ I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion !
to refer to a standing committee takes precedence j
of a motion to lefer to a select committee.' The i
first question will be on referring the |j^bject to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN called i'or the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I vote " yea," because I
understand the contestant so desires.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Benjamin, Bigler. Blisht,
Blown, Cast. Coliamei, Cnuenden, Dodge, iDur-
kee, Evuns, Fessenden, Fisii, FitzpUnek. I'ooi, Foster,
Il-lle, James, Jones ot" Iowa. Jones of Tennessee, ^I.uon,
Pearee, Pratt, Slideil. Smart, Tnomson of New Jersey,
Tiuinbull, Wilson, .mil Wridi'—31.
I NAYS—Messr .'liaya>.l. Bell of N„'w Hampshire, Butler,
■ '.'lay. Comesys, Houston. IversOn, Pugii, Iteid, Rusk,
Seward, Toucey, and Wade—13.
So the credentials of Mr. Harlan, and the
resolutions of the Senate of Iowa, were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MARY BEXNETT.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish now to submit a
motion to rttfer back to the Committee on Pen-
sions report No. 117, on the petition of Mary
Bennett. It is not objected to by the committee,
and I desire some additional light before them on
the precedents, so as to induce them to reconsider
the case. They are willing to do so. It is an
adverse report which has not been acted on. I
move simply to refer it back to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the
establishment of a mail route and carrying a
semi-weekly overland mail from the Mississippi
river to San Francisco, in the State of California.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK.
Mr. IVERSON. It will be recollected that on
the last day of the last regular session, a bill
from the House of Representatives authorizing
the establishment of a naval depot at Brunswick,
Georgia, was taken up and postponed to this day.
I am not disposed to press its consideration in
place of the bill of the Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Evans,] or the pending debate on
the President's message; but I desire to have it
taken up, so that I may move to postpone it until
-Thursday, when my colleague [Mr. Toombs]
will be here. I trust the Senate will indulge mp
so far.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall be under the neces-
sity of objecting to making that bill the special
order of the day for Thursday next. The bill
for the establishment of the navy-yard at Bruns-
wick was referred to the Naval Committee at a
very late period of the last session. There was
a difference of opinion in the committee. A
majority of the committee, I think I may say,
were opposed to the bill. It was asked, as a
matter of spccial favor, that it should be reported,
it being thought that there was no probability of
its being then considered and passed.
The chairman of the Naval Committee [Mr.
Mallory] is not now present. It was his inten-
tion, and probably is still so—certainly it is mine
•—when the proper opportunity offers, to move to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs for the purpose of reconsideration; and on
that account I shall object now to its being made
the special order of the day for Thursday next.
The Senator from Florida will probably be here
in three or four days; and I suggest to my friend
from Georgia that it would be more courteous to
him to postpone the consideration of this matter
until his arrival. He is expected to be here in
two or three davs. .
Mr. IVERSON. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs shall not be here on
Thursday, and any gentleman shall then desire
that the bill be postponed to a subsequent day, I
will let it be postponed. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the rights of the Senator from Florida.
I will not interfere with any disposition of the
subject which the Senate may think proper with
reference to accommodating the Senator from
Florida.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Georgia insist on his motion r
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the understanding is that
the bill will not be pressed on Thursday unless
the Senator from Florida be here, I shall have no
i objection.
I The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
; in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
: sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 301) authorizing
! the establishment of a naval depot on Blythe
I Island, at Brunswick, on the coast of Georgia,
j and for other purposes.
I The further consideration of the bill was post-
! poned to, and made the special order for, Thurs-
j day next, at one o'clock.
j REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
I The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration cf the bill (H. R. No.
151) to provide for the settlement of the claims of
II officers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and orphan children of those who died
1 hi the service.
■; Under its provisions the officers of the army of
'.j the Revolution, who were entitled to half pay for
life under the resolutions of Congress of the 3u
'j and 21st of October, 1760, 17th January, 1781,
i May 8, 17dl, and March 8, 17o'5, will be entitled
! to receue the half pay, although the officer may
! have received, in lieu' of it, the commutation ot
full pay for five years, under the resolution ot
1 Congress of March 22, 1733. AH claims which
shall be allowed under this provision are to be
i paid onlv to the officer, if alive, or if he be dead,
i to his widow and children equally, or if there be
■ no widow living, to his child or children, 01* tncu"
