118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
descendants; the issue of any deceased child taking
among them the share of their parent.
It will be the duty fif the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury, when applied to for that
purpose by any one who by this bill is entitled
to receive money, or his or her guardian, to ascer-
tain what is due to such officer, from the time he
' became entitied to the said half pay until his death,
that occurred before the 3d of March, 1826; but
if he died after that time, up to the 3d of March,
1826; which sum is to be paid, after deducting the
amount received for commutation, under the reso-
lution of March 22,1783.
The bill also provides that the benefit of the
resolution of August 24,1780, shall be extended
to th*e widows and orphan children of all officeis
who died in the service at any period during the
war of the Revolution, whether those officers
belonged to the continental line, or to any volun-
teer cores called into service under the authority
of any State; but no payment is to be made under
this clause, except to the widows and orphan
children of deceased officers. Surgeons' mates
are to be entitled to the benefit of the resolution
of January 17, 1781,-and to receive the half pay
of a lieutenant of infantry. It is made the duty
of the Secretary of War, under the direction and-
with the approbation of the President of the United
States, to prescribe such rules of evidence as may
be necessary to earryinto efFcct the provisions of
the act, according to its true intent and meaning.
All payments made by its authority are to be
without interest. In every case the accounting
officer, before he shall order any claim to be paid,
is to require satisfactory proof that the person in
whose name the claim may be presented, is the
bona Jide owner of it, and that the claim or.any
part of it has not been sold, transferred, pledged,
or mortgaged, to any person or persona whom-
soever; and all sales, transfers, mortgages, or
pledges, of any such claims, are declared void.
This act is not to extend to the case of any officer,
or his representatives, who have received either
half pay for life or commutation in lieu of it,
under any special act of Congress. All persons
who apply for and receive the benefit of this act,
are to receive it in full satisfaction of all claims
under any of the resolutions of Congress before
mentioned, and for all losses alleged to have been
sustained by depreciation in the value of the cer-
tificates received as commutation under the reso-
lution of Congress of the 22d of March, 1783.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from South
Carolina desires to proceed on this subject, I
have nothing to say; but it will be recollected
that the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
had the floor on Thursday last upon the Presi-
dent's message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill is
the .special order for to-day.
Mr. BROWN. I know it is; but I did not
know that any one had the floor on the subject.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, T ask the Sec-
retary to read, as the main argument on this
subject, the report made by the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims during the last session of
Congress.
The Secretary read the following report:
Ix tiie SEXATE op the UviTED STATES,
February 21,18.36.
S *n"' ®vans tlle Mowing report, to accompany bill
Mr. Evans, from tiie Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to whom were referied the petitions of divers pel-
sons, praying to have the full benefit of sundry resolutions
ot the Continental Congress for the relief of the officeis of !
the revolutionary army, their widows and orphans, made '
tiie following report:
One of the greatest difficulties which the Congress of
the Revolution and the Commander-in-Chief had to en-
counter was, to iiave a permanent army. For the attain-
ment of tins object every inducement was held out to both
soldiers and officers, and especially to the officers, to remain
in the service. The pay was small; it was paid in a de-
preciated currency, and was wholly insufficient to maintain
a suffering family at home. Under these circumstances,
tiie Commandnr-m-Chief frequently presented to Congress
the necessity of making some peimanent provision for'inch
or tne onicers of tne army as would remain in tiie service
m t?le ^ u'ar' la a Ietter addressed to Congress
on the 20th ot August, 1780, he savs: "On the whole if
something satisfactory he not done, the army (already'so
wl rei!l£ed m officers, by daily resignations, as not to
SL sufficiency to do the common duties of it) must
E Jk  f-fease t0 exis* at en^ °* campaign, or it will
aiKexamPle, of more v,rtue, fortitude, self-denial,
thai?ha* ever >'et been Paralleled in the ,
tntllu&ia£ini- The dissolution of the
ence lchcannot to regarded with indiffer-
ence. it would bring accumulated distress upon us; it
would throw the people of America into a genera) con-
sternation; it would discredit our cause throughout the
world; It would shock our allies. To think of replacing
the officers with others is visionary. The loss of the
veteran soldiers could not be repaired."
On the 2Ut of October, only two months after the date
of this letter, Congress passed a resolution m the following
words: "That the officers who shall continue m the ser-
vice to the end of the war shall be entitled to half pay for
life, to commence from the time of their reduction." This
proposition, there is reason to believe, was satisfactory, as
the history of the time furnishes no evidence of discontent
afterwards. Soon after its passage, that succession of events
by which the whole of the States were reconquered, Al-
lowed in rapid succession: the capture of Yorktown, the
evacuation of Charlestown and New York, the prelimina-
ries of peace, and the final recognition of our independ-
Frora the surrender of Lord Cornwallis the war was
virtually ended, but still it was necessary to keep the army
together. For a period of near two years, the army was
kept in a state of inactivity, more unendurable than a state
ot active warfare. But all tins was borne cheerfully, be-
cause the officers were promised by their country, and ex-
pected to receive, an annuity, small indeed, but enough m
those days of economy to support them m comfort.
But, in the mean time, discontent had arisen in the coun-
try. The society of the Cincinnati was formed, consisting
of officers alone. This was looked upon as the initiative
of a privileged order, consisting of a select number, and all
these receiving a pension from the Government. This
popular discontent, combined with their poverty, induced
the application to Congress to change the half pay for life
for agioss sum to be paid at once, or a compensation limited
to a term of years. This would relieve their present neces-
sities, and free them from the odium attached to their an-
nuity. The result of this was, that Congress, on the 22d
of March, 1783, only a short time befoie the army was
di-banded, pa^ed the resolution " that such officers as are
now in service, and shall continue therein to the end of the
war, shall be entitled to leceive the amount of five years'
full pay in money, 01 securities on interest at six per cent,
per annum, as Congress shall find most convenient, in-
stead of tiie half pay for life, by the resolution of the 21st
day of October, 1783; and said securities to be such as
shall be given to the other creditois of the United States :
Provided, It be at tiie option of the lines of the respective
States, and not of officers individually in those lines, to
acccpt or refuse the same." Under these restrictions,
(which precluded individual election,) and the pressure of
popular odium and pecuniary want, it is understood that
all, or nearly ail, the officers then in service, accepted of the
terms ofleicd, and, at the conclusion of the war, certificates
corresponding to the resolution of Congress were delivered
to them icspectively.
The histoiy of these ceitifk-ates, to those who know
the history of those time<, need not be here repeated.
Congress had no power under the Articles of the Confeder-
ation to raise money without the consent ot the States.
The States neglected or refused to grant the power to levy
duties on imports; neither interest nor principal of the debt
was paid. Depreciation followed, and it is alleged in some
of the petitions that not more than twelve and a half per
cent, wasrealized on^c amount of them. Tliusa captam
who was entitled to $DbO realized only $300 from the saie
or hi* certificate of stock, which his necessity coerced him
to make. It is true, the Government paid the full amount
when the public debt wac afterwards funded ; but the ben-
efit went to the speculators, and not to the officer, who
was thus deprived of his leward by the inability of the
eountiy he had served to pay the debt which was honestly
duo to him, which he had so meritoriou^y earned.
Under these circumstances, the petitioners, who are
the descendants of those officers who received the commu-
tation under tho lesolution of the 2-2d of March, 1783, have
applied to Congress to make good to them now the Josses
sustained by their ancestor-:, as hereinbefore stated.
Upon the merits of these claims your committee are of
opinion :
1st. That the resolution of the 21 st of October, 1780,
was a coi^pct between the Government and tiie officer*.
They performed their part, by remaining in the service until
the end of the war, and were legally entitled to the half pay
for life.
2d. That in the agreement to acccpt m lieu the com-
mutation they expected (and such, no doubt, was the un-
derstanding on both sides) that the commutation should be
in money, or something equivalent.
3d. That it may be doubted whether the acceptance of the
commutation, without a right of a free and individual clee-
tiun, wasan extinguishment of the pnordebt. But whether |
so or not, your committee are of opinion that the contract I
to accept ought not, by a just Government, to be inter- {
posed, when that which was accepted in satisfaction was
not adequate payment. ;
If General Washington's apprehension that the army j
would have been disbanded but for some such provision as •
was made by the resolution of the 1st Oetoher, 1780, then 1
this debt was the price of our independence, and should be !
fully paid. Your committee, there'foie, report a bill for tiie !
relief of the petitioners. 1
the other part? The officers performed their part.
Has the Government performed the part which it
undertook ?
It is said that the Government did perform it,
betause, in 1783, the officers agreed to accept, in
lieu of the half pay for life, a commutation of five
years' full pay. If the officers had accepted it
with a full knowledge of what was to follow, there
might be some foundation for the charge that
they accepted the commutation in satisfaction of
what was due to them under the resolution of
1780.
Here I take leave to remark, in connection
with this point, that payment is always under-
stood to be money, or something equivalent to it.
If the Government issues six per cent, stock in
payment of a debt, that is but a promise to pay;
it is not payment; upon the same principle that,
if A gives his note to B for a debt, that does not
extinguish the prior debt until it is paid. The
six per cent, stock which was issued and taken
by the officers did not avail, according to the
original understanding of the parties. The pro-
ceedings of the officers, anteriorly and subse-
quently, show that tliey expected to get money,
or something that was equivalent to money.
What did they in fact get? They got six per
cent, stock, which, ill the course of two or three
years, (from circumstances over which they had
no control whatever; nor had the then Govern-
ment of these United States any control over
them.) depreciated to twelve,and a halfper cent.;
and an officer who was entitled to §2,400 was
obliged, from his necessity, to accept §300 as a
full compensation for the commutation which he
had received, and agreed to accept, in place of
half pay for life. Under tliesecircunistances.it
is proposed to do that justice now which ought
to nave been done long ago.
This scheme is no new one. It has not origin-
ated with me; it has not originated with the
present Committee on Revolutionary Claims; but
in some shape or form it has been before the
Government since 1810. It -was presented m
1810. It was then reported that the claim was
reasonable, and ought to be allowed. It was
reported on at divers other times in the same
way. So far as I know, by no legislative act
whatever, by no indication of the public senti-
ment of the Congress of the United States, has it
ever been denied that this commutation did not
satisfy the debt. That it was not satisfaction,
nevA has been denied. On the contrary,m 1628,
Congress provided not merely to give'half pay,
but to give full pay to all the surviving officers,
amounting, as the Commissioner of Pensions has
said, to four hundred persons. At a subsequent
period,a lady from Connecticut came here repre-
senting her father, who had been a colonel in the
Connecticut line, and applied. The committee
reported, and she was allowed exactly what this
bill proposes to give to-others.
In 1853, this subject came before Congress
again, upon the petition of Reilly and others.
The committee reported not merely to pay them
the original sum, but to pay it with interest.
When that bill was considered in the Senate the
interest was struck out; and there seemed to me,
from what I could learn, and the newspaper
information which I obtained, that there was a
general disposition in the Senate to n"ow the
claim, but it was thought better that nil should
be provided for, and that legislation should not
be by piece-meal.
This is all I propose to say. Mv object was
merely to explain the bill, and let it pass. If it
becomes necessary, there is a great deal more
that 1 c£.n say on the subject.
Mr. SEWARD. . Mr. President, it is not my
purpose, and esperidlly now a( this " '
■vr- Pvi-vra TIT T> • 1 , • I , ' 1"*'1'""M iany now U! tlllS Stage Of UlO
J . ., , !"■ Pfe^dent, it has always question, to deliver any argument upon it. I
vision m<3 fSt n S° Jus'ln its Pr0' 'j "3e for t!l"- purpose rather of presenting soma
visions, so conformable to the principles of com-j evidence in favor of it, and that evidence is
mon honesty and fair dealing, that I hardly think ' ancient and extemporaneous with the rircum-
ranhf!?nry t0,Say M<?f£ nf°n 'i10 8"ljiect- There :! stances out of which this claim arises. 1 shall
question of the fact that the resolution 'ask the Senate to listen to me while I read to
° Jl®!38 a c2"?rac.t- ri,e 'j1/" Congress said ,j them a letter renting lo thix jwhjeet. It ix an
until tWrnlnffh my; Wil! remain I original letter which has never been transcribed.
until the end of the war, and discharge your duty, i "
you shall have yourhalf pay for life." The con- i
tract was performed upon their part, and they !
were entitled to their reward. The question then  
occors (which I propose to discuss somewhat 1
briefly) has this contract ever been performed on I
I will state, in the first place, the character nf the
person by whom the letter was written. He was
an officer in the revolutionary war. He was
wounded at the battle of Hunker Hill. He was
thanked for his gallantry on that occasion in
general orders, and appointed aid-de-camp to
