1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
General Putnam. He was appointed in June,
177G, ai(l-de-camp to General Washington. He
was wounded in the battle of White Plains, in
September, 1776. He was appointed colonel of
the third Connecticut regiment in 1778, and ac-
cepted that office. He was taken prisoner in
crossing to Long Island in 1779. He was ex-
changed in 1781, and appointed by General
Washington to succeed Baron Steuben in the
command of the whole light infantry of the
army, as brevet brigadier general. The letter is
in these words:
Tuesday Morning, 2d J3ugu$t> 1785.
Dear Shaler: I was in hopes tliat our friend Wads-
worth's situation was such, tliat he could without disad-
vantage to himself,have waited a few months longer tor the
money I borrowed of him. You will be convinced how un-
fortunate it is to me, when I tell you I have no probable
means of raising the money at present, but by paitmg with
my publicsecuiities for almost nothing; they were earned
by a nine years'hard and faithful seivice.and amount to
$*5,704 18-yo, and at present, will sell foi only about £-230
currency. However, the money must be paid; while I
have a shilling I will always fullfiil my engagement*,—'us,
therefore, I now inclose them to you, with a request that
you will advance the money to Col, Wad^worth for ine,
and. if possible, give me a chance of again redeeming them.
But if this cannot be done, let me know it and I wjil take
them to a bioker. Tne particular situation must be my
apology foi the trouble I give you. itis truly pamtul to your
friend and most obedient servant,
SAM. B. WEBB.
On the back is an indorsement in the same
handwriting, and manifestly made at the same
time: " Copy of a letter to N. Shaler with final
settlement notes—New York, August 2d, 1785;"
which shows that this sacrifice was made. The
amount due to this officer, shown by the certifi-
cates which were thus disposed of, was $5,704 18.
The amount of the sale of that sum at ten per cent,
was =£230 New York currency, which was $575.
That is to say, there was realized ten per cent,
upon the whole compensation for nine years' hard
and faithful service in the cause of his country in
the revolutionary war. This officer was prob-
ably among those who were most fortunate and
most favored, having entered the army at the age
of twenty-one, in possession of a large patri-
mony; but his experience was undoubtedly the
experience of nearly all the officers of the army.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I wish to offer
an additional scction to the bill, by which its
provisions shall be made to extend to the officers
who were engaged in the navy of the Revolution.
The object of the bill on your table is, at this late
day, to give some compensation to the officers of
the revolutionary army. In principle, I can see
no difference between the officers of the army
and those of the navy of the Revolution; and
with the overflowing Treasury which we now
have whilst we are, even at this late day, doing
an act of justice to one arm of the service, I can-
not sec why we should not extend it yet further,
by doing the same justice to the other arm of the
service.
I find, by a report which I have in my hand,
that the number of the officers of the army to
whom the provisions of this bill will apply is two
thousand and ninety; and the number of the offi- j
cers of the navy to whom the provisions of the \
bill will apply, provided the amendment which I ■
propose should be adopted, is only eighty-nine; '
and it would require not over one bundled thou- j
sand dollars to compensate all the officers of the i
navy who were engaged in the revolutionary '
struggle, in like manner as the bill compensates ;
officers of the army. The amount involved is
ab^ut one hundred thousand dollars. The num-
ber involved is comparatively few. I do not 1
think we ought to make a distinction between :
the revolutionary army and navy on the ground :
of contract or otherwise. I am willing to vote
for this bill, either in the shape of a gratuity or ;
the fulfillment of a c6ntract. We arc able to j
make, and we should make, some compensation '
to those who weio engaged in that struggle. I ;
cannot see why we should make a distinction be- •
tween the officers of the army and those of the
navy, more particularly when those engaged in
the tatter branch of the service were so few in
number, and it will require so small an amount
to put them on a footing with the officers of the
army. My amendment — I hope it will be
adopted — is to add this clausc to the bill as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted, Tliat the payments authorized
by this act be, and the same are hereby, directed to be made
in like manner to the officers of the navy of the Revolution,
or to their widows and children, as if they had been included
in the resolutions of 1780 and 1781.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I respond very
cheerfully and very heartily to the views of the
honorable Senator from Maryland, in regard to
the liberal spirit in which we ought to consider
this bill; but there is a reason, and it seems to
me a good reason, why the officers of the navy
are not comprised in it as it stands. In the first
place, the resolution of Congress of 1780 did not
comprise the officers of the navy. Probably a
reason may be given why the resolution of the
old Congress did not comprise those officers, and
why we should not regard them on the like ground
now; and that is, the officeis of the navy had
I j their prize money, which the officers of the army
1 had not.
Both these considerations, to my mind, con-
stitute a reason for making the distinction. Al-
though I shall chcerfully go with the Senator
from Maryland in acting in the most liberal
manner towards the surviving officers of the rev-
olutionary army and navy, and the descendants
of those who arc dead, and am willing to treat
them with a liberal hand, I do not think it will
promote the interests t>f this bill, and will not, I
fear, effect all the purposes which the honorable
Senator has in view, to adopt this amendment. I
must therefore vote against it.
Mr. PRATT. If my honorable friend will
follow the course he indicates—if he will vote with
me, I care not for liis reasons. I understand him
to say that he thinks I am perfectly right, and
he responds most cheerfully to the couise that
I propose .should be adopted.
Mr. FOSTER. I respond to the spirit in
which the honorable Senator would have the bill
considered.
Mr. PRATT. We do not care about the spirit
unless he gives us some of the money. [Laugh-
ter.] I appeal on behalf of the officers of the
navy, for a portion of the patronage of the Gov-
ernment. The gentleman may exhaust his spirit
m giving compliments to the army officers if he
thinks proper, but we want some portion of the
reality which is to come from this bill. We will
give him all the spirit if he will give us a share
of the liberality of the Government which is pro-
posed to be extended.
I was aware, although I had not looked into
| the subject much, that the q|gument which the
; gentleman suggests would be the one offered
| against the proposition I have submitted. Now,
| sir, ought that argument to prevail in this matter:
1 The resolution was passed, if I understood cor-
i rectly, in 1780, just before the close of the war.
If my recollection is correct—and the gentlemen
: of the committee will put me right if J should
, be wrong—the navy, during the revolutionary
| struggle, did not continue in existence to the
I close of the war. It was not in existence at the
j time this resolution was passed; therefore, all
j the services which had been rendered by tin;
j officers of the navy of the Revolution been
: rendered antecedent to the passage of tins reso-
! lution; and hence the resolution itself, winch
, was, m terms, that the officers who should con-
tinue to the close of the war in the service should
: be paid, could not extend to the officers of the
j navy, because the navy had ceased to exist.
1 They were no longer m the na\y; but they had
! pcrfoimcd the gallant services for which the
gratitude of the country is due to them. Owing,
! however, to the overwhelming strength of the
1 navy of Great Britain, ours had been swept from
; the ocean; it was no longer m existence; and
therefore there was nothing in their case to which
the resolution of 1780 could be made applicable.
1 Hence there is nothing m the reason which the
, Senator presents why this provision should not
, be made to extend to officers of the navy as
i well as officers of the army. I simply discharge,
: toward a constituent whom I regaid \ery highly,
a duty and an act of justice towards that class
in the United States. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the amendment which I
have proposed.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the two classes of cases have no necessary
connection. The object of this bill is to carry
out, in the spirit in which it was made, a con-
tract; that is to say, the Congress of the United
States promised the officers of the army, that if
they would remain to the end of the war, they
should have half pay for life. The object of this
bill is to carry out that contract; because'it never
has been performed according to the expectation
of the parties. To the navy, no such promises
were made; and they were not made for the ob-
vious reason that in 1780 we had no navy, or
i next to none. There might have been three or
! four vessels afloat; but the greater part of the
| ships had ceased to exist. It is true that in 1775
j and 1776 attempts were made for the creation of
i a navy, and officers were appointed. How long
I they held their commissions 1 do not know. I
i know of only two instances m which they ex-
i isted as late as 1781 or 1782. One was the case
| of Commodore Barney, at the instance of whpse
; representative this application is made. He,
i according to the statement made by his son,
j served to 1784. When Commodore faul Jones
i went out of commission I do not know; but we
j do read hi history of a most gallant service of his
' at a rather late period of the war. With these
exceptions, although I have read very carefully,
} and looked very carefully into the Journals of
j Congress, I do not perceive that we had any
! navy afloat. This was a sufficient reason why
i it was excluded.
j There is another consideration which I beg
j leave to state as a reason why we ought not to
I attempt any amendment. If this bill goes back
| to the House of Representatives, it may rest
there forever, or at least it may rest there until
l the next session. This is but the short session.
! It was several months after the bill was reported
1 to the House, before it could be got up; and in
1 this body, although a bill in nearly the same terms
as this, was reported in February last, X could
never get it up, with all the exertions I made,
1 until August. I have learned from gentlemen
! around me that, if the bill be amended and sent
back to the House, it will be tantamount to a
1 defeat. If officers of the navy have any meri-
, tonous claim upon the country, let their case be
. considered. I understand a memorial has been
, presented by Mr. Barney, and has been referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. I
' can only say, as one member of that committee,
' that it shall have due consideration; and if, upon
investigation of all the facts connected with it, he
J is entitled to be put upon the same footing as the
1 officers of the army, I shall give my vote for
. doing so. But 1 do not choose to give my vote
i until I know what I am voting about. This point
: has not been investigated. We know nothing of
, revolutionary naval history. I know very little
! of it, and I suppose I probably know as much as
anybody else of the naval history of the Revo-
' lution. " 1 think we ought not to incumber this
, bill with any of these provisions.
Mr. PRATT. In answer to the last argument
1 of the honorable Senator, there is one fact which
1 I will state. It seems to me, however, that the
: argument concedes the justice of the amendment
wmoh I present. The honorable Senator says it
ought not to prevail, because, if the bill goes back
to die Hoiu.c, it may not again be reached and
passed there. I find that when a motion was
made to take up this bill m the Senate out of its
1 order, there was a vote of forty-two for, to thir-
teen against, taking it up out of its order. I find
that in the House, when a similar motion was
■ made to take it up out of its order, there were
' one hundred and eleven voting for it, and only
i fifiv-four against it. Now, 1 apprehend that the
^ amendment which I have proposed will rather
add to its stiongth than take from it, in the other
' House. There are, no doubt, many descendants
of the officers of the revolutionary army who are
' regarded with kindly feelings by the members of
that House. If the bill is to go back to the House
at all, the amendment I have proposed will rather
give to, than take strength from it there. Of that
I have no doubt.
Mr. COMEGYS. Mr. President, I am very
loth to interpose any objection to the amendment
pioposed by the honorable Senator from Mary-
land; and if this bill were a proposition to dis-
pense the liberality of the Government to those
persons who assisted in the achievement of our
independence, I should vote for his amendment
with great pleasure. But tins bill, if I under-
stand'it, does not stand on that footing. Those
who ur^e its passage present it in the shape ot
a claim°on this Government, for compensation,
