1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
construction of a naval depot at Brunswick, in
the State of Georgia, It -svas suggested that the
honorable Senator from Georgia desired to be
heard upon that subject, and ought to be heard, and
there was a manifest propriety and an obligation
upon the Senate to wait a reasonable time for his
coming; for it peculiarly and especially concerned
the people of the State which ne represents. But
in regard to questions of broad and universal
legislation, touching no local interest, no State
interests whatever, but touching equally and
everywhere all parts of the United States and all
classes of citizens, it seems to me that while
opportunity for debate and deliberation is given,
there rests upon the Senate also the duty of
action.
Now, what has been the action on this subject ?
It has been here before the Senate, I think, for
five years, since I have been a member of the
body, and it has not been disposed of yet. The
question reaches back a period of seventy years,
to a class who are moldering in their graves.
The persons who are now interested in the pas-
sage of this bill are the children of the officers of
the revolutionary war, and time is crowding them
off towards the common grave in which their
forefathers sleep. If we postpone to-day, and so
through another session, then the question will
be embarrassed by the new one—whether it is
necessary, and just, and wise, to pay to the
grandchildren, or more remote descendants, the
debt which we acknowledge to have been due to
the offieers of the Revolution themselves.
This bill, at the last session of Congress,
through the earnest perseverance of that large
portion of the body, I think, who desired the
passage of this bill, was assigned to-day, and no
other day of the session. Two weeks and more
have elapsed, and I do not know how it may be
with other Senators, but from various parts of
the United States I have received letters imploring J
me to be here and vote for this bill, if I should |
remain of the same opinion in regard to it that I j
have always hitherto entertained. Can we do
more, or arc we bound to do more? Every Sen-
ator in this body has the same equal rights with
the honorable Senator from Georgia, who is
absent. Who can vouch that to-morrow I shall
be here, or the next day, or a future day? Who
can vouch that the honorable chairman of thet
committee who has charge of this subject, the
venerable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Evans,] will be able to atten'd here and conduct
the business to a successful issue, as I trust it is
to be conducted? Where there are sixty mem-
bers of a body, it can scarcely happen that there
will be any day during the ninety days to which
this session is limited, in which some one whose
rights and obligations are precisely equal to those
of the honorable Senator from Georgia, will not
be prevented from attending in his place by em-
barrassments beyond his own control. I am
always desirous—and I think the Senate will
acknowledge that this is my genernl disposition—
to yield to such suggestions; but I feel it tny duty
to come to the support of the honorable chairman,
and say that this question is prematurely raised;
that we can at least mature and perfect "the bill,
and then it will be time for the Senate to determine
whether it will defer final action upon it in order
to hear the honorable Senator from Georgia, or
others who may be absent.
Mr. BROWN. I said in the outset that I was
not disposed to press the postponement, if any
question was to be considered other than that
of the final disposition of the bill. When my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Foot] suggested that !
we might take the question on an amendment 1
which might involve the final fate of the bill, I
said that 1 would object to that, for it was equiv-
alent to taking the vote on the passage of the bill
itself. Perhaps I did not understand the precise
hearing of my friend's remark. But now I have i
a word to savin reply to the Senator from New .
York. _ _ '
This question occupied a somewhat peculiar
position at the last session. The Senator from
Georgia, according to my recollection, was on the
floor addressing tM Senate at length, in opposi-
tion to the passage of the bill, assigning reasons,
with his usual force, and power, and eloquence,
why it should not become a law. The time was
short, and an appeal was made to him to give
way, and let the question pass over to this ses-
sion. He yielded to that appeal, and the question
was postponed. Because he does not happen to
be here at the precise day to which you post-
poned the bill, are we to take it up and force it
through in his absence i Why this haste ? Are
gentlemen afraid to hear the reasons which the
Senator from Georgia may assign against this bill?
Are they afraid that the country shall hear them?
Is there any necessity for this hot haste—for
forcing the bill through to-day or to-morrow?
The Senator from New York has been here
much longer than I have; but if there has ever,
in a solitary instance in the history of the Senate,
been such an exhibition of a want of courtesy as
you will show if you force this question now,
under the circumstances, I at least am a stranger
to it. To take a Senator off the floor in the
midst of his speech, postpone the question, and
then because he does not chance to be present,
after a lapse of three months, at the precise hour
to which you postponed the bill, to take it up
and settle it without giving him time to be heard
—that is the proposition. Why, sir, if you post-
pone a question from to-day unul to-morrow,and
a Senator has simply the floor, without having
uttered a word, and to-morrow comes, and he
is not here on account of sickness, or necessary
business outside of these doors, you will post-
pone the subject until the next day, and until the
next day, so that he shall have an opportunity of
coming. In this case, we took a Senator off the
floor, and postponed for three months the question
on which he was speaking. He has gone away
thousands of miles, and if he does not chance to
be here at the very moment to which you post-
poned the question, you lesume it, consider it,
and determine it, without hearing him to a con-
clusion. As a young and very humble member
of the Senate, I protest against this as being in
violation of all precedent.
If this is to be the rule by which we are to be
governed hereafter, let us all understand it. I
tell the Senator from New York, though I have
never enforced such a rule against him, that if he
insists on it now, I will go for enforcing it here-
after; and when Senators are not in the Chamber
at the moment when a question comes up, I shall
go for considering it then. Let us understand it
on all sides, so that he'reafter, when questions
are postponed to a day certain, the consideration
of them is to be resumed without any sort of
regard to the absentees. I ffpprehend that the
Senator from New York would find, by and by,
that the rule bore as hardly against him as against
the absent Senator from Georgia.
I understand, Mr. President, that there is an
important report from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior bearing on this question, called for at the last
session of Congress, I believe, on your own mo-
tion, sir. [Mr. Clay in the chair.] If the Sec-
retary can conveniently lay his hand on that
paper, I ask for the reading of it at this moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay.)
The Chair will suggest to the Senator fj^m Mis-
sissippi that the motion to postpone is pending.
Mr. BROWN. I make the reading of that
paper a part of my speech. If the paper is not
in the Senate, I do not insist upon its reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
has sent for it.
Mr. BROWN. I supposed it was here. I with-
draw the suggestion for the reading of the paper
now. If it shall become necessary, I shall ask
for its reading hereafter. For the present, I
simply insist on my motion to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until next Mon-
day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope this subject will
be adjusted agreeably to the views of all. I ask
the gentleman from "Mississippi why not allow
the Senate to take the question on this amend-
ment ? I will then vote with him.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let that be so. I
have no objection to that. I withdraw my motion
for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maryland. On that amendment he has
asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to propound a
question to the chairman of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims before the vote is taken on
this amendment. L understand the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland is resisted on the
ground that this bill is confined to those who
have a legal or an equitable claim on the Gov-
ernment, and that, although the cases which are
covered by the amendment are cases of merit,
they are not to be considered in the same class
with those mentioned in the bill. Why, sir, the
fifth section of the bill expressly puts a certain
class of officers (surgeons' mates) within the pro-
visions of the resolution of 1781. That is all I
understand the amendment does as to another
class. We have ourselves absolutely interpolated
a class of officers by this bill, who were not
within the contemplation of Congress.
That is not all. The fourth section of the bill
gives the benefit of this appropriation to those
who confessedly were never included in those
resolutions, to wit: the widows and orphans of
those who died during the war, perhaps before
any of the resolutions were ever proposed. It
seems to me that we must, out of consistency,
either adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, or strike those two sections from the
bill.
While I am on the floor, as I do noj wish to in-
terfere again with this matter, 1 wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the eighth section of
the bill, which provides that no claim shall be'
paid which has been sold, transferred, pledged,
mortgaged, or any part thereof, to any person
If the purpose of that section be simply to pro-
vide that we shall never pay the assignee, or
mortgagee, or purchaser, I am satisfied; but you
declare that you will not pay the original party
whoso poverty compelled him to pledge the claim
—probably the most meritorious of all the persons
that you could reach; and then you have gone on
to provide that transfers, mortgages, and pledges,
are void. I do not know where wo obtain
authority to declare past transactions void, by an
act of Congress. We may say that we will not
pay the mortgagee, but we will pay the original
party, and let him settle with the mortgagee. It
seems to me that this section needs some amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I do not desire to occupy time;
but I wish to say a single word so as to explain
the vote which I shall give. I am in favor of this
amendment. I am in favor of the principle, and
I am in favor of the measure, and hope to see it
passed; but as I think the effect of inserting it in
this bill would be to embarrass the bill, I shall
vote against it.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays
upon his amendment; and they were ordered;
' and being taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 33; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Clay, Geyer. Houston,
Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce. Pratt, and Pugli—10.
N A Yd—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire^ Bialer. Bright,
Brodiiead, Butler, Collamer, Comegys, Crittenden, Dodge,
Douglas, Durkee, Evans, Fessunden, Fiupauick. Foot,
Fostei, Hale, Harlan. Hunter, Iverson, James, Ma?on,
Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shdell, Stuart, Thomson of
New Jertey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
| Mr. BAYARD. I wish to move an amend-
ment, and if it be adopted I shall cheerfully vote
: for the bill; without it, I do not think I can cio so.
It is somewhat dangerous to talk to my friend
i from £\ew York, [Mr. Seward,] when thesesub-
j jects are under discussion. He gave a side blow
i at my amendment in the course of his remarks,
j I happened to mention to him this morning, in
I conversation, that I intended to move it. The
i amendment is in the sixth line of the eleventh
! section, after the words ''deceased child," to in-
j) sen t4or grandchild," so as to make the clause
(' read, "the issue of any deceased child orgmnd-
j! child taking among them the share of their de-
li ceased parent." The Senator from New York
I assumed, in the course of his remarks, that the
1 Senate had determined that this was a bill for the
1 ieliefof the children of revolutionary officers. I
' do not so view it. The Senate have come_to no
! determination; there has been no discussion of
♦ the question. In general, as far as my recoliec-
; tion goes, in all cases where Congress, in the form
! of a bounty, does an act of justice—and this cer-
| tainly is a bounty, it is not a le^al claim the
| bounty has been confined to the lineal descend-
i ants of the party by whom the services were ren-
j dered. This is' a principle which accords with
J the common feeling of mankind. There is no
I reason, on principles appealing to the ordinary
! feelings of humanity, why the child should take
