122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 15,
the whole, and the grandchildren or
children of a deceased offic®r',^eJ-n0rg gSThe
SS to&rfght of represent-
A. i.
remote — seventy years ago. There are gieat
erandcMdren within my knowledge—for I have
feceived letters on the subject—who complain
that because their parents aredeadtheyaretobe
cut out of all remuneration under this bill. 0u&ht
that to be so ? If the officer were alive when the
money was voted,and died intestate, would not
the laws of the States of the Union m general
cive the right of representation to grandchildren.
Under the old colonial system, the right was
limited'to great-grandchildren; but the limitation
of. this bill goes to grandchildren—it stops there.
I do not think that limitation just or sound. JN or
can I be answered by saying that the defect can
be provided for by a supplementary bill; because,
if you distribute the whole fund to which the
officers were entitled, according to your sense of
justice, among one set of heirs, you necessarily
exclude any relief to the others.
The object of inserting these words 1 will
briefly state: Whether you place the proposed
grant on the ground of contract, or bounty, or
anything else, it is a compensation which you
propose to make for services rendered. If the
officer who rendered the service died, leaving
children, the grandchildren are, by the terms of
the bill, to come in with them; but if he has left
the children of grandchildren-—that is, if one
grandchild happens to be alive, and another
grandchild to have died .leaving four or five chil-
dren, the letter are cut out, and not permitted to
take by representation. Is that just or right?
On what principle should you exclude any of the
lineal descendants of the officers to whom your
bounty is to be given in this mode ? You intend
to exclude, and do exclude, the payment of cred-
itors; you intend to exclude collateral kindred.
This may be all right; but, if it were a case of
contract—a case of legal obligation on the part
of the Government—you would have no right to
do that, but you would be bound to pay the
money to the personal representative; that is, to
the executor or administrator, and let the law of
the State of the party's domicile dispose of it in
the payment of his debts, if any existed, or go
otherwise as the law of the State might provide.
As, however, the grant is in the nature of a
bounty, though there is ample justification for it
in the services of the party, you assume the right
to confine the distribution to the individual who
rendered the service, if alive, or to his lineal
descendants. Have you ever decided that it shall
not go beyond his grandchildren? As this bill
stands, it confines the bounty to the grandchil-
dren; and, looking at the period of time which
has elapsed since the services were rendered, the
natural judgment would lead to the conclusion
that you do exclude the issue of deceased grand-
children in a great variety of cases which would
appear hard and unjust. I can see 110 principle
of justice which, while the descent is lineal, would
not allow the tie of kindred to be carried out in
reference to remoter posterity as well as in refer-
ence to the immediate children themselves. As
I have already stated, I have received several
letters complaining that such will be the effect of
the bill as it stands; and having examined it, I
think such will be its effect. I regard the prin-
ciple as wrong.
If my amendment prevails the section will read:
" If there be no widow living, then to his child,
children, or grandchildren, the issue of any de-
ceased child or grandchild taking among them
the share of their deceased parent." No more
than the jure repres&ntationis—not to give an equal
share, but not to' let the issue of a grandchild be
prejudiced because that grandchild happens to be
dead.
I do not attach any weight to the objection
which is urged, that if any amendment be made
to this bill it will fall through. In my judgment
that is a very dangerous principle upon which to
base our legislation. It is hardly supposable that
the House of Representatives will reject the
amendment if it be proper in itself. If the bill
be returned with, an amendment they have no j
authority to go into the original bill again; all J
they can do is to reject ths amendment; and I
then the question may well arise,
amendment is of sufficient importance to hazard
the fate of the bill by insisung upon it? B
it is to become the sett ed doctrine of the Senate,
that we are not to make amendments to House
bills because the House will permit no
ment, we might as well abandon our coordinate
position as members of a common Legislature for
" T 1. UnAtim oncl
this day than of the grandchildren, taking the
remoteness of the event into consideration. But
I could not consent to go on that ground, or else
I should have felt bound to vote against tin- bill.
I should suppose the executive officers having
charge of investigating the proofs, would be able
tn ranuire sufficient evidence of the genealogy 1
bur country. I have known such an argument
to be successful before; I have seen it tell with
evil effect before; and I never mean hereafter,
upon any ground of that kind, to be led to vote
against a material amendment which I think ne-
cessary, upon the presumption, that if we insert
an amendment which the majority 0!ft^ Senate
believe to be reasonable, the bill will fall thiouDh
in the House, because they will be unwilling to
adopt a reasonable amendment. Until they do
so refuse, and until the fate of the bill becomes
hazarded by the refusal on the part of the House
to agree to it, I can see no force in an objection
of that kind.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, I am not willing
to be troublesome to the Senate; but at least, as
I have the paternity of the bill, and it is my own
work, 1 feel bound to say something on this point.
"When I was satisfied that the claim was a just
one, and ought to be paid, the first question that
presented itself was to whom shall it be paid—who
shall have the benefit of this bounty, if the gen-
tleman chooses to call it so? It is m one sense a
bounty, because we may give it or not. We may
withhold it if we choose, although the moral ob-
ligation is one that in honor we are bound to
fulfill. The first question was, shall this be given
to the legal representatives? That would have
been to give it to executors and administrators;
and the result would have been that administra-
tion would be taken out upon the estate of every
man who could come in under the bill, and you
would have to pay the whole number, although
many of them had already received as much as
they were entitled to,and many of them had died
withoutissue. I perceived, therefore, at once that
that would not do.
The next question was, confining it to the offi-
cer's family, who of them shall be provided for?
I drew the bill originally as the gentleman desires
it to be amended—that the money should be given
to the children and lineal descendants. The
word "lineal" was stricken out in the House of'
Representatives. The bill precisely as intro-
duced in the Senate was introduced there; but in
the House of Representatives it was amended, as
I understand, mainly upon the ground (which has
been since very satisfactory to my mind) that, if
you extend this to all the lineal descendants, the
result will be that frauds without number will be J
practiced upon the Treasury; that the claims '
agents will hunt up every man who can by pos- !
sibility have a claim; and, if they cannot find the i
man himself, they will substitute some one for j
ium. |
The simplicity of the bill, as it came from the !
House orRepresentatives, struck my mind with I
great force. It is limited, as the Commissioner
to require sufficient evidence of the genealogy of
the party who presented himself as a claimant,
whether a great-grandchild or grandchild; and
certainly it would be easier to detect the fraud m
regard to the more recent event than the more
remote one. I do not think this objection is a
valid one. ,
The honorable Senator seems to have agreed
with me, originally, in opinion 011 this point I
think the common feelings ot mankind would
dictate that the lineal descendant, whether great-
grandchild or grandchild, (in reference to a pay-
ment which depends on your will alone, and not
upon legal obligation,) should stand in the same
 >U/v m<-vwsl ir > w rvrf'f.isf'lV thti Sfllllft
relation; and the moral claim is precisely the same
in the one case as the other. Hcnce th«; atn-.nd-
ment is required by the principles of justice.
The same law of morals which would require
you to make the distribution to the ohiw*r, where
you are not compelled by any process of law,
would require that you should not excludes
portion of his lineal descendants, and give tne
money by preference to a few.
I submit that my amendment is not answered
in principle, and that therefore it ought to be
adopted. If the House choose to persist m re-
jecting it hereafter, it will be time enough then
for the Senate to determine whether they will
hazard the bill by insisting on the amendment.
Mr.BROWN. I do notebook; to reply either
to my friend from Delaw are or from .South Caro-
lina, because in doing so I should probably pro-
voke remarks from other quarters; but it is per-
fectly manifest that, at this lato hour of th-1 day,
we cannot dispose of the bill now; and therciore
I renew my motion to postpone it until n<-xt
Monday, for the reason assigned on the former
occasion, which I do not choose to repeat. I call
for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman will
force on this question. I hope the Senate will
not be driven to do what it evidently was not dis-
posed to do on the former vote—postpone this
subject. Let us decide the amendments. The
reason for the postponement is to afford the Sen-
ator from Georgia an opportunity of bring heard
upon the bill. That is the reason assigned. We
had compromised that matter, I thuught, by
agreeing to postpone the bill on which it is de-
sired by his friends that the Senator from Geortriu
shallbe heard, (and no one would be mote willing
to accord to him a courtesy than myself,) on con-
dition that we were allowed to dispose of the
amendments. We have disposed of one; another
is presented. Let us dispose of that, and th-.ii
postpone the bill.
Mr. BROWN. When I yielded to the solicit-
ation of my friend from Kentucky, it was  i:h
the distinct understanding 011 my part that wo
of Pensions says, to those cases in which the evi- |! were to dispose of the amendment then j i.d.i
dence is easily procured and easily decided upon. !
It goes no further than grandchildren. You may j
find a man's grandchildren—that is susceptible 1
of proof; but if you go into the third and fourth j
generation you have to go upon conjecture or j
reputation. For this reason I am satisfied with j
the provision which has been made; and I think, j
having the power to do it, with the prospect of i
cutting- off so much fraud as would be practiced 1
if the provision were general, it was wise in the '
House of Representatives to restrict it to grand-.
children. :
Mr. BAYARD. I am sorry that the honor-
able Senator has made an argument which, if
true, is so strongly against the whole bill. I take •'
it for granted that, if there be room for fraud, the
probabilities of fraud would be greater, and the
fraud more easily practiced, in relation to remote
events than recent ones. I presume the birth or
genealogy of great-grandchildren is more recent
than the birth or genealogy of grandchildren or
children. Therefore, if there is to be any fraud
on this subject, 1 rather think the frauds would ;
arise more in reference to the marriage or the .
number of children the original party left, than 1
j in reference to the grandchildren. More of the
I great-grandchildren, probably, would be alive at 'i
and that alone. I did not understand
to include all other amendments, n>> <-■<-'-is what
they might be. If amendments ar- i.mpeied
now, which we can dispose of ty-djy, 1 am ;> r-
fectly willing to go on and eoPSMme the whale
day; but I do not want to sec tins i>o«:-
poned until to-morrow or until tii.- n x; day lor
the consideration of amendments. 111 the anw i,c«
of the Senator from Gior^ia, whom 1 d.Mre to
hear on the lull.
Mr. CR1TTENDKN. Tl.-n H us v.,tc on
the amendment. If Mm <r<-n:>ei«asi do-s n«i wish
to encroach on tn-monovr, let us di$:<«<r-v of tin'
amendment now. Ti.ai w what I desire, \i, order
that we may be left to art upon the ii.il on Mon-
day next, or whatever dny may be assign'd. I
am wiihntr that 11 fdmil go fnvr until Monday,
but not until the amendments are di:.p«<u d <>f.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw tin- pi .turn, if the
Senate m disposed to take the qui m<«r on the
amendment now. I have nft objecii-m to that.
What J want is, that the Hotiutor from (lefirgitl
shall heard before the filial Vote ui taken.
Mr. CRITTKNUKN. I Uum- told the gentle-
man that, so far as my vote will pi, I will agree to
postpone :t when the amendment* are disposed of.
Mr. FiTZi'ATRlCK. I nun %lilmg to sit horn
