1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
until a reasonable hour to dispose of the amend-
ments;*but my understanding was in conformity
with that of the Senator from Mississippi, that
the bill .should be postponed after disposing of the
particular amendment then pending.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not know there
•was to be any other.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I was not aware of it,
either. Now, sir, we have sat until the usual
hour of adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay.)
The Chair understands that the motion to post-
pone is withdrawn.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I merely intended to
remark that the hour of adjournment has already
arrived, and I do not know how long we may be
detained here. I am willing to work until a rea-
sonable hour, and then I want to be permitted to
go home.
Mr. ADAMS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BROWN. I hope not. If the motion is
agreed to we shall have this subject up to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 15, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call on the several States for
resolutions.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, then
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of State, transmitting a statement show-
ing the disbursements of the contingent fund of
the Department of State, the contingent expenses
of missions abroad, dec.; which was laid upon
the table, tfnd ordered to be printed.
COURTS OF MASSACHUSETTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a presentment of the grand
jurors of the district of Massachusetts, m relation
to the inadequacy of accommodations for the dis^j
trict and circuit courts; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
R. G. ELLIOTT AND OTHERS.
Mr. GROW. I ask to have entered a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 556) for the relief of R. G. Elliott and others
was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on Friday last.
Mr. PHELPS. Is it intended to put this bill
on its passage ?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] has the floor on this bill, and I can-
not take it from him. I only ask to have my
motion entered.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent for leave, to introduce a resolution. I
hope there will be no objection. There should
be none. If objection be made, however, I shall
move to suspend the rules.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That this House of Representatives regard all
suggestions and propositions of every kind, by whomsoever
made, for a revival of the African slave trade, as locking
to the moral sentiment of the enlightened poiuon of man-
kind ; and that any action on the part of Congress conniving
at or legalizing that horrid and inhuman traffic, would justlv
subject the Government and cmzens of the United States
to the reproach and execration of all civilized and Christian
people throughout the world.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move, then, to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose 1 have indicated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise a question of order
on the resolution. The Chair called the States
for resolutions. Now, can the gentleman from
Tennessee take the floor from the members from
the State of Maine, which has been called ?
• The SPEAKER. Motions for suspension of
the rules are in order on this day.
Mr. HOUSTON. If a member gets the floor,
lie of course can move to suspend the rules on
this day; but my point is this: the Speaker
announced that resolutions were in order from !
the State of Maine, and the members from that ^
State were entitled to the floor. Now, could the
gentleman from Tennessee take the floor from
them to offer his resolution, and move the sus-
pension of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair said that the
first business in order was the call on States for
resolutions. The gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Etheridge,] and the gentleman fromNorth
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] sought the floor.
The Chair gave the floor to the gentleman from
Tennessee. He asked leave to offer a resolution.
Objection being made, he moved a suspension of
the rules. The Chair holds that the motion is in
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order only by
general consent.
Mr. WALKER. I do not design to enter into
debate, but only to ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee whether, if there is a suspension of the
rules, and this resolution is received, it is his
purpose to call the previous question with a view
of cutting off debate upon the adoption of the
resolution ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will answer the gen-
tleman. The resolution, to my mind, contains a
self-evident proposition. I presume there is no
gentleman here who has not an opinion upon the
question, and I do not wish to discuss it. I shall
move the previous question if I shall succeed in
getting the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask my
colleague if he cannot modify his resolution so as
to leave out all his reasons, his argument, and
his speech? I say to my colleague that I am
[loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"] as much j
opposed to opening the African slave trade as
he is or any other man. [Cries of " Order 1"
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not iu order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not intend
to debate the matter, but I am not to be put down
by my colleague.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I give notice that, if the rules are
suspended, I will offer the following resolution
as a substitute for that proposed by the gentleman
from Tennessee:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to repeal the laws pro-
hibiting the African slave trade.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 140, nays 53; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball. Bar-
bour, Barclay, llenry Bennett. Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom,
Buffinton, Burhngame, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Williamson It. XV. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cum-
back, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, "Dean, De Witt.
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edtc, Edwauls. Emne, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Grange), Giow. Augustus Hall,
Robert B.Hall, Harlan, Hunison, Haven, Hickman, Hodges,
Hoffman, Hollo way, Thomas R. Hovton, Valenttne B. Hor-
ton, Howard. Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett. Kidweli, King,
Knapp, Ivmght.Knowlton, Knox, Kunkeh Leiter, Letcher,
Mace, Humplirej Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mattes-oil,
McCarty, Kilhan Miller. Million, Millward, Mooie, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Momson, Mott, Murray. Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver. Paine, Parker, Pearce, Peck, Pelton. Perry,
FetUt, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ready, Iticaud, Ritchie,
Rivers, Robbms, Roberts, Kobison, Sabm, Sage. Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner. Stanton, Stranahnn,
Swope, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Vail, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron. Cadwaiader C.
Washbume, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff,
and Woodworth—140.
NAYS—Mes«rs. Aiken, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caiuthers,
Caskie, Chngnmn, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Dowdell, Ed-
mundson. Eustis, fevans, Goode, Greenwood. Sampson W.
Harris, Herbert, Houston, Jewert, George XV. Jones. J.
Glancy Jones, Lake, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMuIhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Phelps, Powell,
Puryear, Quitman, Ruffin, Savage, Shorter/William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Talbott. Taylor,
Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollieofier—53.
| So the ruleswere suspended, (two thirds voting
; in favor thereof.)
Pending the call of the roll, the following ex-
planations were made:
Mr. PURYEAR. _ Before I vote upon this
S M
?uestion, I desire to ask the indulgence of the
louse to state that I am as much opposed to the.
revival of the slave trade as any gentleman
upon this floor; but I believe that this resolution
is introduced out of place, and tft&t this is not
the time for it. I shall therefore vote against it.
If the time shall ever arrive when my vote can
affect the question, I shall vote against the revival
of the slave trade.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. In explanation of
the vote which 1 shall give, I will say that I deem
the revival of the slave trade as inexpedient; but
I think I understand the object in introducing
this resolution, and not concurring in that object.
I shall vote " no."
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I desire to say that I
am decidedly opposed to the reopening of the slave
trade; but as I do not perceive that any good can
grow out of introducing that question here, I
shall vote " no."
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to reestablish-
ing the slave trade, and should voteagainsta bill
which proposes to repeal the laws now prohibit-
ing it. But I am against abstractions; and as the
message of Governor Adams, of South Carolina,
is not before us, I record my vote in the negative.
Mr. BURNETT. I am as much opposed to
reopening the slave trade as any man upon this
floor; but believing I fully understand the object
of the gentleman who introduced the resolution,
and that I can understand the inducements which
have led him to present it at this time, I shall
vote " no."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I shall object
to any explanations hereafter.
Mr. JEY/ETT. I would inquire of the Chair
whether, if the rules are suspended, the first ques-
tion will be upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and then
upon the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina has not been received.
If the rules are suspended, the question will bo
first upon the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. JEWETT. I vote "no."
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am not in favor of re-
opening the African slave trade •
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to
debate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not believe that
any gentleman upon this side of the House is.
[" Order!" " Order!"] But I regard the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee as ill-timed,
[renewed cries of" Order! "J out of place, thrown
into the House as a firebrand, [loud cries of
" Order!" " Order!" and great confusion,] and
for the accomplishment of a party purpose. I
therefore vote "no."
Mr. KEITT. I wish to say that if I had been
in the House—[cries of "Orfier!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina desires to state the manner in which he
should have voted had he been within the Hall
when his name was called. That courtesy has
never been refused to any member, and if the
gentleman confines himself to that point, the
Chair thinks he is in order.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to say that had I been
here when my name was called I should have
voted " no;" among other reasons—[loud cries
of " Order !"]—because I considerthe resolution
as improper and irrelevant. What my views are
upon the whole subject I will express, when I
can do so fully.
Mr. GARNETT stated that had he been with-
in the Hall when his name was called he should
have voted " no."
Mr. KELLY stated that he should have voted
" no," had he been in the House when his name
was called.
Mr. GREENWOOD. So far as I am advised,
there is no gentleman upon this side of the House
who is in favor of reopening the African slave
trade, but I shall vote against the suspension of
the rules 0
The result was then announced as stated above.
Mr. ORR. 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Tennessee if he wili ajlniit my resolution as an
amendment ?
Mr. GROW. I object to it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
