124
~ Mr CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage of the resolution.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Tennessee
to let my resolution be introduced as an amend-
ment to the one he has offered, so that the House
may have the choice between them. [Loud cries
of "I object!" "Order!" " Don't withdraw the
call for the previous question,'' &c.}
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think -with the gentleman
himself that it is inexpedient to open the slave
trade; and, if he will consent to let my amend-
ment be offered, I am.confident there will be an
almost unanimous vote of the House against the
reopening of that trade. .
Mr. ETHERIDGrE. If it were impossible for
the gentleman to get in his resolution as I got
mine,I would withdraw the call for the previous
question, and let his resolution come in; but it is
iust as easy for him as it was for me to present
his resolution, and, if objected to, to move a
suspension of the rules for its introduction.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. KEITT. If debate is not m order, I call
the gentleman.to order. No suggestions are
allowed from this side of the House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the call for the
previous question be voted down, will it not then
be in order to move the amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr?]
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope the House
will refuse to second the call for the previous
question.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers on seconding the
previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Sapp were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of my colleague. Will he answer me ?
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will be very
Vjrief. Does my colleague desire to have a fair
expression of this House against the reopening
of the slave trade, or does he wish such an ex-
pression as will be offensive to his own friends
and his own section of the country ?
Mr. BARCLAY. I object to debate. -
Mr. McQ-UEEN. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 appeal to my friend from
South Carolina to withdraw his motion to lay
upon the table, until it is seen whether or not the
House will refuse to second the call for the pre-
vious question, and allow the introduction of his
colleague's amendment.
Mr. McdUEEN. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. MORRISON. I ask that the resolution
of the gentleman from South Carolina be read
for the information of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House,
and can only be read by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. CADWALADER. I appeal to the cour-
tesy of the gentleman from Tennessee to let the
gentleman from South Carolina offer his reso-
lution as an amendment. [Loud cries of "Or-
der!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to make an
inquiry on the question of order. Is it more out
of order—[Cries of "Order!"] I have the right
to make an inquiry 011 the question of order. Is
it more out of order for a gentleman to address
the Chair respectfully than for gentlemen all over
, the Hall to shout " Order! "Order!" [Cries of
" Order! "1
The SPEAKER. It is the right of a member
to call to order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I admit it; but ,
the member must rise in his place and address !
the Chair. " I
The question was taken on seconding the call!
for the prefious question; and the tellers reported '
—ayes 113, noes 67.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of T ennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on ordering- the main question to be put;
and I ask whether, if the House refuse to order
the mail* question to be put, it will not be com-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
petent for the gentleman from South Carolina to
then offer his amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It will; but the resolution
will lie over until to-morrow.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[A message m writing was
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.] .
The question was taken on ordering the mam
question to be put; and it was decided m th6
affirmative—yeas 125, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Bufflnton, Bur-
lm°aiue, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Lhaffee,
Bayard Claike, Ezra Olark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins,
Craem, Cullen, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Mwards,
Emeie, English, Ettaericlge, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Siddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Haroson, Haven, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas
It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Haghston, Kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Lindiey, Mace, Samuel S. Maisliall, Matteson,
McCarty, Killian Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott,.Muriay, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Pnngle, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts,
Robison, Sabm, Sa e, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranalian, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs-
ton, Todd. Tyson, Underwood, VaU, Valk, Wade, Wake-
inan, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Barksdale, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caruthera, Caskie, Cling-
man. Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Davidson,
Jacob C. Davis, Dowdell, Edmundson, Eustis, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Iieitt, KeHy, Kidwell, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peek, Phelps, Powell,
Puryear, Qiutman, Ready, Rivers. Kuffin, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William
It. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, 'Swope, Talliott, Taylor,
Trippe, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Wmslow, Daniel B.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—84.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MAXWELL requested the privilege to
state the reasons for his vote.
Mr. GROW objected.
Mr. McMULLIN stated that he was opposed
to reopening the slave trade, but could not vote
for the resolution because of the terms in which
it was couched.
Mr. AIcdUEEN. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table; and on that motion de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us have a direct vote
on the resolution; one vote will settle the matter.
Mr. McQ.UEEN. I decline to withdraw my
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 137; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S,
Bennett, Boeock, Boyce, Branch, Iliooks, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Dow-
dell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Sampson VY. Harris, ThomasL. Hams, Herbeit, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glanoy Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMulhn,
McQueen, Slillson, Morrison, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Sandidge,
Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed,
Stephens, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Walker, War-
ner, Wheeler, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wnght—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay, Ilenry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Bur-
lmgame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cullen,
received from tha
Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan;
Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hottman, Itollowav. Thomas R.
Hoiton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, kel-ey,
Kenriett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunki'l, .
Leiter, Liridley, Mace, Alexander K, Marshall. Humphrey >
Man-hall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCartv. Kil.Vm ,
Miller, Smith Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan^ Morrill, :
Mott, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver. Paine.' Parker;
Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pik- Por-
ter, Pnngle Purviance, Puryear, Ready, Rieau.l, Ritchie,
Rivers,Robbms, Roberts, Ilobison, Sabm, J?ai <"', "
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Weils, Whitney,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, anil ZoilicolTer—K>7.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question then recurred upon ihe adoption
of the resolution; upon which the yuasdud nays
had been ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask to be excuatd from
voting on the adoption of the resolution. If this
were a measure of legislation, i would vote uii the
one side or the other. I am ready to von: for a
resolution condemnatory of the slave trade on
grounds of expediency, humanity, and mutaiity.
[Cries of" Order i"] I Will not be half a minute.
I wish to state the reasons for my request. The
rule says:
"Every member who shall be in the House when the
question is put shall give hw vote, unless !ir>u e, for
special reason, shall eicuse him.'"
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
ordered, and the gentleman cannot debate the
question.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not ask to debate it ;
I merely wish to give " the special reason'5 for
my request to be excused from voting on the
adoption of the resolution. A vote for or against
the resolution will place me in a false position.
There are parts and bearings of the resolution
to which I have objection, and I cannot con-
sistently vote for it; while I am in favor of the
general objects of the resolution, and ato therefore
unwilling to vote against it. For these reasons,
like some of my colleagues, I desire to be excused
from voting at all, as neither an affirmative lior a
negative vote will represent me correctly.
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to excuse.
Mr. MILLSON. I do nnt desire to consume
the time of the House; and if the yeas and imya
are ordered, I will withdraw my motion. lly
request is made in good faith.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the call fur the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken on excusing Mr. Mili.-
sos from voting on the resolution; and the muuon
was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the resolution;
and it was decided in the affirmative — yeas 152,
^ays 57; as follows:
YEAS — Meters. Akers, Albright, Allen, Allison. B;ul,
Barbour, Barclay, Henry Bennett. Beiwsn, niUn-iihur-*,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw! Brenton. Bmons, Uuf-
Snton.Burhngame,Cadwalader,Jawc> li.Campbrll. Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Chirk. Ciavi - >uy
Coifav, Comins, Cov, Crasnn, Cullen. Cumbaek. Dut.m 1!,
Jacob C. Davii, Timothy I)avis; Day. Dean. De \V;u.
Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Eihe/Ktiwards
Etheridge, Flagler. Thomas J. D. I'uJkr. GnUowcv, Gli-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Augustus Hall. ik>b u 1>.
Hall, Harlan,Thomas L. Harris. Harrison, llav*>n„ Uu-k-
man, Ilodees. Hoffman, Hollow ay, Thomas Ho'wn,
Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston^ J. Glarscy Jones,
Kelly, Kehey. K>nnett, King, Knapp, Knight, KnowHon,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Alexander K. M:ir-La
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, * M . Mc-
Carty, Kiihan Miller, Smith Miller, Milhv ini <r'-. V< -r-
gan, Morrill,Morrison,Mott. Murray, Xtcnol-. X <rV'H. \i-
drew Oliver, Packer, Paine, Parker, Pearo \ I't\ k P« ,u  ,
Pewiingtou, Perry, Pettu, Pike, Porter, PruiaU-. 1'u. * .a<r ■ ,
Puryear, Ready, Rieauct,Ritchie, River-*, n-,
Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp. Scott, ShcM"..
William R. Smith, spmner,'Stanton, .Stranahim,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tv-ou.
Vail, Valk, Wade. Wakemari. \Valbru!?*-. r.-ul
waladerC'. Vv'a^hburne. Elhhu B VWl,b<irs,-\ i-r s< I \\ t-h-
burn, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Wh*tw\, Wnir.t:;*-, \\ ahI,
Woodruff, Woodwortii, and
XAYrf—Messrs. Aiken, liark-tSaic, lh  «!! •> £
Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Burnet!, J"h.i V
Caruther?, Ca-kie, Uinsinan, Wsl.i.ur.-.'n R W. c*
Crawford.Da\td-on,l)fisv-i'.D I'l
Eustis, Evan*, i-'lonwe. To t«*r. in- -,!- ,
wood, Sampson W ll.irr.-. H- r?. r'. Ho'i'-fM!. J'-ft- tt,
George W. ,lone-'. K'ei!?, l.'t -h*T. Lut:i,v if.. M.tt-
well, Mc.Muiim, MoUu-cn. M t.:- c.u 'his-r. o?r,
Powell, Qmnnan, Rumn. S ivis**, S
'tfk T.i\bn,
tner, U Ihtnn 1 li. Wngiit. ani
So the resolution was a^re«.d to.
Pmditig- tht call uf the roil, t!u fa,
ceodin^s t<;ok place-
Mr El fi'l'IS, Inasmuch as my frit r.d frfrn
Tennessee [Mr. F%THKiur uf:j fU to
impose the ^ag-rulr upnn us, and as I to
, „ - , - ,  r, ,—  vou? undersiandui^ly, 1 want to know (nun the
fve i: wlu-th*.r 1 « n have my reasow for gm i
Scott, Sherman, Sim mrrns, Will,a,!, 1 i' l'": Vf.R wli,eh 1 iulW1(i Upon the
Stsnton.Straaahai),Tappau, Thonnpon, Tbuntun. Trwld! •'
fy^on, Underwood, V:ul. VaHc, H^ VVatoman. Wai- !i TIl- SPEAKER, h can b< done only l>y
unanimous consult. '
xuauerwooa, y an. vaHc, Wade, Wakeman. WaJ- :
ondgoj \\ aldroji. Cadwaladei C. Wadhburne# £lhhu B. i
