1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
Mr. EUSTIS. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent.'
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. Read them in order, that
we may know what they are.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. EUSTIS. 1 vote against the resolution,
not that 1 am in favor of the revival of the slave
trade, for I believe there is but on® opinion upon
this subject.
Mr. GROW. I object. [Cries of " toder."]
Mr. EUSTIS. It seems to me that it is a mere
•matter of courtesy which might be extended to
me.
Mr. GROW. My objection grows out of no
discourtesy to the gentleman.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania being permitted to make
remarks.
Mr. EUSTIS. Those reasons can be stated
in a very few words; and I ask the Chair if they
cannot be read.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House they cannot be read, except by unan-
imous consent, as they are in the nature of
debate.
Mr. EUSTIS. I vote against it, because I
look upon the resolution as uncalled for, as un-
warranted, and "full of sound and fury, signi-
fying nothing." [Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. GROW. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, there is not
quite enough cheese on this " figure 4" to catch
me. The attractive trap is not quite well enough
baited, as beautifully gilded as it is, to be deceived
by it. The real purpose to my mind is too appa-
rent. I am quite~as decidedly and as strongly
opposed to reopening the African slave trade as
anyone in this broad land, believing it to be con-
trary to the spirit of the age, and repulsive to the
most acute and sensitive feelings of philanthropy
and an enlarged humanity; but as I cannot see that
any practical good is to result from an introduction
of the subject here, or why the valuable time of
this short session of Congress should be taken up
either witli the discussion or agitation of it, in the
form and manner in which the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee presents i^P
vote in the negative.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Is it in order to
explain the vote I give ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will vote then,
and I vote for all that part of the resolution which
denounces the slave trade. [Cries of " Order !"
"Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask to be excused from
voting upon tins unnecessary and nonsensical
resolution.
Mr. SAGE. I move the gentleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I am decidedly-
opposed to the revival of the African slave
trad e 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. But upon this
resolution I vote " no."
Mr. ORR. If I can get the floor, I shall give
my opinions hereafter in the shape of a resolution.
I vote " no."
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, lam very much
opposed to voting on such a resolution as this,
and before doing so address an inquiry to the
Chair. I inquire of the Chair whether all dec-
larations, resolutions, innuendoes, suggestions,
and propositions, by whomsoever made, suggesting
or intending that the present Congress will con-
nive at or legalize the slave trade, are not dis-
honest, fraudulent, and false, and made for po-
litical effect?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. SAVAGE.* I vote "no."
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the renewal of the slave trade, but upon this res-
olution I vote "no," because I believe the pur-
pose of it is wrong.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, stated that he was
against the revival of the slave trade, and
the resolution, and therefore voted "no.5
Mr. SNEED. On this stump, speech I vote
"no." [Laughter.] ^
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I am opposed
to the policy of reopening the slave trade. The
people whom I represent, and I believe I can say
that nearly the whole of the people of Tennessee,
are opposed to that policy. But whilst I am
utterly opposed to that policy,! am also opposed
to the resolution offered by my colleague, be-
cause, sir, I believe it has effected precisely
the object which he intended it to have; that
was, sir, to open afresh and again a question
which I hope will soon be banished from this
Hall; and to divide and distract a party to which
he is bitterly opposed was another object of the
resolution. This latter object he cannot effect,
however much he may have desired it. Sir, I
vote "no." [Criesof<kOrder!"frequentlyinter-
rupted the remarks.]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would have preferred
to have an opportunity to change the phraseology
of the resolution; but as no alternative is given
to me but to vote for it or against it, to avoid
misconstruction of my sentiments I will vote
"ay."
The SPEAKER. It will be the duty of the
Chair to call gentlemen to order when they vio-
late the rules by indulging in debate. Objection
has been repeatedly made, and debate is not in
order.
Mr. CADWALADER. I vote in the affirm-
ative, and by way of explanation [Cries of
"Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
the question.
Mr. CADWALADER. I have no desire or
intention to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
for what purpose he rises.
Mr. CADWALADER. I rise to state the
special reason of my vote.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. The
gentleman has not the right, and it cannot be
allowed by the Chair.
Mr. CADWALADER. Under the rule I have
a right to state the special reason of my vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. If
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will state the
rule which confers that privilege, the Chair will
accord it to him.
Mr. CADWALADER. The rule referred to !
by the gentleman from "Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] j
and commented upon by the Chair. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that j
rule does not give the gentleman the right to j
state his reasons. j
Mr. CADWALADER. Then I ask the con- |
sent of the House to allow me to say [Cries \
of "Order!"'" Order!"] j
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The j
Chair understands that the privilege formerly al- ;
lowed to members of the House to give reasons 1
for their votes, was rescinded by the House ten
or eleven years ago. But it is m order, when a
member is called upon to vote, to ask to be ex- !
cused, and the House may excuse him for special ,
reasons; but that does not apply to the case of ,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. t
Mr. CADWALADER. Then I ask the nnan- j
| imous consent of the House to enter my protest 1
! against that part of the resolution which might, if
j unexplained, imply an assumption on the part of ;
! this House of a right to censure a recent public I
! act of the chief magistrate of one of the States :
! of the Union. I vote for the resolution. j
• Mr. C. took his seat amid loud calls to order j
i by the Speaker and by the House« j
j Mr.McMULLIN. Some of my friends thought ;
I I desired to dodge this question by asking to be |
I excused from voting. i
I The SPEAKER. For what purpose does the j
| gentleman lisp ? !
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the purpose of j
voting, and I vote " no," against this demagog- <
ical resolution. ;
The vote was then announced as stated above. ;
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and ■
also move to lay the amotion to reconsider upon |
the table. j
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I call forth#* y*as !
and nays " |i
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on the yeaa
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; nor were the yeas
and nays.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. ORR. | ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient, unwise, and contrary to
the &euled policy of the United States, to repeal the laws
prohibiting the African slave trade.
Mr. BARCLAY. X object.
Mr. ORR. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have indicated; and on that motion
call for the yeas and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was taken; and it was decided in
j the affirmative—yeas 181, nays 10; as follows:
j YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers. Albright, Ailen, Allison,
| Bail, Barbour, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
j Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton, Bu£
; finston, Burhngame, Burnett, Cadwalader, James H. Camp-
bell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bay-
ard Clatke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clingman. Williamson
ft. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Crasrin, Cumback, Damrell,
Davidson. Jacob C. Davis, Dean, "Denver, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Elliott, Emrie, English, Etheridge, Eustid. Evans,
Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Tbomgs J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Grow,
Augustus Hail, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Sampson W". Har-
m, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Ifavcn, Herbert, Hick-
man, Hodees, Hoffman. Hollo way? Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Houston,Howard, Hughsfon, Jewett,
George W. Jones. J. Glaney Jones. Keitt. Kelly, Kelsey,
Kennert, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight,'Knox, Kunkei,
Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lindlev, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matron, ."Maxwell, JVIcCarty, MeMullm, Killian
Miller, Smith Miller, Milhon, Milhvard, Morgan, Mcnill,
Morrison, Mott. Munav, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
On. Packer, Fame, Paiker, Pearce, Peek, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Pet'ut, Phelps, Pike. Poiter, Powell, Pringle, Pur-
vianee. Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie. Rivers. Robbin?, Roberts,
Rohison, Kuffm, Sasrc, Sapp. Savage', Scott. Sherman,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith. William R. Smith, Sneed,
Spinner, Stanton, Stephen?, St/anahan. Talbott, Tappan,
Taylor, Thonngton, Thurston. Todd, Trippe, Ty<on, Un-
derwood, Vail, Valk, Wade. Wakeman, Walbridge,'WaI-
dron, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wa^hburne. Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Wms-
low, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, John V. Wright, and
Zoiheofr'ei—181.
NAYS—Me^rs. Barclay, Barksdale. Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Brooks, Ciawford, Day, Gamett, Quitman, Shorter,
and Walker—30.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GtUITMAN said: Mr, Speaker, will it be
in order to amend the resolution if the rules be
suspended?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. G,17ITMAJN\ There are two words I
should like to see stricken out of that resolution.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ORR. It is due to the gentleman from
Mississippi to state, that if the rules be suspended
I shall call for the previous question on the pas-
sage of the resolution.
Mr. Q.UITMAX. I vote no, then, as the
gentleman from South Carolina is determined to
call for the previous question.
Mr. KEITT. I vote ay, out of compliment
to my colleague; but on the passage of the reso-
lution I shall vote no.
Mr. FLORENCE. Inasmuch as this matter
has been lugged in, not by this but by the other
side of the House, I vote to suspend the rules,
with a view to the introduction of the resolution
of the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. CARUTHERS said that if lie had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
would have voted m the affirmative.
Mr. BROOKS. It is not m order to give the
reasons for my vote ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BROOKS. I vote in the negative.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. ORR called for the previous question.
Mr. BOYCE. I have a substitute for my col-
league's resolution, which I ask may be read for
the information of the House. The resolution
was read, as follows:
ResoU-eJ.Thnt the House of Representative-, expr^-ing,
as they believe, public opinion bath North and South, are
utterly opposed to the reopening of the slave trade.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I ask my friend from South
Carolina to withdraw his call for the previous
question, to enable me to offer an amendment to
