1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
COLONEL SUMNER'S KANSAS LETTERS.
Mr. DODGE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate copies of all letters addressed
to the War Department, and to Wilson Shannon, late (*ov-
ernoi of the Teiritory of Kansas, by Colonel p. V. Sum-
ner, United States Army, relative to Kansas affairs, which
have not been heretofore communicated.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That there be printed for the use of the Senate,
fourteen hundred additional copies of the report of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims m relation to the bill
providing for the settlement of the claim? of the officers ot
the revolutionary army, and the widows and orphan chil-
dren of those who died in the service.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
construction of a railroad and telegraphic com-
munication between the Atlantic coast and the
Pacific, and for other purposes.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN", by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to bringin abill (S. No.
473) to provide for the location of certain con-
firmed private land claims in the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes; which was read j
the first and second times by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 475)
relating to the acknowledgment of deeds, &c., in
the District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the i
District of Columbia. _ j
Mr. WILSON, agreeably to previous notice, j
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. i
No. 47G) amendatory of an act passed May 30, j
1854, entitled " An act to organize the Territo- j
ries of Nebraska and Kansas;" which was read
thefirstand second times by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Territories.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. '
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Hope S. Newbold, widow of Charles
Newbold, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 477) for the relief of Charles New-
bold's heirs; which was read and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
announcing that the House of Representatives
have passed a bill (H. R. No. 617) to amend the
twenty-eighth section of the act of Congress, ap-
proved the 30th of August, 1842, entitled "An
act to provide revenue from imports, and to
change and modify existing laws, imposing duties
on imports, and for other purposes,"prohibiting
the importation of obscene and indecent articles,
so as more effectually to accomplish the purposes
for which that provision was enacted; in which
they request the concuirence of the^Senate.
PUNISHMENT OF CRIME.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice has not been given, for the pur-1
pose of reference, entitled "A bill in addition to j
an act more effectually to provide for the punish- j
ment of certain crimes against the United States, i
and for other purposes." I wish to call the atten-'
tion of the Committee on the Judiciary particu-
larly to this bill, which I propose to submit and
refer to that committee. It is intended to remedy ;
certain defects in the criminal law. Tt has been i
found recently in two cases in the first circuit j
that, for the crime of manslaughter, where the j
mortal blow is given on the sea, and the death j
ensues on shore, there is no punishment. Al-'
though that crime had been committed, the indi-
vidual committing it escaped recently on that j
ground. It is an omission in the law. There is i
also another case of a somewhat similar charac-
ter, and that is the case of poisoning which does ,
not result in the death of the person poisoned. ;
There is no punishment for that offense. These j
are defects which need correction. i
There is, also, a very singular anomaly in the
criminal law, for which this bill provides. It is
found that the offense of assault with a danger-
ous weapon, when death does not ensue, is now
punishable by three years' imprisonment, with
hard labor; and the same offenses, when death
does ensue, is punishable by three years' impris-
onment without hard labor. This bill provides
for remedying that apparent inconsistency. .1
ask that it may be read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, leave was given to
introduce the bill S. No, 474, in addition to an act
" more effectually to provide for the punishment
of certain crimes against the United States, and
for other purposes;" and it was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
CREDITORS OF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceed-
ed as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 44) granting further
time to the creditors of Texas to present their
claims, and for other purposes. It proposes to
extend the time fixed by law, within which the
creditors of the late Republic of Texas may file 1
their claims, to the first of January, 1858, and j
repeals so much of the joint resolution approved i
August 8, ,1856, as requires the Secretary of the ;
Treasury to pay the residue of the $7,750,000 pro j
rata among those creditors who have filed their
releases. ^ j
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I would not in- j
trude the consideration of this resolution upon the 1 ]
Senate at this time, but for the. fact that a joint ,
resolution was passed at the close of the lastses- I
sion of Congress extending untilthe 1st of Janu- '
ary next the time, which was then about to ex- ;
pire, within which the creditors of Texas should
file their claims. The resolution, after making
that provision, further enacted:
<;.And after payment thereof, the said Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized and required to distribute and pay
the residue of the said $7,750,000 then remaining m the
Treaf-uiy, pro rata amongst all the s-aid holders who may
have proved their claims and executed the proper releases
on or before the 1st day of January next."
If, therefore, anything is done by Congress, it j
must be done promptly, or it will be too late. ]
The Senate called upon the Secretary of the !
Treasury, by a resolution adopted on my motion |
at the commencement of this session, to ascertain j
what amount of those claims was outstanding. I j
will read his communication: |
Treasury Department, December 9, 1856. i
Sir : In compliance with the resolution adopted by the j
Senate on the 3d instant, m the following tPMos: ><Re- j
solved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be required to i
inform the Senate what amount of the claims against the
late Republic of Texa**, provided to be paid by the act of ,
Congress of 38th of February. 1865. has not been presented :
for payment,v I have the honor to state that the aggregate ;
amount of the debt of the late Republic of TeAas, to which !
the appropriation of $7,750,000, contained in the act of Con- '
gress referred to, was applicable, according to the specifi- |
cation in detail of each description of such debt set forth m ;
the act of the StateofTcxas of February 1, 1856, accepting
the act of Congress, was £10.078.703 21.
Up to the 13th of June last, when the notice given by this
Department under the fourth section of the act of Congress
expired, therp had boon presented hore for ■settlement evi-
dences of such deht amounting to .$9,670,084 5i>.
Since the 13th of June thcie have been presented here
evidences of such debt, which have been recognized under
the joint resolution ot Congress pa«ed on the IStb August
last, to the amount of §130,671 70, making, with those
pieuou«ly presented as before stated, the aggicgate sum of
$9.800,7ot) 22, and leaving outstanding, and not presented
for payment, the sum of S277.9-lt5 99 of tfic aggiegate
amount ol the debt of the late Republic of Texas, as speci-
fied in the act of the estate befoie mentioned. According
to the information of this Department, deuved from that
act, the Ian named sum is the amount of the eia'irn not
presented tor payment to tins date, hut the Department has
been mfoimallv applied that evidences of Texas debt in
the hands of individuals will be presented here before the
1st January ptobably to the amount ot' about $100,100.
As to the authority of Consre.-s to direct In law trie pay-
meqJ.of an appropriation, whether m nccoidance with the
views of public obligation entertained bv tins Department
or otheiwise, I do not propose to submit any suggestion.
But there is one fact not ir'-wrdHy known, which ought to
be stated on account of its bearing on the expediency of the
new distubution, without the assent of Texas, or the bal-
ance of the appropriation of $<.750,000 which may remain
in the Tieosmy on the 1-t of January next, as seems to be
contemplated by the terms ot the joint resolution of the
18th August last.
Of the claims presented here previous to the 13th of
Jnnp, by the holders of valid evidence-? of Texa* debt,
! within the compact between the United State? and Te.\a*,
( the }iro rata payments on.about §4h0«0u0 have not been
made from the Treasury, either because tue title of the
holders has been decided by the accounting officers to be
defective, or because the right to receive payment thereon
from the Treasury is in litigation between the holders and
other claimants of the same funds. The greater part of
this amount is now the subject of suits at law, or in equity
in various courts of the States or of the United States.
None of the parties can fairly be regarded a&being in fault
for this delay. Payment from the Treasury has been with-
held under the rule of this Department, coeval with its
establishment, that where adverse claims are presented in
good faith, and on sufficient grounds, to the same ftmd
payabl e by law from the Treasury, it will pay neither until
these conflicting claims shall be decided by the judgment
or decree of a competent judicial tribunal. This Depart-
ment is possessed of no means or machinery for trying
controverted questions of fact between individuals, upon
which their respective rights to mcaey, payable from the
Treasury by law, may depend. On iJliiig duiynotified that
process was pending in courts of competent juiisdictton for
the judicial determination of the rights in eoiifhctm these
ca?es, payment has been suspended by this Department
until it shall be duly notified of the decisions in favor of
< one party or the other. Should this Department undertake
and carry out the distribution of the balance of the appro-
priation remaining m the Treasury on the 1st of January,
among those claimants who shall have presented and proved
their claims previous to that day, it is obvious that these
claims, payment of which hac bpen, and will probably con-
tinue to be delayed beyond that day, cannot be discharged
when the lawful right to the proceeds may be determined,
except by another appropriation.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRTE,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. J. D. Bright,
President of the Senate of the United States.
The Senate will remember that, by the provis-
ions of the act making a distribution among the
creditors of thf $7,750,000, it was to apply to a
certain class of debts which was named, and those
creditors were to be paid pro rata. That law
was not to go into effect until ^.was assented to
by an act of the Legislature of tne State of Texas,
which act was to be filed in the Treasury Depart-
ment. The class of creditors to be provided for
by the act appropriating $7,750,000, was speci-
fied as embraced in two decisions—one made by
Mr. Corvvin, while he was Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and one made by the present Attorney Gen-
eral. To those creditors the appropriation of
$7,750,000 was made. The State of Texas ac-
cepted the proposition of the United States in
regard to the payment among those creditors pro
rata. To make the matter plain and beyond all
doubt, in her act of acceptance she reenumerated
the very creditors who were included in those
two decisions. A particular list of these claims
was on file in the Treasury, appended to Mr.
Corwin's decision. A similar schedule of the
claims described in the act of Congress is ap
pended to the opinion of Mr. Cushing, and they
are reenumerated in the act of Texas accepting
the proposition, so that no mere conditions sub-
sequent can render it doubtful as to what part of
the debt of Texas was to be paid.
There was another provision which was in-
tended to force the creditors to come in; and that
was, that the Secretary of the Treasury should
give ninety days'notice for all persons who held
claims against'the late Republic of Texas to pre-
sent them; and claims were not after that date to
1 be received. Congress, at the last session, saw
' proper to remove that injunction, and to extend
i the time of presenting the claims to the 1st of
i January next. Two or three hundred thousand
, dollars'have been, or, as the Secretary says, will
i be, presented before the 1st of January, reducing
: the amount of the surplus to about §170,000,
I which, taking the pro rata, will leave to be dis-
i tn bated among the creditors who have signed
| releases, if this joint#esohuion continues in force,
! about one cent and forty-hundred ths on the dol-
i lar. This money will be taken from the most
; meritorious class of creditors, and distributed to
■ those who have been content and signed their
I releases. In the first place, the litigation as to the
i $400,000 spoken of by the Secretary, to determ-
ine who is the right owner of it, will not be
- determined by the 1st of January; but X presume
i there is no creditor so rapacious as to desire the
; distribution of that fund—I think certainly there
i is no Congress which would back a creditor in
\ asking for such a distribution. Because theie
[ happens to be a litigation undetermined, suieiy
1 Conjrress will not say that a creditor whose right
is litisrated should be forever debarred, and otner
creditors take what belongs to him, and was never
intended for them. . .
i Then there will remain, after that is disposed
'■of, some $170,000 of the aggregate on which
:i seventy-six per cent, has been paid There will
! remain, therefore, of fhedebt specified in the act
