THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1856.,
New Series....No. 9.
before I sit down, to move the reference of this
resolution to the Committee on Finance. X think
it must be perfectly obvious to the Senate, from
the explanations given by the honorable Senator
from Texas, that this is a matter which requires
considerable investigation before we act. I have
before me the statutes which have been passed
upon the subject; and as a number of my con-
stituents are interested, as creditors of the State
of Texas, in the disposal of the fund that now
remains in the Treasury, I desire to say a few
words, in order that the Senate may clearly
apprehend the position of this fund now, and
pause before it repeals the legislation of the last
session of Congress.
We all remember, sir, that there was a large
mass of public debt due by Texas, the holders of
which claimed that the Government of the United
States was responsible for their payment. For a
lone series of years the attention of both branches
of Congress was repeatedly called by the creditors
to their claims, for what they deemed justice due
to them by the Government of the United States.
After much difficulty, we finally succeeded in pass-
ing an act in the year 1855, by which the Govern-
ment of the United States anticipated the payment
of the interest on the §5,000,000 which had been
reserved out of the $10,000,000 appropriated by
the compromise measures - of 1850, to satisfy
Texas for the cession of a disputed boundary-
claim. The act of 1855 provided an appropri-
ation of §7,750,000 for the settlement of the claims
of those creditors. It was known at the time—
admitted by those Senators. who represented
Texas, that this sum of money was less than
the indebtedness of Texas; and it was accord-
ingly provided in the act, that the consent, both
of"the State of Texas to this appropriation of
$5,000,000 and interest, and the consent of the
creditors, should be given; and that upon that
consent being given by both the interested parties,
this sum of $7,750,000 should be appropriated to
the creditors who should give a final release of
all their claims against Texas. I so understood
the act at the time. I so read the act now. And
further, that there may be no difficulty in the
construction of this act, there is a reservation in
it in favor of the State of Texas, and that res-
ervation she has claimed, as I understand, and
payment has been made to her under it. To the
rest of the fund she has, in my judgment, not
the shadow of a claim.
Mr. RUSIC. Nor is she setting up any.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did understand from the
resolutions of the Legislature, which were pre-
sented by the honorable Senator, that the State
of Texas set up a claim to the surplus remaining
in the Treasury after all claims shall have been
presented, and shall have received a dividend
equal in amount to that already received by cred-
itors who have presented claims.
Mr. RUSK. So far from it, she protests against
this redistribution, which will give her one and
forty hundredths per cent, on what she has al-
ready received—some three hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a dispute as to
the construction of the act of 1855, between the
creditors who have already presented their claims
and the State of Texas, in relation to their rights
upon the balance in the Treasury. The honor-
able Senator says that the distribution to which
each creditor of Texas is entitled under the act,
is a. pro rata on the $7,750,000, established upon
the hypothesis that the entire amount of debt
was to be presented. The act says no such thing.
The act, according to its fair interpretation, in
my judgment, says this: that $7,750,000 are to
be appropriated pro rata amongst the holders of
certain Texas debts, which are enumerated in
the act, and they are these:
" The creditors of the late Itopubhc of Texas who hold
oonds, or other evidence* of debt, for which the revenues
of tbat Republic were pledged, and were reported to be
witliin the provisions of the act of September 9,1850, by
the report of the late Secretary of the Treasury."
By the report of the present Secretary of the
9
Treasury, which lies on the table before us, it
appears that the entire amount of debt was
$10,078,703. That was the entire amount ever
issued. Congress did not provide in the act of
1855, that the appropriation of ^7,750,000 should
be appropriated pro rata to the payment of the en-
tire amount ever issued, but should be appropri-
ated pro rata to those persons who were " hold-
ers" of this debt.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator is mistaken. If he
will read the act he will find that was not the
amount, and if he had posted himself in reference
to the debt of Texas, he would have found that
it was considerably over §12,000,000. The an-
swer of the Secretary of the Treasury to the res-
olution of the Senate declares that the amount of
the debt for which the $7,750,000 were appropri-
ated was over §10,000,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is precisely what I
am endeavoring to state. If I misstate, I beg the
honorable Senator's pardon.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator said
Congress had not proposed to appropriate the
§7,750,000 for all that had ever been issued.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say the act of Congress
does not provide that the sum of §7,750,000 is to
be distributed pro rata towards the payment of
the $10,078,703, which is reported by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to be the total amount of
debt to which this sum was applicable; but that
the $7,750,000 were to be appropriated amongst
the holders of these bonds. Then the act went
on to prescribe a mode by which those persons
who were holders of the bonds should be ascer-
tained; and it provided in the fourth section that,
before the payment of the money, the Secretary
of the Treasury should give notice by public
advertisement for the space of ninety days of the
time at which payment will be made; "and no
payment shall be made on any bond, certificate,
or evidence of debt, which shall not, thirty days
before the time limited by said notice, be pre-
sented at the Treasury Department."
The third section of the act required the assent
of the creditors who presented their bonds. The
creditors who presented their bonds were required
to execute a release by which they debarred
themselves from ever again making a claim
against the State of Texas, upon receiving the
sum appropriated to them by the terms of this
act. The terms of the act were that all persons
who held bonds should present them before a
certain day; that no person should receive a pay-
ment who presented his bond afrer that date; and
that Texas should forever be exonerated froin
all claims of the creditors holding those bonds.
Accordingly, it was further provided in the act
that, inasmuch as the State of Texas had already
made payment to some of those creditors, her
rights in regard to payments so made should be
preserved, and she should be reimbursed the sum
already paid by her to such of the creditors as
had received a partial payment from her. The
second section of the act provides that
" In all cases wheie the State of Texas may have paid
any portion of the debt prescribed m this act. the said
Secietarv shall refund to the proper officer of said State
the amount actually so paid by the State, upon the pre-
sentation, at the Treasury Department, of the evidences of
said debt, on which the said State may have made such
payment."
So that this entire fund was to be distributed
among those who should, before a particular
date, present their claims at the Treasury for
payment; and the law specially enacted that no
payment should be made out of that fund to any
holder of any bond who did not present it by the
time limited m the original advertisement of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
No w, sir, it did so happen that when the period
for the presentation of those claims elapsed, the
Secretary of the Treasury, instead of carrying
out the law according to its letter, and taking the
entire fund in his hands, and making distribution
of it amongst those creditors who had presented
their bonds, deemed it equitable to make a ics-
ervation in favor of some who had been tardy.
Creditors who held bonds, ami who had presented
| them, made protest at the time, or, at all events,
I made objection against this action of the Secre-
i tary of the Treasury. They said, "We were
promised the entire fund for distribution amongst
| those who, up to a particular date, had presented
II their bonds; we were required to give releases of
;, all our claims upon condition that that sum should
11 be distributed at that date, and we calculated upon
|, the fact that many would be tardy and many
11 would be negligent, and that our dividend would
I i be thereby increased; we had a right so to calcu-
;! late, for the law said that no one should receive
ij a dividend out of the fund who did not present
II his bond in time." Yet, yielding to the equitable
11 suggestions of the Secretary of the Treasury,
!j tho3e creditors did not bring suit against the
11 Government at the time, and made no effectual
opposition to the passage of the law at the last
session of Congress, which prolonged,up to the
1st of January next, the time allowed for persona
to present bonds who had hitherto been negligent
on the subject.
The resolution of last session was passed, and
further time was given to the 1st of January
next. The Secretary of the Treasury reports to
us that claims amounting to hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars have been since presented. They
are to receive their dividend by the 1st of Jan-
uary next. Those who claimed that they were
entitled to a distribution of the entire fund in
June last, have made no opposition to that; but
now the proposition is to go still further—to
repeal that section of the law passed at the last
session of Congress which directs the distribu-
tion among those who were diligent, of the balance
which shall remain, and then to retain it in the
;l Treasury any indefinite length of time it may
11 please Texas to declare that she thinks some
jj outstanding claimant may hold a bond to be pre-
jj sented against lier.
I The creditors protest against this; and, in my
'I judgment, with good reason. I think they have
■' i a good claim against the Government now, which
! could be asserted in that court which we have
■ organized for the purpose of taking cognizance
!i of claims of this class. I may be mistaken in this,
j I do not pretend to be infallible. On the contrary,
|! I advance this view with great diffidence, because
ii it is in opposition to that of the distinguished
! Senator from Texas. But I think what I have
said is sufScient to satisfy the Senate that we are
not in a condition to pass on this matter now
without the examination of a committee, without
the investigation of the principles involved in it,
and particularly without a due consideration for
the claims of those creditors who. after having
been delayed for fifteen or twenty years before
i they could receive a dollar of principal or inter-
ij est, have at last been compelled to abandon their
ii claims for a mere dividend, which dividend will
! j be injuriously affected if Congress should pass
j the resolution now before the Senate. I mova
' the reference of the resolution to the Committee
1 on Finance.
j Mr. RUSK. The Senate will perceive thera
j! are but fourteen or fifteen days—not more than
:j ten working days, perhaps—in which this matter
]; must receive its quietus in both branches of Con-
;j gress. It must be acted on here, and must be
ii acted on in the House of Representatives. The
;J questions presented here, it strikes me on very
|! little examination are plain, and they do not
Ij require the investigation of the Committee on
Ji Finance.
| The honorable Senator from Louisiana says,
;! and assumes that as a principal reason why it
should go to the Committee on Finance, that the
i| act appropriating the §7^750,000, intended (and
i portion the money amongst such holders of the
; Texas debt as should present their claims thirty
'' days before the ninety days'nouce expired. 1 his
>; * >  j  #Vi > fI- A nrAfi l w rsrt
ij I think, as a strange species of logic in a court
'I of justice. If the intention was that those who
