130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
■presented their claims should receive the amount
of $7,750,000, it was the easiest thing in the
world so to express it in the act. _ Has Congress
so expressed it? The provision is:
" The Secretary of tlje Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to the creditors of the late
Kepublic of Texas, who iiola sueli bonds or other evidences
of debt for which the revenues of that Republic were
pledged, as were reported to be withia the province of the
said act of September 9,1850, by the report of the late Sec-
retary of the Treasury to the President of the United States,
and approved by him on the 13th day of September, 1851,
or which come within the provisions of said act, according
to the opinion upon the Texas compact of the present At-
torney General of the United States, addressed to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under date of September 26,1853,
the sum of $7,760,000 be apportioned among the said hold-
erspro rata."
Who are they ? Here are certain holders of
Texas debt, described in an official document
emanating from the Secretary of the Treasury,
and in another official document emanating from
the Attorney General, stating the number of the
Texas creditors, and the amount of their claims;
and the act of Congress directs that the apportion-
ment shall be pro rata amongst that class of cred-
itors. The Senator says it is plain it meant only
that portion of that class of the creditors of Texas
who should come in ajid file their bonds. There
is no such language in the act, and such logic
cannot be borne out. Who could tell how many
of the creditors of Texas would file their obliga-
tions at the Treasury Department ? They were
offered a pro rata of seventy-six cents on the
dollar of the ostensible amount. Now, suppose
that, out of the whole sum of $10,078,000, cred-
itors only to the amount of §2,000,000 should
have presented their claims. The Senator's rea-
soning, tho Senator's logic, and the Senator's
equity, would have given them four or five hun-
dred per cent, over and above the amount of their
claims! That is what they want now.
I have struggled here hard to get Texas in a
condition to settle with these creditors. I have
gone beyond what I regarded as equity. I fee 1
satisfied now that those who are pressing this
(as 1 regard it) unjust claim on Congress, to the
exclusion of orphans, and to the violation of the
compact with Icxas, are those who have picked
up her securities for from five to toil cents on the
dollar, and have already been paid several hun-
dred per cent, on their investments.
. A reference to a committee, in view of the short
time we have to act in, is a defeat of the measure
Ine questions arc plain; the laws applicable to
them aie short; and I ask the Senate to vote one
way or the other on the subject.
. . • BRODHEAD. ^ I entertain the same ob-
jection to this resolution which I entertained to
the resolution which it proposes to repeal. I was
one of those who were opposed to the passas-e of
that resolution at the last session, on the grounds
tlle S,enator fr°m Louisiana.
J ne act of 1H55, passed now nearly two years
ago, calling upon these creditors to present their
claims, was a compact; it was an agreement be-
rtP W® ®°™'nmentT °f Ae United States and'
the State of Texas. I hare held before, and I
from Texas now proposes to repeal. I thought,
at any rate, that the parties should be left to their
legal rights under the act of 1855. I dislike very
much to pass any act respecting this agreement
wit!) Texas, without her consent. It wasa com-
pact, and being a compact, as stated in the reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Texas, the resolution
now under consideration is as much a violation
of that compact as the one passed at the last
session. No great injustice can be done by leav-
ing the matter remain as it is. The main ques-
tion is as to who shall have the balance not
claimed; for, I take it, this subject, having been i
before Congress for the last six years, and the j
creditors having been called upon for the last two j
years to present their claims, those which have j
not been presented have been lost. |
I am opposed to the resolution for the reason j
that I consider it a violation of the compact with I
Texas, as was the original one which it proposes '
to repeal. Let the parties stand on their legal
rights under the proper construction of the act of
1855. That is an agreement which I will not
violate.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a motion pending,
I understand, to refer this joint resolution to the '
Committee on Finance. I hope it will not be I
referred. The subject has been before the Com- !
mittee oil Finance. It presents, as far aa I can 1
understand it, a question of law; I will not say a
simple question of law, because there is some
doubt about it; but it all depends on the inter- j
pretation of the act of 1855 in regard to the cred- '
itors of Texas. If it should be referred to any J
committee, it ought to go to the Committee on i
the Judiciary; but I incline to think, with the;
Senator from Texas, that this is a matter which |
the Senate ought to settle, and which they ought i
to settle at once. They ought to settle it in order 1
that we may come to some decision before the
I do
not think, that under the act which we
passed at the close of the last session, he would
have a righ t to distribute a portion of this money
which is claimed by different parties, who are
disputing in the courts about it.
Mr. RUSlt. That is the case, however.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That was not the intention
of the act, and 1 do not think it is a fair con-
struction.
Mr. HUNTER. In relation to that matter we
ought not to leave a doubt. We ought at least
so to amend the provision as to leave no doubt
in that respect. But, I return to the original
position which I took, that it is a legal question
and one which ought not to be submitted to the
Committee onPinance, but to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, if any committee at all. I think, how-
ever, the Senate might as well settle it now as
hereafter.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I had not
intended to take any part in this debate; but the
remarks of the Senator from Virginia render it
necessary for me to say a few words. First, as
to tho question of reference. I am in favor of
the reference of this resolution to the Committee
on Finance. I have yet to learn that because a
question connected with the finances of the coun-
try, with an appropriating resolution, happens to
involve legal points, therefore the Committee on
Finance is not the appropriate body to consider
it. I think it is the appropriate body; and cer-
tainly, on all questions which look to the repeal
of an act or a joint resolution of Congress, there
ought to be a reference to a committee, so that we
may have the expressed opinion of that com-
mittee after consultation.
I agree, sir, with the opinion entertained by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana as to the
construction of the law of 1855. The Secretary
of the Treasury took a different opinion; and, in
mtr mfliYmnnt *1, ~ C?.      ..
{-T, 7 ue,ulslon Delore Uiei 01 the Treasury took a different opinion; and, i>i
dfstriLtionnf tl*e/eTU law '°?ks f°r.thc final ii judgment, the error of the Secretary of the
as u of the ldamongthe,creditors. il treasury originally, has occasioned the whole
' the •n?t u un the ,same Tiew difficu]ty- Indeed, his whole view of this law in
the act of 185o which has been taken h*r thp - his nnarAtmtio i.~
- — j j ■- Jivn t,iie same view
of the act of 1855 which has been taken hy the
Senator from Louisiana, and also by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, if 1 understood him. I do '
not think the limitation.of ninety days was in-'
tended for the benefit of the creditors. It was j
intended to protect the Government. The obli
^ .  w— , ...v, ..w,v   iv r  v,i *tl*0 t<l W iii
his operations under it, seemed to be calculated
for the purpose of embarrassment, though duubt-
less not so intended. He not only required, as
the honorable Senator from Texa's bus stated,
extraordinary and unusual stipulations on the
part of holders who presented their certificates;
... . -y---" "JC uuiMuuicm. me 0011-part ot holders who presented their ccrtific-xou-
certain °Ium°o^monev smooth0 dis5il)ute ? ?! !>ut he embarrassed them with inquiries which,'
-;! asr w,"sl' "* ™w— -
I ,j /   nils sum ;r
was, that each man who had a claim should, :
according to the law, receive his portion of it.
But the United States Government, in order to
protect itself, provided that they should not be i
entitled to come m, except within the period fixed !
by this law — the period of ninety days. That:
was designed for the protection of the Govern- i
ment, and not for the purpose of enabling those i
creditors who, by superior diligence, had come 1
in earlier, to take the whole fund. What ob-'ee
tion w equity can they raise to
f nnir h — -1 ' *
The act of 1855 was a compromise b:'.i on ibe
part of Congress. Senators will recollect that,
tor several years previously, the creditors of
lexas had been urging their claims upon Con-
gress on the ground that the Federal Government
was liable for them. I was one of those who en-
tertained the opinion that we were under no su--h
liability. I entertain that opinion still, Weh'-U!
m our hands, however, a fund of
which we had reserved under the law bv  hi■■it
we obtained from Texas a portion of K,-r t. .-n
T    _ I. * "i . ' 
nad
u" -o«ii  .v™s^.n,"r£ zfS"sr«,5
Winch we passed at tho close of the last sessi™ P by aS the Se^tary of the Treasury
^0°00(1theCTent°fTe3:aS'extfindinSthete™, i'thft^Wekno C.re '° Provision f' 
$230,000 have heen or will be presented up to the bm to money is due to somebody
1st of January. The fair presumption therefnrp j- f ^p.are not informed; and ypt a'r-
thls fund TrWlM b? m°-e ciaims Panted on' from'TexasVT' rf0,luio", 'ffh tf"-' Senator
imstuna. Iiiem«inm .i,  F. , , . i lrum lexas desnes to repeal, I infer from the
this fund, 'i'lie main quesUon now to be'dSed I
^ circulating; medium of Texas has been lost
   icuctti, i 11)[or Tr
tCmnUffi1pat!0nn0f the.^ecreta'-y of the Treaswv,
tribute rtfcfwi C0Mldcr, hmwlf bourn! u, d«-
Scertaineri ini amoriS Aose whose claims nn-
ascertained and presented, lea
the $400,000 to come agains
; other claims against the Gove-rmtn'in.
/' Under these circumstances, th,> rr<-Uit.>rs h-jd
. their a splits here: the 8t„te „f Texas r*un~
• sented heteube inter, sta of the (J„v. nu,i.-i,t w re
looked at;ajid tin.? lull wr:.-i i-tfafil in 1'J'.;,.
: uiteiiiiiui was not t„ j>ny i!,e wh.-!- of
I J ><-se o,amis, but to appropriate the i\imi hv
tl.e ii^nry, with an incr-s^...} amount. I will
tell mi friend jrom Louisiana. lu'Vnmj ii,e ur-r-
!?avp iir,cn ih,-n
1. had been tssued; and K„m s„
tlisrr.-iiut.-ii, not among ail the creditors uflVsrM,
Out among sueh creditors a* raWe wuhm 'he w -
e.ihcauons ot two reports of yonr .. • 
the creditors X Ze pre "en Jd their" i ± ^J000 ^ & ' *J?aT ^ ' a"d ^ l"-«
claims or to the State ofTeXas?P d hCIr !I a,ft?rwards' ^ they=have estabhshed t tU,°!rn''y '-Tmi ,he
thf passage6 ^ tLat ^ 1  - < ** wuhia the
Y mc ireasury. amount of the mm appropriated, h I, /n;
