136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
, before
raiin time, they shall necessarily
be excluded. Was it not so under your F orik
tma'tv > There your commissioners were to de-
cide claims by-a given time; and all the creditors
of Spain, the hollers of claims who did not come
ill and prove them, were excluded. You have
repeatedly-rejected their claims smce. There you
had a fund to distribute under the treaty with
Spain. In this case you had a fund to distribute
under your treaty with Texas. Is there anything
uncommon in this ? In reference to this partic-
ular claim, the State of Texas herself went
further, I think, than States usually go. 1 ake,
for instance, her ten per cent. Treasury notes:
where interest was reserved on the fece ot the
notes by the agreement of Texas. She pass
law previous to 1842, by which she stopped that
interest without tendering payment of the notes
to the individuals holding them. The Secretary
of the Treasury ratified that act of Texas by
excluding, in the computation of.the debts ot
these holders, all interest beyond 1842.
This is only one of a thousand and one cases m
which Governments are necessarily obliged, when
dealing with a class of individuals, to exclude
some, if they do not choose to come in and prove
their claims under a law, and others get the ben-
efit. I read this law precisely as if the third and
fourth sections were connected with the first sec-
tion ; and then I say the meaning is, that payment
should be made to such of the creditors of Texas
holding these bonds as might come in, present,
and prove their claims, and execute their releases
aecording to the mandate of this law.
These were the terms proffered. If the cred-
itor accepted them, he was entitled to the benefit
He knew that he was making a sacrifice; he
knew that he was releasing the United States
and Texas, under his seal, from all obligation in
reference to these claims, for a sum much leas
than the principal and interest of his money. If
the true construction of the law be as I have con-
tended, how can you enforce against him this re-
lease, if you undertake, after obtaining it without
his consent, to hold the fund in abeyance in your
own hands until others may come in who did not
comply with the requisition of the law, and who
may, m fact, never come in at all. If the con-
struction of the Senator from Vermont in regard
to the doctrine of forfeiture, which I consider
has no application here, be correct, the result is
that there may remain perpetually in the Treas-
ury of the United States, an undistributed por-
tion of the $7,750,000, payable neither to Texas
nor to her creditors; and it matters not, for the
error of construction, whether that sum be
850,000 or $500,000. My construction provides
for the payment and distribution of the whole
fund, and that I believe to be the true construc-
tion of the law.
I feel very indifferent as to the action of Con-
gress upon this question now — it is certainly
more of a judicial question; but of one thing I
am very certain: if Congress means to repeal any
portion of the resolution of the last session, they
nave but o«e course to take, and that is to repeal
the whole, and let the parties stand upon their legal
rights, dependent on judicial interpretation. If
that be the proposition which Texas and the
United States desire, I do not think the creditors
will shrink from it—to repeal the whole of the
resolution passed cx parte on the part of Congress
at the last session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to have read
the resolutions of the State of Texas, on which
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Texas has been based. I wish to understand the
precise claim made by the State of Texas in
regard to this fund.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason- in
the chair.) The Chair is informed that those
resolutions were sent to the printer, and have
not yet been returnej to the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose they can be
obtained to-morrow morning, and, with a view
to .have the^n before the Senate, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope not. I
hope this question will be disposed of.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjouru is not debatable.
Mr.WELLEE. I desire to say, that it ie im-
portant, in my judgment, that we should Irneiiu
purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN.
PUT^e PRESIDING OFFICER.
executive session of about five minutes
we adjourn, for the purpose of having some
references made. .
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator fiom
Louisiana will withdraw his motion for that
withdraw it for that
j.iic moon.."-. —  *3 moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business. .
Mr. HALE. That cannot be done until this |
SUTh<f PRESIDING OFFICER. There must
be some disposition made of the resolution before
the Senate. , . , 1
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that its further
consideration be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that will not be done. 1
think the question is distinctly understood. _
Mr. BENJAMIN. I must renew my motion
to adjourn. I must have those resolutions.
Mr. RUSK. I shall have to ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn, if it be re-
newed. The Senate will see this difficulty. I do
not wish to press this question, but there are
several measures pending which it is desirous
should not be interfered with by this subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is impossible for us to
go on without having the resolutions of Texas
here. I have called for them, but they are not in
the Senate. .
Mr. RUSK. They were ordered to be printed
ten days ago.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are m the hands of
the printer, and will not be here until to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK. The resolutions of Texas have
nothing to do with the subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They may regulate the
votes of some of us.
Mr. RUSK. If there is to be any action at
all on this subject, it must be within seven or eight
working days. 1 certainly never will improperly
press any measure of which I have charge; but
this joint resolution has to go to the House of
Repiesentatives after we pass it, and there to be
debated again. Its consideration has consumed
the whole of this day, and is keeping back a de-
bate which was going on regularly. I hope,
therefore, that it will be disposed of now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the joint resolution until to-
morrow.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 16, noes 23.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now renew my motion
to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 20.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I then renew my call for
the reading of that document before I can go on
with the remarks that I have to address to the i
Senate. It is impossible for me to go on until !
it is read. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that those resolutions of the Texas
Legislature are not in the possession of the Sen- I
ate. If any motion is made to send for them, j
the Chair presumes it can be done.
Mr. RUSK. I suppose, of course, that the 1
Senator from Louisiana would not desire to de- •
feat me by the consumption of time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not in the least. i
Mr. RUSK. There is a motion pending to
refer this joint resolution to the Committee on '
Finance. Let that question be taken, and then 1
if the Senate will indicate any day in the early ]
part of the week on which the vote can be taken
on the resolution if it should not be referred to
the Committee on Finance, I shall consent. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. My motion was to post-'
pone it until to-morrow only. :
Mr. RUSK. To-morrow has been assigned
for the debate which has been prevented to-day
by the consideration of this question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no control over the
business of the Senate. I am willing to take it
up at any moment, and ready to vote upon it.
Mr. STUART. I think it was understood j
yesterday, and is the general understanding of
the Senate now, that the bill referred to by the
Senator from Texas is not to be disposed of by a
vote until the Senator from Georgia coiwb. ;
Mr RUSK. I did nut allude to that bill, but
to the debate upon the reference of the Pres-
ident's message'. The gentleman who had the
floor for to-day, agreed that that debate should
not be interrupted. That is the only reason why
I wanted, to keep out of the way with this bill.
What I desire is action in time. If the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana will agree to let us
take the vote on his motion to refer the joint
resolution, I shall have no objection to a post-
ponement until to-morrow, and then take it up in
the morning hour. _
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to any
vote which will not cut me off from discussing
the merits of this matter after I hear the reso-
lutions of the Texas Legislature rem}. My
impression is, that the Senator from Texas is
mistaken as to the purport of those resolutions,
and that my construction of them is right.
Mr. RUSK. That Texas claims the fund ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Texas, presented by the Sen-
ator at this session, and which were ordered to
be printed, I want to see. I want to understand
the position of the State of Texas as presented
by her Legislature to us in relation to this fund.
Mr. RUSK. I understood the Senator this
morning to say that Texas claimed for herBelf
this money.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So I understood the reso-
lutions.
Mr. RUSK. My statement was that she
claimcd it'for the creditors. Now, if we can
take the question on the motion to refer, and
then, if it be rejected, postpone the resolution
until to-morrow and take it up in the morning
hour, I will go to the printers and get the paper
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] has been prevented from making
his speech day after day, and I think he ought to
be allowed to go on to-morrow. That should be
understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to refer the
joint resolution introduced by the Senator from
Texas, to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that the Senator will
withdraw that motion, and allow me to move a
postponement of the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. Say Thursday morning, and
let the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] and
myself have to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. Let me suggest to the Senator
from Texas that if we adjourn now, his resolu-
tion will come up in the morning hour to-morrow
as the unfinished business.
Mr. RUSK. Very well.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 1G, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the motion of Air. C«ii-jj f.i.i., of Ohio,
to refer and print the President's annual message
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a messag" from the Pri sident
of the United States, transmiltins to Congress an
extract from a letter, of the :£&) ultimo, from the
Governor of the T< rntory of Kansas to the Sec-
retary of State, together 'with a copv of the
executive minutes to which it refers; winch was
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Alsoj a communication from the President,
transmitting a copy of a letter, of thu SCth of
May last, from the CommismoinT of the United
States in China, and the decrees and regulations
which accompanied it, for such revision thereof
as Congress may deem expedient, pursuant to
the sixth section of the art of August tj, J6-le?
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
AlFairH, and ordered to 1« printed.
Also, a communication from she Secretary of
