1856.
THE CONGRE^iOKAL €&&£&.
m
the Treasury, submitting an estimate for restor-
ing the light-house works at Coffin's Patches,
Florida, destroyed by the hurricane on the 27th
and 28th of August last; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means,and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of this
House for the relief of George K. McGunnegle,
^ the surviving partner of the late firm of Hill &
McGunnegle, of Missouri.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BOYCE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the ease of Henry
Kershaw, for the purpose of reference to the Court of
Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WHITFIELD, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill to provide for the assessment of damages
sustained by the loss and destruction of property
belonging to the citizens of the Territory of Kan-
sas, during the recent disturbances in said Ter-
ritory. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
A bill to establish a district, court at Leaven-
worth city and other places in Kansas. Referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
■ A bill to establish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Kansas. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
DISBURSEMENT OF CONTINGENT FUND.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported back, with an amendment, a bill to reg-
ulate the disbursement of the contingent expenses
of Congress, and asked that it might be put upon
its passage.
Mr- HOUSTON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It involves an important
question—one which was discussed during the
last Congress quite extensively; and the law
ought not to be changed without a deliberate
examination by the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio.. I hope that bill
will not be sent to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The Committee of
Ways and Means think it should be passed.
The reason which requires an act of this kind is
simply this: By a rule of the House the Com-
mittee on Accounts are required to superintend
and control the disbursement of the contingent
fund, and only upon the certificate of the chair-
man of that committee can the disbursing officer
pay any money out of that fund. Some diffi-
culties have originated, and I ask that the bill
may be considered at this time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be considered
at this time, unless objection be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will then ask
to have the bill referred back to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to withdraw the bill.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
that the bill be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion.
There being no objection, the bill was recom-
mitted and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported the following
bills; which received their first and second ..read-
ing, were referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed:
A bill making appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1858;
A bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army, for the year ending June 30, 1858;
and
A bill making appropriations for the current ]i
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the. various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1858.
IMPORTATION OF OBSCENE ARTICLES.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, further reported a bill
to amend the 28th section of the act approved
30th August, 1842, entitled " An act to provide
revenue from imports, and to change and modify
the existing laws imposing duties on imports, and
for other durposes, prohibiting the importation
of obscene and indecent articles, so as more effect-
ually to accomplish the purpose for which that
provision was enacted.
The bill received its first and second reading.
Mr. C. asked that it be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means reported a bill at the last
session for revising the tariff laws, the considera-
tion of which was postponed until yesterday. I
move now that the further consideration of that
bill be postponed until the first Tuesday in Jan-
uary next, and that it be made the special order
for that day, and from day to day until disposed
of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was postponed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
On motion of Mr. COMINS, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition of P. B.
Holmes for the purpose of reference at the Court
of Claims.
Mr. SHORTER. I ask to have Senate bill
No. 81, to provide for the payment of certain
claims of citizens of Georgia and Alabama on
account of losses sustained by depredations of
the Creek Indians, taken from the Speaker's
table for the purpose of reference merely.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. Let the
bill take its regular course.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bills; which were read a first
and second time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to authorize the appointment of two In-
dian agents in the Territory of New Mexico.
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. ■«
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the Capitol buildings in the Territory of New
Mexico. Referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
A bill authorizing an increase of the mail
service from Independence, Missouri, to Santa
Fe, New Mexico, and in said Territory. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Offece and
Post Roads.
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of the militia called into service by acting Gov-
ernor Messervy, for the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the Territory of New Mexico, in
the year 1S54. Referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. LINDLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Public Lands a bill to amend an act to graduate
and reduce the price of the public lands to actual
settlers. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have several bills which
I wish to introduce,_ and I presume there are
others who desire to do the same. X hope, there-
fore, that we shall procced to call the States for
resolutions and the introduction of bills.
Mr. LINDLEY. I hope my friend from North
Carolina will allow this bill to go through.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 made objection, as my
friend from,Virginia reminds me, the other day,
to the same thing. I was anxious to get a bill in,
but it was objected to; and .1 am determined to
insist on the regular order of business. If ,any
other member asks unanimous consent to intro-
duce a bill in like manner as the one under con-
sideration, and it attracts my attention, I shall
interpose objection; and I am glad that this is an
important bill, because, to get .at it, the House
may be willing to let us proceed regularly.
Mr. LETCHER. If the arrangement be to
introduce bills for reference only, I make no ob-
jection; but if they are to be brought in and put
on their passage under the operation of the pre-
vious question, I do object.
The SPEAKER. No arrangement has been
made. If there be no objection, however, the
Chair suggests that a half hour be devoted to
the reception of bills for reference only.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And that none
so introduced and referred are to be brought
back on a motion to reconsider and put on their
The SPEAKER. They are to be introduced
for reference only, and for no other motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as that motion is con-
cerned, I am inclined to object to it. I cannot
see why the Committee of Ways and Means'
should have the privilege of bringing in import-
ant bills and putting them on their passage, when
the same privilege is not accorded to any other
committee. There cannot be any bills of much .
more importance than those, presented from the
Committee of Ways and Meaps. One of them
passed, and the other would also have been passed
if objection had not been made.
Mr. WALKER. I suggest to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his objection
to the bill reported from the Committee on Public
Lands. I am sure that if the House is made
aware of the nature a#d aim of the bill, there
will be no further objection to its consideration
and passage at this time. As I understand the
bill, it is to put a stop to constructions placed on
the graduation act of 1854 by the Secretary of
the Interior, under which he has sent forth a cir-
cular to the several land offices. This circular
has caused a great deal of trouble to persons who
have made entries under the act of 1854. The
object of the bill is, as I gather from the commit-
tee, to confirm those titles as far as possible, and
to,authorize the issues of patents thereon. I
therefore hope the gentleman from North Carolina
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am much gratified to
hear from the gentleman that this is an important
measure. I hope it will induce members to pro-
ceed regularly m the reception of bills. But I
object to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Tennessee. When the States are called, and a
member introduces a bill, if a majority of the
House choose to sustain the call for the previous
question, and put the bill on its passage, very
well; if the previous question is not sustained,
the bill may be otherwise disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that be the
understanding, then I object to the call on States
for bills and resolutions.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill making appropria-
tion for the improvement of Milneburg harbor,
on Lake Pontchartrain, in the State of Louisiana,
of which previous notice has been given, for ref-
erence only.
Objection was made.
PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the consideration of the annual
message of the President of the United States,
and the motion of Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, that the
same be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. NICHOLS, who was entitled to the floor,
in an hour's speech reviewed the positions, past
and present, of the political parties of the coun-
try, in reference to the slavery question. His
speech is withheld for revision, and will appear
in the Appendix.
Mr. CRAWFORD obtained the floor.
Mr. WALKER. I think it vjas the under-
standing of the House, some days since, that I
should have the privilege of speaking to the pend-
ing question on this day, if I so desired. I have
|| ncTdesire to interfere with my friend from Geor-
f: gia.
