1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
sylvania lias no application to this matter. He
wants an enlarged number of this document
printed. Why? Because the report of the chair-
man of the-Committee of Ways and Means was
largely printed. Both documents argue on the
same side of the question; both agree, as I un-
derstand them, in their general results. Because
we have printed largely of one document advo-
cating the doctrine of protection, is that a reason
for printing largely of the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the Finances, which, in my
judgment, just as strongly advocates the same
doctrine, and in almost the same terms ? I regard
them both as holding principles in conflict with
those held by that portion of the Democracy to
which I belong, which believes that taxes should
be laid upon the people alone to secure a revenue
for the economical expenditures of the Govern-
ment; and that when there is a tariff, the tax
should be laid upon all articles of consumption
with fairness between the people. I now renew
the call for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw Ins call for the previous ques-
tion. He has made a speech on the question, in
which he alluded to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and he will certainly
yield for reply. [Cries of " No: hold on to the
previous question."]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing that
this debate shall go on, but gentlemen around me
say that they do not want it. I decline to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. LEITER. I move that tne House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
a quarter to four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 17, 185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Samuel
McDougall, a lieutenant in the Army in the war
of 1812, praying to be allowed a pension for in-
juries received in.the service; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
the heirs of Thomas Maddin, deceased, praying
for the confirmation of their title to a tract of land
in Missouri; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of the
Penny Post Company of California, praying to
be allowed indemnity for losses sustained in con-
sequence of the refusal of the postmaster at San
Francisco to permit the delivery to them of letters
addressed to their care; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That two petitions, heretofore presented from
citizens ot Rhode Island, praying for the construction of a
tiieakwater at Grace's Point, Block Island, be withdrawn
from the files of tile Senate, and referred to the Committee
oil Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John W. Furber,
in behalf of himself and the other children of
Richard Furber, on the ground that the existing
law authorizes a pension to be granted on their
making proper application to the Department.
The committee were discharged.
SECURITY OF STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, submitted the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to report to the Senate whether, in Ins opinion. It is practi-
cable and expedient to cause steam vessels to be constructed
as to ajlord greater security against accidents by fire than
now exists, and to submit such suggestions as lie may think
proper lor leyi&lutioii on that subject.
INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate, for the information of the Senate,& state-
ment of the condition of the title of .the United States to
all that portion of the Territory of Kansas designated as
being set apart and assigned to the New York Indians, and
the nature of the authority by which said tract has been so
assigned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WELLER gave notice of his Intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the
transportation of the United States mail overland
from some point on the Mississippi river to San
Francisco, in the State of California.
Mr. JAMES gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill providing for the estab-
lishment of a navy-yard at Newport, Rhode
Island.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask leave
to introduce a bill for the construction of a harbor
at Block Island, Rhode Island.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 580) to extend the time for
selling the lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum
for teaching the deaf and dumb, was read the first
and second times by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 617) to amend the twenty-
eighth section of the act of Congress, approved
the 30th of August, 1842, entitled " An act to pro-
vide revenue from imports, and to change and
modify existing laws imposing duties on imports,
and forother purposes," prohibiting the importa-
tion of obscene and indecent articles, so as more
effectually to accomplish the purposes for which
that provision was enacted, was read the first and
second times by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
478) for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Thomas Maddin, late of Missouri,
deceased; which was read the first and second
times by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S.
No. 479) providing for the establishment of a
mail route, and carrying a semi-weekly overland
mail between the Mississippi river and San Fran-
cisco, in the State of California; which was read
the first and second times by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to give notice that
immediately after the holidays shall have passed,
I shall ask the Senate to proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill providing for the construction of
a railroad across the continent to the Pacific ocean
—the same bill which was laid on the table at the '
last session of Congress—indulging the hope that
the Senate may be able to put the bill in such a
shape as to command the support of a majority of
the body. |
MRS. AGATHA O'BRIEN. i
Mr. WELLER. There is a bill upon the table
which was passed by the Senate at the last session
of Congress, and amended by the House of Rep- j
resentatives, but the Senate refused to agree to the
amendment. I ask that it may be taken up now !
for the purpose of insisting on our disagreement, j
and requesting a committee of conference. !
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- -
ceeded to consider the House amendment to the
bill (S. No. 203) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, :
late of the United States Army.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate insist '
upon their disagreement to the House amend- ,
ment, and ask for a committee of conference. j
Mr. CLAY. Let the amendment be read. j
The Secretary read it, as follows: |
Sec. 2. Jln& be it further enacted, That the proper ac- \
counting officers of the Treasury balance the accounts of '
the late Major J. P. J. O'Brien, on the boolis of the United
States, and pay over to the said widow the balance that
may be due Major J. P. J. O'Brien for his services.
Mr. Weller's motion was agreed to.
CREDITORS JOF TEXAS.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate resumed.
as in Committee of the Whole, the consideration
of the joint resolution (S. No. 44) granting
further time to the creditors of Texas to present
their claims, and for other purposes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think I had the floor
yesterday when" we adjourned on this bill, and I,
at that time, requested the Secretary to read the
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Texas, which had been presented by the Senator
from Texas in the early part of the session.
They were not then in the possession of the Sec-
retary; but those resolutions have now been
printed; and in order that the Senate may have a
proper appreciation of the question before it, it
is necessary to refer to the terms of those reso-
lutions, in order to understand what Texas really
desires in relation to the disposal of the surplus
fund in the Treasury. These resolutions de-
clare :
" Section* 1. Beit resolved by the Legislature of the State
of Texas, That the Legislature concur entirely in the views
presented by the Governor of the State in his message to
the Legislature on the 27th instant, m reference to the re-
cent act of Congress on the public debt of Texas.
"Sec. 2. Be resolved, That the said act of Congress
proposing to distribute the balance in the Treasury of the
united States, after paying all the claims filed against the
State of Texas, under the act of Congress of the 28th
February, 1855, without the concurrence or assent of
jj Texas, is unauthorized and illegal, and in no degree justified
ji by the contemporaneous construction of that act when
> j Texas accepted the same.
J " Sec. 3. Be it resolved, That those creditors who have
; filed their releases and received their money under the pro
i rata distribution of that act have no claim on the surplus
j j in the Treasury of the United States, which Congress pro-
I! poses to pay thein ; such a payment can only be deemed a
, j gift on the part of the Government of the United States,
;1 lor which that Government is responsible for every cent it
pays over to the creditors entitled to the fund, or to the
I j State of Texas."
ij This is not very well worded. I presume the
j| meaning is, that the Government for every cent
ji it pays over the dividend already received, is re-
;j sponsible to the creditors entitled to the fund, or
jj to the State of Texas. The fifth of these reso-
j| lutions declares:
; J " That in reference to the ulterior distribution of the
: surplus remaining In the Treasury of the United States,
! after the payment of the public debt of Texas, m accord-
<, ance with the proclamation of the Secretary of the Treas-
j j ury of the United States, Texas has a mutfh"higher author-
' | itv to s-peak than any other government on the earth; and
|, she will speak hereafter with a proper regard to her own
i sense of justice and honor, and the interests of that people
j over whose character and fortunes she is called to preside."
| Now, Mr. President, I cannot understand
| these resolutions in any other sense than as a
! claim by the Government of Texas, presented to
the Congress of the United States, over the sur-
plus fund remaining in the Treasury under the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, which
we have upon our tables. This, therefore, brings
us back to the consideration of the relative rights
of the State of Texas, and her creditors on this
fund.
A great deal was said yesterday in the debate
in relation to one of the positions assumed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, about which I
do not suppose there is a dissenting opinion on
this floor. The Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] bases his opposition to the position
assumed by those who agree in opinion with me,
upon the fact, that the joint resolution passed at
the last session creates a new bar, and would
prevent creditors who presented their claims in
time from being paid, because of some outstand-
ing litigation in relation to the title to the partic-
ular claim presented. I do not think that any
fair construction of the resolution, passed at the
lust session, will justify the Secretary of the
Treasury in paying to anybody, except those
who may be ultimately adjudged to be the legal
holders of those claims themselves, any sum of
money required to pay the dividend on the claims
presented at the Treasury, and which are merely
held in abeyance until the title to the claims
themselves can be settled either by agreement
between the parties, or by final adjudication in
the courts. It is very easy, however, to'meet
that difficulty by a provision construing the joint
resolution of last session; and I propose to olfer
an amendment to the resolution presented to us
by the Senator from Texas, which shall so con-
strue the resolution of the last session as to re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to retain in
his hands the sum necessary for paying the pro
rata dividends on the claims now in abeyance in
the Treasury. No ohe cvbr pretended that that
