THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
sam ought to be distributed among those who
"tare presented.other claims.
But, sir, in relation to the interpretation of the
act of: 1855, I desire to say some words in
resconse-to the argument addressed to the Senate
Yesterday by the Senator from. Vermont, [Mr.
Collabeb.] I think he has given to this act an
erroneous construction—an erroneous construc-
tion upon,the very principles of law which he
himself «it£S as the basis of his argument. He
says that he relies.first on that maxim of the law
which declares that, that is to be considered cer-
, tain which can be rendered certain. I agree with
him there; and I now propose to read the first
section of the act, for the purpose of satisfying
^tjie Senators present that that part of this subject
which was uncertain was the number of holders,
and the amount of claims such holders might
have to present to the Treasury. The amount
of. the debt of Texas was not uncertain; but, on
the contrary, had been repeatedly declared and
ascertained by reports placed before Congress
and before the public. The amount of debt for
which this sum of money had been reserved in
the Treasury of the United States was ascertained
Jbafore. If the object of the act had been to dis-
tribute this sum of §7,750,000 in pro rata propor-
tion to the debt for which the money had origin-
ally beeen pledged, nothing would have been
easier than to say so; but, on the contrary, the
act says that, this sum shall be paid to the " hold-
ers" of bonds, and then proceeds to determine in
what manner the holders shall be ascertained. It
begins, as foIk?ws: ,
"Irr lieu of the sum of $5,000,000, payable to the State
of Texas in five per cent, stock," * * * " the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is heteby authorized and diieeted to
pay to the creditors of the late Republic of Texas* who hold
such bonds, or other evidence of debt, for which the rev-
enues of that Republic were pledged, as were reported to be
ivithm the provisions of the said act of September 9,1850,"
* * * " the sum of $7,750,000, to be apportioned among
the said holders fro rata."
The money is not to be distributed between
the bonds pro rata; the money is not to be applied
to the payment pro rata of the entire debt for
which the fund was pledged; but the money is to
bS distributed prorata among the holders; and
the part which was uncertain—the fact that re-
quired ascertainment was, who were the holders ?
Nobody knew that. The debt was certain; it
had been reported; its amount had been liqui-
dated; but who were the holders?—that was the
uncertain point which required ascertainment.
Whoever were the holders were to receive this
fund of $7,750,000. Then the act proceeded to
establish the manner in which the holders shall
be ascertained, and it declares
"That before payment of the moneys aforesaid, the
Secretary of Uie Trea my shall give notice, by public ad-
vertisement, for the sp-iec of ninety days, of the tun': at
which paid payment will be made ; and"no payment shall
tie made on any bond, certificate, or evidence of debt,
which shall not, thirty days before the time limited by sdid
notice, be presented at the Treasury Department."
Now, sir, we have two enactments here: first,
that the whole of this fund is to be paid; for the
iirst section of the law requires that the sum of
$7,750,000 shall be paid to the holders of the
bonds; and the fourth section, which I have just
read, provides that no person shall be considered i
a holder entitled to payment who had not, at a ;
particular date, presented his claim at the Treas- i
ury Department. Thesetwofacts, taken together,
produce to my mind an irresistible conclusion,
that those holders who, at the time fixed by the
law, presented, their claims, wore entitled to re-
ceive the entire fund, if that fund was necessary
for the satisfaction of those claims.
But further, so far as Texas herself is interested
in the matter, thd sum that she is to receive under
any contingency is specially directed in the act j
itself. The act states what proportion of the !
&7,750,00Uis to be paid to Texas; and, upon the j
familiar rule that the exclusion of one is the ex- 1
elusion of another class, necessarily Texas can '
receive out of this fund nothing more than by the j
act itself is appropriated to her. Now, her inter- |
est in the fund is specially set forth in the second J
section of the act What is she to receiver She1
is simply to receive reimbursement of any sums j
that she herself may have paidonaccountof claims j
for which this fund of $7,750,000 was appropri- i
ated. That is to be reimbursed to her, and that J
is all she is to receive under the act. I cannot, I
therefore, under any possible hypothesis, imagine !j
how Texas is to claim anything out of this fund
in the Treasury. . . „
Mr. President, the original sum of #5,000,UUU
was reserved in the Treasury of the United States
expressly for the payment of the creditors; but
that payment could not be made without the con-
sent of Texas, as we all admit. It was for that
reason that we passed the law of 1855, which
specially provided that payment should not be
made without the consent of Texas, ana with-
out the consent of her creditors. Texas has con-
sented unconditionally to the payment of this fund
to her creditors. " The agreement contained in
the act of 1855 was not that this fund should be
paid to Texas, or to all the creditors who might
hold these privileged bonds, but that the fund
should be appropriated first to the reimbursement
to the State of Texas of such advances as she
herself might have made, and then, that the whole
fund should be appropriated to her creditors, and
that none of those creditors should receive any
portion of it who did not present their claims
prior to a particular day. The law further pro-
vided, that the creditors should not receive a dol-
lar until they had previously filed the releases of
all claim whatever, whether against the Govern-
ment of the United States, or the Government of
Texas. Here is the third section of the act:
" That no payment shall be made under this act to any
holder of said securities or evidences of debt, unless the
said holder shall first execute to the United States a receipt
for the said payment, in which said holder shall forever re-
lease all claim against the United States for or on account
of the said securities or evidences of debt; also, similar
releases to sa>d Stale of Texas, and the said certificates, or
other evidences of debt, shall then be deposited with the
Treasury Department."
Here, then, was the proposition held out by
Congress, with the consent of Texas, to her cred-
itors: if you will file your claims in the Treasury-
Department—if you will first execute releases both
in favor of the Government of the United States
and that of Texas, we will reserve these claims
and these releases of yours in the Treasury until
a particular date; and then we will distribute this
fund amongst those creditors who shall have thus
exeouted their releases; and none of the fund
shall be given to anybody else. This is the law;
nothing else can be made out of it. You are
obliged to do away with entire sections of the
law to give any other interpretation to it; and yet
gentlemen say that this fourth section was merely
for the convenience of the Government of the
United States, and had no effect upon the rights
of creditors. Mr. President, the creditors were
required to accept the law in its entirety. No
creditor would be bound to accept the law unless
he pleased. All creditors were tendered the bene-
fit of the law upon the entire conditions expressed
upon its face. And now, when men have come
forward and accepted a contract thus tendered to
them, is it within the competence of Congress to
take from them the advantages secured by the
terms of the law under which they accepted—to
take their releases, and withhold from them a por-
tion of the fund upon the supposed distribution of
which those releases were based? Is there not
great force in the suggestion made by my friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] that those releases
will become invalid both as to the Government of
the United States and as to the Government of
Texas, if the conditions upon which the releases
were granted shall fail through the action of the
two Governments; and that the rights of those
creditors will survive to the fullest extent for the
whole amount of their claims, if any portion of
this fund be diverted from its legitimate applica-
tion in their favor, as provided by the compact
to which they assented; and to none other did
they assent.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] whom I do not now see
in his seat, suggested yesterday that this was a
close and narrow-construction; that it adhered to
the letter of tin: bond; and that, if this was to be
the course, the Government of the United States
would be justified 111 adhering to the letter of her
bond, and m pleading these releases ii> bar, not-
withstanding the fact, that the conditions subse-
quent, upon which the releases were granted, had
not been complied with. That Senator is too
good a juris-consult to believe that any such
defense as that could«hold in a court of justice.
I hese releases were granted upon conditions sub-
sequently to be performed by the parties in whoso
favor the releases were granted; and if those con-
ditions were afterwards violated by the parties
bound to perform them, necessarily the releases
themselves become null and void, and would be
vacated by any court of equity.
Sir, we have a duty to perform here, not only
to these creditors, but to the Government of the
United States. We have first to inquire how the
Government of the United States is to be pro-
tected from ulterior claim in relation to these
Texas debts ? The last Congress provided the
appropriation of #7,750,000 upon the understand-
ing that there should never again be a claim made
upon the Government of the United States for
the payment of any portion of the Texas debt;
but if we now divert« portion of that fund from
those legitimately entitled to it under the law, we
avoid the very conclusion at which we wish to
arrive, and so far from attaining the object which
the Senator from South Carolina yesterday sup-
posed we should attain by his course of action,
we shall rush to the very opposite result—we
shall make the Government responsible, and do
no good to the outstanding creditors.
Something has been said in relation to the
limitation of the fourth section of the act of 1855.
It has been treated by different Senators as if it
were a very hard measure dealt out to those
creditors who have not yet presented their claims.
We have, on the face of these papers, two facts
patent before us. One is, that the debt of the
Republic or State of Texas for which this fund
was pledged, exceeds the fund by over two million
dollars. The object of this law was to pay the
fund of §7,500,000 to all the creditors who would
be willing to receive a pro rata share, ar.d give a
final release. Now, it appears that there is a
portion of those creditors unwilling to receive
this dividend and give a final release, or who
neglect to do it, and must therefore be supposed
to be unwilling to do it. What is the result: It
is not, as the Senator from South Carolina sup-
poses, that these parties are deprived of all right
to their claims. It is this, and this alone: that
Texas will remain responsible for the deficiency
in the payment made under this act, and that she
herself will have to settle with those creditors
who refuse to take the United States as paymas-
ters for a dividend only, instead of the entirety
of their claims. *
Why is it, sir, that it is more unjust in this
particular instance than in any other, to provide
that, when a particular fund is to be distributed,
those having claims upon the fund shall be barn d
unless they present their claims within a given
period ? Is not that the common history of the
Government? Can any fund in any court of jus-
tice—can any fund in a court of admiralty or a
court of equity—can any fund provided by any
diplomatic arrangement for the payment of a class
of claims, ever be distributed if the action upon
the fund is never to take place until the last per-
son claiming upon that fund shall come forward
and assert his rights? Is it not, on the contrary,
the experience of every day and fv<-ry hour.tu.it
when a fund is to be distributed h..!w>. >> a laru'e
number of claimants, a time is fix> u at wh..-h
they are to come in with their claims, or b. for
ever barred ? Was not that the case in regard to
your payments under the Florida treaty- Was
not that the case with your payments under the
Mexican indemnity fund? Is there anything
unusual, improper, or unjust in requiring some
time to be fixed at which creditors shall come
forward and make their claims upon a particular
fund, or in default thereof, that the fund shall be
distributed amongst those eidimim; undent5 It"
any attempt were made In'ie by any of the cred-
itors of the State of Texas who pr<. > i;i>d their
claims in due time, to have a r nmotmt ap-
propriated to themsclv, s than their debt, tle.ie
might be some force in what in all. ged or st'Stf-
gested by different Senators: but lure m« n are
struggling to avoid a loss; thev are rompi Hed,
because they are dealing with Govt rnuu ms, to
abandon a portion of their just claims.
The Stale of Texas involved herself' hi debt at
the time when she was struggling to ;aiii her
independence. All the destinies of that liepnbiic
were involved in the struggle; and at a time
when her fortunes seemed darkest, she appealed
to the citizens of the United State*, and amongst
others to my own condutuenie, to come forwaid
and risk their money for her help—to place, the
