1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
her claim to independence, and they their fortunes,
in a common lottery, with an agreement that if
at length the result should be glorious, and the
common prize won for all, all should share alike—
that she should have the priceless blessing of
independence and independent sovereignty as a
Republic, and that those who aided her in the
acquirement of that blessing should gain by the
advances they made to assist her. Then when
the struggle was over, and the prize was won,
Texas appropriated to herself all that she struggled
for, and left these claimants to such scanty measure
of justice as her sense of right, or as the proper
feeling and generosity of this Government might
accord to them, this Government having taken
from Texas the fund upon which the creditors
relied for reimbursement.
That is the state of the case. In order to throw
obloquy and disfavor on the claim of these cred-
itors, it is a very easy matter for gentlemen to
rise up and speak the claims being in the hands
of brokers and speculators, who have paid nine
or ten cents on the dollar, and are now to receive
reimbursement in full. That there are some
such I will not deny; but there are others, others
known to me, who for fifteen or twenty years
have been suffering the ills of poverty, resulting
from advances made by them to the State of
Texas in the hour of her darkest need, and
which she now refuses to refund, and 011 which
she has refused to pay interest for a number of
years past, although the very face of her obliga-
tion bears interest. That there are a number of
claims such as this cannot be contested; and yet
all these claims, meritorious or not so, are con-
founded in a common mass, and appeals made to
prejudices against dealers in money, against ex-
change brokers, and speculators, these appeals
being made with a view to throw discredit on the
entire class of claimants.
Mr. President, these men present claims against
the State of Texas, now acknowledged by her,
for more than two millions of dollars exceeding
the fund in the Treasury; and yet, not satisfied
with the receiving from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States §5,000,000 out of the $10,000,000 which
were accorded by Congress in the settlement of
the boundary dispute, Texas is now claiming
that the remaining balance of the $5,000,000,
which only suffice for the payment of a pitiful
dividend to the creditors who assisted her in the
struggle for her independence, shall also be sub-
divided between them and her, and that thus she
shall make profit out of her debts. There is no
equity in this demand. In regard to those' who
may have been faulty or negligent in presenting
themselves at the Treasury for payment, they
still retain their claims against the State of Texas.
I, however, do not desire that they should be left
to that last resource. I am perfectly willing, speak-
ing as I do in the interest of creditors, in the
position which I have just suggested, that others
who have claims may come forward and take
their share out of the fund in the Treasury. But
what I do protest against, and what i shall con-
tinue earnestly to protest against, is that if, after
all shall have received their dividend, there still
remain a balance, that balance shall be paid over
to the State of Texas, which has no claim to it,
instead of being distributed among her creditors.
If any additional dividend can be given to her
creditors out of the small balance remaining in
the Treasury, let us at least make that step to-
wards justice between the parties; let us not return
it to the State of Texas. By the act of 1855 she
has agreed that the whole sum shall be paid to
her creditors.
With due respect to that State, and those who
represent her here, I do not think she is justified
in asserting that she has a higher right than any
Government on earth to say what shall be done
with the surplus. She has abandoned her right
to say so. She has agreed, unconditionally, to
the terms of the act of 1855. The terms of that
act appropriated that balance to her creditors.
She has agreed to that; and she has no right now
to speak in relation to this application. Her right
is gone—abandoned by herself.
I know not, sir, what is meant by these reso-
lutions of the State which refer to a cotempo-
raneous construction of the act. I know of none j;
given by Congress; I know of nonegiven by any !]
authority competent to foreclose us in the expres- ■;
sion of our opinions; I know of none on which |i
Texas has a right to rely as authority. If the
intention of the Senators from Texas is simply
to provide some further time for such creditors
as may have been negligent in coming forward
and asserting their claims to this fund, let them
so state, and I will cheerfully cooperate with
them, if the balance is then to be distributed.
Mr. RUSK. Does the Senator find anything
at all in the Texas resolutions, which I have
presented to the Senate, that requires a single
cent of this money to be returned to Texas ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator
from what part of the resolutions I draw that
conclusion. The joint resolution of the honor-
able Senator says that the time fixed for the pre-
sentation of the claims shall be extended until
the 1st of January, 1858; and repeals that part
of the joint resolution of last session which au-
thorized and required the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to distribute and pay the residue of the
$7,750,000 pro rata among the creditors who shall
have filed their releases before the 1st of January
next. The proposition is not that the time of
distribution be extended, and then that it be
made among those who shall have filed their
releases, but to repeal entirely that part & the
law which "leaves a surplus in the Treasury for
the creditors.
Mr. RUSK. I leave that matter where it stood
on the original law—the act of Congress of 1855,
and the acceptance of Texas. I do not propose
to disturb that. I leave it for future consider-
ation. On that subject I am not alarmed. I am
instructed here by the sixth section of the Texas
resolutions, which the Senator has read, "to
employ all and every effort in" my " power to
procure" * * * " a repeal of the act" of last
session, "as offensive to our pride as it is in-
vasive of our interests." A repeal is all I ask.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A repeat of the act of the
last session ?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The joint resolution pro-
vides for a repeal of that clause which provides
for the distribution of the surplus after the cred-
itors shall have filed their releases. The Sena-
tor does not propose to repeal the entire act of
the lastsession, which the resolution of his Legis-
lature instructs him to do, but he proposes to
repeal that part of it which provides for justice
to the creditors by distributing among them pro
rata the surplus that may remain m the Treasury
after the creditors have presented their claims.
If the proposition of the honorable Senator were
to repeal the entire resolution of the last session,
which the State of Texas has instructed him to
endeavor to do, we might understand each other,
and possibly there might not be so much objec-
tion to that. But the proposition is to leave in
force that portion of it which grants further time
to creditors to present their claims—to which I
have no objection myself—and then determinately
to repeal that portion of the law which requires
the surplus eventually ascertained to remain in
the Treasury to be then distributed pro rata—that
is the part to which I object. I desire to know
what the Senator expects to do with the resulting
surplus ?
Mr. IIUSK. I will explain to the Senator what
I expect to do with that resulting surplus, and I
should have included it in this resolution if I had
time to do so; but the resolution must be passed
at once, or, if it be not passed by the 1st of Jan-
uary, the resolution which 1 seek to repeal will
remain m full force. Between this and the next
session of Congress, or during this session, many
of those claims which cannot come to the Treas-
ury at this time may be inquired into. The State
of Texas has given to the United States the
$5,000,000 which she had in your Treasury,
with the accrued interest, and has surrendered
her claims for Indian depredations, in consider-
ation of the United States undertaking to release
her from $10,073,000 of her debt. Some portions
of that debt have been presented and released:
but there is a portion that will not be paid.
While the discussion was going on yesterday,
a gentleman of the highest respectability, whose
name I am not at liberty to mention, stated that
he was a creditor of Texas, and I knew the fact
to be so. He loaned money in the beginning to
the agents of the State of Texas, and he is des-
cribed in the schedule mafle by Mr. Corwin, and
in the schedule made by Mr. Cushing, and in the
act of Texas accepting the law of 1855. He has
lost or mislaid his certificate. He is willing to
go before the Secretary of the Treasury and
make affidavit, that he never sold or transferred
his certificate, and yet he cannot receive his
money. That is one case. There may be others
equally as hard. I have a letter upon the sub-
ject, but it is useless to mention special instances.
I think I can safely say that the State of Texas
does not desire this money. She has given it for
a release from a debt of $10,078,000. She requires
that release from the creditors justly entitled to
it. I will join the Senator, I will join anybody
else, in making a distribution of the fund in such
a way that the creditors enumerated three differ-
ent times, or their representatives, shall receive
their share; but I am unwilling to distribute the
residue among the creditors who have already
received their pro rata, and been satisfied and
signed their releases. I am unwilling to do so,
because the Senator himself says the claims not
presented and paid will fall again upon the State-
of Texas. Suppose $100,000 of the money re-
mains undistributed, and is handed over to the
creditors who have already received their share,
and ten years hence unpresented certificates be
found in the hands of some gentleman who has
not presented them to the United States: claim
will be made on the State of Texas to pay the
amount, as a subsisting debt. But she has
already surrendered $5,000,000 to the United
States, and her Indian claims, in order that the
United States might pay this amount and release
her. Any distribution that will fulfill the obli-
gation, that will fulfill fairly the contract between
the State of Texas and the United States, will
meet my most hearty cooperation. I will join
the Senator in making the necessary investiga-
tion; but it requires time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is this practical
point to which the Senator from Texas has not
yet addressed himself, and which is exceedingly
interesting to the creditors: when are they to get
such surplus as may remain in the Treasury, or
is it to remain there forever ? When will Texas
be satisfied that all these claims have been pre-
sented, or will she never be satisfied ?
Mr. RUSK. I will explain to the Senator.
The laws of Texas scaling her debt placed differ-
ent rates upon the issues, giving to all a large
amount over the rates at which the paper was
issued. Some are scaled at twenty cents, some
at thirty cents on the dollar, and others at par.
The act of Congress of 1855, which was the best
and only one we could get, put all on an equality.
Those who held claims which cost but little weie
placed on an equality with those who paid a great
deal; and Texas so regarded it. There is one
instance of a large amount of debt held bv citi-
zens of Pennsylvania. The commissioners op-
pointed to rate the debt fixed that portion at par.
Under the provisions of this act those creditors
have had to come in, and take from the United
States seventy-six cents on the dollar. At the
very time when the news of the passage of the
joint resolution of last session reached the Legis-
lature of Texas, then in session, they had, as I
am informed, a bill in pro£i>"jss to appropriate
out of their treasury the difference between the
seventy-six cents and par; and 1 understood that
a majority of both Houses of the Legislature was
in favor of it. By the distribution which the joint
resolution passed on the 18th of August makes
—I have made a calculation of it—those creditors
who were rated by the State of Texas at par will
receive $15,000. By the act which Texas proposed
to pass they would have received $1)0,000, which
she regarded as doing equity. They are classed
in these claims, and Texas made the proper dis-
tinction.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana says
that some of these claims were picked up at a
small percentage, but he knows of others who
advanced money, and who have since lived in
poverty and want. Certainly no harm can result
from leaving this small amount in the Treasury
until we can examine the merit of those claims.
I contend, notwithstanding the eloquence of the
Senator from Louisiana—notwithstanding his
plausibility of argument—and I think, on recon-
sideration, he himself will see, that in place of
making a general grab, directly contrary to the
law and contrary to its object, it would bo better
to examine the claims which remain behind, and
