IM
THE CONGRESSIONAL C^OBE.
December IT.
distribute the fund equitably. Texas expects to
receive nothing from it; and as an-evidence that
Texas exi>e_cts to make nothing out of it, I may
mention-that-slic received #300,000 under the act
of 1855; and the joint resolution of last session is
BO worded that she will come in as a pro rata dis-
tributee under it; but she does not want the fund.
She hlsreceived her share, and released the Uni-
. ted States from it. The language of the joint
resolution would include the.State of Texas side
by side with the; other Creditors; but she does not
W Mr, BENJAMIN. I think the honorable Sen-
ator has not yet answered the question I put to
him.; This law provides for the distribution of
tW-ffind pro rata. Congress has nothing to do
with what Texas may consider full claims or
scaled claims. This law proceeds on the basis
that all creditors are to receive pro rata. The
question I put to the honorable Senator was this:
when iS the balance in the Treasury to be dis-
tributed pro rata amongst the creditors ?
Sir. RUSK Just as soon as they make their
appearance.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator does not yet
meet the difficulty. In all claims of this kind-
in the settlement of a hank, for instance—there
Is always presumed to be a certain portion of its
outstanding circulation that has been lost or
destroyed, and will never be presented. That
proportion is usually considered as the profit of
the stockholders, and it is considered in all bank-
ing institutions amongst the items of their profit.
No-#, these dg-ims, which have existed for the
last fifteen ortwenty years, have been in many
instances lost or destroyed. They never will all
lie presented—that is certain. At what time,
then, shall we fix the limit for the presentation
of these claims, at the expiration of which the
fund is to be distributed under the law ?
Mr. RUSK. I have proposed in my resolu-
tion to extend the time to January, 1858.
' IVJr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly; and, so far
as I am concerned, that would be satisfactory, if
the Senator did not accompany it with a provision
that then the distribution shall not take place.
Mr. RUSK. It may bo then as it is now, that
there may be evidence of some just claims not
presented. I have in my hand a letter from a
firm in Now York, who have a claim which they
cannot present before the 1st of January. If
there be no claim—if I know of no claim, then I
will meet the Senator upon what I regard as a
fair, legal, and eguitable basis. I will discuss
the matter with him; and if we cannot agree, he
has this advantage of mc: if he should propose
a distribution of this fund which would not be
satisfactory to me, and I should propose another,
he has eloquence and influence, and would be
much more likely to carry his point. I do not
want to distribute the fund until I know what it
is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I accept, with due grati-
tude, the compliments of the honorable Senator
from Texas. We all know who has the influ-
ence and the eloquence on ttjis floor. I desire to
fflWic to the practical point, which I now under-
stand to be this: that whereas, under the original
compact with the creditors, this fund was to be
distributed amongst them in the year 1856, in the
month of June; and whereas, without any par-
ticular protest on their part, further time has been
given, and they have been delayed until the 1st
of January, 1857, now the demand is, that they
be delayed until the 1st of January, 1858, and
then as much longer as it may please anybody to
asfc.
^Mr, RUSK. The Senator says a distribution
was to be made between the creditors who pre-
sented their claims and filed releases. I say it
was to be made between all the creditors. There
is exactly the difference which exists between us;
it is an irreconcilable difference. So far as I am
concerned, I do not wish now to provide for the
distribution of the little amount that may remain
afterwards, f have been hunting in my day, and
always found it better to sell the bear'sskin after
the animal was dead. Now, let us pay the claim-
ants that come in—none hut what are honest can
come in—and then let us see what is to be dis-
tributeel before we make a quarrel about it„
Mr- BAYARD. I wish to move an amend-
ment, to, which I suppose the honorable Senator
from Texas will ofier no objection. It is evident
to my mind, though I voted for the resolution of
the last session, that it was merely a declaratory
resolution. 'The honorable Senator from Texas,
as I understand, says that his State complains of
that resolution as offensive to her. That is the
basis of the objection. For one, I am perfectly
willing to vote for a repeal of that resolution, and
let the creditors stand upon their rights under a
legal and judicial construction of the act of 1855.
He is willing, I presume, to let them stand on
the construction of that law. We differ in regard
to its construction.
My honorable friend from Louisiana and my-
self think, that after executing the 'releases on
the terms offered by that law, the holders of the
certificates who presented them before the time
limited, acquired a vested right to the distribu-
tion of the fund to* an extent sufficient to pay
their debts—not beyond that. Other gentlemen
entertain the opinion, and the Secretary of the
Treasury has as I think erroneously decided,
that the distribution should be made among the
entire creditors without reference to presentation.
That is a judicial question. Then repeal the
resolution of last session. You have no right to
deprive these creditors of their rights after they
have under your law released you and the State
of Texas. 1 move, therefore, as an amendment,
to strike out all after the enacting clause of this
resolution, and insert in lieu of it the following:
That the joint resolution entitled " A joint resolution ex-
tending the time to the creditors of Texas to present their
claims," approved August 18, 1856, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Then let the parties stand upon their legal
rights for judicial construction. I am perfectly
satisfied with that. f
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, my attention
was called pretty closely to this subject yesterday
when it was under debate, as I occupied the chair
accidentally at the time. I listened with interest
to what was said on both sides, but my mind
was not sufficiently refreshed on the subject until
I came back to look at the law. I have been con-
temporaneous with this legislation, from the
beginning, in the year 1850, when the law first
passed to pay this money, down to this period,
when it is proposed to modify some of the pro-
visions heretofore made. It seems to me that if
there was any compact or any obligation arising
under the law between the creditors of Texas and
the Government of the United States in reference
to the payment of this money, such contract or
obligation is to be found in the law of 1855; and
the law of last session, or that portion which
proposed to distribute the residuum among all the
creditors after a given day, is the true departure
from it.
Now, I deny, absolutely, that there was any
contract whatever between the creditors of the
State of Texas and the United States arising under
this law. A condition was imposed on them,
requiring that releases should be made before
they should have the benefit of the law, which
may, as to those who have released, partake of
the nature of acontract; but, as to the law itself, I
absolutely deny that as between the Government
of the United States and the creditors of Texas,
it is anything more than a pure gratuity. There
was a contract between the United States and the
State of Texas under the law of 1850, commenc-
ing, as I thought then, in a gratuity to the State
of Texas; but it took the form of a contract, be-
cause the law provided that the money to be paid
under it should be paid to Texas in consideration
of a certain boundary. Thus it assumed the
form of a contract, and was a contract, but the
contract was between the United States and the
State of Texas. What was it?
The law of 1850 provided—I have not got it
before me, but I think I recollect the substance
perfectly—that there should be paid to Texas
$10,000,000, in consideration of the State of Texas
agreeing to the boundary between her and the
Territories of the United States which that law
prescribed. It provided, further, that $5,000,000
should be paid as soon as Texas assented to the
law, and that the remaining $5,000,000 should be
reserved in the Treasury, to bear an interest of
five per cent., until the creditors of Texas of a
certain class prescribed in the law should release
the United States from all claims against the
United States, and then the $5,000,000 were to
be paid to the State of Texas,
The result was what probably might have been
foreseen, standing as this Texas deot did at that
day. Texas having scaled the debt, there was a
large number of the creditors of that class who
would not release; and the law was construed—I
think properly construed—to forbid the payment
of any money until all released. The law was
found to be impracticable. Application was then
made to Congress, at least by declaratory act, to
put the subject in such a position as would give
the law some effect; and the result was, (by what
I cannot yetconsider to bo a substantial consider-
ation moving from the State of Texas,) to enlarge
the original sum of $5,000,000 to $7,750,000; and
then the United States, by the act of 1855, agreed,
in lieu of the $5,000,000 payable to the State of
Texas, to pay §7,750,000 directly to the creditors
of Texas. How? The law provides specifically.
During this period, it had been ascertained by
Texas, and it had been ascertained by the author-
ities at the United States Treasury and by the
Attorney General, who the creditors were that
comprised the favored class who asserted claims
against the United States. They were ascertained
not only by name, according to my recollection,
but certainly in numero, as a recognized number
of creditors owning a specific amount of debt.
The law of 1855 provided, if Texas would as-
sent to it, that, in lieu of paying $5,000,000 to the
State of Texas, when these creditors should re-
lease the United States, we would p'ay $7,750,000
directly to the creditors themselves. The terms
of the law were, (the amount being ascertained
and the creditors recognized who were to receive
it,) that the $7,750,000 should be paid pro rata
to the holders of the bonds of that class. The
language of the law is:
" The Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to the creditors of the late
Republic of Texas who hold such bonds or other evidence
of debt, &c., the sum of $7,750,000, to be apportioned
among the said holders fro rata."
What is the provision there ? The sum of
$7,750,000 is to Tbe paid to an ascertained class.
The class being ascertained, and the amount of
debtbeing ascertained, it was known that the sum
appropriated would not discharge the debt; and
hence it was provided that it should be paid pro
rata; just as though it were ascertained that thQ
creditors were one thousand in number, and that
theaggregate debt which they held was §10,000,000
and the act appropriated to pay them, pro rata,
$7,750,000. The law in terms proscribes what
each one was to receive, which was about severity-
six per cent., and it was to be paid to the holders
of the bonds pro rata.
Now, if there is any contract at all—if this is
more than a mere gratuity between the United
States and the creditors of Texas, (whatever
there may be of contract between the United
States and the State of Texas,) by the terms of
this alleged contract each creditor knew what he
was to receive. He was to receive seventy-six
per cent, by the terms of the law; because every
holder of the bonds had the same right. Be this
a contract or gratuity, I deny that there is any-
thing in the construction of this law which entitles
the creditors to come here and say now that tho
law determining the pro rata distribution fixed a
time at which the payment was to be made, and
that the pro rata distribution was to be determined
by the number of holders who presented them-
selves at that day. It would have been a strange
thing if the law had contained such a provision.
The holders of the bonds were ascertained; they
were registered; their names were published; they
were recognized by Texas in numero; and tho
law declared that they were the holders of the
bonds to whom this money should be paid pro
rata.
What did the law further provide? For the
safety of Texas, the original debtor, for the safety
of the United States, so well designated by the
Senator from Vermont as the iritrrmcdiat.' trustee,
the law provided, that before the payment should
i be made, time should be given—for what? For all
the creditors to come in? No; I utterly di'ny it.
; Time was given to enable th<> accounting officers
to scrutinize the claims. This was the object of
! giving time—that the accounting officers might
! have an opportunity to scrutinize the claims. A
| provision was made that no payment should bo
I made until ninety days after the publication of
' tho law, and then that no payment should bo
