THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 10.
made "but to those who had filed their claims
thirty days before the ninety days expired. Now
I "say it would be incongruous—it would be in-
equitable to have had any provision in this law
prescribing to these creditors, "If you do not
come in at the day, you shall receive nothing."
That would be entirely against the whole policy
and the whole morals of the law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator read the
fourth section ? It says so in so many words.
Mr. MASON. I have stated it within the last
five minutes. The fourth section says this: that
no payment shall be made until ninety days after
the publication of tfte jiotice, and then no pay-
ment but to those who filed their claims and re-
leases thirty days before the ninety days expired.
It will not be denied that this is the language of
the law. Let me read it:
"Sec.4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That before payment
of the moneys aforesaid, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall give notice, by public advertisement, for the space of
ninety days, of the time at which said payment will be
made; and no payment shali be made on any bond, cer-
tificate, or evidence of debt, which shall not, thirty days
before the time limited by said notice, be presented at the
Treasury Department."
What was the time mentioned in the notice ?
The time after which creditors should be ex-
cluded? No; but the time at which the payment
was to be made. There is nothing in the law that
looks or even squints at the idea of excluding
creditors who are more negligent than others in
coming in. The Secretary was to give ninety
days' notice of the day at which payment was'to
be made, and then the law said payment should
not be made to any bondholder who had not ex-
hibited it to the Treasury thirty days before that
day arrived.
1 submit it to the Senate—I submit it to any
tribunal, whether the sole purpose of that fourth
section was not to protect the Treasury, and to
protect the State of Texas against frauds and
impositions, to give the officers time to scrutinize
the papers, to see that no frauds were practiced,
and that the parties complied with the terms pre-
scribed. The act never designed—no act pursuing
the morals of law and fair dealing between man
and man could design to determine in advance,
where there was to be a distribution of this sort,
that if some creditors did not come in at the day
appointed, they should be excluded. What I
would say is, hold those creditors to the lav/. If
it be a contract let them have the benefit of it. I
utterly deny that there is any contract with the
creditors. As to those who have released, the
law of 1855 is fun rtms qffirin; it has discharged its
whole function. The law agreed to pay them a
prorata upon the whole amount of the bonds;
and they have been paid, and have released. It
is therefore ended as to them.
It seems, however, that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in construing that law, construed it—
as I think, with perfect correctness, differing, with
the greatest respect, from the honorable gentle-
men who think otherwise, and especially from
the Senator near me [Mr. Bayard]—to mean, that
he was not to pay until he had given notice of
payment by ninety days' notice, and not to pay
then, unless the bondholder brought in his bond
' thirty days before that time arrived. He reported
to Congress that there was a large sum of money,
over three hundred thousand dollars, for which
claimants had not appeared at the day of pay-
ment. The lawof 1855 made no provision against
that occurrence. It made no provision for those
who should come in after the day of payment,
but it was very far from saying that they should
be excluded. If the Secretary had put on the
law the construction that they should be excluded
by not coming in, he would have misconstrued
the law. Pie reported to Congress that there
were a number, to the amount of $340,000, who
had not appeared at the day of payment. Then,
what ought Congress to have provided ? I should
say, pursuing the true intent and meaning of the
law of 1855, the amendatory act should have
provided this: It is very natural in such a country
as ours that a great dea] of this debt should not
10
come in upon ninety days' notice; then, as%> the
residue, give one hundred and eighty days'notice,
and provide that if it does not come in within sixty
days before that time expires, you shall not be at
liberty to pay; not that they shall be excluded.
Instead of that, what is the provision of the
joint resolution of August 18, 1°856 ? It certainly
escaped me; I looked at it as a measure only to
give further time (which I believed was just and
right) for the pay*pnt of money appropriated
and not expended; But this lawof 1856 contained
a sting in its tail which I certainly never saw, or
it never would have been sanctioned by my vote,
if I voted for it; and I dare say I did. It gives
further time from June, 185G, up to January,
1857j for additional claimants to comc in; but it
provides that those who shall come in by the 1st
day of January next, and execute the proper
releases to the United States, shall get their pro
rata share of the $7,'750,000. What is the pro
rata share they were to receive ? The pro rata
share ascertained in terms and in amount by the
law of 1855. What does it then provide? It
provides " and after payment thereof"—that is,
after payment of the pro rata share to those who
have thus come in—" the said Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized and required to distribute
and pay the residue of the said $7,750,000 then
remaining in the Treasury pro rata—a second
prorata—"amongstall the said holders who may
have proved their claims, and executed the proper
releases, on or before the 1st day of January
next."
I say that was a total departure from the pur-
pose and principle of the law of 1855. If that
was a contract with the creditors, this is in vio-
lation of that contract and ill derogation of their
rights, because it provides that, in lieu of the pro
rata of seventy-six cents on the dollar which they
were to receive, they shall be excluded in toto,
unless they come in bythefirstof January, 1857.
I should never have voted for that joint resolu-
tion, if I had seen that proposition, or been made
aware of it. I understand that the proposition
now made is to repeal that part of the resolution
.of the last session, to take out that sting, to re-
store the original purpose which Congress had in
passing the law of 1855, to pay to the creditors a
pro rata on their bonds.
Now, suppose it should result, as it probably
will result, that there are many who have died
with these bonds in their pockets, who have been
lost on the sea, who have been blown up in steam-
ships, and both creditors and the bonds are out
of existence, have these creditors any right under
Heaven, in law or in justice, to. any more than
their original pro rata '! 1 utterly deny it, unless
as a gratuity. There may be, I doubt not, a great
many of these creditors, and their ewdences of
debt also, that are destroyed, and whose claims
will never be heard of; but it does not follow that
the bondholders who, under the law of 1855, were
to receive a certain sum, should therefore receive
more than that sum. I deny the propriety of any
law which shall look to this ultimate distribution
of the resulting residue, as it is properly called
by the Senator from Louisiana; and certainly, at
this time, no such law should be passed.
If we should expend the whole ofthe§7,750,000,
and at a future day one of these bondholders who
has been out of the country, or who for any rea-
son has not presented his claim, shall present
himself, how shall we stand? His claim is just
as good when ho does present it as if he had
come forward on the 13th of June—not against
the United States, but good against the State of
Texas, the true debtor. That bondholder may
go to the State of Texas, and he will go; and
will it be any answer to him to say; " There was
a law passed to pay you, either by contract or
gratuity—it is immaterial which—and you never
came in and asserted your claim ?" His response
would be: " That law was not obligatory on me,
if I ever heard of it; my demand upon the State
of Texas remains unimpaired." The State of
Texas would be bound to pay him, and doubtless
would pay him under such circumstances.
How does Texas stand in relation to this prop-
osition ? Shecomeshere and remonstrates against
the provision for the ultimate disposition of the
fund as one in derogation of her contrast with the
United States. She did make a contract with the
United States, and paid a consideration for it, so
far as the appearance of law is concerned, by'the
cession of territory; and she will say to the Uni-
ted States: " Weagreed with you that this money
should be paid pro rata amongst all the bondhold-
ers; you have undertaken to distribute it amongst
some of the bondholders, leaving some unpaid;
you violated your engagement; we have been
obliged to pay that unpaid debt, and you must
pay us back." Unquestionably she would have
a right to hold that language, and would hold it
effectually.
I cannot see, Mr. President, that there is any
claim in the world by these creditors to be paid
anything more than the pro rata of the §7,750,000
distributed among the bondholders recognized
and ascertained, whatever it was. They say.it
is seventy-six cents on the dollar. When they
have released the United States, the law is functus
officio as to them; it has discharged its whole
office: and, if there should remain a residuum,
I would say to the honorable Senator [Mr. Ben-
jamin] who has conducted this debate so lucidly—
for he has explained his views perfectly, and
with much ability—as far as my opinions are
concerned, on the justice of the case, as well as
i on the construction of the law, that residuum is
; to remain in the Treasury of the United States
until there comes some one of the bondholders
| originally provided for who is unsatisfied; and,
[ if it so remain until the day of judgment, it will
; only be in execution of the law.
j Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it is very
! evident that this is a judicial question. The hon-
orable Senator from Virginia differs from me, dif-
fers from the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
and probably from other members of the Senate,
in his construction of the law of 1855. He holds
that under this law there is no contract between
the United States and the creditor who releases
the United States, and the State of Texas also,
according to the terms and mandate of the law.
His doctrine is that the execution of these releases
by the creditor imposes on the Government no
obligation to carry that law into effect according
to its legal interpretation. For my part, sir, I
can hardly suppose a clearer ease than that of a
contract made by the Government. The honor-
able Senator says that, prior to this law, the cred-
itors of Texas had no claim on the United States.
In that opinion I agree with him: but they had a
claim against the State of Texas, and the release
of that claim by the creditors was the consider-
ation on which you agreed to distribute a certain
fund amongst them. You required them to re-
lease their claims against the State of Texas for
a less sum than the amount due to them; and in,
consideration of that release, you agreed to divide
among tlie'm a certai n fund, belonging to the State
of Texas to a great extent, which you held in
your hands. Is not that a contract ? You required
that fhe creditor should execute the release ante-
cedently to the receipt of the money. If he ex-
ecuted the release antecedently, is he not entitled
to the benefit of the legal construction of that law
in the division of the fund which you appropri-
ated by the law under which that release was ex-
ecuted ? Assuredly he is. _ ; <"
Then this resolves itself into a purely judicial
question. Have Congress a right to give their
own construction to a law, if this be a contract
apart from judicial decision, and deprive the
creditor of a right which he has acquired under
the law ? Thelionorable Senator from Virginia
assumes that there was an ascertained amourtt
of the debts of Texas, and that the sum appro-
priated waito be paid pro rata towards the dis-
charge of i^ose debts, the amount of which was
known. In addition to the argument of my hon-
orable friend from Louisiana, I think that by
reference to a single section of the law I can sat-
isfy the Senator beyond controversy that it is
