1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147'
Yi
in the chair.) Tlie question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. PTJGH. I wish to say two or three words
on the last proposition of the Senator from Dela-
ware. The exposition of the statute of 1855 h&s
been so fully made by the Senators from Vermont
and Virginia, that I shall not do more than ex-
iress ri!y entire concurrence in their judgment.
t is said to be a judicial question. 'Well, sir, if
I believed these creditors had a shadow of claim
to anything beyond the amount they have already
received, I should vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware; but I do not think they
have a pretense of a claim. I agree with the
Senator from Virginia that they are out of the
question, and that the resolution of the last ses-
sion was simply a provision that we should give
one man's money to another, and it is our duty
to repeal it.
It is contended that the fourth section of the
act of 1855 fixes a time within which the cred-
itors shall appear. J cannot understand it so. It
appoints a day of payment for the convenience
of the Secretary of the Treasury. He is to
ascertain the pro rata under the first section; but
in order that creditors may not run in every day,
in order that he may make his arrangements to
make payment with convenience to himself and
the officers under his charge, he is to name a
day when he will be ready (after having exam-
ined the claims filed) to pay to each his pro rata;
but there is no forfeiture at all. As to the pro-
vision that the claims shall be filed thirty days
beforehand, it seems to me the language of the
act is a complete answer to the Senator from
Delaware. What is it?
"And no payment shall he made upon any bond, certifi-
cate, or evidence of debt wlucli sliali not, thirty (lavs before
the time limited by said notice, be presented at the Treas-
ury Department."
What is the object of that ? It is to prevent
forged bonds being paid. We know who the
creditors of Texas are if the claims are not ne-
gotiable by delivery. We know who the bond-
holders are unless they are negotiable, and in that
case we know the parties to whom the bonds were
first issued. We know, for instance, that John
Styles is a creditor to the. extent of $100,000, hut
we do not know who John Styles is. He has to
present himself. If you ask three hundred or
four hundred persons to come on one day and
present their papers you may pay false bonds;
there may be a case of false personation; the
party who presents himself may not be the true
creditor, and therefore you provide that there shall
be thirty days'opportunity to examine his paper
before you pay him. That is the whole provision,
as T understand it.
As to the pretense that this fund should be dis-
tributed pro rata to those who might come in by
a given day, that, it seems to me, is totally ex-
ploded. Our proposition was to distribute a cer-
tain sum of money to a certain number of persons
owning an ascertained amount of the debt; and
when we paid seventy-six per cent, we paid all
that those men were entitled to; and when we
provide for paying other men's money to them,
we make ourselves liable, in my judgment, to
those who have not been paid.
Mr. BAYARD. We differ in the construction
of the law. I ask for the yeas and nays on my
amendment, as the matter may come up in a dif-
ferent shape hereafter.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, liigier, Bright, iliod-
Iicart, Comcgys, Johnson, Jones, of lou-a, Pratt, andStuait
—10
NAYS—Me^rs. Adam?, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Butler, Clay, Collanifi, Evans, Fessenden, Fi-h, Fitzpat-
uek, Foot, Foster, Ifale, Hatlau, Houston, Hunter, Iver-
pon, Mason, Push, Eonl, Ru>.k. Seward, Thompson of
Kentucky. Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—
28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. With a view of obviating
the objections of gentlemen relative to the surplus
of the presented claims, the title to which is liti-
gated, I desire to oifer an amendment, to come m
at the end of the section, to strike out the words
" be, and the same is-hereby, repealed," and
insert:
" Shall be so construed as to requiie the Secretary of the
Treasury to reserve from such distribution such sum a?
may be necessary to pay the pro rata dividend on valid
claims presented in du£ time at the Treasury for payment,
and the payment whereof has been withheld because of
any dispute or litigation in relation to the title of the hold-
ers or claimants."
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment; and on the question, "Shall
it be engrossed and read the third time?"
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 35, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Adams, Allen, BeJl of New Hampshire,
Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Coliamer. Comegys, Douglas,
Durkee, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, FiSpatnck, Foot, Fos-
ter, Geyer, iiale, Harlan, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Jones
of Tennessee, Ma-on, Pcarce, Pugh, Rcid, Rusk, Seward,
Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—35.
NAYS—Meibr?. BayaegL Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead,
Johnson, Jones of Iowap?ratt, .Stuart, and Thompson of
Kentucky—9.
So the joint resolution was orderecf to be en-
grossed and read the third time. It was read the
third time, and passed.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator will
allow me a moment. I believe I have been dis-
placed in the possession of the floor for about a
week. I am getting a little tired of that position.
I am not particularly anxious to make a spccch;
but if I have to do it, I should like to do it before
long. If it is understood by the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Evans] that he will not call
up his bill to-morrow, I shall ask permission of
the Senator from Michigan to take up the ques-
tion of the reference of the President's message,
and make it the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I agree very cheerfully that
the Senator from Tennessee ought to have the
floor to-morrow, for the purpose of making his
contemplated spcech; and if the Senator from
South Carolina is willing to accede to the prop-
osition, I certainly shall do so with a great deal
of pleasure.
Mr. EVANS. Appeals have been made to
me to postpone the revolutionary claims bill
on account of the absence of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] to wiiich I think I ought
to yield; and I therefore do not propose to call
up that bill until he returns," provided that is
before next Monday. I will allow him a few
more days, although last Monday was fixed at
liis own instance originally.
Mr. BROWN. I think there is another special
order for to-morrow. I mention it simply that
there may be no mistake.
Mr. SLIDELL. Thatspecial order is the bill
for the establishment of a Navy depot at Bruns-
wick, Georgia; but it is understood that it shall
be passed over until the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs arrives here.
The PRESIDENT pro tenipore. The subject
referred to by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr,
Joxes] is among the unfinished business, and will :
take precedence of the special orders.
Mr. STUART. Then I submit my motion for |
an executive session. ;
Mr. IVERSON. With regard to the bill which
has been made the special order for to-morrow—
the bill for the establishment of a naval depot at
Brunswick—I beg to say that I will not press it'
to-morrow if the Senator'from Floridaisnotherc;
but if lie be piesent, I shall insist on its consider-;
ation. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no ,
objection, tlie motion made by the Senator from
Texas, [Mr Rusk,] to refer so much of tilt; Pres-
ident's message as relates to foreign affairs to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, will be taken
up. The Chair hears none.
On motion of Mr. STUART, us further con- ,
sideration was postponed to, and made the special ,
order for, to-morrow, at one o'clock.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. !
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate pro- i
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
i! and after some time spent therein, the doors were
I; reopened. '
i SALLY T. MATTHEWS,
h On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the amend-
h ment made by the House of Representatives, at j
b the last session, to the bill (S. No. 269) for the i
relief of Sally T. Matthews, was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
GARMAN, WIGLE, AND BENFORD.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, tile bill (S. No.
447) for the relief of Garman, Wigle & Benford,
■^as read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BIGLER. I will explain this bill in a
very few words. It is intended to correct a mere
clerical error in a bid for a mail contract from
Cumberland, Maryland, to Greensburg, Penn-
| sylvania. The bid was intended to be for §4,320,
! but by some mistake it read $320. The state-
ment of the bidders is accompanied by the affi-
davit of Mr. Coffroth, who says that the bid -
should have been for $4,320; and the Postmaster
General says in his communication, thatat $4,320
it would be still §1,680 less than any other bid.
The object of the bill is to authorize the Post-
master General to make a contract with the par-
ties at $4,320, the amount which they intended to
bid. I call for the reading of the letter of the
Postmaster General.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Post Office Department, May 12,1856.
Sir : I have received the accompanying communication
from Messrs. Garman, Wigle & Benford, accepted bidders
at the late letting^ of mail contracts on route No. 3331, from
Curnbeiland, Maryland, to Gieensburg, Pennsylvania, with
the affidavit of A. H. Coffroth, representing their intention
to bid .$4,320, instead of §-300,
I am entirely satisfied, from the facts and circumstances
set forth, that a mistake was made in tlifc ca^e, as alleged
by tlie bidders; but. bem? without power to correct the
same, I beg leave to recommend that«Congress afford the
desired iclief. by pa&smg an act authorizing a contract at
$4,320, the n mount of the intended bid, being $1,660 less
than any other bid received for similar service.
I have tlie lionoi to be, &ci,
JAMES CAMPBELL,
Postmaster General.
Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, Chairmanof Committeeonthe Post
Office and Post Roads, United States Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is all right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third .
reading1, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, December 17, 1856.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT ON THE FINANCES.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the resolution
reported yesterday from the Committee on Print-
ing, that fifteen thousand copies of the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the
finances be printed for the use of the members of
the House, the question pending being on the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Air. Florence,] providi^ir for the printing of
twenty thousand corner of that report, one thou-
sand copies to be i (.-served for distribution by the
Secretary of the Treasury; upon which the pre-
vious question has been demanded.
Mr. EVANS. I n^k leave to introduce a joint
resolution granting fuither time to Texas credit-
ors to present their claims, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. CLIXGMAN. I-ohject to any deviation
from the regular order of business. I object to-
day as 1 objected yesterday.
Mr. EVANS. Tins is a resolution in relation
to the payment of the Texas debt. I only ask
Us introduction for refeiem-e.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot hear wljat the
gentleman says; but I insist on my objection*
believing that my position is the correct and
proper one. I think we ought to do our business
in regular order. " "
The previous question was seconded; ana tlie
mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. Fi osiexce's amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAIS'E. I ask leave to introduce several
bills of a territorial character for reference only.
