150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
diplomats abroad, the voyages of our naval officers on dis-
tant seas, or works prepared by our mjlitoy men who may
be sent to foreign countries to inquire into the state of tne
art of war, the science of engineering, &c. Supposing
them to be men flf great merit, they would have an equal
claim to patronages It is manifest how improper and how
liable to partiality and a&use such a sysiem would be; as
well* too, might the Government undertake to supply the
people of the United States with information m all the
departments of general knowledge, as with works on Arctic
exploration and discovery. ,
The enterprise of Dr. Kane, though prompted by nigh
impulses, conducted with angular heroism, amidst great
perils, and" crowned with honorable success, m many re-
spects was merely a private one, neither ordered nor in-
duced by the Government, although aided in some degree
by the Navy Department. The publication of bis narrative
Is also a private enterprise, for patronizing which, especially
to the degree proposed, the committee can see no adequate
£ reason/-?
In view of the whole subject, they recommend the
amendment following: Strikeout the first section of the
resolution after the enacting clause, and also the first line
of section two to the word " aforesaid" inclusive.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the
joint resolution to be read the third time. It was
rftad the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the title was
amerided so as to read: " A joint resolution for
the presentation of medals to Dr. Kane, his offi-
cers and men."
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. ADAMS. The Committee on Retrench-
ment, to whom was referred the resolution in re-
lation to appointing clerks to the committees, have
instructed me to report it back, and recommend
the adoption of the following substitute:
That the authority to appoint permanent clerks to com-
mittees (except as to the Committee on Printing) be, and
the same Is hereby, rescinded; and that hereafter appoint-
ments of clerks to'committecs shall be made by the consent
of the Senate, upon application of the committee desiring
such clerks, and that no cleik ot'a committee fchall receive
any compensation as such who holds the olttee of clerk m
, any of the Executive Department.-;
It is proper for me to say that the Committee
on Retrenchment, in investigating this subject,
sound great embarrassment in discharging the
duty imposed on them. They believed that each
committee could best judge for itself whether it
needed a clerk, and therefore it was thought
proper to restore the former habit and leave the
responsibility to each committee who believed it
was necessary t.o have a clerk, to call on the Sen-
ate for the power of appointment; and the Senate
then can determine not only whether a clerk shall
- be appointed, but the time for which he shall
serve, whether temporarily, during the session,
or permanently. We believed that the clerk to
_.the Committee on Printing, having perhaps as
; important duties to perform during the recess as
during the-session, should be made permanent.
ThC resolution proposes that each committee
deeming it necessary shall make application to
the Senate for the power of appointment. I hope
the Senate will act on the proposition at once.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask the Senator from
Mississippi, whether the Committee on Finance
has not a permanent clerk by law ?
Mr. ADAMS. They have one by resolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD. One or two other com-
mittees ought to be put on the same footing.
The Committee on Claims cannot make progress
in theif business, and you could get no Senator
to serve on that committee without a clerk. It
requires more investigation and more visits to
the Departments than the duties of any other
committee.
Mr. ADAMS. I will say in reply to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, that this proposition is
to rescind the authority to appoint permanent
clerks, and leave it to the Senate to determine as
applications shall be made", so that it places the
clerk to whom he 1ms referred on the same foot-
ing with others. If the committees of the Senate
think permanent clerks are necessary, they will I
doubtless be provided for by the Senate. !
_ Mr. STUART. What is the original resolu-1
lion? I should like to hear it read. |
T6e Secretary read it, as follows: j
Resolved, That such of the standing committees as were '
authorized to employ clerks during the last session, ami t
have not permanent cierk.s, be authorized for the present
to employ clerks to dui<?from the commencement of liie I
session. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the substitute reported by the Committee
on Retrenchment. i
Mr. STUART. I was iwt aware that there
was any permanent authority existing for the
appointment of clerks. I suppose the very reason
why the honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Jones] introduced his resolution was, that no
committee of the Senate had power to appoint a
clerk. Now, as I understand the substitute, it
proposes to repeal what does not exist, and it
fixes a limitation which I certainly should not be
willing to agree to. That question was very con-
siderably discussed at the last session; and I
think there was an emphatic vote of the Senate
that the committees should select such persons
for clerks as they thought croper, not being lim-
ited at all. Now, sir, whether it is worth while
to pass th| resolution in the form in which it was
originally introduced, and allow every committee
which had a clerk at the last session to have one
now, is one thing. If there is any such power
as is contemplated in this substitute in existence,
I should be opposed to its repeal, so far as I un-
derstand the subject; but I am not aware that
there is any such power. The idea, however,
of limiting the range from which a committee
shall select its clerk, seems to me to be entirely
improper. A case was presented at the last ses-
sion, that of the clerk selected by the Committee
on Finance, who was afterwards made a perma-
nentclerk, with an annual salary; he was selected
because he was in the Department, and possessed
the knowledge which was so essentially necessary
for the duties of the committee. The same thing
may exist as to other committees. The object
of the clerk is to relieve the chairman and other
members of a committee from the extraordinary
labors imposed on them by their position; and if
it is worth while to have a clerk at all, it is worth
while to have one who has the knowledge, the
competence, and the experience necessary. To
say, that during the three months' session—and
that is the only time you pay liim—the Senate
shall not have his experience and service, unless
he will abandon the position he holds in the De-
partment, is to say what does not seem to me
to be wise: and, for the purpose of testing the
sense of thg. Senate on that question, I move to
strike out that portion of the substitute.
The clause proposed to be stricken out, is:
" And that no clei k of a committee shall receive any
compensation, as such, who holds the office of clerk m any
of '.he Executive Departments."
Mr. HALE. It is a matter of indifference to
me whether the portion suggested by the Senator
from Michigan bo stricken out or retained. It
seems to me, however, that the resolution re-
ported by the committee is entirely short of the
difficulty. It leaves the matter exactly where it'
is now. It does not alter the lav/, and probably !
will not alter the practice a single hair. There j
have been cases like this, which occurred more !
than twenty years ago in the Senate. Commit-;
tees were appointed, who met once, appointed a j
clerk, and did not meet again during the session. !
That was the case here in some instances, I i
know, twenty years ago; and the clerk was paid '
during the whole session. That practice became i
such an abuse, that the authority to employ clerks !
was taken away. When I had the honor of first '
taking a seat in the House of Representatives, |
very few committees there had clerks at all. ;
Afterwards the practice was adopted of allowing i
each committee here to apply for a clerk, and !
obtain one. Under that practice some abuses i
grew up, until, at the last session, according to i
my information, committees made this applica- j
tion to the Senate, and had clerks appointed, who 1
sat, some of them, only once, and some twice, .
during a long session of eight or ten months.
They had clerks who probably did not write so
much in the whole session as could be inscribed
upon a piece of paper as big as the palm of your
hand, who got their pay during the entirc'ses- '
sion. Some committees were not content with
that, but wished to obtain leave to employ their
clerks during the recess. I believe the Commit- '
tee on Finance ought to have a permanent clerk.
That is very proper; but it was not confined to '
the Committee on Finance, i remember that
other committees have had their clerics continued
not only duiing the whole session, but during the
reccs3, until, in fact, the only thing the dcrii ha;; !
to do is to act as private secretary to the chair-
man of the committee. That is the solemn truth,
and may as well be told first as last.
This report of the Committee on Retrench-
ment, with great deference be it said, leaves the
matter exactly where it is now. It does not alter
the law, and will not alter the practice one iota,
particularly if the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan prevail. I suppose this attempt will
end like all other attempts to reform abuses, ex-
cept one—that which the honorable Committee
on the Library has introduced this morning—to
cut off the supply of books. That seems to have
had more success; but that is the only attempt
which has had the least success in attempting to
cut off the useless expenditures of the Senate.
If the Senate mean to reform the practice, this is
not the resolution to do it, and it is not the way
to do it. It is a matter of perfect indifference to
me whether the amendment be adopted or not.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment offered to
the resolution by the Committee on Retrench-
ment proposes to cut off the clerk of the Finance
Committee, who has been made a permanent clerk
by the order of the Senate. I think that ought
not to be done. It is a very important matter to
have an experienced and able clerk to that com-
mittee. The loss of such a man in the way we
do business and pass appropriation bills, might
cost the Government hundreds of thousands of
dollars. You know, sir—you have been often on
that committee—how dependent we are on the skill
and experience of the clerk. Unless we make
him a permanent clerk, we cannot command that
sort of experience (because mere ability is not
sufficient) which is necessary in a clerk of that
committee. I hope that, if the amendment be
adopted, the clerk of the Finance Committee will
be excepted, as well as the clerk of the Printing
Committee.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to call attention to the
motion now pending to strike out a portion of the
resolution limiting the payment. The Senator
from Michigan insists, and that would probably
be the result, that committees could not employ
clerks who are employed in the Departments as
clerks here to receive double pay. That is the
objection. If you look to the amount paid to
the clerks here, you will find [hat they receive a
reasonable compensation for their services. I
mean that they receive a reasonable cempi-nsa-
tion for their undivided time and their attention
to the business of the committi es. Thtre-sidu-
tion I have reported merely provides that tin y
shall not receive double compensation—pay by
the year as clerks of Depiuti.ieuts, and p;>y as
clerks to the committees here. If there be so
little business for a committee to do thai its clerk
can attend to the duties of an office in the Depart-
ments, where we know they have to labor v. ry
hard, the price ought to be reduced at one place
or the other.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Mississippi. There is a
misapprehension on this point. I prestim tin-re
is no one here who desires to allow a jv is-m to
receive pay as a clerk to a committee and at the
same time as a clerk in the Departrat n!s. Tlie
only objection is, that the clause*as it sniais pro- •
hibits a committee from selecting a man now in
| the Departments to be clerk to a tommuke. ,
j Mr. ADAMS. By no means.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. If tin1 namrwiH word
1 the resolution, that no clerk of a commit!' >■ -hall
receive pay for any other servio nnier tin-
I ernment at the same time, tlier-1 will be u.i ubjec-
' tion to it.
; Mr. ADAMS, I have no objection to that.
The object of the committee wa-', thai the clerks
; should not t'i cetve double pay. Wi- have a _-r' at
number of men who are rmploymt nU >'nd
are not nceiving a single salary: ami t>> double
the salaries of s.ime, while so many are suft'-ritij
who need a smijc saloiy, should m.t b" allowed.
We thought, that while we pay e'e : k:-, ;>- vee tt(, 
tin y should not be receiving salaries for other
omees. That is the whoh. object of the provision,
if the phraseology does not express tin- id.-u, I
am willing to agree to any modification of it.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says that the
clerk of the Committee on Claims should !>. per-
manent; that he baa a vast,amount of labor to
jxribrm. I know, having once liicn ameniiier
of that committee, that he lias labor to perform;
