152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
to be rolled up against me. But I am done with
that.
"Mr. HARLAN. I should like the Senator to
read the words of Mr. Ciay.
Mr. JONES, Tennessee. I have not the
extract before me, but you will find it in his
speech of the 7th February, 1839. I hope one of
the pages will bring me the book.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether he was
not then discussing the power of Congress to
exclude slavery from the States?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He was discussing
the slavery question. He was speaking of the
power of Congress over slavery, and he main-
tained that they had no jurisdiction over it, in
the very terms I have employed. I stated it in
my speech at the close of the last session; and if
any Senator has a copy of it, which I presume
he has not—I do not keep them myself—you will
find the extract quoted, page and all.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will read an extract from a speech of Mr.
Clay, which may be found in the Appendix of
the Congressional Globe, on page 118, volume
22, part 1, first session Thirty-First Congress, in
which he discussed this very subject of the power
of Congress to exclude slavery from the Terri-
tories.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee* Read it.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. Clay said:
" Now I put it to genflomon, there not at this moment
a pb'Jvcr somewhcic existing either to admit or exclude
sJavery fiom the Territories acquucfr from Mexico r It is
not an annihilated power. Thai is impossible. Jtisasub-
stantive, actual, existing power. And where does it e.ust ?
It existed—no one I presume denies—in Mexico, pnor to
the cession of those Territories. Mexico could have abol-
ished slavery or have introduced slavery eithei in Califor-
nia or New Mexico. Now, that power must have been
ceded. Who will deny that? Mexico lias parted with the
teriitory, and with it the soveieignty over the tciritorv;
and to whom did she transfer it? She; transfeired the ter-
ritory, and the sovereignty over the territory, to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The Government of the
United States, then, aequiied all the terntory, and all the
sovereignty over that territory, which Mcxico held in Cal-
ifornia and New Mexico prior to the cession of these Ter-
ritories. Sir, dispute that who can. The power cm^is, or
it does not exist. No one wUJ contend lot its annihilation.
It exited m Mexico. No one, 1 think, can deny that Mex-
^jco alienates her sovereignty over the t^intoiy to the Gov-
'.•-^jprnment of the United Suites. The Government of the
? United States, therefore, possess all the pow#s which
Mexito possessed ovei those Tetritones; and the Govern-
ment of the United fc'tate.-. can do with lefeienee to thein—
"Within, I admit, certain limits of the Constitution—what-
ever Mexico could have done. Theieare prohibitions upon
the power of Congress withm the Constitution, which pro-
hibitions, I admit, must apply to Congress whenever it
legislates, whether for the old States of the new Territo-
ries; but within the scope of those prohibitions—and none
of them restrain the cxeici&e of the power of Corigte&s on
the subject of slavery—flip powers of Congress aio coex-
tensive and coequal with the powers of Me'ueo prior to the
^^sion."—Appendix Congressional Globe, first session
Thirty-First Congress, vol. £U, part 1, p. lib.
i( The power then, Mr. President, in mv opinion—and t
extend it to the introduction as well as the piohibmon of
slavery in the new Territories—does exist m Congress."
—JAW., page 117. °
I make these quotations for the purpose of
enabling the honorable Senator from Tennessee
to set Mr. Clay right. I have other extracts that
are equally pointed, which I will read if the Sen-
tor desires it.
. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am very much
indebted to the Senator from Iowa for his attempt
to enlighten me on this point. I am glad to find
that he .has been reading the speeches of Mr.
Clay. I know precisely what Mr. Clay said
there, and I concur with it. There is no incom-
patibility at all between his two speeches. Mr.
Clay said that a,power existed within certain
, limits and restrictions; but in the speech he made
in 1839, he defined what those limits and restric-
tions were, and nowhere can it be found *hat
Mr. Clay concedes to the Congress of the United
States the power either to establish or prohibit
slavery. 1 will get the volume as soon as 1 can.
Mr. HARLAN. If ihe Senator will allow
me, I will read another extract on that point.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I read another extract from
a speech by Mr. Clay:
" But I must say, m a few words, that I think there are
twosouree^of power, cither of which is sufficient, in mv
judgment, to authorize the exercise of the power either to
wSU,C,.e £r k?ep- ou,£, slaver>'>outsi<le of the and
Withm the Territories." * * * ■* *
8 point is settIei1 ^ ali the elcment-
, yf ™lfo™ interpretation and action
«vo P J— , f our Government—legislative, execu-
tive, end judicial—and when that point has been' settled
during a period of fifty years, and never was seriously dis-
turbed until recently, f think that if we are to regard any-
thing as fixed and s ttled under the administration of this
Constitution of ours, it is the question which has been
thus invariably and uniformly settled.-"—Appendix to Con-
gressional Globe, first session Th.ii ty-First Congress, vol.
22, part X, p. 118.
This is from a speech delivered by Henry Clay
on the floor of the Senate in 1850, when the com-
promise measures were under discussion. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now have before
me the book to which I alluded. Mr. Clay said
in 1839:
" I deny that the General Government has any authority
whatever from the Constitution to abolish what is called
the intcr-State slave trade, or, in other words, to prohibit
the removal of slaves from one slave State to another slave
State.".
He said further, speaking of the compromises
of the Constitution:
t{According to that compromise, no power whatever was
granted to the General Government m respect to domestic
slavery, but where it relates to taxation, representation,
and the power to restore fugitive slaves to th^ir owners."
Now, sir, if you can make anything clearer
and more distinct than that, I should like to hear
it. Mr. Clay then proceeds:
" The Constitution of the United States never could
have been formed with authority to abolish slaver}'. It
nevei can be continued for a single day, if the existence
of &uoh a power be assumed or usurped."
Mr. HARLAN. Now, I hope the Senator
will allow me to say a word.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. In connection with that very
passage is the following:
" In my humble judgment, the institution of slavery pre-
sents two questions totally distinct, and resting upon en-
tirely different grounds — slavery within the States and
slavery without the States. Congress, the General Gov-
ernment, has no power, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, to touch slavery within the States except in the
thioo specified particulars m that instrument."—JlppetulU
to Congressional Globe, first session Thirty-First Congress.
vol. 2-2, pait 1, p. 117.
Henry Clay a\ that time was arguing the two
distinct qustions of the power of Congress over
slavery within the States, and the power of Con-
gress over slavery without the States in the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Clay distinctly
stated that the Constitution confers on the Gen-
eral Government no jurisdiction over the subject,
except in the three cases which he specified. If
you can find anything that makes the point
plainer, stronger, and more unequivocal than that,
I cannot. Mr. Clay, in his speech read by the
Senator, specified the power of Congress, and
said in that very speech it is restricted within
certain limits. He defines, in the speech from
which I have read, what those restrictions and
limits are.
Now, I pass to the real issue. The real ques-
tion before the country (the one in which we are
interested, in which I am interested, in which i
my constituents are interested, more than in any '
quibble about the constitutional power) is not
in fact—while I do not mean to impugn your sin-
cerity or your truthfulness — if I could believe
that was the position of your party, I should
breathe much more freely, and should feel that
this Union we have been elevating and of which
you have-boasted so much and have spoken so
patriotically, was destined to be perpetual. If
that is all you ask, gentlemen, how soon are we
to have the era of good feeling and peace ? When
the Supreme Court shall have settled that ques-
tion, we bow to the decision; and then the whole
negro question is gone and we are to have the era
of good feeling and of peace. Gentlemen, that
may be your individual opinion; that may be the
opinions of some of y^u; but is. that the view of
your party? Do you plant yourselves on that?
Are you willing to stand by that doctrine ? If
so, I rejoice with you, and I should rejoice for the
country, because I am willing to see it settled. I
repeat, I should deprecate a settlement depriving
the South of a just and equal participation in
the common property of the whole country. I
should regard that as unjust to us, unequal, and
hard; yet we are ready to submit to it; we are
ready to yield a ready acquiescence to the decision
of the Supreme Court.
Gut I want to look into your history. I think
there are some of you who seek more than this.
It is true, in the language of some Senator here—
I believe the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wabe]—
you do not propose to abolish slavery in the
States. You do not propose directly to abolish
slavery in Tennessee. No; but you propose a
series of measures which must necessarily lead
to it. In the language of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bctlek,] you will not go and
apply the match to the barn, but you will set fire
to the stubble that surrounds it, and thus con-
sume the barn. Now, what difference is there
between the honesty, fairness, or patriotism of
the two courses?/ You will not go and wrest
from me my slatfe in Tennessee, but you will
draw lines of circumvallation around us; you
will use appliances that will destroy the value of
that property, and ultimately result in the abso-
lute destruction of the whole institution. I do
not like that mode of attack. I prefer that you
should come up boldly and manfully, and dcelare
your power and will to abolish slavery in the
States directly, because then we should be fore-
warned and forearmed. I prefer that you should
do that rather than draw those lines around us,
which all candid men, I think, will admit mast
result in the depreciation of the value of this spe-
cies of property, and ultimately in its destruction.
I would prefer to see the man who intends to do
that work, go up and apply the match to the
magazine, and let it be exploded, rather than i-o
off and apply it to the train that leads to the
magazine. The one would be bold, open, and
manly, while the other would be secret, covert,
and cowardly.
But, gentlemen, do you mean nothing
- - „ more
,int „tll; i • ■ ~~ —i nor less than that? I think the records will show
that which is m process of final and I hope per- j that you have either changed your minds, or
1 eke. [intend to r'ad
invite the attention of the Senate and the country
is the real position of this new political organiza-
tion calling themselves the Republican party of
this country. I grant you that I am profoundly
indebted to the Senators—I congratulate them, I i
congratulate the Senate, I congratulate the whole j
country, upon the change in the tone, the temper, !
; and the spirit, which they have manifested on
j this occasion. It is, I grant them, a happy change j
j —a change that reflects credit on themselves, ;
credit on the Senate, and credit on the country. !
The debate has been conducted with more than !
usual fairness, with more than usual courtesy, i
and with a vast improvement in decency I '
therefore congratulate them, and feel happy that !i
a brighter and better and more auspicious day is I
dawning upon the country. I congratulate them ' j
and the country upon what we have heard here I
duringthisdiscussion. Gentlemen have assumed, !
as I understand them, that all they demanded I
on the subject of slavery in the late presidential ■
contest, and all they now demand, was and is ;
the assertion, the maintenance, the vindication, !
and the execution of the power of Congress to 1
prohibit the introduction of slavery into the >i
•territories.
what certain Senators on this floor have said
heretofore; and if injustice is done, I hope they
will correct, me, for I do not mean to do thi:m
injustice, or to be unkind to them. I am depend-
ent very much on newspapers for my information
as to stump speeches made by Senator?. I know,
and am free to admit, that oftentimes they do us
great injustice, and oftentimes make us say thinsrs
we never said, and make speeches for us "that wo
never ^uttered; therefore, it I shall not correctly
represent any gentleman whose remarks I Khali
read, I hope he will put me nirht. f begm with
the distinguished Senator from Ohio, [Mr, Wade. }
i n,P0rt°d, in a speech inadt5 in Maine, m
1855, to have u^ed the following language:
<• Ih^re \ya« no at Jin; South for either white or
mack, and ho would -imv to protect iit<- ir«<  tail of the
Aorth troin the -ai.i-- hhghntig There rrUlu no
union now hp/,, ccn ihe North and fkv South, and iu- lnU<-'vul
no two nation.- upon the earth i« of wore
bitter rancor towanl,- each othJ*rUtan fhesp two
of the Republic. The o J\ ^aivution of iho Union, thorn-
tore, was to bp found in <hrc,tint> it entirely from alt Hunt of
siQiertj. Therr was no Union tnth. the SoVth. { u? have
a jmon,"' lie. u or let us weep uu-au this remnant
uiivh we call a Union, I go for a Cnioti where all men are
equal, or for no Union at aU; ami I go for mht."
That purports to be a speech of the honorable
if I cn W senator from Ohio. If that ha a correct reore-
• COuld belleve thatwas y°«r portion li semation of the opinions of that Senator at that
I understand that to be your position, gentle-
1<5rt If t ilnilirJ tv ^ f. ^  jl. . i ... ° .
