I85&;
IME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
House that the Senate had passed the following
hill , and rejfolution; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
• An act (S. No. 447) for the relief of Gar man,
Wigle & Benford; and
A resolution (S. No. 44) granting further time
to the creditors of Texas to present their claims,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the con-
sent of the House to take up tha't resolution of
the Senate, in order that it may be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
" Mr. ENGLISH. 1 object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee: I give notice that
on Monday next I will move to suspend the
rules in order to take up that resolution.
president's annual message.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the consideration of the annual
message of the President of the United States;
the pending question being on Mr. Campbell's
motion to refer said message to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
it be printed.
The debate upon the question of slavery in the
Territories was continued by Messrs. CtUIT-
MAN and BRANCH, who each occupied one
hour. Their speeches will appear in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. KUNKEL. The gentleman from North
Carolina announced a proposition which I con-
sider of great importance. I am not certain that
I understood him correctly, and I rise for the
purpose of obtaining information. I understood
the gentleman to say, in speaking of the various
States which had abolished slavery, that he had
always doubted their constitutional right to do
so. X wish to know whether the gentleman con-
siders that the abolition acts of the States of this
Union which have abolished slavery, were viola-
tive of the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. BRANCH. What I meant to say, and
what I presume I did say, was, that in my opin-
ion the Legislature of a State had no right to
abolish slavery; that it is a power which must be
reserved and exercised by the people in their sov-
ereign capacity, and that the acts of the Legisla-
ture of the States which ljad not express power
conferred upon them through the Constitution
to abolish slavery, were violative of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. KUNICEL. The Federal Constitution?
Mr. BRANCH. No; I referred to the consti-
tutions of the States.
Mr. KUNKEL. So I understood the gentle-
man; but as it was a matter of doubt upon this
side of the House, whether the gentleman refer-
red to the State or to the Federal Constitutions, I
put the question to him.
Mr. STANTON. There is another remark of
the gentleman from North Carolina, and which
has been repeated by other gentlemen, which I
wish to have explained. It has been announced
here by the gentleman from North Carolina and
others, that they are prepared to abide by the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in regard to the power of the people to
prohibit slavery in the Territories. What I de-
sire to know of the gentlemen who entertain that
opinion, and especially of the gentleman from
North Carolina, is this: whether they mean
simply that if the Supreme Court of the United
States shall decide in a given case that the power
is constitutionally exercised, they will thereafter
recognize that as the true construction of the
Constitution, and will not appeal to the people
to make any change, or to modify this constitu-
tional construction?
Mr. BRANCH. I have no difficulty in reply-
ing to the question of the gentleman from Ohio.
I cannot answer for other persons, either in Con-
gress or elsewhere, as to whether they will appeal
or not. But for myself, I say that whenever the
Supreme Court of the United States has made a
decision on the point, I will take it, as I am in the
habit of taking the decisions of supreme courts,
to be conclusive as to the opinion of that court.
Mr. STANTON. That is, the gentleman will
take it as conclusive of the true construction of
the Constitution, as I understand him. One more
question. Do I understand the gentleman from
North Carolina, and those who agree with him
on this question, to lay down the general doctrine
that the Supreme Court is the ultimate arbiter as
to all questions of constitutional power, and that
it is the duty of the people and of the legislative
department of the Government to recognize their
exposition as the true construction of the Con-
stitution ?
, Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman has asked me
one" question, and I have replied to it. Now, I
want to ask him one question.
Mr, STANTON. I am willing that you should
do so.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether, the Supreme Court of the
United States having decided that the fugitive
slave law is constitutional, he is willing to obey
it and aid in carrying it out?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman need have
no trouble about that matter. My doctrine is,
that whenever the Supreme Court decides a par-
ticular case—unless it be a case of such glaring
oppression, establishing principles utterly incon-
sistent with liberty, as would justify revolution—
I will submit to it as the law of that case. But I
will not recognize it as conclusive upon the ques-
tion, and as foreclosing any further discussion.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. I guess I had
better stop this thing just here. There is too
much of the Yankee over there for me. I now
desire to repeat to the gentleman from North
Carolina the inquiry, whether he recognizes the
doctrine that the Supreme Court is the arbiter of
all constitutional questions, and that the States
and the people are bound to acquiesce jn their
decision ? Does the gentleman recognize that
doctrine ?
Mr. BRANCH. If that question was at all
relevant to the matter under discussion, I should
not hesitate to answer it. I have opinions in
regard to it; but as it is totally irrelevant, and
opens up the whole field of constitutional law mid
American politics, I do not feel called upon to
answpr. So far as it boars upon the question that
is under discussion here, I tell the gentleman
now, as I told hiin before, that when the Supreme
Court of the United States decides the power
under the Kansas-Nebraska bill and the Consti-
tution of the United States, I will submit to that
decision. I do not feel inclined to engage in any
wrangle with the gentleman from Ohio that will
lead us forth into fields of politics and constitu-
tional law no way in issue in this case.
Mr. STANTON. Then I understand the gen-
tleman from Nwth Carolina to say, that in that
particular case, he will not seek any other con-
struction or seek to overrule the court. Now,
what I desire to know is, how he takes a distinc-
tion between the decision of the court upon the
question of the power of the Territorial Legisla-
ture, and the decision of the court upon any other
"Question of constitutional law. If he feels him-
self bound by the decision of the court as to the
power of the Territorial Legislature, why is he
not equally bound by the decision of that court
upon any other question arising out of the con-
struction of the Constitution? And if he recog-
nizes that power in all cases, I want to know
what becomes of that part of the platform of his
party which reenacts the resolutions of 1798-99 ?
Mr, BRANCH. I will only say, in reply to
that question, that I was never in my life very
fond of discussing abstractions; and, as the reso-
lutions of 1798-99 are not under discussion in
this debate, and have nothing to do, so far as I
know, with the Kansas-Nebraska bill, I do not
feel inclined to answer it.
Mr. DAVIDSON then obtained the floor, and
addressed the House for an hour on the question
under debate. His speech is withheld for revis-
ion, and will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. CAMPBELL,ofOhio. Mr.Speaker,there
are already reported and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
six of the general appropriation bills. Three
weeks of the short session of Congress have
already passed. My purpose in rising at this
time has been simply to putthe House in such
condition that it may go into committee with a
view to send some of the appropriation bills to
the Senate. I propose to demand the previous
question on the pending motion to refer and print
tlie President's message. Before doing so, I will
say to the gentlemen \^ho desire to continue the
discussion on the subject, that they can do so
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union as well as in the House.- In the mean
while, we can pass some of the appropriation
bills, and furnish the other branch of Congress,
as we ought to do, with some of the current busi-
ness of the session. I would have called for the
previous question at the,time I made the motion
to refer and print, but I believed then that a por-
tion of this discussion might a.s well go on in the
House proper as in the Committee of the Whole,
knowing that it would take some time to mature
business for the House before the standing com-
mittees. With this explanation, and disclaiming
any desire to cut off debate, or to take advantage
of either of the contending parties on this ques-
tion—avowing my desire always to be to advance
business as rapidly as possible with a fair limit
to debate—I call for the previous question; and
trust that the House will sustain the call.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw the call for one mo-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would with-
draw it for the gentleman from Virginia, but for
the fact that there have been four or five speeches
on the gentleman's side of the question one after
the other. I know the gentleman desires to pay
his respects to mc. I shall be glad to receive,
them in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I can receive them as well there
as in the House proper. I insist on the call for the
previous question, not because of any indisposi-
tion to accommodate the gentleman, but because
I believe that the best interests of the country
demand that I should do so.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw it in order that I may make a suggestion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw it for
that purpose. Without giving up my right to
the floor, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman was kind
enough the other day to withdraw the call for
the previous question at my suggestion. From
that time to this I have unsuccessfully sought
the floor. Five or six of the gentleman's col-
leagues have spoken on this question, while only
one gentleman from Virginia has been heard. Is
that just or fair ? I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question, so
that I may pay my respects to him, and the
position he assumed in opening this debate. It
will not retard the business of the House.
The gentleman tells me that I can discuss this
question as'well in the Committee of the Whole
as in the House. But the gentleman and his
colleagues have discussed it in the House, and I
wish to reply to them in the House. There will
be nothing lost by continuing the discussion( in
the House for one day longer.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In reply to the
suggestion made by the gentleman from Virginia,
I desire to say that when I took the floor origin-
ally, on the motion to print and refer the Presi-
dent's message, I was led aside from the line of
legitimate debate by the interruptions of himself
and his friends. Otherwise I would not have
spoken five minutes. The debate having been
opened by interrogatories on the gentleman's side
of the House, I did not feel myself authorized to
close _ my remarks by calling for the previous
question. It would then have been properly
charged that I acted illiberally. But now, sir,
the other side of the House having made four or
five consecutive speeches, I do feel that tig; gen-
tleman's draft on my liberality has nothing on
which it can be fairly founded.
As to the gentleman's suggestion, that he pro-
poses to pay his respects to me, I have only to
say that I shall hold myself in readiness at all
times—[Mr. McMullin. Now is the time!]—
either in the House proper, or in the Committee
of the Whole, to receive them, unless in my judg-
ment the public interest requires thatour personal
considerations shall be sacrificed, as I believe it
does require in the present case; and forthat rea-
son, as I said before, without desiring or intend-
ing that my action shall be construed into either
a fear as to the response which the gentleman
proposes to make to me, or any fear as to the
effect of the discussion upon the principles which
I advocate, I must, occupying the relation I do
to the House and to the country, insist apoivmy
demand for the previous question.
