162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Executive Departments. Referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
An act (No. 271) authorizing an additional
number of stand of arms for tho use of the State
of California. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
An act (No. 356) to authorize the people^ of
the Territory of Kansas to form a constitution
and State government preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States. Referred to the Committee on
Territories.
A resolution (No. 26) providing for further
mail service between Charleston, in the State of
South Carolina, and Havana. Referred to the
Committee on tha Post Office and Post Roads.
" An act (No. 363) to procure a bust, in marble,
of the late Chief Justice John Rutledge. Referred
to the Committee on the Library.
An act (No. 84) to establish a port of entry at
Fernandina, in the State of Florida. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 344) for the final adjudication of
questions of title to swamp lands between private
claimants and the State of Louisiana. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 237) to amend the act passed De-
cember 31, 1792, entitled " An act concerning the
registering and recording of ships and vessels."
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 36) making an appropriation for
the construction of a harbor at Marquette, on
Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 88) for completing the improve-
ment in the hitrbor of Manitowoc, "Wisconsin.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 54) making appropriations for
certain public works in the State of Maine.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 124) to increase the efficiency of
the United States Army. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 89) for continuing tho improve-
ment of the harbor of Ilaeine, Wisconsin." Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 90) for completing the improve-
ment of the harbor of ICcnosha, Wisconsin.
Referred to tho Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 31) for continuing' tho improve-
ment of the harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Referred to the Committee on "Commerce.
An act (No. 37) making an appropriation for
the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Kalamazoo river, in lhe State of Michigan.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce. ,
An act (No. 92) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I
Referred to the Committee on Commono. !
An act (No. 301) providing for the compulsory ]
pre-payment of postage on all transient printed i
matter.' Referred to the Committed on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
An act (No. 39) making an appropriation for
the construction of a harbor at the mouth of
Grand river, in the State of Michigan. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 368) to amend the act entitled " An
act to remodel the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of the United States," approved March 1,
1855. Referred to tho Committee on Foreign
\n\ i • ■ ■ ; contiluu*eg the improvement of'the "harbor of 1
An act (No. 40) making an appropriation for I; Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania Referred tn 1
the construction of Mharbor at the mouth of Black lj the Committee on Commerce !
Co«°fm^.fean- Refen'ed t0 the A" (N°- 148)- t0 improve menl!
^ummiuee on uommeice. ;! of the Tennessee river. Referred to thp fWi 1
An act (No. 4_) making an appropriation for '! mitt.ee on Commerce.
the construction of a harbor at the mouth of Clin- 'i An act (No IW to „,™M„ :
ton river, m the State of Michigan. Referred to , j ment of' ien avt^onWe Ohio Re" !
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 134) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Vermillion, Ohio. Re- 'i
ferred to (.lie Committee on Commerce. ■!
An act (No. 15,*]) to continue the improvement I
of the harbor of Michigan City. Referred to the '!
Committee on Commerce. I
An act (INo. 165) for continuing the improve- !
merit of the harbor of Chicago, Illinois. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
A resolution (No. 28) relative to the buildine
for a custom-house and post office at Toledo, ill 1
the State of Ohio. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
An act (No. 70) for continuing and completing •
An act (No. lfiVto continue the improvement
of the harbor of Huron, Ohio. Referred to the
Committee on Commercp.
An act (No. 17) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 18) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Sandusky city, Ohio. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 19) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 20) to continue the improvement
of the harbor at the mouth of Black river, Ohio.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 21) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Fairport, Ohio. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 22) for continningthe improvement i
of the harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard creek,
New York, on Lake Ontario. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 23) for continuing the improvement!
of the harbor of Buffalo, New York, on Lake '
Erie. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 24) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on
Lake Erie. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
An act (No. 25) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor ofSodus bay, Cayuga county,
New York, on Lake Ontario. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce,
An act (No. 26) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Sodus bay, Wayne county,
New York, on Lake Ontario. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 27) for completing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Oswego, New York, on
Lake Ontario. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
An act (No. 28) making an appropriation for
a steam-dredge on Lake Ontario. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 29) making an appropriation for
the continuation and completion of tho break-
water in the harbor of Burlington, on Lake
Champlain. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
An act (No. 53) to provide for continuing the
improvement of the Missouri river. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 69) for continuing the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Arkansas river.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 95) to continue the construction of
a harbor on the east side of Reedy Island. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. |
_ An act (No. 5]) to provide for continuing the
improvement of the Mississippi river. Referred '
to the Committee on Commerce. ;
An act (No. 66) for continuing certain public '
works in the State of Massachusetts. Referred i
to the Committee on Commerce. i
An act (No. il) to continue the improvement j
of the Rock river rapids, in the Upper Missis- j
sippi. Referred to the Committee on Commerce. I
An act (.N o. 96) for continuing the improve- i
ment of the harbor of Now Castle. Referred to :
the Committee on Commerce. i
An act (No. 116) making an appropriation for
continuing- ' 
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 43) making an appropriotion for f
completing the harbor of St. Joseph, in the State j
of Michigan. Referred to the Committee 011 1
Commerce. !
An act (No. 44) making appropriations for the
completion of the piers at the harbor of Monroe '
in the State of Michigan. Referred to the Cora-
mittee on Commerce.
An hcd (No. 10) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Newark, New Jersey. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 15) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Comieau t, Ohio. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
the improvement of lied river at the raft. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 127) for the construction of a
steam-dredge for Lake Michigan. Referred to
the Committee ox> Commerce.
An act (No. 164) to continue the improvement
of the Illinois river. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
An act (No. 173) for the improvement of the
harbor of Appalachicola, in the State of Florida.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 174) for the improvement of the
harbor of Charleston, South Carolina. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 179) to provide for the protection
of Cap© Cod harbor, Massachusetts. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 227) making further appropriation
for the improvement of the Cape Fear river,
North Carolina. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
An act (No. 248) providing for the survey of
Atchafalaya bay and approaches. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 249) providing for the survey of
the falls of Red river, at or near Alexandria.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 291) to provide for improving the
harbor of Georgetown, District of Columbia.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 323) making appropriation for the
improvement of the channel at Hell Gate, East
river, in the State of New York. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 336) for constructing a military
road from a point opposite El Paso, on the Rio
Grande, to Fort Yuma, at the mouth of the Gila
river, and for establishing military posts there-
upon. Referred to tho Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 403) to remove obstructions in the
Bayou la Fourche, Louisiana. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 411) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Mobile, Alabama, at Dog
river bar, Choctaw Pass, and to the Lower
Fleet. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 412) for continuing the improve-
ment of the Hudson river. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 424) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Providepce, Rhode Island.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 433) for continuing the improve-
ment of the inland passage between the St. John's
and St. Mary's rivers, Florida. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
A resolution (No. 36) for enlarging the custom-
house, post office, and court-house at Detroit,
Michigan. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A resolution (No. 38) respecting the distribu-
tion of certain public documents. Referred to
the Committee on the Library.
An act (No. 81) to provide for the payment of
certain claims of citizens of Georgia and Ala-
bama, on account of losses sustained by dcare-
dations of the Creek Indians. Referred to tho
Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 404) for the relief of the officers
and privates of the Clinton Guards, of.the county
of Macomb, in tho State of Michigan. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A resolution (No. 40) accepting the portrait of
John Hampden, presented to Congress by John
McGregor. Referred to the Committee 'on the
Library.
An act (No. 445) to create two additional land
districts m the State of California. Referred to
the Committee on Public Lands..
A resolution (No. 41) in relation to Indian
depredations in New Mexico. Referred to the
j Committee on Indian Affairs.
A resolution (No. 42) to provide for ascertain-
ing the relative value of the coinage of the United
States and Great Britain, and the fixing the rel-
ative value of the unitary coins of the two coun-
tries. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
An act (No. 402) to provide for holding the
courts of the United States, in the State of Cali-
fornia, in case of the sickness or other disability
of the judge of the district court. Referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act (No. 462) for fulfilling the stipulations
