THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
claims of the same sort. A great many members'
drives never receive the benefit of the mileage to
■which the members are entitled. -
I object to this bill, because it opens the door
to enormous demands upon the Treasury, -which
come backed by appeals to our charitable feelings
a,nd which no principle can restrain.
' Mr SNEED. I wish to place the legal ques-
tion in this case correctly before the committee.
Gentlemen are wrong in supposing this law to be
retrospective. It proposed to be retrospective m
no respect whatever. The act of 1848 applies
exclusively to the Delegate from Oregon, limiting
his mileage to #2,500. The first Delegate came
here to the Thirty-First Congress. During that
Congress, and before his term expired, this law
was
" That the sum of $160,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the payment of mileage and per diem
of Senators, members of the House of Representatives, and
Delegates in Congress, at the present session ; |2,3.M for
additional expenses of stationery for members of the House
of Representatives during the present session : Proviiei,
That the mileage of the Senators and Representatives from
the State ol California, and the Delegate from Oiegon, be
computed according to the most usual traveling route
within the limits of the United States; and the per diem
of said Senators and Representatives for the session shall
commence from the day on which the constitution of Cal
jfornia was first communicated to the two Houses of Con-
gress respectively."
It was passed during the services of the Dele-
gate from Oregon who was elected under the law
limiting his mileage to §2,500, just as the present
Delegate from Oregon was elected under the law
which I have just read, limiting his mileage to
the route most usually traveled within the United
States; and then by the act of 1850, during the
term of the service of the present Delegate from
Oregon, the limitation of mileage to the round
sum of $9,500 was repealed.
The committee held that these words in the act
of 1850, " within the limits of the United States,"
were inoperative and void. Such is the effect of
the report; whether corrcct or not the House
will determine. The committee held that these
words, being restrictive in their character, and
amounting to an impossibility, could not be
effective as an act of Congress; but that the act
giving mileage to the Delegate from Oregon by
the most usually traveled route was operative to
the extent of repealing the specific mileage under
the act of 1848; and as alegal question, the com-
mittee held that the Delegate from Oregon was
entitled to the same mileage; that, under the same
law, the Senators and Representatives from Cal-
ifornia, who served at the same time, came from j
the same coast, and traveled the same route, were '
you make them the sole and only exception. I
would not advocate a bad precedent, but I say
let them all stand upon the same footing, ana be
served alike. W^hen- Congress by a special taw
has destroyed the effect of a general law, and
afterwards attempts to restore the general law,
whv should one man be left the sole monument
of that special act of legislation, and especially
when that man is the most deserving and meri-
torious? However meritorious the present Del-
egate from Oregon may be for braving the penis
and hardships of the wilderness, his predecessor
is not less entitled to distinction. If there be any
merit in it, the merit is on the side of the de-
ceased Delegate, for he had severer hardships and
greater privations to endure. He comes before
us standing as the only object of that special
legislation — the only man upon the American
continent who was the subject of it; and will you
refuse to place the heirs of that man upon the
same footing on which you placed the present
Delegate, and every other nfember upon this floor
from the Pacific coast? I repeat, sir, that it is
not a bad precedent.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Penn
syl vania is laboring under the impression that the
Delegate was paid under the special law limiting
the mileage to §2,500. The law under which he
was paid was one which applied to all the Dele-
gates from the Pacific coast.
Mr. GROW. The law was passed for Oregon,,
and Oregon alone; and so it stood when Mr.
Thurston was elected. Congress afterwards ex-
tended it to California; but when the law was
repealed, the repeal took off all its operation upon
California, so that the only object of that special
law left was Mr. Thurston. You take the present
Delegate out of its operation, and leave Thurston,
who was elected under exactly the same law and
the same circumstances with the present Dele-
gate, as the only one standing under the oper-
ation of the special act.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken,
for the present Delegate was notelected under the
&me law which regulated the mileage of Mr.
Thurston. As I understand it, while Mr. Thuss-
ton was a Delegate, the law fixing the mileage at
§2,500 was modified by inserting in the law reg-
ulating the mileage of the delegates and members
from the Pacific coast, that their mileage should
be computed by a route traveled.within the limits
of the United States. Then Mr. Thurston was
paid under the law which gave him mileage upon
the general principles applicable to all members
who are paid mileage for travel within the limits
of the United States.
Un der that law the present Delegate was elected;
butsubseauent to his election that restriction was i
held to be entitled to it,
Tlio effect of this bill, then, simply is to con- ,j taken off, and he is allowed to compute his mile-
strue this law for the benefit of the widow and
minor children of the Delegate, Mr. Thurston,
aa it was construed for the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from California; and the committee
further held the legal principle that the repealing
act of 1852, which was supposed to operate upon j
the present Delegate from Oregon, was mopera- i
five itself, because the act of 185!) had performed j
the whole office of repealing the act of 1848.
But the committee go further, and state—and
in that statement 1 certainly concur—that, waiv- ■
ing the question of technical law, this Delegate j
ought to be entitled to the same compensation
which was allowed to the Senators and members !
from California at the same session of Congress; 1
and as equality could not be effected in any other ;
way than by advancing the pay, they recom- j
mended such advancement. I
Mr. GROW. I have no disposition to prolong j
this debate, yet I desire to say a word or two in ]
justification of myself against the charge of cs- j
tablishinga bad precedent. I appeal to no man's ;
sympathies ill legislating upon any subject; and
age by a route without the United States.
I Mr. LANE. I concede, with a great deal of
j pleasure, all that my friend from Pennsylvania
I has said about Mr. Thurston; but I wish to
notice the position taken by my friend from Ohio.
He says that if you set a precedent like this, the
widow and the orphan children of every member
of Congress will come here to ask for an increase
of compensation. Now, there is no case in the
United States like this. It is a single and isolated
case, and the only instance of a man being refused
the ordinary mileage for travel from the place of
his residence to the city of Washington. The
question relates only to his mileage, and does not
extend to his per diem. He is, in right and
equity, and upon every principle of justice, en-
titled to the amount of mileage now fixed bylaw,
and allowed to the present Delegate. I will say
to my friend, that it is no more retrospective in
its action than is the law giving increased com-
pensation to the members of the present Con-
gress. The gentleman from Ohio, I presume,
has received his compensation under that law
this case is not, as supposed by'the gentleman j! from the 4th of March.
fiom Ohio, establishing a bad precedent. It is Jj Bat, sir, I presume everything has been said
a ease^ made by special act, taking it out of the |j in respect to this claim which can be said. I
operation of the general law. If Congress had '! believe it is founded in equity and justice, and I
passed no special act limiting the mileage of the ! hope that the bill will, without further discussion,
iJslegate from Oregon, lie would have drawn his !| be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
pay under the general Jaw; but Congress changed j| the recommendation that it do pass. I make that
the mileage fixed by the gentrai lav/, and then !! motion.
they changed back to the general law, leaving one ; The motion was a.or«Pr] tn
man standing solitary and alone under the special i. * °
act. Is that just and fair? I might well appeal . MRS. A. W. ANGUS,
to youinbehalf of the widowand children,when The next bill on the Calendar was the bill of
the House (No. 278) for the relief of Mrs. A.
W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to allow and pay to Anne W. Angus, widow
of Captain Samuel Angus, of the United States
Navy, deceased, the amount of pay which he
would have received if he had remained in the
Navy from June 21, 1824, to May 29, 1840, de-
ducting the amount of pension which he received
in that period.
The report states that Mrs. Angus is the widow
of Captain Samuel Angus, late of the United
States Navy. He entered the service at the age
of fifteen years, in the year 1799. He became a
lieutenant in 1807, a commander m 1813, and a
captain in 1816. During his connection with the
service, he served with distinguished bravery,
and his name and deeds have received honorable
mention in eur naval history. During an en-
gagement he received a blow on the head from
the butt of a musket—a good evidence of the
desperate character of the engagement—by which
wound he was subjected to temporary fits _ of
insanity; and the testimony of his attending
physicians has been adduced to prove that it
ultimately accelerated his death. VThile suffer-
ing under one of these unfortunate aberrations of
mind, he addressed a rude and insulting letter
to the Secretary of the Navy, for which he was
summarily dismissed the service by President
Monroe, in 1824, towards the close of his admin-
istration. A certified copy of a letter on file in
the Pension Office, written by Mr. Monroe,
shows that he subsequently became aware of the
afHicti6n under which Captain Angus at times
suffered; and, feeling the injustice which had
been done him, recommended his restoration to
the service, saying, " I am satisfied that it com-
ports with justice, as well as humanity, to rein-
state him." He was not, however, reinstated,
but was allowed a half-pay pension during the
remainder of his life. In consequence of his
dying out of service, his widow was deprived of
her right to a pension for life or widowhood,
under the existing laws, and was obliged to apply
to Congress for the passage of a special act,
which she did, but was not successful until nearly
nine years after his death. On the 19th of Jan-
uary, 1849, an act was approved granting her a
pension for five years from the then ensuing 4th
of March. This act expired on the 4th of March,
1854, and was renewed for a further period of
five years, by an act approved January 12,1855.
It also appears that, had Captain Angus been
tried by a court-martial upon the letter which oc-
casioned his dismissal, his irresponsibility would
have been proved, and he acquitted. He might
have remained m the service, and would have duly
received the amount now claimed by his widow.
In addition to his pay, he could have received,
under the eighth section of the act of April 23,
1800, an invalid pension, in consequence of the
wounds received by him in the line of his duty.
It also appears that, in consequence of his re-
moval, his widow has lost the pension she would
otherwise have enjoyed during the interval be-
tween the time of his death in 1840, and the pas-
sage of the first act for her relief in 1849—a period
of nearly nine years.
Mr. PHELPS. I know it is an ungracious task
to oppose upon this floor bills for the relief of
j widows, but my duty requires me to oppose this
bill, for I think it is introducing a precedent
which ought not to receive the sanction of Con-
gress. I will briefly state the facts upon which
the claim is predicated.
It appears that in 1824, Captain Angus was dis-
missed from the Navy m consequence of insolence
towards the Secretary of the Navy, and was not
reinstated during his life; he died m 1840. It ap-
!j pears that his widow, although he did not die in
; the service of his country, came here, and by her
i importunities succeeded in obtaining a five years'
half-pay pension, commencing in 1849, which pen-
: sion has since been extended.
j It is now proposed to grant to this lady the
; half pay of ner husband, from the time of his
dismissal in 1624 till the time of his death, which
! was in 1840. The sum of money thus proposed
la be appropriated, I understand is about §40,000,
1 deducting the Amount of her pension, which is,
: perhaps, $4,000, malting the sum total which she
i is to receive under this bill about $35,000. Now,
