1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
160
death of David Porter; provided such half pay
shall cease upon the death or intermarriage of
Evelina Porter.
The report states that Commodore Porter, then
a lieutenant in the naval service of the United
States, while in the discharge of his duties in an
action with several brigand barges in the West In-
dies, in 1800, received a wound in his left shoulder,
and in an engagement off old Tripoli, in 1803,
received a slight wound in his right thigh, and a
ball through the left, which, with the effects of a
violent attack of yellow fever, contracted while in
command of the United States squadron for the
suppression of piracy in the West India seas in
1823, brought on him diseases which caused his
death; that Commodore Porter died at Constanti-
nople in 1843, in the diplomatic service of the
United States; that he was married to the memo-
rialist, Evelina, in 1808; and that she still survives
him; that the act of Congress granting Navy
pensions to widows only provides for, and is
construed by the Department only to embrace,
widows whose husbands die in the naval service
of diseasgs contracted or injuries received by them
while in the line of their duty. Commodore
Porter, therefore, not having died in the service
of the country, his widow is not entitled to the
benefit of the act, although the disease which
caused his death was contracted in the line of his
duty in that service.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
FISHING SCHOONER FLORILLA.
The next bill on the Calendar was a bill (H.
R. No. 298) for the relief of the owner and crew
of the fishing schooner Florilla.
The bill provides that the collector of the dis-
trict of Barnstable, in the State of Massachusetts,
be authorized to pay to the owner and crew of
the schooner Florilla, to be distributed according
to law, the sum of money that the vessel would
have been entitled to receive, as a bounty or
drawback, if she had, on her last voyage in 1840,
in which she was lost, complied with all the
requirements of law necessary to secure such
bounty; the vessel being of the burden of forty
tons and fifty-three ninety-fifths, and having last
sailed from the port of Wellfleet on a fishing
voyage in June, 1840.
Prom the report of the committee, which was
read, it appears that the petitioner represents that
in the year 1840 he was master and managing
owner of the said schooner Florilla, and that
on the 1st day of March, in the said year, he
fitted her out for a fishing voyage, and sailed on
the fourth of said month, with alhthe necessary
documents; that the voyage was pursued until
the 15th day of the following April, when the
said vessel returned and landed her fish, refitted,
and sailed again, on the 18th day of April, for
the Western bank, where she remained until all
her salt was consumed on fish; that when on her
homeward-bound passage, oil the 3d of June, she
was cast away on the back of Cape Cod—the
vessel and cargo of fish becoming a total loss.
The averments in the petition are substantiated by
the original" fisherman's shipping paper," copies
of the enrollment and license of the schooner, and
by proof of her loss. It appears that she had
been actually employed in fishing two months
and twenty-six days, and was returning with a
full load of fish when she was wrecked.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me.
that there is neither justice nor equity in this
case. There is certainly no legal claim on the
Government. The law provides, as I understand,
that ships engaged in this fishing business shall
have drawback and bounty under certain circum-
stances. This schooner has failed to comply
with those circumstances by reason of her loss;
and, while there is no law to pay her drawback
and bounty, the claimants come here and ask for
a special law to cover their case. This belongs
to that class of cases which I think are not' en-
titled to relief from this Government.
I am opposed to all these bounties and draw-
backs; and on that ground, if upon no other, I
shall vote against the pending bill.
Mr. HALL,ofMassacliusetts. Mr. Chairman,
the case under consideration, instead of being one
Without just claim on the Government, is of that
very class of cases which demand the very kind
of legislation now asked for. The mere abstract
opinion of a member on the question of draw-
backs and 'bounties is not, it seems to me, rele-
vant to this bill. It is the established policy of
the Government to grant drawbacks and boun-
ties to vessels engaged in this most important
branch of industry. There is an implied contract
between the Government and these vessels, that
where they comply with all the requirements of
the law they shall receive the bounty promised
by the Government; and certain emergencies and
contingencies not provided for by the original law
are taken care of by a supplemental law. But
neither of these laws covers this case, because
against the act of Providence the best endeavors
of these hardy and industrious seamen are futile
and nugatory.
It seems that the schooner Florilla made one
voyage, having gone through all of the requisite
forms, and procured the required amount of salt,
and returned to land her fish. As the season was
sufficiently long she started out on another voy-
age. On her homeward trip she was lost; and
with lfer loss her owner and crew lost the entire
fruits of their summer's toil—not only the results
of their first voyage, but the results of both voy-
ages.
Such are the facts. There is no provision of
law to meet such a case as this; but when these
clajmantshave done everything within theirpower
to comply with every requirement of law, and
having acted throughout in good faith, I think
that the justice and strong equity of the claim
must be apparent to all. It is just, because there
is no general law to cover their case, that they
come here now, and ask this relief by special law
to cover their losses in consequence of an act of
Providence. And there is peculiar reason for
interposition in their behalf. This claim has
been before Congress for years, and reported on
favorably by committees which have examined
it thoroughly.
The reason for the delay of action on the bill
to this late day is not at all complimentary to the
manner in which business is transacted by Con-
gress. The Private Calendar in this House is
but too often the sepulcher of injuries and claims
which ought to be passed on by Congress. Be-
cause our attention has been engrossed by matters
of general concernment, we have not been able to
attend to the private business of our constituents.
They have had their rights sacrificed year after
year; and when they come to ask the justice
which they deserve, they are met with a rehearsal
of their past injuries as reason why we should
continue to pursue a course so derogatory to our-
selves, and so contrary to the honor and dignity
of the Government. These men have faithfully
fulfilled all the duties incumbent upon them under
the law, and they have done so in the faith that
the Government would fulfill its obligations
towards them.
Now, sir, whatever may be the opinion of
gentlemen in regard to this bounty matter, it is,
nevertheless, the policy of the Government up
to this day; and all those men who are engaged
in this branch of industry are now going upon
the wide waters, and undergoing all the privations
and hardships incident to that branch of business,
for the veiy reason that they aie thus encouraged
by the Government to do it.
This is not the time, or the place, to enter into
a discussion of the propriety of tins bounty law;
but these facts stand out in bold relief, that in
this very fishing business is the hope of the
naval service of the country; that our commerce
is interested in it as the school m which young
seamen are trained, from whom, in time of war,
we are able to muster men to go and bear our
flag so bravely and gloriously over the seas. I
live in a district populated by this class of men;
and I know the history of all these proceedings.
I know that young boys first commence work in
life by going upon one of these fishing vessels.
This is the business of a large proportion of my
constituents, the foundation of the wealth around
Cape Cod, and all its influences are in every
respect beneficial to the Government.
But, beside all this, this specific case has strong
claims upon our attention, and is almost identical
with the next case on the Calendar. This case is
no novelty. Bills of this character are passed
every session. Cases are constantly occurring
where these men are disappointed by circum-
stances beyond their control, and the Government
has always stepped in, as in honor and justice
she has pledged herself to do, to their relief,
instead of adding to their misfortune by refusing
to them the poor boon promised to them.
I put this case upon no ground of sympathy,
but upon the ground of right; because there was
a contract between these men and the Govern-
ment, that if they went into the service, and
served a stipulated time, they should receive this
bounty; and I hope it is not in this House to
refuse so just and equitable a claim.
Mr. McMULLliS. I am inclined to think
that when this law of Congress granting fishing
bounties was passed, it may have been right; but
I agree with the gentleman from Tennessee that
now the policy is radically wrong. But the
gentleman from Massachusetts has shown to the
committee that this party failed to comply with
the general law; and if this is to pass under such
circumstances, I would advise the gentleman to
introduce a general bill, to include all similar
cases. I would not make this case alone an ex-
ception to the general law. I am opposed to this
partial legislation. The principle is radically
wrong in itself; but if it is to be established, estab-
lish it by general law, and not consume the time
of Congress by legislation upon special cases
made up as this case is, and as most such cases
are, hy ex parte testimony. I think the bill ought
not to pass. You might as well tell me that those
engaged in the pursuit of agriculture, and who
by misfortune and the prevalence of storms fail
to make crops, ought to have the benefit of a
general or a special law to compensate them for
such misfortunes. It seems the gentleman's con-
stituents are mostly engaged in fishing. Now
they have selected that business in preference to
all other occupations; and they should take the
chances of success. I believe the bill is wrong,
and f move that it. be laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
it has been the policy of the Government to foster
these fisheries, ana in accordance with that
policy large bounties have been paid from the
Treasury for a long series of years. I do not
propose to say a word in reference to that policy.
It has been embraced in a general bill, and to
that extent the policy has been adopted by the
careful consideration, I suppose, of the Congress
of the United States. *
But gentlemen cannot fail to be aware that that
policy does not embrace this case; and it is be-
cause it does not that the claimant makes his
special application here. If his case were within
the settled policy of the Government in reference
to these bounties he would have no occasion to
come here; and he comes only because the policy
of the Government does not comprehend the case
which he presents. I beg the committee to
understand that we are not considering the pol-
icy of the Government in sustaining these fish-
eries by bounties, but that we are called upon,
by passing this special bill, to enlarge that policy
and to go beyond that which has received the
sanction of the Government for so many years.
This case is without the policy of the 'Govern-
ment, and the questioifis whether this committee
will undertake to enlarge it. Surely in this in-
formal manner we ought not to change a policy
which has been the occasion of so much excep-
tion for a half century.
I say. then, it does not become the gentleman
from Massachusetts to demand the passage of
tins bill as an act of justice from the House. If
the case were within the policy to which he has
referred, and which has been the established
policy for half a century, he might demand it as
an act of justice. But it can only be asked for
as a matter of grace; and the strong terms in
which the gentleman asks the passage of this bill
are not warranted by the character of this appli-
cation.
I do not propose to dwell upon this subject, but
it does seem to me that in the very facts of the
i case there can be found no reason why this bill
I should be passed by this committee. I think it
, clear that this is not a case in which^ the party
has a right to come here and demand justice—in
other words, to enlarge the policy of the Govem-
' ment in reference to this subject.
