ra
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
sion, , law requires a certificate to be given by a
pbvsician that the wounds received by the appli-
cant for a pension were received in the perform-
ance of his dutv; but we often depart from the
strict letter of the law in granting pensions in
individual cases. .
"Without discussing the principles involved in
this question of bounty, these seamen entered the
service of the United States upon a pledge that
they should receive a certain bounty if they ful-
filled the term required bylaw. The intervention
of Providence prevented them from doing that,
and hence this analogy between cases under the
law granting pensions and this case. That is one
reason; and I now come to the other. These men,
intended to fulfill their term, but an act of Prov-
idence prevented them. The period was accom-
plished within one m,onth and four days; and the
probability is, that if this vessel had gotten into
port, she would have sailed again, and returned
with another cargo of fish. The only question
would have been, was there time enough? -Then
so far as the disposition was concerned—so far
as making their voyage a nursery for seamen
was concerned, they aid fulfill all their duty.
Another consideration: the probability is that
these persons entered this service at a less per
diem, or less per month pay, than they would
have done but for this offered bounty from the
Government.
Tiie question now is, should the Government
deprive those people of the amount of pay coming
t(Tthem, and particularly, as gentlemen upon the
other side say, when these men are poor? I was
about to say that most fishermen are poor. Fish-
ermen at the time of the advent of our Savior
were poor; and He took up poor fishermen and
sent them forth to preach the Gospel to every
creature. I have a sympathy with fishermen;
and I believe that the intention of the law would
have been complied with in this case, except by
the intervention of Providence, and therefore I
shall vote for the bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I have 110 disposition
to argue this matter, and I rise for the purpose of
appealing to the committee to come to some action
upon it. It is true, as remarked by a friend, that
by piecemeal we have got at the whole law upon
the subject—first the actof 1813, and then the law
of 1824, which was adopted for the purpose of
covciing a certain class of cases where vessels
were wrecked in returning to some of the ports
of the United States.
But it is said that this case really comes within
the rule prescribed by Congress, and therefore
that relief ought to be granted. I do not desire
to announce any opinion in regard to that; but I
dpfy any gentleman to look into the acts of Con-
gress for the purpose of establishing any one
single principle. The result of such investiga-
tion would be to ascertain that those acts are a
bundle of inconsistencies; and if an individual
were to collect them for the purpose of seeing
what claims would be recognized, he would find
himself in deep water. My opinion is, that the
passage of these acts depend upon the particular
temper of the House at the time they are brought
forward.
As I said before, I do not desire to discuss the
merits of the question, but simply to appeal to the
committee to take action without further delay.
Mr. KEITT. I shall vote against this claim,
and mainly upon the disclosures made during the
progress of this discussion. I agree with my
friend from Arkansas when he says it is difficult j
to el mmate from our legislation any settled prin- j
ciples; but, sir, there is a policy running through
all legislation which is regarded as settling the
character of legislation upon a particular subject
thus defined. Opposed as I am to granting
bountiss as a species of protection, yet I would
not make any act 1 should do expotifacto orretro-
, active 111 its operation. If, then, a case presented
here were really within the category prescribed
by Congress, I would readily vote for it; but op-
posed as I am to all such legislation, whenever a
' particular case does not come within the purview
of our legislation—whenever, upon such particu-
lar case, special legislation is asked for, I am op-
posed to it, and particularly if the legislation is
tof confer something ex gratia.
• "A word to my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. j
Florence.] I confess I could not feel the perti- |
nancy of ht« argument; and it strikes me that1
there would have been as much relevancy if he
had advocated a bill to grant a bounty to the heirs
of the apostle fishermen.
Prom the disclosures made I arrive at the facts.
One is, that this case does not come within the
category of cases provided for by legislation;and
the other is, that these persons are poor, and
therefore you should confer this bounty upon
them. We have been told that they did not com-
ply with the terms of the statute, for the simple
reason that Providence prevented them* from so
doing.
Now, sir, let us see what this leads to. The
Government, then, is asked to insure against the
elements. The Government is asked to be an
insurance office against Almighty God. Sir, this
Government did protect against seizures—did
protect against enemies; but when, or in what
particular case, has the Government protected
against the operations of nature, or against ele-
mental strife ? If we are now to grant a bounty
in a case which does not come within the cate-
gory ^>f cases within the statute, merely because
the operation of Heaven prevented them from
coming within the purview of the statute, I ask
in what instance, and when you will be able to
guard against any application made here for
relief?
Now for the other view of the case. It is said
these men are poor. When, I ask, has Congress
become a charity shop ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. If the gentleman
will allow me, I think I can refer him to a simi-
lar case. Where paymasters or other officers of
the Government have had Government funds in
charge, which have been lost by an act of God,
or have been stolen, the Government lias always
released them from responsibility in reference to
the matter. There is abundant proof upon your
statutes that, in just such cases as this, relief
has been given by special legislation. It does not
fall within the province of general legislation, but
there are abundant precedents for such special
legislation.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will refer him to a case right in point.
When the ship San Francisco was wrecked only
a year ago, I find that by special legislation relief
was granted, and pensions provided for those
wrecked.
Mr. KEITT. I have merely made these re-
marks by way of suggestion. I confess that I
am not very familiar with these cases. The case
presented by my friend from Maine may be one
m point; but I would suggest that, when he speaks
of money lost by stealing as the act of God, such
acts have generally been regarded as instigated
by another power. I will not trouble the com-
mittee by any further remarks on the subject.
The question being upon laying aside the bill
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, upon a division there were—■
ayes 86, noes 17.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Greenwood were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 87, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. MATTESON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs McMullin
and Miller, of New York, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 65. ]
The motion was agreed to. , j
So the Committee rose; and the Speaker having i
resumed the chair, Mr. Edie reported that the I
Committee of the Whole House had, according 1
to order, had the Private Calendar generally under i
consideration,,and particularly a bill (H. R. No. '
278) for the relief of Mrs. A. W. Angus, widow ;
of the late Captain Samuel Angus, United States !
Navy; a bill (H. R. No. 283,) for the relief of i
Evelina Porter, widow of the late Commodore
Porter, o( the United States Navy; and a bill
(H. R. No. 298,) for the relief of the owner and
crew of the fishing schooner Florilla; which bills
he was directed to report ba<?k to the House, with
the recommendation that they do pass.
The SPEAKER stated that, unless objection
was made, the vote would be taken on ail the
bill« together
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected, and asked
for a separate vote on each.
The question was stated to be first on the bill
(H. R. No. 278) for the relief of Mrs. A. W.
Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel Angus,
United States Navy.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. PHELPS. , I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and on that motion call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BENSON. I call for the yeas and nays.
. The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division—ayes 59, noes 89.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
76, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock,
Brooks, Burnett, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Bayard
Clarke, Ciingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Crawford,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dowdell, Edmimdson,
Elliott, Evans, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett,
Goode, Greenwood, Grow, J. Morrison Harris, Haven,
Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Lake, Leiter, Letcher,
Alexander K. Maishall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
MeCarty, McMulhn, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrill, Mor-
rison, Nichols, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter,
Puryear. Quitman, Heady, Rieaud, Ruffin, Sandidge, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith. Stanton,
Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Underwood, Valk, Wal-
dron, Walker, Warner, Whitney, Winslovv, Daniel B.
Wright, John V. Wright, and ZolJieofier—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covodc, Cragtn, Cum-
hack, Dean, De Witt, Dodd,Durfee, Edie. Emrie, Etheridge,
Eustis, Florence, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger, Robest B,
Hall, Harlan, Herbert, Hodges, Holloway, Howard, Kelly,
Kclsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkei, Mace,
Matteson, Killian Miller, Morgan, Mott, Murray, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pike, Pinigle, Purviance,Ritchie, Robbms, Robert?, Sabm,
Saite, Sapp, Seott, Sherman; Simmons, Sneed. Spinner,
Stranahan,Tappan,Thortngton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells, Williams,
Woodiuif, and Woodwortil—88.
So the bill Was not laid upon the table.
Mr. TALBOTT, (at ten minutes to three
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to offer the
following amendment: **
Provided, That the amount to be paid under this law
shall not exceed §9,600.
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot be
received, the previous question being called.
Mr, PIKE. I trust there will be no objection
to the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to it. If the bill
ought to pass, it ought to pass for the entire
amount.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope the call for the
! previous question will be withdrawn, so that the
j amendment may be offered.
Mr. PHELPS. The principle is wrong any
way.
t The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
j [Mr. Giddings] who called for the previous ques-
' tion, is not in his seat.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
on seconding the call for the previous question.
; Tellers were not ordered.
f The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now submit the amend-
| ment which has been already reported. As the
I bill now stands, it appropriates some §20,000.
; Mr. W1NSLOW. I move that the House do
1 now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division—ayes 22, noes 97.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
biil upon the table.
The motion was not agreed fo.
