1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
its
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
engrossed ? I ask for the reading of the engrossed
bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been en-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object to
its being read a third time.
EVELINA PORTER.
The next bill reported from the Committee of
the Whole, with a recommendation that it do
pass, being a bill (H. R. No. 263) for the relief
of Evelina Porter, widow of the late Commodore
David Porter, of the United States Navy, was
then reported to the House.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Mr. McMULLlN. Has the bill been en-
TheSPEAXCER. It has.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then read the
engrossed bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Has it been sent to the
President for his signature. [Laughter.]
[Cries of " Read the bill!"]
Mr. LETCHER. While the messenger is
looking for the engrossed bill, I will move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—38
in the affirmative and 85 in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not within the
keeping of the Chair, and is not here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then let us have
the next bill.
THE FLORILLA.
The next bill reported from the Committee of
the Whole House, with a recommendation that
it do pass, being a bill (H. R. No. 298) for the
relief of the owner and crew of the fishing
schooner Florilla, was then reported to the House.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I demand the
previous question upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Read the engrossed
bill. Has it been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
The bill was then read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken upon the passage of
the bill; and it was decided m the affirmative—
yeas 93, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barboui, Benson, Bil-
linghurst, Bowie, Bradsjiaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton,
Builmgame, James II. Campbell, Levvirf D. Campbell, Ca-
ruthers, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, dawson, Col lax, Coinms,
Covode, Ciagm, Cumback,Davidson, Timothy Davi<_. Dean,
De Witt, Dodd, Duifee, Edie, Etheridge, Flaglei. Floieuce,
Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Robert
B. Hall, J. Moirison Harris, Herbert, Hodaes, Holloway,
Thomas ft. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Kelly,
KeUey, Knapp, Kmght, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Morgan, Morull,
Morrison, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce,
Pel ton, Perry, Pike, Piiugle, Purviance, Kicaud, Ritchie,
Robbing, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Sneed, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoriugton, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndae, Israel Wash bum, Welch,
Wuilb,Whitney, Williams, Woodruff, and Woodworth—93.
NAVS— Messrs Barksdaie.HendleyS. Bennett, Cocock,
Boyco, Brooks, Burnett, Ca&kie, Chngfnan, Williamson R.
W? Cobb, Day, EdumtKhon, Elliott, Emrie, Eustis, Evans,
Garnett, Goodc. Grow. Harlan, Haven, Hoffman, Houston,
George W. Jone„-, J. Clancy Jones, Iveitt, Lake, Lener,
Letcher, Humphioy Mai^hall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, Mc.Vfuliin, Smith Miller. Mdlcon, Mott, Niehols>, Orr,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Pennington, Puiyear, Quitman,
Ready, Ruffin, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Talbott,
Tavlor. Thur&ton,-Underwood, Waldron, Window, Darnel
B. Wright, John V. Wlight, and Zollicofter—57.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tabic; which latter motion was
agreed to.
MRS. ANGUS AGAIN.
Mr. PIKE. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill of the House, No. 278, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDIE. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes past three o'clock) the House
adjourned to Monday next at twelve o'clock,m.
IK SENATE.
Monday, December 22, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Hon. RobertToombs, of Georgia, appeared in
his seat to-day.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of the heirs of
Thomas Hazard, an officer in the revolutionary
army, praying for the reimbursement of money
expended by him in raising and equipping a com-
pany of men to serve in that war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FISH. I also present the petition of Ed-
ward N. Kent, who has invented a very useful
apparatus for the separation of gold which is used
at the assay office in New York, and also at the
Mint, by which a great saving beyond any pro-
cess heretofore discovered is shown to the Gov-
ernment. The facts stated in the memorial are
sustained by the certificates of the various officers
of the Mint and the assay office. The apparatus
can only be used by the Government. It has
already effected a saving during the few months
it has been in operation of upwards of six thou-
sand dollars to the Government. He proposes to
transfer to the Government the perpetual use of
the apparatus, and asks for equivalent compen-
sation. I move its reference to the Committee
on Finance.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Thomas
Henderson, praying for the confirmation of his
title to a tract of land in the State of Michigan;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of George
Phelps, a messenger in the office of the (Quarter-
master General, praying to be allowed compen-
sation for the time he was employed after service
hours; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Essex county, Massachusetts, praying
that bounty land may be granted to all officers
and soldiers of the war of 1812, whether regu-
larly mustered into the service or not, and to the
widows and children of those deceased; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of William
Durell, praying for compensation for fitting up
the legislative hall, at Detroit, Michigan, for the
use of the Territorial Legislature, by direction
of the Governor of the Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BIGLER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of the city and county of Philadelphia, pray-
ing that Woodworth's patent for a planing ma-
chine may not be renewed; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of John Perry, for himself and the other surviv-
ing heirs of Margaret Perry, widow of John
Perry, a revolutionary soldier, praying to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr RUSK presented the petition of Thomas
W. Ward,late United States Consul at Panama,
praying for compensation for services and reim-
bursement of his expenses in procuring testi-
mony in reference to the outrages commuted on
American citizens in the riot at Panama, in April
last; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of the City Council of the city of Burlington,
Iowa, praying for art appropriation for the con-
struction of a building for the accommodation of
the post office, custom house, and United States
courts, at that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jer-
sey, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
R. Claxton, widow  f Alexander CJnsaton, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
A. S. Wright, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That leave be. granted to withdraw the memo-
rial and papers of Charles Gratiot.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
482) to authorize thePresidentoftheUnitedStates
to cause to be procured, by purchase or otherwise,
a suitable steamer to be stationed at the port of
Philadelphia as a revenue cutter, for the purpose
of affording relief to distressed vessels, their pas-
sengers and crews; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills:
H. R. No. 225. An act for the relief of Joseph
Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania.
H. R. No. 254. An act for the relief of the
heirs of Samuel R. xhurston, late Delegate from
Oregon.
H.R.No.29S. An act for the relief of the owner
and crew of the fishing schooner Florilla.
STEAM REVENUE CUTTERS.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 251) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to cause to be procured,
by purchase or otherwise, a suitable steamer to
be stationed at the port of New York as a revenue
cutter, and for the purpose of cillbiding relief to
distressed vessels, their passengers and crews.
The bill proposes to appropriate $150,000 for the
purpose indicated in its tide.
Mr. SEWARD. This bill has passed the
House of Representatives, and it will be satisfac-
tory to the President and Secretary of the Treas-
ury with an amendment which I propose to make,
by striking out the words " and for the purpose
of affording relief to distressed vessels, their pas-
sengers and crews."
Mr. FISH, i would ask my colleague what
is the reason for striking out those words? The
duty of affording relief to distressed vessels, their
passengers and crews, during the inclement season
of the year, is part of the duties which I under-
stand have always been performed bv the revenue
service, under the directions of the Department.
Mr. SEWARD. I will inform my colleague
that it is not for the purpose of preventing this
vessel fiom being employrd in that way, but to
place Hon the same footing witti the other revenue
cutters which now are so emnloyed. It reserves
the matter to the direction and control of the rev-
enue department, instead of rendering it doubtful
whether the Treasury Department has control
over it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator from New
York whether there is any recommendation for
this biii from the Department?
Mr. SEWARD. The bill was submitted to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and with this
amendment he agreed that it should be passed. It
has passed the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is no reason why it
should pass here. We ought to consider it, of
course. 1 suppose we should have some intima-
tion from the proper Department that our present
revenue cutters are incompetent for the purpose
of defending the revenue, before undertaking to
increase the number. Why make a class of
steam-cutters for New York: The same reason
(but not to the same extent, I admit, as there is a
great commerce there) vvouid require you to have
such a sieameratevery portot the United States,
the cost of which will be ten times the present
