1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ton, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman,
Waldrou, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washbume, Elhhu. B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Winslow, and Woodruff—130.
NAYS— Messrs. Akers, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bliss, Bocowk, Branch, Brenton, Brooks, Burnett,
CariUe, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Day, Dean,
Emrie, English, Goode, Giow, Hcrbeit, Houston, George
W Jones, Kidwell, Knapp, Knight. Knowlton, Leiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Mott, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packcr, Peck, Perry, Powell, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidgo,
Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Thurston, Todd, Wade,
Watkms, Watson, Wells, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright—62.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Pending the above call,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, said: Mr. Speaker,
1 was opposed to the original resolution which
conferred the title of lieutenant general, though
a friend of General Scott. Not having an oppor-
tunity to put my name on the record on that
-occasion, 1 do it now. I am against the whole
thing.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, from the
interrogatories which have been propounded to
me by various gentlemen it is proper, perhaps,
that there should be a word of explanation of the
object and effect of the resolution. ^
It will be recollected that some two year^ago
' Congress passed a joint resolution conferring
upon General Scott the title of lieutenant gen-
eral by brevet. It was then sent to the Attorney
General to decide whether, as the appointment
went back to the capture of Vera Cruz, the pay
also went back to the same period. On exam-
ination of the whole matter the Attorney General
decided that the pay did run back to that period.
The matter then went before the Secretary of
War for his decision. He held that a certain
sum was payable to General Scott, and that sum
was accordingly paid to him. There was, how-
ever, a difference of opinion between General
Scott, or rather General Scott's friends, and the
Secretary of War with regard to the amount the
General was entitled to under the joint resolution
referred to.
My resolution is to place a construction upon
the former resolution of Congress; and I beg leave
to "say, that I took it upon myself, not long since,
to have a conversation with the Secretary of War,
in order that I might understand from him the
precise ground of difference; and I take pleasuw
in saying, that I have not brought this resolution
forward with any disposition to quarrel with the
decision placed on the resolution of February 15,
2.855, by that officer of the Gove#nmbnt. On the
contrary, I am disposed to commend his conduct,
and that of every officer of the Government who
exercises caution in paying out money from the
Treasury of the United States. Inasmuch as,
under the Constitution and existing laws, they
are not authorized to pay out any money except
that appropriated by law, of course in case of
doubt they cannot pay it. I do not, therefore,
undertake to question the correctness of the
decision of the Secretary of War upon the former
resolution. I believe, however, it is quite prob-
able that, if he were a member of this House or
of the Senate—of which body he will be a mem-
ber after the 4th of March next—he would act
differently. Members of Congress have the right
to pass laws, and, legislatively, to put construc-
tions on them; but executive officers have no such
right.
It will be seen that by this law, so far as emol-
uments are concerned, General Scott will stand
upon precisely the same footing as the lieutenant
general created under the law of 1798 would
stand upon. In other words, my object is to
put him on the most favorable footing that any
officer could stand upon under former laws.
There will be, I think, no indisposition on the
part of members to do this. I know that Gen-
eral Scott has performed such important service
for the country, that a large portion of our con-
stituents would be gratified to see a direct dona-
tion in money made to him. I confess, if it were
not for the precedent, that I would have no objec-
tion to pursuing that course. I have no doubt,
if he were a citizen or subject of any European
Government, that a large donation in money
would be made to him as a compliment. I do
not, however, propose to put this resolution
upon that ground, for the question would then
arise whether we ought not to go on and do the
same to other officers.
I beg to remind the House that there are many
instances where donations of this kind have been
made. For example: after Congress had appro-
priated $255,000 to be distributed as prize-money
to Commodore Perry and the officers and men
who captured the British fleet on Lake Erie, we
find that, by a bill passed in 1814, there was a
frant to Commodore Perry of $5,000 additional.
'here are several cases of a similar character. I
might remind the House that it is not, perhaps,
two years—indeed, I believe it was at the last
session of Congress, that an appropriation of
$20,000 was made for the benefit of Commodore
Perry, Jr., for his share in the Japan expedition.
I might cite many like precedents, but I am averse
to making them. Therefore I hope the resolu-
tion will be adopted. It will answer the same
purpose of giving General Scott an increase of
pay, and at the same time will be in accordance
with the usage and practice of the Government.
Mr. CARLILE. What was the sum received
by General Scott under the resolution creating
him lieutenant general, and what is the sum he
will receive if this resolution be passed?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I intended to have made
a statement which would have prevented the
necessity for the gentleman's question. Under
the resolution passed two years ago, he received,
I think, some ^iO.UOO. If the pending resolution
passes, he will receive an additional sum of some
$20,000, for the nine or ten years the appoint-
ment runs back. That is my opinion of the
amount he will receive.
Mr. SNEED. As J know of no other instance
in our history where the title of lieutenant gen-
eral was conferred than that of General Wash-
ington, I would be glad if the gentleman from
North Carolina would tell me whether General
Washington, or his friends, sought any back pay
because of that appointment and title? And
I would ask further, whether it is that case which
creates the precedent he refers to?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man with pleasure. General Washington was
not created lieutenant general by brevet, and of
course there was no back pay. The resolution
in the case of General Scott conferred the title
upon him by brevet, and to run back to the
capture of Vera Cruz. The Secretary of War
and the Attorney General have both decided that
it did carry back pay. It is therefore a mere
question of amount; and this lesolution proposes
to give General Scott only what General Wash-
ington would have received under the old law,
and nothing more.*
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
has alluded to the donation made to Commodore
Perry, Jr. Now, will the gentleman state the
* Appendix to Mr. Clingman's Remarks.—Memoran-
dumof precedents, &c.,in the history of the United States,
of giants, to military and naval cumuia.riders, in the way of
recompense for eminent and successful seivice.
1. Under the laws of the United States, differing m that
respect from those of European nations-, all captuies on
land are appropriated entire to the Government. The naval
laws of the United States, however, conform to the Euro-
pean system—accoid the bulk of prizes taken to the naval
captois,and a large share of such prize-money to the naval
commanders.
For the many acts of Congress making appropriation
accordingly, see" Naval Laws, pemim; and see, also, tho«e
of the private laws, vol. 6, Statutes at Large, indexed under
the head of Prizp-Moncy.
The following cases may be specially cited:
An act, April 18,1814, appiopuates $255,000 for the pur-
chase of the British vessels captured on X^ake JErie; the
whole of the said sum, in payment, to be distributed as
prize-money among the capturing squadron.
An act, Maxell 3, 1815, authoiizes the purchase of the
British vessels captured on Lake Champlam; the whole
amount of the valuation to 50 as pnze-money to the cap-
turing squadron. The amount was §2iK),4iW 10. (See
Naval Laws.)
An act, April 27,1816, appropriates $100,000 to be dis-
tributed "as prize-money, is now by law directed to be
distributed" to Decatur's squadron, as the captors of tin1
Algerine vessels, neither purchased nor retained by the
Government, but restored to the Dey of Algiers.
2. There are two cases, at least, of extraordinary giants
to naval commanders.
The act of April 18,1814, grants to Commodore O. H.
Perry $5,000, in addition to his share of the prize-money
already voted.
The act of March 1855, (see vol 10 United States
Statutes at Large, p. 659,) grants Commodore M. C. Perrv,
amount which was given to that gentleman under
cover of copies of a certain book toted to mem-
bers of Congress ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In that case, his
book was ordered to be printed at an enormous
expense. In this we only propdse to make aft
appropriation, which we think is authorized by
law.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me say a word on that
point. Although I opposed the compensation -to
which he refers at the time, yet the gentlemaii
from North Carolina will recollect that it was
given for his services in negotiating a treaty. It
was put on that ground, given to him in the
capacity of a negotiator of the treaty with Japan,
and not at all with regard to his service as a naval
officer.
Mr. STEPHENS. If this resolution passes,
will not General Scott be entitled to the same pay
which, under the law, the Attorney General holds
he is now entitled to ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Precisely.
Mr. STEPHENS. I put my vote on that
ground, and not upon the ground that this is a
gratuity. The Attorney General holds that Gen-
eral Scott is now entitled to the amount fixed by
the pending resolution under the existing law.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is precisely my
understanding of the resolution. It gives him
what the Attorney General holds he is entitled to
under the former joint resolution of Congress.
Inasmuch as the Secretary of War has doubt on
the subject, it is proper that he should be in-
structed, as is proposed by the resolution I have
offered. Gentlemen suggest that I had better call
for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose it is
the desire of all the members of the House to act
understandingly. I think they did not do so
when the office of brevet lieutenant general was
created. I ask the gentleman if he will not con-
sent to refer this resolution to the Secretary of
War, with instructions to report what General
Scott has already received, and what he will
receive for back pay under this resolution, and
what will be his annual pay under the resolution?
Jt %vould not delay the passage of the resolution
long, for it could be brought back within a
week.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am surprised that my
friend from Tennessee should ask for a reference
at this time. He will recollect that two weeks
ago, when the proposition was made to bring in
this resolution and refer it to the Committee on
Military Affairs, he objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
the gentleman that I am opposed to the whole
thing now. But he cannot inform the House how
much this resolution is to give to this officer.
When he attempted tn introduce the resolution
the other day, his proposition was to refer it to a
committee, and not to the Department, where
for services in time of peace, $20,000; described, in part,
£'asa consideration for Ins eminent public service in effect-
ing a tieaty of amity and commerce with" Japan.
2 The grants to General La Payette are as follows:
Act of March 27, 1794, §'24,424, as pay and emoluments.
Act of March 2,1803, 11,520 acres of land.
Act of March 27, 1804. a privilege of locating those lands
" on any territory the property of the United States within
the territory of Orleans."
An act of December 28,1824, "in consideration of the
serviced and sacrifices of General La Payette in the war of
the Revolution,'* granted him. $200,000 and one township
(23,040 acre-*) of land.
3. General Washington, with an independent fortune,
and without hens, had declined even pay beyond his ex-
j penses. Other distinguished leaders in our Revolution
(Greene and Wayne, at least) were voted grants by indi-
vidual States, the'resources of the Federal Treasury being
very small. General Greene alone received from South
Carolina ten thou&and guineas, from Georgia five thousand,
and fioin North Caiolina l\vent\-four thousand acres of
land—m all, not loss than a hundred thousand dollars, a
provision at that time worth perhaps double the sum at this
day. There seems no reason why the spirit of tins prece-
dent should not appiy federally.
4. To the above precedents in our own history it may be
, added, without detail, that the provisions of prize-money
] are such in European systems, that eveiv successful gen-
j eral must acquire something handsome for himself and his
1 family. By this system, every soldier may be induced at
[ lea<tto hope that, in devoting all his talents to his coun-
1 try's interests, he is not thereby sacrificing those of nis
family. ,, , , _
. In addition to what is systematically accorded, the gra-
i turned heaped upon Wellington and others have been enor-
1 mous. Even the late Crimean commanders have oeen
largely recompensed.
