m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
I think it is the judgment of every member of that
committee, that its duties could not be properly-
discharged without a permanent clerk. I think
the chairman of the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate,before whom the accounts
of clerka of this kind go, will agree that the clerk
to the Committee on Claims should be a perma-
nent one. I hope that a permanent clerk will be
continued to that committee. I say this not for
myself, because 1 do not expect to remain chair-
man of the committee longer than the close of th is
session. I have served there during the last six
years, and that is quite long enough.
Mr. PUGrH. At the close of the last regular
session I offered a resolution, which was adopted,
but afterwards reconsidered and laid on the table,
to constitute the clerks to several of the standing
committees permanent clerks. I did it on the
principle that we had made the employes of the
Senate generally permanent officers, and it struck
me that the leading committees of the Senate
derive a great advantage from having permanent
clerks. But if that resolution be not adopted, I
shall certainly be compelled to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
We have provided an expenditure of more than
420,000 annually for ascertaining claims against
this Government, in the shape of salaries of judgps
of the Court of Claims, of the attorney and two
assistants, of the clerk and assistant clerk, to-
gether with other expenditures, and yet we are
told that we must still go on to give the Commit-
tee on Claims an advantage over other standing
committees. If this expenditure does not relievo
the labors of that committee, we certainly ought
to retrace our stops and abolish the court. I have
no objection if it be understood that, to relieve
the labor of Senators 011 the important commit-
tees of the Senate, the Committee on Retrench-
ment, or on Contingent Expenses, may select
Certain committees, and give them permanent
Clerks; but I shall oppose a proposition to make
a permanent clerk for any committee specially,
except the Committees on Printing and on
Finance.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I think it is a
bad policy to select some of the clerks of com-
mittees and make them permanent, and leave
others to be dependent on a resolution of the body
at every session. 11 creates a disagreement among
them. The course which strikes me as being
best is to put them all on the same footing. It
prevents any of the jealousies and annoyances
to which they are subject, and to which, perhaps,
some of them may subject members of the Sen-
ate. If we are to have committee clerks at all,
they should, in my judgment, be permanent. I11- ;
stead of that, however, we have an individual
eontcstin regard to each committee, and reasons
ara given why its clerk should be permanent. I
think there is much stronger reason why the
Committee oa the Post Office and Post Roads
should have a permanent clerk than the Commit-
tee on Claims. I have no doubt that the Com-
mittee on Claims have business enough to em-
ploy a clerk, but it is of a temporary character,
and the Post Office is a permanent institution.
Under the circumstances, it seems to me that the
best way to dispose of the subject is to have
clerks only for such committees as need them,
nnd then make them permanent. By that course
■we should avoid the continual agitation of this
subject at the beginning and end of every session
of Congress. If the Senator from Ohio will
make that motion I shall very cheerfully vote j
with him; and if he does not, I will make the |
motion myself, that all the clerks authorized to !
be appointed to the committees of the Senate be
placed on the same footing. I
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If it shall turn out that,
owing to any extraordinary accumulation of
business in the hands of the Committee on Claims,
they require a clerk, by this resolution they are
to apply to the Senate and make it known. I
do not see any necessity for assuming that a per-
petual clerk will be necessary. This necessity
is one of modern occurrence altogether; and as
the gentleman from Ohio has well remarked, the
Court of Claims ought to 'have diminished, and
must have diminished to a great extent, the labors
°i Committee on Claims. I am not willing,
therefore, to assume that that committee will
require a permanent clerk. The gentlemen of
that committee will be left free at any time when
they see the necessity, to ask for the appoint- 1
mentof a clerk, and the Senate will consent to it. ]
I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is against the exception which
is already in the resolution. By the resolution,
as submitted by the Senator from Mississippi, a
permanent clerk is given "to the Committee on
Finance. I am a member of that committee,
and also a member of the Committee on Claims;
and I unhesitatingly say, there is much more
necessity for a permanent clerk to the Committee
on Claims than to the Committee on Finance.
Strike out the exception in favor of the Finance
Committee, and let all these clerks stand on the
same footing, and I shall have no objection to
it. But there is an invidious distinction between
the clerks of these two committees, to which so
many matters are referred. Ten subjects are
referred to the Committee on Claims of the Sen-
ate, where one is referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I am a little
surprised at the opinion expressed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania. If his own experience has
not convinced him of the necessity of having an
experienced clerk to the Committee on Finance,
and if he has not already been convinced that in
order to do that he must be permanent, I do not
know that I could add anything by way of argu-
ment to convince him; but I think he is probably
the only gentleman on that committee who is
of opinion that there is as much propriety for
making the other clerks permanent as there is for
making the clerk of the Committee on Finance
permanent.
As proof of this, I may refer to the fact, that
the only two permanent clerks to the committees
of the House of Representatives are one to the
Committee of Claims, and one to the Committee
of Ways and Means. They have found it neces-
sary to have a permanent clerk there in order to
secure a man of sufficient experience—I will not
say ability—to discharge the duties of that post.
If you destroy this provision, the consequence
will be, if you have a clerk at all, you will have
to engage him from session to session, and the
chances are that you may get suclvione as ought
not to be in that place. It is indispensable that
you should have an experienced man, because
we all know how much depends upon the clerk
in the committees of conference on appropriation
bills. A very slight clerical error on his part
might occasion the Government the loss of large
sums of money; and everybody who has been on
those committees of conference, it seems to me,
must be of this opinion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I.think the
difficulty on one branch of this subject can be
remedied in another way more effectually than
by any mode yet proposed. The objection to
giving clerks to the committees generally is, that,
many of thosc^ committees have no labors to
perform. It is true that there are several com-
mittees of this body which are nominal; several
which have no duties; several thatdo not perhaps
meet once a session. I think the right way is to
abolish those committees, and retain only such
as have labors to perform, and then give a clerk
to each one of the laboring committees.
The difficulty now arises from the delicacy of
discriminating between those that have labors
and those that have not. Without any reference
to the mode in which committees are now organ-
ized, I would indicate, to illustrate my idea, the
Committee on Roads and Canals. I suppose
that committee has no duties to perform. No
subject is referred to them. River and harbor
and internal improvement measures go to the
Committee on Commerce.* There are no duties
to be performed by the Committee on Roads and
Canals. It is said that it is indelicate to give the
other committees a aerk and not give that com-
mittee one also. Then let us abolish the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, that has no duties,
and assign the members of that committee to
other committees where they will have an oppor-
tunity of laboring and have a clerk to assist them
in their labors. There are several other commit-
tees, like the Committee on Roads and Canals,
that have no labors to perform. I would abolish
committees that have no duties, and give a clerk
to each committee that has duties to perform.
I see no necessity, however, for making those
clerks permanent. If we give them a reasonable,
fair compensation during the session of Congress,
I have no doubt we can get men competent to per-
form the duties for the per diem allowed, with-
out making them permanent through the year;
but on that point I have no particular choice. I
would "prefer giving them a per diem during the
session and reducing the committees, lopping off
those that have no duties and giving a clerk to
every committee which has duties to perform.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, were this
question a new one, and were the object of the
Senator from Mississippi to make this curtail-
ment prospective, I should not have a word to
say about it. But as some allusion has been
made to a very important committee, of which I
have the honor to be chairman, I think it neces-
sary to protect that committee from the imputa-
tion cast upon it by the Senator from Illinois.
You, sir, recollect that I succeeded to your
place as chairman of that committee. I found
myself in the possession of a clerk and a very
comfortable room. I inherited the office. I do
not mean to say that if I had had to take the
initiative in that business I would have ventured
to propose that a clerk should be selected for that
committee. I agree with the Senator from Illi-
nois that that committee may be dispensed with;
but I ask whether it would be fair now, when
the clerks of all the committees have been in
attendance for several months, at Washington,
calculating, and justly calculating, that a system
which had existed for four or five years would
be continued, to cut tliem off without notice? I
will state, as regards the Committee on Roads
and Cahals, of which I am chairman, that several
matters have been referred to tliat committee, and
we have met more frequently than the gentleman
supposes. Last year, I think we had three or
four protracted meetings, to consider the subject
of constructing a canal on the Indiana side, at
the falls of the Ohio. There was a difference of
opinion among the committee; but on one occa-
sion a very elaborate report, of which I have the
paternity, but which, in fact, emanated from the
present President of the Senate, was presented
by that committee—a very voluminous, and, I
think, able report. I claim no credit for it except
to have presented it to the Senate.
All I ask, and I think my request is a reason-
able one, is this: so far as my committee is con-
cerned I shall make 110 objection whatever to its
abolishment; nor shall I ask to have a clerk, if I
continue to be chairman of that committee, after
tliPtermination of this session. I think this is
a proposition which will commend itself to the
consideration of every Senator present. I think
there is an implied consideration to pay these
clerks during the session. After that, I have not
a single word to say.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say to the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, that I would not consent to
the injustice of dismissing the clerks now em-
ployed during the present session. I take it for
granted that whatever changes we make will take
effect from and after the 4th of March, and that
we will not dispense with those who have come
here and taken their positions; that we will not
throw them out of pay and service after having
come here for the purpose of performing their
duties. That would be an act of injustice, to
which I would not consent for a moment. The
suggestion I made was m reference to a permanen t
system—that every laboring committee should
have a clerk, and that all useless committees
should be dispensed with. When we adopt that
principle, I think we shall have 110 difficulty on
this subject.
Mr. ADAMS. Whatever disposition the Sen-
ate may think proper to make of this resolution,
is a matter of indifference to me. The Com-
mittee on Retrem-hment felt very great delicacy
m determining what committees required, and
what committees did not require, clerks; and,
therefore, were of the opinion that it was proper
to throw the responsibility on each committee to
call 011 the Senate for a clerk if it thought one
necessary.
The Committee on Retrenchment, of which I
have the honor to be chairman, has had a clerk
for a portion of the time. I will say, however,
in justice to that committee, as it has been al-
luded-to on various oceasions, that no clerk was
appointed until March of the last regular session,
