1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18$
and no payment-was made to him, except from the
time of his entering upon his duties. The num-
ber of references is not always a criterion of the
amount of labor performed, either by a com-
mittee or its clerk. That committee had devolved
on it very important duties, if we could ever have
succeeded in complying with the requirements of
the rules, which we have not been able to do.
The committee, however, did institute an inquiry
into all the Departments to see whether any
changes were necessary in their organization.
Though we made but one report at the last ses-
sion to the Senate, there was much other labor
performed, and performed by the clerk, too. We
reported but one bill, and that bill is still pending.
We reported one bill more than we could induce
the Senate to consider. Although we did little,
we did more than we could get the Senate to act
on. That committee, on this occasion, has no
object except to throw the responsibility on each
committee and on the Senate. We reported the
resolution to take effect from and after its pas-
sage. As to the committees that may need
clerks, and the injustice that may be done, I can
only say8, that so far as the Committee on Re-
trenchment is concerned, we believe that no clerk
is necessary for that committee during this ses-
sion, and we so notified our old clerk in advance.
None was appointed at the special session, and
none was paid.
Mr. MASON. I am as little disposed to be
austere upon this subject as any Senator present;
but we must all be conscious, m the experience
of the Senate, that the regulation of the pay of the
officers of the Senate is prone to abuse. I listened
with great pleasure to what fell from the Senator
from Pennsylvaniain reference to the clerk of the
Committee on Claims. I was myself, seven or
eight years ago, chairman of that committee, and
we had a very able and efficient clerk. It was
then represented to mo, and very strongly urged,
that there was a propriety in making that clerk
permanent; and as a reason for it, it was said it
was better to keep a docket, and have entered
from session to session the various steps that
were taken by the committee in reference to
claims, which we could have for future reference,
to erect it into a sort of bureau, and keep a docket,
and keep the records in regular form, with the
proper indorsement, that we might be apprised
of what took place. It was said that an example
had been set already by the House of Represent-
atives, where the clerk of the Committee of Claims
was permanent. I could not at that time see any
fropriety in it, and with a great deal of reluctance
opposed the propositio-n which was made. I
do not recollect whether it was made in the Sen-
ate, but I know it was urged upon me as the chair-
man of the committee; and it seems to mo now,
since avast number of the claims which formerly
came before Congress are referred to the Court of
Claims, that there is less urgency for it now than
there was then.
But I feel some interest in the subject generally;
because I do not know whether the opinion is
gaining ground—but the idea is very strongly
pressed—that if you make one clerk permanent
you thereby disparage all the rest if they are not
made permanent. So if you make two clerks
permanent it will be a still greater disparagement;
and it has been said, that it is a sort of discredit
to those who are not made permanent. All that
reasoning has no effect upon me—none in the
world. If the duties of the offices require per-
manency, or if there is propriety in it for any
other reason, I would cheerfully accede to it. 1
shall presently ask that the Senate will allow the
Committee on Foreign Relations to appoint a
clerk; but I shall certainly not ask that that clerk
be made permanent; and I shall regret very much
if it be found agreeable, as doubtless it will be,
* to the gentleman who has so satisfactorily filled
the place for a considerable time, to be made a
permanent officer; but I know that there are not
duties enough of that committee, although some
may be discharged in the vacation, to give pro-
priety to any such proposition. I should be
reluctant, however, to sec anything like a prin-
ciple established, or an apparent principle, which
would make the situation of those gentlemen who
are not made permanent disagreeable and unsatis-
factory to them.
In reference to the only two exceptions which
have been made—the clerks to the Comr.ftctees
on Printing and on Finance—I believe all agree to
their propriety. Although I have never Deen a
member of the latter committee, I have had occa-
sion to read their reports; I have had occasion to
make myself familiar with the subject of those
reports; and I can very well understand, that if
they were intrusted to an incompetent hand they
would not only involve a vast deal of drudgery
and labor on the members of that committee,
especially the chairman, but they would lead to
inaccuracies and to difficulties. Unless a clerk is
cbmpetent, it is better to have no clerk at all. I
can very well understand that a man of peculiar
fitness and adaptation and experience must be
taken for that post. I can see a propriety, there-
fore, in having that office permanent; but I sub-
mit to the Senate whether it would not be a pre-
cedent that would bring us into trouble, and be a
dangerous one to adopt, to make all the commit-
tee clerks permanent officers.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the better way to dis-
pose of this subject is for the Secretary to call
over each committee in succession, and take a
quiet vote of the Senate whether it shall have a
clerk or not. Some of the committees I know
do not need a clerk. The'grcatest labor some of
the clerks have is to come up once a month, get
their pay, and go back again. If they have pay,
there ought to be a graduation in their compensa-
tion. I know that some deserve a great deal
more than others on a quantum meruit. I shall
say nothing of the committee over which I pre-
side; but I know one thing, and I will say it in,
reference to a great many other committees—if
there were no committee clerks at all, persons
who are interested in the dispatch of business
would find that their business was not in such a
state of preparation as it has been since clerks
have been employed. When I went on the Com-
mittee on the Juchciary there was no clerk
attached to it; and I found it very difficult to ex-
amine all the books and have the papers there
ready to write out my reports. I believe the
gentleman who is the clerk of that committee is
as industrious as any other. I have found it
exceedingly convenient to have him here in the
vacation, that I might keep in communication
with him in reference to the salaries of marshals
and other officers where cases have been submit-
ted to us. I suggest that the committees should
be called over in their order, and let us take a
quiet vote whether each one shall have a clerk
or not.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the amount of compensation that these
clerks will receive if tliey are made permanent,
as is proposed. I have taken the pains to make
the calculation upon the basis of the rate of pay
awarded them, and I find that these permanent
clerks will receive $2,628 annually for their ser-
vices. I do not hesitate to say, that they will be
paid more in proportion to their services than any
officers of the Government, or any other officers
of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to say, that the
present permanent clerks get the salary of the i
clerks in the Secretary's office—§1,800. The J
clerk to the Committee on Finance receives that >
sum. {
Mr. CLAY. Not six dollars a day ? i
Mr. HUNTER. No; but a salary of gl,800 .
a year. j
Mr. CLAY. Well, even if they are paid §1,800
annually, the pay would far exceed the amount
of service rendered, except, perhaps, as to the
two committees which have been allowed perma-
nent clerks. There are at least four committees
here that have fiever made a report since I have
been a member of the Senate; and yet I know that
two of them, perhaps all of them, have had clerks.
There are other committees that actually make .
reports it is true, but do not make a dozen reports
during a session of Congress; and yet we have j
men paid at the rate of six dollars a day, and ,
twenty percent, additional at the end of the ses- :
sion, for sitting still in the office, and, as the Sen-
ator from South Carolina remarks, going monthly i
to draw their pay. Any labor they may perform
beyond that is merely to supply the individual :
wants of the members of the committee. j
Mr. PUGH. I shall vote for the resolution '
reported from the Committee on Retrenchment, 1
because I understand it is simply establishing j
permanent clerkships for the Committee on i
Finance and the Committee on Printing, leaving
the subject, then, fair for us to begin with. I
have no objection to compensating the clerks of
whom the Senator from Louisiana has spoken,
up to the present time; but I cannot vote to con-
tinue them during the present session. If thef
resolution of the committee shall be adopted, I
shall then offer a resolution in which I have
selected the leading committees of the Senate,
and authorized them to employ permanent clerks.
I hope we may have a test vote, and make- an
end of the question one way or the other. I do'
not ask myself the question stated by the Senator
from Alabama—what is the expense of it?—but
I ask, what is its necessity ? I am not the chair-
man of any committee; but I belong to two of
the laborious ones. I have written late at night
myself on the business of those committees, and
I do not think the public pays me enough to keep
me at that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand the proposition
reported from the Committee oil Retrenchment is'
to give to two committees—the Committees on.
Finance and Printing—permanentclerks; exclud-
ing the Committee on Claims from a permanent
clerk. I wish, with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, to enter my protest against this arrange-
ment. I am a member of the Committee on
Claims, and I say, with all sincerity, that if there
be a committee belonging to this body that ought'
to have a permanent clerk, it is the Committee on
Claims. It stands out in bold relief from all the
other committees. I do not, at this time, pretend
to say that even that committee really has any
necessity for a permanent clerk; and I doubtvery
much whether any committee of the Senate has
any necessity for a permanent clerk; that is to
say, any necessity for a clerk who shall perform
services during the recess or vacation of the
Senate. The Senator from Virginia talks about
the Committee on Finance requiring a permanent
clerkship. I should like to know of that Senator
what he wants of a clerk during the recess of the
Senate for the Committee on Finance ? What
duties has the clerk of the Committee on Finance-
to perform during the recess, after the Senate-
adjourns? None upon earth; and that Senator'
knows very well that the valuable man whom'
they have for a clerk, when the Senate adjourns,
goes to the pei-formance of other duties. I under-
stand he is a clerk in one of the Departments.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. He was formerly.
Mr. HUNTER. The present arrangement was
made in order to avoid that. Formerly, he was
a clerk in one of the Departments; and in order
to obtain liis services the per diem he got here
was given to a substitute during the session of
Congress, and he returned to his desk afterwards.
Some objection was made to that. It was con-
sidered rather an evasion of the law declaring
that a man should not have two clerkships at
once; and in order to secure his services it was
provided that he should be a permanent clerk to
the Committee on Finance. He resigned his
clerkship which he held in the Department, and
took this place.
Mr. IVERSON. That shows the truth of
what I stated, that formerly, when this gentleman
was a clerk in one of the Departments, he came
here and performed the duties of clerk to the
Committee on Finance. He employed a substi-
tute in the Department, and as soon as the session
ended he went back to his employment and ser-
vice in the Department to which he belonged,
showing that there was no necessity for his ser-
vices here during the recess, and no necessity"
whatever for a permanent clerk.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will perceive he
only came as an accommodation to the public
service. He got no compensation here, but only
additional labor. He did it to oblige the-com-
mittee.
Mr. IVERSON. That does not after the case.
It is evident that at that time this gentleman dirt
not perform clerical duties at the Capitol pertain-
ing to the Committee on Finance during the
recess of the Senate. I do not think there is any
necessity for any committee having a permanent
clerk during the recess. If tftere be any excep-
tion, however, is the Committee on Claims;
