1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
clerk at §2,400 a year, and another to make him
a permanent clerk at $1,800 a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to understand the
effect of this proposition. There is a little doubt
about it among some of us. I understood the
original proposition from the Committee on Re-
trenchment to be that, with the exception of two
permanent clerks, each committee that Wanted a
clerk was to come to the Senate to ascertain
-whether it could be allowed. This provision
was reported on account of the well known fact
that there are several committees which do noth-
ing and have nothing to do, and yet employ a
clerk regularly for no purpose that I can con-
ceive except for the private purposes of the mem-
bers of the committee. Now, sir, I wish to
inquire whether the proposition submitted by the
Senator from Delaware does not reverse that, and
ieave every committee to have a clerk under the
general practice. If it does, I am opposed to it;
because that was the precise evil which I sup-
posed the report of the Committee on Retrench-
ment was designed to meet—an evil which I
think ought to be remedied.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think, sir, that the Sen-
atorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] with his usual
sagacity, has pointed out to us the true source
of embarrassment under which the Senate evi-
dently labors, and it can very readily be obviated
by ascending to the source. The 34th rule of
the Senate provides for a number of standing
committees. We all know there are five or six
of those committees who have no duties to per-
form, who never meet, and whose clerk is occu-
pied in attending to the private affairs of members
of the Senate with their constituency, franking
documents, visiting the Departments in search
of information, and things of that sort. If that
.kind of business is to be done for members of
the Senate, each member should have his own
private secretary appointed for that purpose.
That, however, is not the intention nor the ob-
ject of the employment of the clerks. I think
that if we shall permit the system which already
exists to remain for a few weeks longer, and
provide for cutting off the evil at its source, we
shall be acting more wisely than by continuing
this desultory debate on the subject, when every
member is expressing his opinion without prob-
ably having had an opportunity of investigating
the subject closely.
My proposition would be, if it meet the favor
of the Senate, somewhat like that of the honor-
able Senator from Georgia, that a special com-
mittee of   members be appointed to take
into consideration the expediency of so amending
•the 34th rule of the Senate as to reduce the num-
ber and increase the efficiency of the committees,
and providing for the appointment and compen-
sation of the clerks of the committees; and that
the resolution of the Senate, passed at the last
session, on the subject of the employment of
clcrks, be continued in force until the further
order of the Senate. If we will go to work at the
source of the evil—if we will reduce the number
of the committees, increase their efficiency, or-
ganize them better, and report a plan for the
employment of the clerks of the committees thus
organized, we shall do what we all appear to be
aiming at; that is, conduct the business of the
Senate on a proper basis.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Louisiana
will allow me to suggest that, instead of raising
a select committee, he ought to send the question
to the Committee on Retrenchment, and then
I have no doubt there will be no objection to
it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope that will not be done.
I think a select committee would be proper.
, Mr. BENJAMIN. My only difficulty in
making the motion has been that ordinary par-
liamentary rules would indicate myself as a
member of the committee. I would desire not
to be on it. I would prefer that the President of
the Senate should select for this committee, if it
be the pleasure of the Senate to raise it, such
members of the body as have much more expe-
rience than I can have in relation to the business
of the committees.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The opposition to a select
committee is withdrawn.
Mr. PUGH. In order to allow the Senator's
resolution to be received, I move to lay the
original resolution and amendments on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I nowpffer this resolution:
Resolved, That a special committee of members be
appointed to take into consideration the expediency of so
amending the 34th rule of the Senate a-=s to reduce the
number and increase the efficiency of the committees, and
of providing for the appointment and compensation of the
clerks of the committees; and that the resolution of the
Senate passed at the last session on the subject of the em-
ployment of clerks be continued in force until the further
order of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
now. The Chair hears no objection. The first
question is on filling the blank. What number
does the Senate propose? [" Five."] Five will
be inserted.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Let the committee be appointed
by the Chair.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is understood, I pre-
sume, that the committee will be appointed by
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore accordingly ap-
pointed Messrs. Benjamin, Hunter, Douglas,
Fessenden, and Brodhead.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R No.
154) to provide for the settlement of the claims of
the officers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and orphan children of those who died
in the service; the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Bayard, to insert the words
" or grandchild" in the eleventh section, so as to
make it read: it The issue of any deceased child
or grandchild taking among them the share of
their deceased parent."
Mr. EVANS. I merely desire to repeat what
I said the other day, that the effect of this amend-
ment will be to send the biil back to the House
of Representatives; and whether they will ever
get it up on their Calendar I do not know. Ori-
ginally my motion was favorable to the scheme
which this amendment proposes, to wit: to give
the fund to the descendants; but when the subject
was considered in the House, the bill having been
reported in the form presented here, a motion
was made to amend it in conformity with the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Dela-
ware; and it was there rejected. The House
having decided against it, if the bill be sent back
there it will probably be so decided again, if they
ever get it up for consideration. I hope the
Senate will take this bill as it is, rather than run
the risk of its entire loss by sending it back to
the House of Representatives.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, when this bill
was under consideration at the first session of the
present Congress, I was in the act of presenting
some objections to its passage, when a motion
was made by some Senator that it should give
way to other and more important public business,
and be postponed until this session. I had then
said the most of what I purposed saying in oppo-
sition to it, but I had not presented all my views.
I propose now to occupy the attention of the
Senate for a few minutes in presenting my views
against this bill in its totality, in any sliape, m
any form, or for any amount.
The bill is based upon no principle whatever;
neither upon contract, nor upon any sound prin-
ciple of gratuity. A portion of the report made
by the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[iVlr. Evans,] appeals to the Senate on the ground
that this is a national debt; but the bill disavows
that it is a question ex contractu, or even ex limita-
tione justiticc, and puts it solely on the ground of
gratuity. The very limitation which the honor-
able Senator just now opposed, shows at once
that he puts it on no principle of debt, because, if
it be a debt withheld by this Government, not
only the descendants to the remotest degree, but
the executors and administrators, the personal
representatives, ought to have the fund.
The bill, therefore, goes on the principle that
the money which it proposes to pay is not a debt,
but is a gratuity, to be given to some supposed
meritorious services. If it be a gratuity, I say it
is faulty, for it is too limited; it is grossly out-
rageous and unjust. It is unjust, in the first
place, because it is confined solely to the officer®
of the Revolution, to the exclusion of themerito-
rious men who fought for the country. It un-
just, in th^second place, because it discriminates
between the officers themselves, by givingmoney
to an important class of officers who did the least
meritorious service, or no service at all, under the
resolution of 1780.
These objections to the bill cannot be answered.
They are patent on its face. First, it gives to
officers and excludes the men; second, it discrim-
inates between the officers, and it gives to the least -
instead of the most meritorious, in many cases.
It totally excludes from the national gratitude
the great body of the soldiers of the Revolution.
If this were a debt, if it were an obligation of the
Government, my argument would be answered;
but it is avowe'd in the report, and itis avowed in
the provisions of the bill, that it is not a debt.
The idea of its being a debt is disavowed. If it
is a debt, you have no right to limit its payment
to children or grandchildren; but the personal
representatives—the administratorsand executors
of the parties—have a right to it; and above all,
the lineal descendants—the great-grandchildren
as well as the children and grandchildren—have
aright to the fund. You choose by this bill, how-
ever, to limit it. I say, then, that you have, in
this bill, departed from every principle of national,
justice and national contract, and therefore on no1
account is it entitled to the consideration of the
Senate. It is a bill that is gotten up by claim
agents here, and by the profligate sons of worthy
fathers who fought for the liberties of this coun-
try, to plunder the public Treasury.
Sir, no pensions were paid by the men who
won your Revolution. The first pension act for
any service, however great or meritorious, was
passed in 1818; and the benefits of that act, which
justly created a great clamor in a republican
country, as this was, were given exclusively to
the poor; and a man had to swear that he had no
means of livelihood beyond one or two hundred
dollars before he could receive any pension under
that bill. Even that act, stringent as it was,
created such a clamor in the country that the next
Congress still further restricted it. In 1828, when
half a century had passed over the heads of the
men who fought your battles, when their genera-
tion was gone, when tories and jobbers could
not be distinguished from the really meritorious,
the agents cam^ here, and then they were listened
to with willing ears by the representatives of
those men who had won public liberty. They
attempted tointimidate public men—and I believe,
to a great extent, have done it—on the idea that
it would be dangerous to refuse to give douceurs—
to give the public money to those who won the
independence of the country. Here you are
doing no such thing. The bill in that aspect is
a fraud. It makes merit no reason for the bounty
of the Government; it makes service no reason
for the bounty of the Government; it makes
contract no reason for the bounty of the Govern-
ment; but it selects a particular class. What is
the history of that class? I could take many
illustrations; but I will take the old mother of
Stales, that my illustration may not be supposed
to have an improper bearing, for it is the State
in which my own father enlisted in the war of
the Revolution—the State of Virginia. For forty
years this was a class whose claims Virginia
resisted. Her courts were thrown open to all
citizens who had claims against her. She was
suable in her own courts. Actions were com-
menced against her in favor of this particular
class by which this Government has been in-
volved to the amount of two millions of money.
Probably a preliminary remark is necessary to
explain the case.
When Congress passed the resolution of 1780,
;! giving to the officers who would remain to the
j end of the war half pay for life, Virginia passed
:j a similar resolution for her State line, and many
I other States did the same thing. By the assump-
j tion act of 1790, Congress assumed the obliga-
!j tions of Virginia and the other States which had
!j enacted the same legislation. There was one
j class of the officers of Virginia who never were
in active service, but who contended that they
I were waiting the orders of the Government, and
{ they claimed the benefit of this resolution. Suits
j were brought; and finally* in 1828, under a de-
-! eision of the Virginia courts, to be found m
