188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
a sort of Midshipman Easy daring the whole
Revolution, having an adverse claim to her terri-
tory. The State of Georgia, from her having but
forty thousand inhabitants stretching along the
Savannah river, was unable to send anybody into
the continental line, but the settlers were sur-
rounded by the Indians, and the British were
attacking them. Every man was on actual ser-
vice in the defense of bis own homestead. That
whole region of country was a universal camp.
Whenever a battle was fought—and this is the
case as to the upper part of South Carolina also
—the whole community had to come together and
fight, because the United States had not a regular
body of soldiers then. Even at King's Mountain
there were no regular soldiers,. Those battles
were fought by the people of the country. They
were not regularly in the service, and could not
be, because they were left to defend the frontiers
of the States in which they lived. The States got
no credit for their service. Nothing was paid for
them. One great reason was, that the States paid
nothing, and therefore had nothing to charge the
United States with. Those very men who stood
in the State of my honorable friend from South
Carolina—who stood in my neighborhood with
arms in their hands against tories and Indians,
from the first to the last day of the war, are ex-
cluded from the provisions of this bill. There is
no more meritorious class of men. The bones
of many of them are now bleaching in sight of
the Senator's own residence. Their children are
as much entitled to the bounty of the Govern-
ment as the men to whom he is giving it by the
provisions of this bill. This discrimination is
odious and unjust. You may pick up the his-
tory of any State of the Union, and you will find
that it works nothing but injustice.
The people of the frontier States, as were
Vermont on the one side, and Georgia on the
other; not being able to furnish a continental
contingent, though in actual war from the begin-
ning, did not get much benefit from the act of
1790. The people of those States were constantly
engaged, Vermont with the British on the Canada
line, and Georgia with the Indians. Those
States got nothing but hard knocks from the
British, and hard work for themselves. Wow, a
class of people, who not only got their pay like
everybody else for the same service, but some of ,
them for much less service got a commutation of <
five years'full pay, equal to at least twenty years' i
half pay according to the value of money then, are I
to be paid, or rather their descendants are to be 1
paid this act of justice, as it is claimed, though
the report admits that it is not just. There is no
law for it. I say that, if there is any national
gratitude in the case, it extends to those who
fought in the Revolution, many of whom died
for their country. You can find their descend-
ants easily. Thousands of them are on the [
pension roll. Why exclude the children of those I
whose services have been established, and who !
drew pensions during their lives? There can be
no want of proof in such cases. The service is
proved; the Government has acknowledged it,
and paid the man a pension in his life" time.
Even ill those pensions which were granted,
Congress would not allow the men to go back,
and they could not draw their pensions except
from the time when the proof was completed.
In this case, however, it is proposed to go back
to 1794, and assume to pay them ten years' half
pay, as if it were the same thing as paying it
annually every year. This is a fallacy in the
bill which I should suppose my honorable friend
would perceive at once. If he can see no differ-
ence between paying ten years' half pay in ad-
vance, and paying it m equal annual installments,
his bill m this respect is right; but, if there is a
difference, his bill is wrong. The bill is crude,
ill-digested, partial in every line, and is based on
no principle whatever, except favoritism to a class
Who are now on the records of the country.
Mr. President, I have shown that the records
of the country establish conclusively that this is
not a debt; that the resolution of 1760, which
General Washington and the men of the Rev-
olution were constantly appealing to Congress to
car0 out, was carried out. There is no appeal
fS? «m' AIthoug'!1 tlle report which was made
tffthe House puts it in such a way as to leave the
inference that this debt was sustained by the great
authority of the men of the RevolutionI sa v
cannot find a single human being who stood for-
ward for these claims until those glorious defend-
ers of their country were in their graves. The
men who fought in the revolutionary war did not
favor thorn. The men wllo were then in the civil
councils of the Government refused to acknowl-
edge them. It was reserved for this day, seventy
years afterwards, to find men outside and inside
these walls, whose consciences become so tender
on this act of justice, as they choose to term it,
to one class of soldiers of the Revolution to the
exclusion of the rest.
I say there is no foundation for this claim.
These officers got their commutation, a liberal
allowance. They got a better fund than anybody
else. The domestic debt was all swept away.
What monstrous nonsense it is to talk to us to-
day about thg depreciation of the six per cent,
funded debt, when the entire domestic debt of
the United States was in truth swept from the
face of the earth 1 It is now said you cannot
find it; it is scattered. You can find a great deal
on the records of the country that was due to
various people. You know that you paid no
money; nothing but this trash, and you know
what it was worth. The newspapers of the day
and the records of many of the patriots of the
Revolution show its value. I have seen marked
at the head of some of it " scale of music"—the
depreciation of pay given to them !
The men for whom the bill provides were a
favored class. They were preferred to the other
creditors. The other debts were swept out at a
liclc. The depreciation was given as a reason for
refusing to redeem it. If you will look at the
reports, you will find that the Government said:
" I put out money here first at one hundred cents
for the dollar; when there was little of it, the
public credit was sustained; but it fell to ninety.
The next was at ninety, next at fifty, and the
next, as the Senator has said, at about forty to
one." The man who took it for beef, cattle,
or provisions, or iron, or muskets, before he
could pass it, had to let it go at forty, or thirty,
until in the end it depreciated to nearly one
hundred to one. The Government said: "The
loss is distributed; it is a public calamity; and
we shall not pay those men who bought it at one
hundred to one, who are the least meritorious of
the public creditors." The refusal was put on
that ground by the patriots of the Revolution.
" You have boughtit to speculate on it; the others
took it for patriotism, and passed it from neces-
sity, and the loss was distributed from top to
bottom. You are the last creditors—the least
meritorious—and therefore we spurn you." That
was the principle. The nominal payment was
nothing. These men to whom you gave not cur-
rency, but a six per cent, fund, and paid the in-
terest annually and fairly, and then in 1790 made
it a public stock, come here and say: " We sold it
ota discount." That is no reason for passing the
bill. I affirm that these men were the most favored
creditors; they were paid better than others; and
need not have lost a dime except through their
own fault or misfortune. Their poverty was their
misfortune—not the fault of the Government.
When the time came for payment, the Govern-
ment paid the debt.
Besides, this not being a legal obligation, I have
already shown that in point of justice this class
is the least meritorious; and I demand in behalf
of those who did serve the country, some of whom
fought and died for it, all of whom labored for it,
_y°u sil.a" not prefer these favored officers of
the Revolution, who have been better treated than
they have, either to them or their descendants.
I say it is a gross outrage and injustice.
You are called upon to pass th'is bill to reward
the children of those who fought for their own
liberties. It is a very poor pretext for an honor-
able man to come and tell the Government, " My
i ancestor fought for his own and the public lib-
| erty; he did not choose to be a slave to a foreign
| despotism; but with manliness, and honor, and
1 patriotism, he fought during the war; now nay
me for this; I want to be paid in hard dollars for
the honor and the chivalry and patriotism of my
ancestor." I tell you, Mr. President, it is not
good money—it is bad money—it is dishonorable
to the memories of those who fought your battles
to accept it.
Mr. COMEGYS. Mr. President, I do not rise
p ,i , l yti (nil, JiiSc
you . for the purpose of discussing the principles of
this bill, for they were laid before the Senate the
other day by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Evans;] but I rise merely to take
notice of a remark which has been made by the
Senator from Georgia in regard to Colonel Allen
McLane. I presume he misunderstood the char-
acter of the paper which was presented to the
Senate. If I understand it, that paper is a copy
of a report made by a committee of the other
House, in which they say that Colonel Allen
McLane stated, by his petition, that he had pro-
tested against the commutation. The. honorable
Senator from Georgia said that he did not believe
Colonel Allen McLane's statement. I under-
stood him to say that. Now, sir, I do not know
whether Colonel Allen McLane's statement is
true or false; but this I do know: that from the
knowledge I have—from the information I have
derived from my father, and others in the State
of Delaware, of the character of Allen McLane,
and from the reputation his memory bears in that
State now, I feel warranted in saying before the
Senate and the country, that where Allen McLane
was known (and he was well known not only in
Delaware but out of it, because he was a gallant
officer of the revolutionary army) any statement
he made in reference to himself, or otherwise,
would be- entitled to as much credit as any state-
ment which could be made on this floor by any
gentleman who occupies a seat in the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. Waiving the last remark of
the Senator, there is no question, unless lie
chooses to make one, as to the veracity of Mr
McLane. I think his attempt to do it is exceod-
ingly gratuitous on his part.
Mr. COMEGYS. Probably I misunderstood
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said that the reason I did
not believe the sta^ment was, that he was evi-
dently mistaken in the material fact which is
proven by the records of the country. The
statement was, that Colonel Lee had commuted
for him. I said that was not true; because he
could not commute for him.
: Mr. COMEGYS. It may be true that Colonel
Lee .did not. I probably misunderstood the
! Senator.
j Mr. TOOMBS. Therefore I eaid I did not
I believe the statement. The gentleman may be
correct as to his veracity. I know nothing at all
; about it. I spoke from no knowledge of him;
j but I took'his own account of the fact, which,
| put by the side of the public records, shows it is
! not true.
; Mr. COMEGYS. It may not be true that
; Colonel Lee commuted for him: but it is un-
jdoubtedly true, 1 think, that Colonel Allen
. McLane thought he did it. I did not wish to do
' any injustice to the Senator, or make any impu-
j tation on him I merely wished to rescue the
; character of Colonel Allen McLane from what I
thought—though I am very glad to be informed
! to the contrary—was an imputation or a charge
| that he had stated what was not true. I unde'r-
stood that to be an imputation on his veracity,
though the explanation is entirely satisfactory;
and I do not wish to do any injustice to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, or anybody else.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, since the name
of Mr. McLane has been brought up, I think it
proper to say, that in early life"! knew him, and
he was one of the most gallant and patriotic and
efficient officers in the whole country. 1 have it
Jrom ray own father, who served under him, that
;a more courageous and active officer lie ne\cr
i saw, and his reputation stood then among the
; highest of the officers of the Revolution. He
was remarkable for his activity; and 1 bi lieve oils
of the most honorable men we" had at that time.
j PUGfl. I move to strike out the fourth
cind fifth sr-ctions of tho billj which are:
<k Sec. 4. JJntl he it further enaete/f, That the benefit of
the resolution of the twenty-fourth of August, seventeen
hundred and eighty, shall be extended to the widows and
orphan duhlren ot all officers who died in the service at
any period during the war of the Revolution. * bother fucii
; officers belonged to the Continental line, or to any voiun-
, teer corp-> called into .service under the authoiity "f nnv *
i bfate; but no payment shall be made under Uns dau-o
■ except to the widows and orphan children of such deceased
; officers.
i Andbcit further enacted, That surgeons' mates
shall be entitled to the benefit of the resolution of the *cv-
( enteenth of January, seventeen hundred and eiehty-one,
and receive the same pay aa hospital physicians and sur-
! geontt."
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, as I intend to
