190
WLE €ONOftSMO'!MA-L GLOBE.
December 23,
-"Senator who presides at the head of the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims. -1 understand the
-taeasure cornea to the Senate in the form of a
bill from the House, substantially the same as
that heretofore recommended by the honorable
Senatorfrom South Carolina. If the appropria-
tion that is proposed by the bill be a gratuity, I
-confess I am one of those who are always reluc-
tant to be the means of conferring gratuities by
this Government on any class whatsoever. They
are dangerous to the Government; they enfeeble
and demoralize it; and they are debauching to
th§ people. They teach a people to look to the
Government for bread, for support, and for main-
tenance.
The present case, 1 understand, is this: the
Continental Congress, at the urgent instance of
-the commander-in-chief, and for other considera-
tions, passed a resolution in 1780, agreeing to give
'to the officers who should serve to the end of the
■war half pay for life. At the close of the war, for
reasons which are set forth in the report of the
honorable chaijpian, Congress determined to rec-
ommend to those officers that they should agree
to take a commutation of five years' full pay, in
lieu of the half pay for life which was thus con-
tracted, and at the same time informed them that
their consent should not be given individually,
but should be taken from the majority of the offi-
cers of each line. Now, it is said, and said with
force, that the contract to give the half pay for
life was a contract made with each individual offi-
cer who did serve during the whole war, but that
the commutation was not left to the individual
•election of those officers; and therefore, that, as
to those who did not elect to take it, the con-
tract remained in full force. That may be. It
may be that as to those who did not elect (among
whom seems to have been the very justly distin°
guished patriot of the State of Delaware, the late
Allen McLane) there is a contract remaining
"which ought to be complied with. But, as I un-
derstand the bill, it commits the appropriation not
to those alone who did not agree to that contract,
but to all who took the commutation, and were
previously entitled to half pay for life. I can see
no propriety in giving that gratuity; for certainly,
as to those who accepted the commutation—xvho
made a new contract with the Government by
their acceptance, it is in the form of a gratuity.
It may be that, if it were practicable to distin-
guish the one class from the other, it wo^ld be
obligatory on us, in good faith, to comply with
the contract of the old Congress, and give the half
pay for life to those who did not agree to accept
the commutation.
The honorable chairman has said in his report,
and justly, that it is not a legal claim. I should
presume it is not a legal claim, among other
reasons, because it is competent to the Govern- |
ment, and must be competent to the Government
to pi escribe its own debts. It is a power exer-
cised in this instance. An individual would be
be obliged to leave it to other individuals to elect
in matters that were to bind him; but the Gov-
ernment undertook to prescribe that it should be
bound, not by the officer's individual act, but by a
majority of thflir fellows, thus prescribing its own
debt. Then, as to all that class embraced in the
bill who agreed to accept the commutation, it is a
pure gratuity.
I have been restrained heretofore, among
other reasons, from voting for this gratuity, be-
cause I could not see my way clear. If we give
this gratuity to officers who served to the end of
the war, and yet give it to them as a gratuity,
how can we, with any propriety, refuse to give
it to that class of officers who served up to the
period when the war, in truth-, ended in 1781
though the peace was not proclaimed until 1783-
and it we give it to them, how can we refuse to
give it to that class of officers, of whom there
were many, who were disabled, not by wounds
but by constitutional debility or infirmities con-
m 4Jle service from continuing even Up
to I;si; and at last how can we even refuse to
redeem the Continental currency, one instance
or which was adduced by the Senator from Geor-
gia? If we beg-in to go back, I cannot see what
is to arrest the Government in its lapses down to
afiisobligation acknowledged to redeem the Conti-
nental currency.
"We all know, Mr. President, that a (state of
■ww'ia not a bed of reses to tjie people engaged
in war. They must make sacrifices—large and
great sacrifices. Patriots make them voluntarily.
Those who are .not actuated by the same spirit,
are obliged, in many instances, to make them
involuntarily. They are sacrifices that war de-
mands from all.
I know that among my friends and acquaint-
ances in Virginia, and in one or two of the other
southern States, it has been brought to my knowl-
edge, there are cases where the claims remain in
the original hands, that have not got into the
hands of speculators at all, the holders of which
will be benefited by this gratuity. I regret very
much, for one, that it is not in my power here as
a representative to extend it. I shall be obliged,
therefore, as I have heretofore, to vote against the
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I had
not intended to participate in this debate, and I
now design to confine myself to a very few re-
marks on the subject of this bill. The case has
been stated by the Senator from Virginia. Con-
gress, during the war, and at the crisis of the war,
under the advice of General Washington, passed
a resolution promising the officers of the army
who continued in service until the end of the war
half pay for life thereafter. Subsequently, by
another resolution, they invited and authorized
those same officers to commute their claim to
half pay for life, for full pay for five years; and
for that full pay, engaged to grant them a certifi-
cate of debt payable I believe ten years after-
wards, with interest payable annually. This is
the state of the case.
It seems to me that this subject cannot be fairly
or properly appreciated without our looking back
to the lime of this occurrence, the condition of
the country, and the condition of the parties en-
titled to half pay for life. The war had closed
before this invitation to accept five years' full pay
was made.^ The country was exhausted—ex-
hausted of its means by the war which had pre-
ceded. The Government was not able to pay,
and the officers were left without anything, and
almost without hope; their necessities were im-
mediate. To provide for those necessities many
of them agreed to accept this commutation, and
their accounts were settled accordingly, and the
certificates granted them according -to the provis-
ions of.the law. Those who did not so commute
have received, first and last, the full amount of
their half pay for life; and this bill now proposes
to place those who accepted the commutation
upon the same footing with those who did not
commute, deducting the amount of the commu-
tation from the half pay for life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to correct the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky. Not one re-
I ceived half pay for life. All those who did not
commute at the time have been paid commutation
subsequently. There is no case of an officer of
the army having been paid his half fey for life.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I mean not to say that
they have been specifically and nominally paid,
but according to the provisions of Congress, half
pay and all, they have received what was re-
garded as an entire equivalent for it. So I under-
stand; but it is not very material. A portion of
the officers of the army agreed to accept the full
'fn® years in lieu of the ilaIf Pay for life.
j",S ^"'proposes now to give them the benefit
of the half pay for their lives, deducting from the
sum that would be due them the amount of their
commutation, or the full pay for five years This
is objected to on the ground that the legal obliga-
\lon,°L Gove™ment by the resolution eivinf
the half pay for life, which is acknowledged as a
legal obligation, was extinguished by their accept-
ance of the terms of the commutation. Gentle-
men say now it is a mere debt of gratitude, a
mere gratuity that we are paying; and that, if we
go upon the consideration of gratitude, we must
embrace many others; and those who are opposed
to this bill and desire to defeat it only on grounds
which would make them more opposed to an '
enlargement of the bill, argue that we ought not
to pay these men because the bill is not compre-
hensive enough,and does not provide for others.
-Now, sir, is it a debt of mere gratitude ? Isit
fn^n S?ttUi% •¥' We arC PW'S-' Is a deljt
in respect to which our constitutional rights can
be invoked, as they have been by the gentleman
f The debt is extinguished in one
sense or the term.
In the legal, technical sense
of the term, the debt is extinguished. That I
admit But is there not a moral obligation on us
to make good, to the uttermost, when we are able
to do so, our obligations, founded on such meri
torious considerations? That is the question. If
a debt which I owe to you is barred by the statute
of limitations, does it not extinguish the leral
obligation ? But am I under no moral obligations
growing out of the matter? Is it a mere matter
of gratitude if afterwards, when I become able to
do so, I feel under obligations to acquit myself
of my debt, and pay you that debt so barred and
which bar, in a time of distress, I was oblioirl to
shelter myself under?
What was the condition of the Government
when it made this proposition to the officers?
They came out of the war victorious and naked.'
They came out of the war triumphant and pen-
niless. The Government was in no condition to
execute its obligations. Promises of half pay
they could not satisfy. They sought for them-
selves some little exemption and procrastination
of this obligation by giving the promise of full
pay for five years, the payment of the principal
to be postponed for ten years. - By these hopes,
your needy and naked and hungry officers, as
many of them were, were tempted to accept the
terms. They have received the commutation.
If they give credit for that on the account, when
you become able and prosperous, where is there
any restraint in the Constitution to prevent your
satisfying your sense of moral obligation by
paying the full balance? Is it no debt because
it is not recoverable by law?
No national debt is recoverable by law. The
creditor must depend on the sovereignty and on
the gratitude of the Government. It is to measure
its own obligation. There is no legal tribunal
before which you could go and drag this nation
to answer. Your courts of law have decided
that, as to a debt barred, and which is no longer
one of legal obligation, if the party promise to
pay it, the previous debt, barred though it be, is
an ample consideration for the subsequentpromise
That was your condition. You were unable to
pay, as you had promised, half pay for life- you
gave something like security for a smaller sum.
Your honest creditor accepted it. You have paid
that; and if you feel any moral obligation to do
so, you are able to pay the balance. Will you
do it? It is not a case of mere gratuity, certainly,
nor a case of a mere debt of gratitude. That is
not it; it is a money obligation, which, under
your invitation, your creditor departed from and
took for it that which was not an ample consid-
eration, that which was not a fair equivalent
Half pay for life was given up for full pay for
five years. r '
Now, when the Government is rich and pros-
perous and abundantly able to pay, the House
of Representatives, at least, have said:" We will
settle with these men fairly; we will credit them
for the sum they received as full pay for five
years, and if there be any of the half pay for life
due to any of them, we will pay that." 1 say
this is not a gratuity. There was a moral obli-
gation, a high obligation to satisfy this debt of
the Revolution. It was out of that we derived
our very being as an independent and sovereign
Government. We may well look back on all the
transactions of that day as somewhat more hal-
lowed than the ordinary transactions of life or
even the ordinary transactions of Government
It was a sacred generation; aday sacred to liberty.
Everything belonging to it ought to be sanctified
m our view and to our feelings.
This is the way in which I regard it. Standing
here and respecting the Constitution as much as
any one, and no more willing than another to
give away the public money, 1 fi;el that there is
in this transaction a moral obligation upon which
we are as fully authorized under the Constitution
to pay, as we are to pay any debt of the most
stuctly legal and technical character. Iam there-
fore for this bill. It embraces only those who
received the commutation of five years' full pay.
| 1 hey are known on the record. There can be
; no ambiguity, there can be no room for imposi-
| Hon, by means of fraudulent testimony. It is
on y to the descendants of those who ar'e on rec-
ord, and are named and ascertained, that any
payment can be made. I -think, therefore, my
friend from Michigan may dismiss some of the
feais with winch he regarded the necromancy
