1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
and wickgdness of these agents. They must find
the man's name on record, and all that remains
to be ascertained by testimony and inquiry is,
who are his children and grandchildren? The.y
and they alone are entitled.
If it is a debtj however, the gentleman asks, a
legal debt, whylimitand confine it to tho children
of the officer—why not let it go to his grandchil-
dren—why not to his great-grandchildren—why
not to all the generations that may have descended
from him, and why not also to collaterals ? Are
gentlemen opposed to this bill in this restricted
form ? Has the Senator from Michigan com-
plained of this bill because it does not enlarge the
evil of which he complains, by extending the
payment of this debt to remoter generations?
Does he not see that Congress has endeavored to
restrict this payment as much as possible ? If it
is a legal debt, why not pay it; why not let any-
body have it? It is not that; but it is a debt of
gratitude, he says. This seems to be very lofty;
but look further into the matter than the gentle-
man has done. Itis not a technical and legal debt.
It was extinguished as a legal obligation by the
acceptance of the commutation; but to those of
us who feel that a moral obligation remains to
make good to these soldiers the utmost farthing
to which they may be entitled afterwards, it is
not a mere gratuity, though it is no national debt.
It remains to us to decide how far we will go in
the performance of this obligation, no longer legal,
but which ia moral in its nature. It is for the
wisdom of Congress to act on that subject. It is
not in such a sense a debt that you are bound to
pay it to remoter generations, or executors, or
administrators. That rule applies only to legal
and technical debts. In your hands, who are
sovereign—in your hands, who cannot be com-
pelled to anything, if your sense of justice recog-
nize this as a moral obligation, you are by the
same moral law to consider what will be just, and
to what extent ought it equitably and justly to be
given to them. The further you go from the
man who performed the service, the more remote
the claim of the descendant becomes—the more
difficult it is to ascertain. This consideration
may well justify and authorize you to act now
•when you are fulfilling a mere moral obligation.
Of course, according to your own sense of justice
and equity, you can pay to whom you please.
You might say you would pay it to the survivors,
and only to the survivors of the officers; or you
might say that you would pay it to their children
or grandchildren; and you may limit your bounty
and your justice mingled together exactly as you
please. This is my view of the subject; and upon
this I am willing to vote for the bill. There is
nothing in the Constitution to prevent me.
Nor, if this claim is one morally binding, is
there anything in the objection which the gentle-
man from Michigan urges to give a little com-
plexion to his argument, that agents under this
law may commit frauds. I am sorry to under-
stand that my friend from Michigan is so much
incommoded and troubled by these agents. They
are at him, he says, constantly on this and other
subjects. ajp>ir, it has been my fortune to escape
them altogether. They do not come about me,
or attempt to influence me at all. I am sure,
if they have come around the honorable gentle-
man with any view to influence him, they have
failed of their purpose. After his speech of to-day,
I trust he will be placed in a perfect state of qui-
etude as regards them. They cannot commit
fraud, or if they can, is that any excuse to you
from discharging your moral obligations? I
apprehend not. An individual might as well
urge as a reason why he should not pay his pri-
vate debt, that lawyers or others, perhaps, still
make a profit out of it. It is no argument against
the claim. It is no argument against our action,
and I think we have little cause to apprehend, if
the apprehension could influence our votes on
this bill, the frauds even of claims agents, because,
as I said before, the claims can be paid to none
but to the descendants of those whose names are
recorded, and recorded in the very office to which
their applications for payment must be made.
This bill may not do all the justice that is due
from the Government. It may omit some that
ought to be included. It may include some that
ought to be excluded. All that is true. It does
not do full justice, but those embraced by it are
entitled, i hopo and trust if it shall be found
that those who are under the like obligation
have been to any extent omitted, we may supply
that omission by further legislation. I hope,
however, that this may be a final and conclusive
settlement. Eut whether it be or not, it is not
denied that these men are included in the res-
olutions %vhich promised the half pay for life,
although there is nobody else included. All of
them may not be, and many others might have
been entitled to be included that are not. As to
them, perhaps it would be a debt of mere grati-
tude; but those to whom the promise of the coun-
try was made, and who have not received its en-
tire fulfillment, though they may have accepted
an inadequate compensation as they supposed,
are entitled to it.
I beg gentlemen to recollect that it was under
a resolution of 1783 that this commutation of five
years' full pay was accepted; and it was ten
years from that time before the principal became
due. What was the condition of those certificates
during that time ? The country was under the
government of the Confederation, a weak and
feeble government, impoverished, without power
and without means. What was to be its destiny
the wisest men could not tell—the wisest could
not foresee; and the humblest and the most unin-
formed might well dread its termination—its
falling to pieces from mere inability and want of
cohesion at any time. They accepted these cer-
tificates payable ten years afterwards. Of credit
it had none. What was the value of a certificate
payable ten years afterwards, upon such a secur-
ity ? Could prompt payment be calculated upon
at the time it fell due ? Was it calculated upon,
or did these certificates depreciate to a mere nom-
inal value? They did so depreciate. What was
the needy soldier" to do ? He was no longer in
the army; his means consisted in his certificate,
perhaps nothing or little else. What was lie to
do with it, and what did he in point of fact do
with it? Nine out of ten sold these certificates
for a nominal price. They were afterwards funded
by the Government, to be sure, after the adoption
of the present Constitution; but during that term
of ten years they depreciated day by day, and
were sold for what the poor officer could get for
them.
Now, when we are enabled to look back on
that time, we see how the consideration we gave
for the half pay for life dwindled away to nothing
at all, turned to dust and ashes in the hands of
your officers, and fell into the clutches of spec-
ulators, who may have made something out of
them; and the officers, thus paid with a nominal
value, depreciating in their hands, actually sold
them comparatively for a trifle. Do not these
circumstances authorize and lequire us to look
back? Does not our morality require us to
inquire whether we ought to consider that officer
as fully paid ? The country knew his situation,
to be sure, and he knew of the country's situ-
ation; but when you look at the results of this
case, you will see that the five years' full pay to
most of these officers resulted in very little. They
had to sell it for what they could get. Their
daily necessities required it. This was their
condition, and this was the result of their com-
mutation. We may say they have been fully
paid. Yes, sir, in this sense they have been
fully paid. They received a nominal evidence
upon paper of a full equivalent—what they agreed
to accept as a full equivalent—but that equivalent
turned to little or nothing, so far as regards them.
Look, now, at the condition of the officer thus
placed, and see if he is not worthy of some little
consideration, and if we cannot, in our present
prosperity, and in our present plenty, (though
legally we are discharged,) in justice, and under
the Constitution, make to him some indemnity
for the loss sustained. I think so, and it is there-
fore that I shall vote for this bill. I shall do
more. I shall oppose every attempt to amend it.
I will take it as it is, with all its imperfections on
its head, because, in my humble judgment, it is
exposed to hazard if it is sent back to the House
of Representatives. Want of time will be more
fatal to it there than all the arguments employed
against its passage. I will submit it to no further
danger.
Mr. SEWARD. I^move that the Senate ad-
journ. ["Oh, no."] I would withdraw the mo-
tion if I had the least idea we could reach any
question. I am willing to try it.
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY.
Mr. SLirVKU,. I wish to make amotion at
the request of several of my friends who desine
to leave the city. I am not in that category.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will move that the further consider-
ation of this question be postponed until to-
morrow, and made the special order of the day
at one o'clock.
Mr. SLIDELL. My object was to move to
adjourn over from to-day until Friday, and from
Friday to Monday, to give a number of gentle-
men an opportunity to leave the city.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the honorable Senator
make his motion by common consent, ponding
this question.
Mr. SLIDELL. I make the motion that,
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet
on Friday; and, wlien it adjourns on Friday, it
be to meet on Monday, with the understanding
that no business will be transacted on Friday.
I know half a dozen Senators who are obliged
to leave the city.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 23, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. Is there a quorum
present ?
The SPEAKER. There are only eighty
members present, which is not a quorum. If,
however, there be no objection, the Clerk will
read the Journal of yesterday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The first rule of
the House is as follows:
" lie [the Speaker] shall take the chair everv day precisely
at the hour to which the House shall have "adjourned on
the preceding day, and shall immediately eall the members
to order; and, on the appearance of a quorum, shall cause
the Journal of the preceding day to be read."
Mr. ORR. I move that there be a call of the
House. By the time the Clerk has gone through
the roll call there will be a quorum present.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly called the roll; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Allen, Ball, Bell, Bingham, Boyce, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Caskie, Chngman, C-uHen, Damrell,
Davidson, Jacob O. Davis, Denver, De Witt, DovvdeJI,
Dunn, Edie, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Henry
M. Fuller, Grow, Sampson \V. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hickman, Valentine B. Horton, Jetvett, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kennett, Kidwell, JLindley, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, McMuNin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millvvard, Moore, Packer, Pearce, Porter, Reade, Ricaud,
Robison, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Stewart, Swope, Tnppe,
Valk, Wells, and Wood.
One hundred and seventy-two members having
answered to their names,
Mr. PHELPS moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
TARIFF.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in
order to be on the motion to refer ana print the
President's annual message.
Mr. LETCHER. It will be recollected that
at the last session of Congress, there was a ma-
jority report from the Committee of Ways and
Means on the subject of the tariff. I now pre-
sent an amendment to that majority bill in the
way of a substitute, and ask that it be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it a minority
report on that subject from the same commitree?
Mr. LETCHER. It is.
The report was received, and ordered to be
printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Treasury Department, transmitting a report to
the Superintendent, by the general disoursmg
agent, of the Coast Survey, showing the number
and names of the persons employed during the
last fiscal year, upon the work, and the business
