192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
connected therewith; the compensation received
by them, the nature of their operations, and the-
length of time employed, with a statement of all
expenses made during that year under the direc-
tion of the Superintendent, Professor Alex. D.
Bache.
Also, a communication from the same Depart,
ment, submitting the report made to the Depart-
ment by Professor A. D. Bache, Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, showing the progress of
that work during the year ending November 1,
1856, with the map prepared at the Coast Survey
office in accordance with the provision of the act
of Congress of March 3, 1853; which several
communications were laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. In reference to that last com-
munication, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury communicating the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, for the year 1856, in
addition to Uie usual number, be pnnted; six thousand for
the use of the members of the House, and the remainder for
distribution by the Coast Survey office; and that the same
be printed and bound with the plates in quarto form, and
that tiie puntiug of said plates be done to the satisfaction
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
The resolution was referred, under the rule, te
the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Clerk, containing a
detailed statement of the expenses of the House
of Representatives; which was laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make several re-
ports from the Committee of Ways and Means;
and 1 send to the Clerk's desk a bill making ap-
propriations for fortifications and other works of
defense, and for the repairs of barracks and
quarters, for the year ending the 30th June,
1858.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose the
Committee of Ways and Means have a right to
make reports of appropriation bills, because the
rule expressly requires them to report such bills
during the first thirty days of the session. If it
were not so, the gentleman from Ohio might
make objection.
The SPEAKER. The rule is as stated by the
gentleman from Tennessee; but 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not that
amount to making such reports privileged reports?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it does
not give the gentleman from Ohio the privilege
of making the report at any time.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to have it appear that
the Committee of Ways and Means are ready to
comply with the rule of the House; and if they
are prevented, it will be by the objection of the
member from Ohio.
Mr. ST ANTON. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask to have the
bill read for information.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish the gentleman from
Ohio to listen to me for a moment.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will listen to me afterwards, I will.
Mr. LETCHER. It is not proposed to act
upon all these reports from the Committee of
Ways and Means now, but only to refer and
print them.
Mr. SNEED. I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the
reading of the 79th rule.
The rule was read; and is as follows:
" It shall also be the duty of the Committee of Wavs and
Means, within thirty days after their appointment, at every
session of Congress, commencing on the first Monday of
December, to report the general appropriation bills—for the
civjl and diplomatic expenses of the Government; for the
Aimy; for the Navy; and for the Indian department and
Indian annuities; or, in failure thereof, the reasons of such
failure."
Mr. PHELPS. One member objects to reports
being made by the Committee of Ways and
Means. Now, I ask whether it is not proper for
the Committee of Ways and Means to report, as
the reason why they could not make their report
within thirty days after their appointment, that
the gentleman from Ohio objected?
Mr. STANTON. I object to this debate. I
am not willing to be placed in a false position by
the assertions of gentlemen upon this floor, when
I have not an opportunity to set myself right.
If I am permitted to reply, I will not object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Chair
decide that the committee cannot report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that, under the rule which has been read, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has not the privilege of making a report at any
time without the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say, with reference to
this appeal, that I think ths decision of the Chair
is correct; and for this reason: it is true, that the
Committee of Ways and Means are required to
report certain bills within thirty days after their
appointment, but there are other rules of the
House which direct how the committees shall be
called. The rules presuppose that the committees
will be called every day; and it is in consequence
of the practice of committees, when they are called
upon to make reports, of moving to put their bills
upon their passage, that business is blocked up,
and the call of committees every day is prevented.
But the rules, as I before said, contemplate that
the committees shall be called every day, and
therefore the rule directing the manner in which
committees shall be called must control. The
rules, therefore, do not give to the Qommittee of
Ways and Means the privilege of reporting at
any time, but they must do it in accordance with
the rules of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his appeal, I think we can
get at the business in some other way. If the
appeal is withdrawn, would it be in order to move
to postpone the consideration of the motion to
refer and print the President's message ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. HOUSTON. And if that were postponed,
the first business would be the call of committees
for reports ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio for the previous question must
be first disposed of before the committees can be
called. The Chair would suggest to the House,
that if the gentleman from Ohio has the right, at
this moment, to make a report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, he has the right to
demand action upon such report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is another
rule which requires such reports to have their first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. I move that the appeal be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw his appeal, in
order that I may withdraw the demand for the
previous question, and move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the motion in reference to
the President's message, with a view to have the
committees called for reports.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am satisfied that
I am right; but if the House think otherwise, let
them sustain the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. It has been suggested thatwe
can accomplish the object the gentleman from
Ohio has in view by postponing the consideration
of the President's message. I desire to inquire
whether, in the call of committees, the Chair is
not bound, under the rules, to commence where
he left off" last session; and whether there are not
reports of committees now pending in the House
which have first to be disposed of before any
other reports can be made ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that at the beginning of a new session the call of
committees should commence at the beginning
of the list, as they are arranged under the rules :
of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I desire to make another
inquiry of the Chair. I ask whether there are
not reports of committees now pending, leftover
as the unfinished business of the last session,
which rmist be first disposed of when committees
are called for reports
The SPEAKER. A report from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands was pending when the House
adjourned at the last session, which the Chair
will lay before the House whenever that commit-
tee is called in its regular order. The question
immediately before the House is the'motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Our,]
to lay on the table the appeal of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion. -e
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agi-eed to; and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
refer and print the President's annual message,
upon which the previous question had been de-
manded.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and propose
to postpone the further consideration of the mo-
tion to print the President's message until next
Tuesday, and I will very briefly state my reasons
for making the motion.
The Committee of Ways and Means are pre-
pared to report important appropriation bills,
which, under the rules of the House, they are
required to report Within the first thirty days of
the session; and it is important that they should
be reported at once. Again, it is important that
some of the appropriation bills already before the
committee should be acted on in the House, and
sent to the Senate. And again, I will state that
there is a bill before the Committee of Ways and
Means relating to the Texas debt, which, unless
it is passed, and becomes a law before the 1st of
January next, will be entirely inoperative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
inquire of the gentleman from Ohio whether he
proposes to put the latter bill named by him on
its passage at this time ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do propose to
put it upon its passage, for the reason that, unless
It is acted on before tlie 1st of January next, it
will fail to produce its desired effect. The House
will probably adjourn over Christmas; and it is
of the utmost importance, therefore, that the bill
should be disposed of to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only asked
for information. I desire to know further, what
time will probably be required for the Committee
ofWays and Means to dispose of their business,
after they shall have been called ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It will not, I
think, take more than an hour for the Committee
of Ways and Means to dispose of the business
now in their charge. I will state, in reference to
this Texas bill, that at the first session of this
Congress a joint resolution was passed extending
the time for the creditors of the State of Texas
to present the evidence of their claims to the
Department until the 1st of January next. And
it is provided, under this joint resolution, that so
much of the J7,750,000 as remains unpaid at that
time shall be paid to the claimants who have
already presented their claims. I understand
that there is a large amount.of that appropriation
yet unpaid. There is left about $400,000 of that
fund. Many of these claims are tied up by suits
in chancery, and others held by widows, ornhans,
and administrators, who have not Wn able to
present their claims; and consequefray, unless
this joint resolution is passed, money which is
honestly due to creditors of this class will be paid
over to those who have hitherto been paid in
part, having presented their claims. The Com-
mittee ofWays and Means are unanimous in the
opinion that this joint resolution ought to pass;
and it is with a view of arriving at a call of the
standing committees for reports, that I make this
motion to postpone. I suppose the House will,
on to-morrow, adjourn until Friday.
Mr. STANTON claimed the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this motion to postpone
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not to open the general
merits of the President's message ?
The SPEAKER. It is only debatable with
reference to the question of postponement.
Mr. STANTON. I do not propose to occupy
the time of the House for more than five minutes.
I have long been of the opinion that the rules of
the House under which we are acting are admi-
rably constructed to prevent the transaction of
any business whatever. The practical operation
of the rule is, that when a report is made in rela-
tion to any matter of pressing importance, it is
