THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C'. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 185S.
New Series. .. .No. 13.
paAocu. because every member abstains from
making any objection, and "thus matters of this
description are brought before the House, while
other business of equal importance and equal con-
sequence to the country is excluded under the
' rules. If business were transacted only under
the rules, I suppose nothing whatever would be
done.
Some gentlemen have said to me, that if the
rules could be carried out—if all these suspen-
sions of the rules by unanimous consent could
be gotten rid of, and we could go on regularly—
all the business before the House could be dis-
posed of. I have myself been disposed to try
that experiment. I have, at the suggestion of
various gentlemen, within the last week, called
for the regular order of business, and objected to
everything out of order. I am now engaged in
trying the experiment to ascertain whether any
business can be transacted under the rules. I am
entirely willing that this postponement should be
made. I am willing that the Committee of
Ways and Means should make their reports; but
what I ask is, that it shall be done under the
rules.
If, however, the House is disposed to go on as
it has done, and transact business by unanimous
consent, I shall not take the responsibility of
obstructing the business of the House by object-
ing. As 1 have remarked, my object is to test
the utility of the rules, and see whether they can
be carried out. But I am satisfied that no good
purpose can be accomplished in that direction so
long as business is transacted out of order by
unanimous consent. I am perfectly willing,
therefore, that the motion of my colleague shall
prevail. He seems to think that I have made this
objection from some personal consideration, and
he attempts to frown me down.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. My colleague is
much mistaken. I do not expect to frown him
down at all. I have no personal favors to ask of
him. I intend to make every effort for the faith-
ful discharge of my duty.
The SPEAKER., The conversation going on
between the gentlemen from Ohio is not in order.
It is out of order to refer to the motives of gen-
tlemen.
Mr. STANTON. I have nothing to say in
regard to what my colleague has said on that
subject. I am under as slender obligation to
him as he says he is to me; and I ask no favors
of him.
Mr. Speaker, I have interposed my objection
from my convictions of duty. I shall continue
to act on those convictions, whether my colleague
is pleased or not.
Mr. ORR. I was of the opinion at the outset
that the President's message ought to have been
referred Jo the Committee of the Wliole on the
etate of tfTu Union, and ordered to' be printed. I
think that that is the best direction to give it
now. It is the best way by which to put the
House in condition for the transaction of the
|>ublie business. If I call for the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer and print, it cuts off
the m«tion to postpone, and brings the House to
a direct vote on the pending question. If the
President s message be thus disposed of, the next
business m order will be the call on the standing
committees for reports. Under that call, thi
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
can submit his reports from that committee; and
if there are any gentlemen who desire to continue
the discussion on the President's message, they
can do so in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. So believing that what I
have suggested is the best course to be pursued
by the House under the circumstances in which
it is placed, I call for the previous question on
the motion to refer and print.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire of the
Speaker whether any member is entitled to
address the House on the motion to refer and
print the President's message ?
The SPEAKER. On the last day the subject
was under consideration, the gentleman from
13
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] signified a desire to
speak to it; but he is not entitled to the floor from
the fact that the call for the previous question was
pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was apprehensive that
some member had the floor on the motion to
refer and print, who might be unjustly deprived
of his right under the rules. If such were the
fact, and the discussion continued for an hour or
two, then the object sought to be accomplished
by the gentleman from Ohio would Be defeated.
■ The SPEAKER. No member is absolutely
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for tellers on
seconding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Flagler were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The President's
annual message presented at the early part of last
session is in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, yet unreferred. If gentlemen
wish to pile messages up there, then let them
do it.
The House refused to second the call for the
previous question; the tellers having reported—
ayes 64, noes 71.
The question then recurred on the motion to
postpone.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] to postpone the'further consideration
of the President's message until Tuesday next.
What is the competing propc^ition ? That we
shall go on and consume the time of the House
with what must be acknowledged to he irrelevant
debate; and yet the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. I
Stanton,] who objects to the proposition of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
alleges that he is in favor of observing the rules
of the House, although he has declared they
have been constructed for the purpose of obstruct-
ing the public business. I suggest to the gentle-
man that what is now proposed is in the regular
order of business.
Mr. STANTON. I am in favor of the motion
to postpone.
Mr. MILLSON. My chief object in rising is
to deprecate the continuance of the discussion on
the motion to refer and print the President's mes-
sage, by suggesting briefly a few simple facts,
which I trust I shall be able to communicate to
the House in the space of two minutes. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
suggests important reasons why this discussion
should be postponed. They are not merely tlje
necessity of making reports of appropriation bills,
but that the House may have an opportunity of
voting on a joint resolution from the Senate relating j
to the Texas debt, which, if not passed before the ;
first day of next month, it will be unnecessary to ;|
pass at all; and yet I understand objection is 'I
made to that postponement, although the refusal j
to postpone will only involve the continuance of
a profitless debate on the President's message,
and defeat the order of the House in reference to
important measures of legislation.
I trust, then, that considering the importance of
the question pending, the House will consent to
agree to the order asked for by the gentleman
from Ohio. I have myself invariably voted for
the previous question to terminate this debate,
but the House seems disposed to continue it.
But when the question is, whether this debate
shall continue, to theexclusion ofimportantques-
tions which must be decided, if decided at all,
before the first Monday of next month, I trust
the House will see that a refusal to postpone will
evince a disposition rather to refuse to transact
the business of the country, than to carry it on.
The question was then taken on the motion
made by Mr. Campbell; and it was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the motion to
refer and print the President's message was post-
poned until Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from standing committees, commencing
with the Committee of Elections.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. READY, it was
K\?rdtr%1' tThat le?ve be granted to withdraw from the
hies of the House the papers in the case of Nathan Coofc,
for tlxe purpose of lefereuce to the Post Office Department.
On motion of Mr. LAKE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from flie
files of the House the papers m the case of Thomas J.
Napier, for the purpose of ie-presentationand reference to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to state, jrith the
consent of the gentleman from Tennessee and
the House, that, had I been in the House yester-
day when the question was taken upon the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. H. Marshall,] in reference to the natu-
ralization laws, I should have voted for a suspen-
sion of the rules to allow it to be offered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, sun-
dry communications from the Departments, pre-
sented by him, were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole oa
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th of June, 1858; and
A bill making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs" of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending 30th
of June, 1858.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed hy
the Committee of Ways and Means to report
back Senate resolution (No. 23) to enable the Sec-
retary of State to pay certain clerks in the De-
partment of State the same compensation which
has been paid to clerks of the same grade in the
other Executive Departments. The object of th#
resolution has been accomplished in another way;
and therefore I move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TEXAS CREDITORS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported back Senate
resolution (No. 44) granting further time to tha
creditors of Texas to present their claims, and
for other purposes; and moved to put it upon its
passage.
Mr. PHELPS called for the reading of the
resolution.
The resolution, which was read, provides that
the time within which the creditors of the late
Republic of Texas may file their claims at the
Treasury Department be extended to the 1st of
January, 1858; and that so much of the joint
resolution extending the time for creditors of
Texas to present their claims, approved August
18, 185G, as authorizes and requires the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to distribute and pay the
residue of the $7,750,000 pro rata amongst those
creditors who have filed their claims, be repealed.
The question being on ordering the resolution
to be read a third time,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and® the
main question ordered to be put; and under tha
operation thereof, the resolution was ordered to
be read a third time, and was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr! CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
