194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
, and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union, with a view to take up the
Indian appropriation bill. If the House will
indulge me, I will state that there is one very
important reason why that bill should be speedily
acted upon. A very important treaty was made
with the Creek and Seminole Indians during the
last session of Congress. An appropriation bill,
for the purpose of carrying out the stipulations of
that treaty, passed the Senate, but failed in the
House.
The Committee of Ways and Means are not
entirely willing that these items of appropriation
shall be first inserted by the Senate, and have
therefore incorporated them in the regular Indian
bill. I learn that it is regarded as a matter of
great consequence by the Indian bureau that the
Government should speedily provide for the pay-
ment of the amount stipulated in the treaty to
which I have alluded. I hope, therefore, that
the House will consider this bill to-day, and send
it to the Senate; and with that view I move that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. QUITMAN. I object to the motion of
•the gentleman from Ohio, and hope that all the
standing committees of the House will be regu-
larly called for reports. They have not been
called during the present session. There are
matters as important, and, in my opinion, more
important, than anything connected with these
Indian treaties, which ought to be reported and
placed upon the Calendar for consideration with-
out delay.
Mr. MAXWELL. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi will withdraw his objection to the
. motion of the gentleman from Ohio. The gentle-
man is as well aware of the difficulties which have
come^upon the country from what is known as
the Florida war, as any other gentleman in this
House. He is also aware that, at the present
moment, we are still engaged in these difficulties,
and that it is a matter of great importance, not
only to the people of Florida, but to the people
of the whole country, that these difficulties should
be removed.
I will state that there is now a better prospect
for bringing to a close what is known as the
FJorida wax', than there has been for the last
twenty years. Under the treaty with those of
the Seminole Indians who have removed West,
we are to have a deputation from them to the
Seminoles in Florida; and with their knowledge
of the country, and the peculiar facility which
they possess^ for ferreting out the hiding-places
of these Indians, it is to be hoped that they will
prove more effective in their removal than the
Army of the United States has^ been. Itxis of
the utmost importance that these Indians should
be removed, and this war brought to a close.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Florida, that the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union is not debatable.
Mr. MAXWELL. I will close what I was
proceeding to say, by renewing my appeal to the
gentleman from Mississippi to withdraw his ob-
jection to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
suggest another reason why the gentleman from
Mississippi should withdraw his objection. The
Committee on Commerce is the next committee
to be called in the regular order, and although we
have much business before us, we are not yet
prepared to report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio being in
order, it is not the right of the gentleman from
Mississippi to object.
MrtQ,UITMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether the rules can be suspended on any
faTfteept Monday, if objection be made ?
The SPEAKER. The rules expre.ssly author-
ize the motion to suspend the rules to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to oe Made at any time.
Mr. dUITMAN. Then I have a word to gay,
if the House will permit me. I have a bill before
me, the failure to pass which will result in the
disbanding of the Army of the United States.
The object of the bill is to save the junior officers
of the Army from starvation. Unless this bill,
giving those junior officers additional compensa-
tion, be passed, they will be forced to disband. I
therefore regard this bill of more importance than
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to debate.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I wish to make" an
inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to debate.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.- The House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Winslow in the chair,) the business in order
being the message of the President of the United
States of the last session.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
Indian appropriation bill be taken up for consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose that
the first reading of the bill be dispensed with, and
that the Clerk proceed to read the bill by clauses
for amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make amotion,
then, to that effect.
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading of the
bill can be dispensed with only by unanimous
consent.
The bill was then read through.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
by clauses for amendment.
Mr. CAMPBI^L, of Ohio. I do not imagine
there is any necessity to have the bill again read
over. I therefore move that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. PRINGLE. I have an amendment to
offer when the particular clause to which it is
appropriate has been reached.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. ^ I move that the
committee do nowrise.with a view of terminating
debate on this bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I trust that debate on the
bill will not be terminated so suddenly.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I call for tellers on
the motion to rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb, of
Alabama, and Stranaiian, were appointed.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Winslow reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
a bill (H. R. No. 614) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending 30th of June, 1858, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the
adoption of the usual resolution, that debate be
closed on the Indian appropriation bill -within
five minutes after its consideration shall be again
resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
(Mr. Winslow in the chair,) and resumed the I
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill. I
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by clauses, !
for amendment. i
Mr. PRINGLE.
follows:
move an amendment, as
«,Clar?S<\" For the paymeT,t of tins amount per
capita to (lie Creek nation as annuity, ner sixth
treaty 7th August, 1856, $400,000," add'the following pro-
Provided, That no portion of this sum shall be appropria-
ted to pay or reward any agent, attorney, or other person,
for any service, or pretended service, in negotiating said
treaty.
The amendment explains itself, and renders any
remarks from me unnecessary. I ask that the
question be put to the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRINGLE. I offer the following amend-
ment with the knowledge and consent of several
members of the Committee of Ways and Means:
After the clause, " For the traveling and other expenses
of the members of the Creek and Seminole delegations
(including the agents and the interpreter for the latter) in
coming to Washington, remaining, and returning home, per
twenty-third article treaty 7th August, 1856, §11,000," add
a proviso as follows :
Pre,ride&, That all moneys appropriated for fulfilling trea-
ties with or concerning the Flonda Indians or Seminoles,
shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. ORR. Is not the Secretary of the Interior
the officer who now usually supervises such ex-
penditures?
Mr. PRINGLE. He is; but, inasmuch as
there is a dispute as to the jurisdiction of the
matter, I have deemed it best to move the pro-
viso.
Mr. PHELPS. After reflection, I am of opin-
ion that the amendment ought not to be adopted.
It is very true that the expenditures of the Indian
Departmentare now disbursed under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior; but at this time
there is an attempt to suppress Indian hostilities
centrated there, and it may be that, by the cooper-
in Florida. A number of troops have been con-
ation of the Secretary of War with the Secretary
of the Interior in the expenditure of this money,
the emigration of these Indians to the West may
be more easily accomplished, than if the whole
matter were left to the Secretary of the Interior.
In order that there may be this cooperation on
the part of those officers of the Government, I
think the amendment had better not be adopted.
Mr. PRINGLE. If this appropriation be made
with the proviso I have offered, I do not think
there will be any difficulty in the expenditure of
the money. I wish to prevent the appropriation
going under the control of the War Department.
The Indians are properly under the control of
the Secretary of the Interior, and I would not
like to see any infringement on the duties of that
officer.
Mr. PHELPS. I have this further suggestion
to make. This bill will not perhaps receive the
approval of the President until some time m the
month of February; and it may be that the appro-
priation under this head—" for Seminoles"—will
be expended under another Administration, and
probably under other executive officers than those
referred to.
Mr. PRINGLE. I do not refer to officers; I
wish the money disbursed under the supervision
of the Interior Department.
Mr. PHELPS. I have this further to say to
the House: here are §120,000 appropriated for
the expenses of the removal of the Seminoles in
Florida to their homes west of the Mississippi.
The amendment of the gentleman from New York
directs that that money should be expend under
the direction of the Interior Department. If I
am correctly informed of the operations which
are now going on to effect that removal, General
Harney is in command of the Army in Florida,
and a number of troops have been concentrated
there, not only for the purpose of suppaissing
Indian hostilities, but to enable General Harney
to collect together those Indians, if they will sig-
nify their willingness to emigrate. When col-
lected together, they are to be started forthwith
to their country west of the Mississippi; and if
expenditure shall be incurred by the command-
ing officer in Florida towards the removal of the
Indians, as well as for their subsistence after they
have been concentrated at one point preparatory
to their removal, I am willing, and I am sure my
friend from New York will be willing, that such
sum as is a proper charge for their subsistence
and removal shall be taken out of the money
which may belong to the Indians and is set apart
for the purpose of paying them, instead of having
that sum taken out of the general appropriation
made for the support of the Army.
Mr. MAXWELL. With a view of sayings
word only, I move to substitute " the Secretary
of War " in the place of " the Secretary of the
