1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m
of the Mint, with the approval of the Director
and the Secretary of the Treasury. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means prefer to make no
change of this law. Therefore, in the opinion
of the Committee on Ways and Means, the
section proposed to be stricken out is unneces-
sary, provision being already made by the law
of February, 1853.
Third am%ndment:
Strike out the following section:
Sec. 5. That from and after the passage of this act, the
standard weight of the cent coined at the Mint shall be
ninety-six grains or two-tenths of one ounce troy, with no
greater deviation than four grains in each piece; that said
cent shall be composed of copper, with an admixture, not
exceeding five per centum in weight, of metals which may
render it more suitable for the purposes of coinage, and of
such shape and device as may.be fixed by the Director of
the Mint, with the approbation of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
Sec, 5. Jind he it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorized, whenever he shall
deem it expedient, to issue his proclamation legalizing a
new cent piece, to be formed either by a reduction in the
weight of copper in the present cent, orof some other metal
or alloy, and of such weight, shape, and devices, as the
Director of the Mint, with the approbation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may recommend; and from and after such
proclamation, such pieces shall pass current as money, and
be a legal tender, at their nominal value, for sums not ex-
ceeding ten cents; and the coinage of the former cent and
half cent shall thereupon cease. .
Mr. PHELPS. The reason of the recom-
mendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means is this: at the time of the passage of the
bill of the Senate, experiments were still going
on at the Mint with reference to the portions of
the metals to be combined for this new cent coin.
I have on my desk, as I have already stated,
specimens of the coin as it would be under the
Senate bill, and as it is proposed to be under the
amendments of the Committee of Ways and
Means. The coin under the Senate bill is the
larger coin, and is but a slight change from the
present copper coin. The amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means is that the Pres-
ident of the United States shall have the right,
by his proclamation, to fix the kind of coin,
quantity of alloy, &e. Such a course was pur-
sued in 1796, under General Washington's ad-
ministration. The coin was then larger than it
is now, and it was subsequently reduced in size.
After the bill had passed the Senate, I had a
conversation with the Director of the Mint. He
informed me that additional experiments were
going on, and that he deemed it perhaps unwise to
adopt the kind of coin established by the Senate
bill. The results of these additional experiments
he said he would communicate to the Secretary
of the Treasury. I have in my possession his
letters on that subject. He prefers the coin pro-
vided for in the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means, to that of the Senate bill or the
present cent coin.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man propose to make the new cent coin a tender
in the payment of debts?
Mr. PHELPS. We do.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Where is the
authority on the part of the Government, or a
State, to make a copper coin a legal tender? If
the gentleman will permit me, I will move to
strike that portion of the bill out. The Consti-
tution says that the States shall make nothing
but gold and silver coin legal tender in payment
of debts.
Mr. PHELPS. I have this reply to make to
the gentleman from Tennessee. The Congress
of the United States has power to coin money
and to regulate the value thereof." That is one
of the specific grants. It has the power to reg-
ulate what shall and shall not be money, and
what shall and shall not be its value. The pro-
vision of the Constitution to which the gentleman
refers is a limitation on the power of a Sta'te.
It provides that "no State shall make anything
but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of
debts." We do not propose in this amendment
that these cent pieces shall be a legal tender above
the value of ten cents; and, if thegentleman from
Tennessee prefers to insert five cents, or three
cents, he can move such an amendment. I do
not think it material. I have no doubt of the
power of Congress to say that they shall be a
legal tender. When we first coined the three-
cent coin, it was but a token, a representative of 4
value, and it was not professed that they con-
tained silver to the amount of three cents; yet,
nevertheless, the Congress of the United States
made them a legal tender; and I presume the
gentleman from Tennessee voted for that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I never voted
for it.
Mr. PHELPS. The act of February, 1853,
debased the currency of the country; and the
coins issued from the Mint of the United States
under that act do not contain the intrinsic value
the coins which they profess to represent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And if the gen-
tleman will but reflcct a moment, he will recollect
that I opposed that debasing or depreciating- bill
inthe Committee of Ways and Means, and in
this House. I thought it was wrong then, and I
think it is wrong now.
Mr. PHELPS. I recollect well that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee did oppose that bill when
it was first started in "the uommittee of Ways
and Means; but I had the impression that he and
myself parted company upon that subject. But
I receive the gentleman's explanation with very
great pleasure, and only state the ground upon
which I was led into the mistake.
I ask the Clerk to report the next amendment.
The amendment was reported as follows:
Section 6, line two, before the word " Secretary," insert
the words " Director of the Mint, and with the approval of
theso as to make the section read:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Treasurer
of the Mint, under the instruction of the Director of the
Mint, and with the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, shall, from time to time, purchase from the bullion
fund of the Mint the materials necessary for the coinage of
such cent piece, and transfer the same to the proper
operative officers of the Mint, to be manufactured and
returned m coin. And the laws in force relating to the
Mint and the coinage of the precious metals, and in regard
to the sale and distribution of the copper coins, shall, so
far as applicable, be extended to the coinage herein pro-
vided for: Provided, That the net profits of said coinage,
ascertained in like manner as is prescribed in the second
section of this act, shall be transferred to the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri if he will admit my amend-
ment, to strike out so much of that section as
makes these copper coin a legal tender? I think
a one-cent violation of the Constitution is as
much a violation of the Constitution as a million
of dollars violation.
Mr. PHELPS. I deny that the provision is a
violation of the Constitution; but if the gentle-
man believes that it is, he, as a matter of course,
will oppose the bill.
The amendment which has just been read is
only designed to make the bill conform to exist-
ing law. Though merely an informal amend-
ment, it is nevertheless an important one.
The Clerk then reported the next amendment,
as follows:
Section seven, line two, after the word "exchange,"
strike out the words, " for the parts of the dollar, as afore-
said, at their nominal value of twenty-five, twelve and a
half, and six and one fourth centsand insert the words
" for any of the gold and silver coins of the United States
so as to make the clause read :
Sec. 7. %3.nd be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful to payout the said cent at the Mint m exchange for any
of the gold and silver coins of the United States."
Mr. PHELPS. The Senate bill provides that
the depreciated Spanish currency shall be received
at its nominal value in exchange for the new
cents—in other words, that those who carry this
depreciated foreign coin to the Mint, shall receive
their nominal value, whilst, if paid into the Treas-
ury, these coins shall be received at a rate twenty
per cent. less. The Committee of Ways and
Means thought that an unwise provision, and
recommend that it be stricken out.
The next amendment was reported as follows:
Strike out from the seventh section, '• Provided, however,
That m order to avoid the delay and expense of counting
such pieces when so offered for exchange, it shall be at the
discretion of the Director of the Mint to cause the purchase
to be made by weight of said parts of the dollar, or mixed
parcels thereof, and of the old cent pieces, at such prices
per ounce as mav be considered equivalent to the price by
tale herein authorized and insert:
And it shall be lawful also to transmit parcels of the said
cents, from time to time, to the assistant treasurers, depos-
itaries, or other officers of the United States, under gen-
eral regulations proposed by the Director of the Mint, and
approved by the Secrt^ry of the Treasury,
Mr. PHELPS. This amendment proposes to
strike out the proviso of the seventh section,
which provides that the coins thus presented to
be redeemed by the new coinage in cents, at their
nominal value, may be counted by tale. If the
first amendment to this section recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means, shall be
adopted, this second amendment follows as a
matter of course; for this proviso is dependent
upon the text of the Senate bill which is proposed
to be stricken out. The only reason why we
propose this amendment to the proviso, is to give
authority to the Director of the Mint to send these
cents out, in order that they maybe brought into
circulation. •
Mr. HAVEN. My friend from Missouri will
excuse me for making an inquiry upon a sub-
ject which may be of some importance in regard
to the currency. I have not had an opportunity
to look at the bill or the amendments, and all I
desire is to see that Uj£ commercial transactions
Jjf the country are pwperly protected.
In regard to the propriety of getting rid of these
Spanish coins, I presume there is no contrariety of
opinion in this House. But there is a section of
the bill which provides for repealing all existing
laws making any foreign com whatever a legal
tender. I think it is the fourth section, but I am
not certain. I am fearful that that will in alarge
measure unsettle some of the commercial trans-
actions of the country. If I recollect aright,
there is a provision of law fey which the " Napo-
leons" and " francs" of Prance and Belgium.are
made a legal tender, and I am not quite certain
but that the same is true of the "roubles" of
Russia. It is true, this bill looks somewhat to a
prospective remedy. It provides that the Director
of the Mint, or the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall take means to ascertain what tfce true com-
mercial value of this foreign coinage is. It seems
to me that it would be wise and discreet to leave
these foreign coins a legal tender as they now are,
for a year or two, and let the Secretary of the
Treasury, or the Director of the Mint, in the mean
time, obtain the necessary information, and then
base our legislation upon that information. Still
there may be an explanation in regard to it which
will obviate any opinion now suggested. But
it strikes me that the change now proposed may
work injury or inconvenience. /
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from New
York is mistaken in the supposition that these
foreign coins are a legal tender. There may, per-
haps, be one or two descriptions of foreign coins
which are a legal tender; but I am not prepared
to admit even that. I recollect very well, from a
conversation I had with him, that the Director of
the Mint was of opinion that there was no law
which authorized any foreign coin to .be a legal
tender. They are receivable at their current value.
So far as my examination of the subject is con-
cerned, I could find but one or two foreign coins
which, in my opinion, are now a legal tender by
the laws of the United States. In fact, it is the
opinion ofothergentlemen, who have given atten-
tion to the subject, that there are no foreign coins
now a legal tender in pursuance of any law of
the United States.
I am, therefore, desirous, as we are coining
large amounts of money, that this shall be de-
clared by the law, so that, instead of seeing our
eagles and double eagles exported from the Uni-
ted States, we should induce those persons en-
gaged in the exportation of money to seek foreign
coin for that purpose. In England, if you send
the gold coin of the United States to the Mint,
you will find that it is not worth as much as the
same value of pure gold would be in the bar.
Mr. READY. This is a very important bill;
and it has been sprung upon the House without
their having any opportunity to obtain such
information as I think is necessary to proper
action upon it. I am myself disposed to look
favorably upon the bill, and I think I shall sup-
port it; but really I feel unprepared to support
it and act upon it now, as understanding]/ as I
always like to do when I am called upon to act
upon so important a subject. I hope, therefore,
the gentleman will allow the bill to be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and be printed. Gentlemen will then
have an opportunity to examine this subject, and
come to a vote upon it with a full knowledge of
what they are domg. It can then be disposed of
without any unnecessary or mischievous delay.
Mr. PHELPS. I would be glad to gratify the
gentleman from Tennessee, but he knows that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the _
