2Q0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
♦-has already decided that such motion is not
amendable.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the motion? being one that maybe repeated an
indefinite number of times, ought not to be amend-
able. The Ghair, however, understands that the
practice of the House has been otherwise, and
therefore-decides the amendment to be in order.
Mr. GROW. Is not next Friday objection
day?
The SPEAKER. -It is.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope the House will not
adjourn until Saturday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was takq^; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 79; as follows: %
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenion, Buffinton, Burhn-
garae, Cavuthcrs, Chaffee, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covodc, Cragin, Crawford,
Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dodd, Ethendge,
Flagler, Foster, Galloway, Giddmga, Grader, Grow, Robcit
U. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, HerbCTt, Hodges, Hollo-
way, Thomas R. H or ton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,
Jewett, Kelsey, King, Kimpp, Knovvlion, Leiter, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, McCaity, Killian Miller 3
Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Moidecai Oliver, Paine, Parker,
Peck, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Puryear, Roberts, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sheinian, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
JSnecd, Stanton, Stephens, Sfowaif, Svvope, Tappan,
Tiioungton, Trafton, Vail, Wade, Walbridgc, Warnei, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Wat-
•aon, Welch, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, and Woodworth
—97.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Bali, Henry Bennett, Branch,
Brooks, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie,
Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Coming Co\\ Oratge,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dick, Dickson,
Durfee, ftdie, Edwards, Emrie, Eusus, Evans, Florence,
Garnett, Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood^ Augustus Hall, Samp-
son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Hughston,
George W. Jones, Kelly, Knight, Knox, Mace, Maxwell,
McMullin, Smith Miller, Millson, Millward, Mooie, Mott,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Pearco, IVlton, Pettit, Phelps
Powell, Pnngle, Quitman, Ready, Ritchie, "Robbins, Robi-
eon, Samlidge, Savage, William Smiili, William K. Smith,
S5pmnor, Stninahun,'Taylor,Thurston, Tnppe, Underwood,
Wakemun, Waldion, Walker,Eliihu B. Washburne, Whit-
ney, Winslow, Daniel B. Wiight, and Zollicoftcr—79.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Smith's motion
as amended.
Mr. RITCHIE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Moesrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Baibour,
Barclay, HendieyS. Bennett, BiHiughuist, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brcriton, Bullinton, Buiimgame, James II. Campbell, Ca-
mbers, Caskie, Chaffee, dawson, Clingman, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Col;h-«, Covode, Ora«m,
Crawford, Cumback, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Ether-
idge, Eustis, Flagler, Fostei, Galloway, (iainett, Guidmgs,
Goode, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hainson, Haven,
Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. IIoi ton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Howard, Kelly, Kclsey, King, Kuapp, Leitci, Jjctcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Ifdlian Miller, Million,
Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Paine,
Parker, Peck, Phelps, Pringle, Puryear, Roberts, Sabm,
Sage, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed,
Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, Tappan, Thurston,
Vail, Wade, Walbndge, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burrie, Israel Washburn, Watknis, Welch, Wells, Wil-
liams, Winslow, Woodruff, and Woodworth—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Barksdale, Benson, Branch,
Brooks, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayaid Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Comins, Craige, Cullen, Denver, Durfee, Edic, Edward?,
Emrie, Florence, Gilbert, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Houston,
Hughston, George W. Jones, Knight, Knovvlion, Knox,
LindJey, Mace, Alexander K.Marshall, Maxwell, McCartv.
McMullin, Smith Miller, Millward, Mott, Andrew Oliver
Orr, Pelton, Perry, Quitman, Ready, Ritchie, Robbins
Sandidge, Sapp, William R. Smith, Spinnei, Talbott, Tay
for, Thorington, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Wal-
dron, Walker. Elhhu B. Washburne, Watson, Whitney.
Daniel B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—64.
So the motion as amended was agreed to.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF CONGRESS,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported baclc a bill
(H. R. No. 608) to regulate the disbursements of 1
the contingent expenses of Congress, with an
amendment. Mr. C. asked that the bill should
be put upon its passage, and demanded the pre-
vious question.
The bill provides that all moneys appropriated
for the contingent expenses of the Senate or
House of Representatives shall be disbursed by
me Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House, respectively, upon accounts which shall
have been examined and approved bv the com-
mittees appointed for such purpose by the re-
spective Houses, and certified by the chairman
of such committee, and not otherwise; and such
accounts, when so approved and certified, shall
be admitted and passed by the accounting officers
of the Treasury.
'The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was reported, and is as follows:
Aud it shall be the duty of the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle the said accounts of the Secretary of the
Senate and of the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
respectively, at the end of each and cveiy quarter during
the sessions of Congress: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall authorize the payment of any money under
the resolution of the House of Representatives of July 7,
1856, directing the Clerk to furnish and deliver to each of
the members and Delegates of the House of the present
Congress certain books, until an appropriation shall have
been made specifically for that purpose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his call for the previous question.
I wish to know the reasons for the passage of
this bill. I desire that all the guards thrown
about the disbursement of the contingent expenses
of Congress shall be still retained. We have
heretofore got along pretty well. A bill came
here from the Senate, some two or three years
ago, proposing to put the accounts of that body
on the same footing that they are, I imagine, put
upon by this bill. I opposed that bill then, and
it was rejected by the House by a decisive ma-
jority. Now, unless there is some pressing
necessity for so doing, I do not wish to increase
the facilities for expending the contingent funds
of the Houses of Congress. If the gentleman,
therefore, does not present urgent reasons for the
passage of the bill he has just reported, I shall
be compelled to vote against it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, .of Ohio. The inquiry of
the gentleman from North Carolina would seem
to imply that there is a want of integrity on the
part of the Committee of Accounts of this House,
but I do not suppose that such was the gentle-
man's intention.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know how the
gentleman can put that construction on my re-
marks. I said that we had got along for a great
many years in a certain way; and inquired the
reason for the removal of any of the present
restriction on the disbursement of the contingent
funds of the two Houses of Congress? Why
change what we have got along with so satisfac-
torily heretofore ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. By a rule of the
House, as I explained the other morning when
this bill was reported, the disbursing officer of
the contingent fund is authorized only to lay out
that fund upon the certificates of the chairman of
the Committee of Accounts. I understand that the
Comptroller of the Treasury does not recognize
the rule of this House as a law of Congress.
Difficulties have arisen, or are likely to arise, in
regard to it. This bill simply proposes that the
respective Committees on Accounts of the Senate
and the House of Representatives shall audit the
accounts of the respective bodies to be disbursed
from the contingent fund; and that upon their
certificate the Clerk shall make payment—in fine,
that that certificate shall be received at the Treas-
ury. There can certainly'be no impropriety in
this.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Are there any rules in
force E4 the Treasury now which were not here-
tofore in force r Some reply in the affirmative, and
others in the negative. I beg leave to say that
during the last Congress the House, after a little
discussion, rejected a bill similar to this, for the
benefit of the Senate only. Now, while 1 make
no question as to the honesty of our officers, X do
not see why we should trust them any further
now than we have done before.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 do not see any
force in the allusion of the gentleman to the bill
rejected during the last Congress. This bill sim-
ply proposes that the vouchers of the disbursing
officers, with the sanction of the certificates of the
Committee on Accounts, shall be received by the
Treasury Department. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw the call for the previous
question. Let us investigate this bill in the
House. If it is all right, it has nothing to fear
from discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In reply to the
appeal of the gentleman from Tennessee, I will
say, that this bill was reported several days ago;
and upon the application of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] late chairman of the
Committee of Ways and 'Means, it was post-
poned, and ordered to be printed, in order that
gentlemen might have an opportunity of exam-
ining it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But I would ask
the gentleman what good the printing of a bill
can do, if we are cut off from saying one word
about it by the previous question ? Let us have
an opportunity to get at the merits of this bill,
and show whether there is any necessity for it. I
take it upon myself to say, that it is a bill which
cannot stand investigation, for, in my opinion, it
is one to relieve the disbursing officer of this
House from all control of the accounting officers
of the Treasury.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I insist upon my
call for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means* withdraw his
call for the previous question, and let gentlemen
have an opportunity to assail this bill, if they
choose ? I am confident that this bill can stand
scrutiny, and I want gentlemen to haye an oppor-
tunity to test it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I suggest to my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means
to move to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that
it may be kept before the House and discussed.
Like the gentleman from Virginia, I am willing
to discuss this bill—I am willing that it should
be open for investigation and amendment; and,
therefore, I make the suggestion to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I fear that were
I to adopt the suggestion of my colleague it would
result in the defeat of this bill. I know that the
merits of this bill will bear investigation and
the most careful scrutiny. The Committee of
Ways and Means were, I believe, unanimous in
agreeing to the report. As the effect of adopting
the suggestion of the gentleman from Georgia
would probably be to defeat the bill, I must
decline to withdraw my demand for the. previous
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I hope the bill will
be laid upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his motion to
lay the bill upon the table, and let us see if we
cannot defeat the demand for the previous ques-
tion. He can afterwards renew it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers upon the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw my
demand for the previous question; and in accord-
ance with the appeal made to me by the gentle-
men from Georgia and Virginia, I will move to
recommit this bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and that it be printed; and upon that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I movetolaythe
bill upon the table.
Mr. ORR. Did not the gentleman from Ohio
withdraw the demand for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. He did, but renewed it.
Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
the previous question upon the motion to recom-
mit ?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House first
to a vote upon the motion to recommit to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and then upon
the bill. r
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow the House to have an opportunity to
vote upon a motion to commit this bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union? 1 think the bill ought to go there. We
are proposing to change a law which has existed
since 1789, passed by men as pure and as good
as we are; and £ hope the gentleman will allow
the House to have some opportunity to investi-
gate it, either here or in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It has been
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, but the bill cannot be
