1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
examined until an opportunity is given to the
House to canvass opinions together.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is itin order
to move that the rules be suspended,and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr? WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
House were to resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole upon the state of the Union, would
not the motion of the gentleman from Ohio be
first in order when the committees are next called
for reports? «
The SPEAKER. It would be the first thing
in order at the next session of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
submit the motion I have indicated.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. GoODE and
Galloway were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to inquire whether
this bill, as it nowstands befere the House, cannot
be' discussed and examined here ? The previous
question has been withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
renewed the demand for the previous question
upon the motion to recommit.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, in o.rderto take up some of the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means if his object in calling the previous ques-
tion is simply to keep the bill before the House ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That is the only
object of it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The motion to re-
commit the bill keeps it before the House, as I
understand it, and therefore, if he withdraws the
demand for the previous question, there will be
no difficulty about the matter, and gentlemen can
discuss it now,- or we can go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and dis-
cuss it hereafter. The whole difficulty arises
from making the call for the previous question,
which is unnecessary for the purpose for which
it is made. I suggest that the gentleman with-
draw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that, if the call for the previous question is sus-
tained, it will bring the House' to a vote upon the
motion to recommit, and then upon the bill itself.
The motion to recommit alone will bring the bill
up in order during the mornin^hour of the next
session of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee withdraw the motion to lay the bill
upon the table ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee* I will withdraw
it; but when the bill comes up again the gentle-
man from Ohio will have the floor, and will again
demand the previous question, and thusall debate
will be cut off.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will be considered, by general
consent, as entitled to the floor when this ques-
tion comes up again. There is no disposition
upon the part of the Committee of Ways and
Means to avoid discussion of this bill. I trust
that the gentleman will be considered as entitled
to the floor upon the motion to recommit, and
that will be a guarantee that there will be discus-
sion upon the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope this bill will be
referred back to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to report to this House
the existing law upon the subject, the evil arising
under it, and the remedy which is proposed.
Let us have the facts.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no inter-
est in this matter, except to see what is right
done. I hope the bill will be referred to the
Treasury Department to ascertain what, in their
opinion, will be the effect of its passage.
Mr. ORR. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved) That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, requested to communicate to this House the de-
cision of the First Comptroller of the Treasury upon the
claim of the employes of the House to extra compensation
under the resolution of this House of the first session of
this Congress.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Camp-
bell's motion; and being taken, the motion was
agreed to. §,
Soothe rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Sapp
in the chair.)
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
Government for the year ending June 30,1858,
be taken up for consideration.
The motion Was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, asked that the
first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. EDIE objected.
The Clerk then commenced the reading of the
bill, but before he had finished,
Mr. FLORENCE said: Mr. Chairman, these
names are entirely too hard to be considered by
so thin a House as this. I move that the House
adjourn. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in
order in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move, then, that the
committee take a recess until Tuesday next.
[Renewed laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in
order.
The Clerk then concluded the first reading of
the bill.
Mr. HERBERT addressed the committee at
length in defense of the bill, introduced by him
at the first session of the present Congress, to
expedite the settlement of land claims in Califor-
nia. He replied to the positions assumed by his
colleague [Mr. Denver] in opposition to the bill,
and contended that had it passed it would have
afforded speedy justice to claimants under-Mex-
ican and Spanish grants. The speech will be
found in the Appendix.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
several verbal amendments to the pending bill.
Mr. ORR. There is no quorum present.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, and cannot consent to its being
taken out of the Committee of the Whole at this
time. I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Sapp reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly a bill (H. R No. 607) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1858, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF CONGRESS 
AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. A resolution was
passed this morning, on motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] calling for in-
formation relative to the disbursements of the
contingent funds of both Houses of Congress. I
beg leave to offer the following amendment as an
addition to that resolution;
And that the Attorney General be requested to furnish
this House with his opinion on the said, claim under the
said resolution, and the law making an appropriation at the
same session to enable tlic Clerk to comply therewith.
Mr. ORR. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. CHAPMAN, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced bills
of the following titles; which were severally read
a first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill to establish the officc of surveyor gen-
eral of Nebraska, and for the relief of settlers on
school lands in the Territory of Nebraska, and
granting khds for a Uhivei-sit^ therein, and for
other purposes. Referred to the CbrtiimtteD oti
Public Lands.
A bill to establish ian additional land district In
the Territory of Nebraska. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
ing to said Territory the square on which Said
Capitol building is being erected, and the othfei"
public grounds in said city, and for other pur-
poses. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill for the construction of a road in the "Ter-
ritory of Nebraska. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. RICE, by unanimous consent, and in pur-
suance of previous ncmce, introduced bills of
the following titles; which were severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill to authorize the people of the Tertitory
of Minnesota to form a constitution and State
government, preparatory to their admission into
the Union on "equal footing with the originU
States. Referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
A bill authorizing the establishment of coUnty
courts in the Territory of Minnesota. Refefrea
to the Conimittee on the Judiciary.
A bill to create the office of surveyor general
of public lands in the Territory of Minnesota.'
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DENVER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution in relation to the accoufits
of Clinton Benham and David F. Douglass; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OP CONGRESS 
AGAIN.
Mr. MILLSON. The House, a few moments
ago, adopted, on motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] an amendment to the
resolution of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] which was adopted this morning.
At that time I supposed that the Attorney General
had given an ophiion on the question, and that
the House was merely calling for that informa-
tion. I am now informed that the Attorney
General has given no opinion on the subject,
and this call seeks to place the House in what I
regard the humiliating attitude of calling upon
the Attorney General to pronounce an opinion
upon the construction of one of our own resolu-
tions. I am not willing to do that; and therefore
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
agreed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
Mr. MILLSON. I think it hardly respectful
to call upon the Attorney General 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understood the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to
adopt my amendment as a part of the original
resolution, by common consent. I think there is
as much propriety in asking the opinion of the
Attorney General, as in asking the opinion of
any other officer; and if the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia is merely to reconsider the
vote by which my amendment was adopted, I
must move to reconsider the vote by which the
original resolution was adopted.
Mr. AKERS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ORR. I was desirous of getting the
information. I wanted the decision of the First
Comptroller of the Treasury. The resolution
was adopted. The gentleman from Ohio desired
additional information. I had no objection, nor
have I any, to getting information from any
source. I do not know that it is usual to can
upon the Attorney General f<^§ opinions. I have
no sort of objection to the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio; but I am desirous that the
House shall act upon the motion of the gentlemaii
from Ohio, for the reason that the bill which has
i been reported will soon be before the House
S again for action; and I Want that, information
1 before the House when we are called upon again
! to act. If the motion to reconsider is now en-
I tered, but not acted o , we shall not have that
• informafion.
