202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
Mr. MILLSON. It is hardly necessary for
me to say that it is from no disposition not to
receive the opinion of the Attorney General upon
the subject, that I have interposed my objection.
I attach importance to the views of the Attorney
General. I made the objection because I thought
we were not doing justice to him, regarding him
in a proper relation to the House, or doing justice
to the dignity of the House, in calling upon him
foran opinion. We have no right to ask him for
an opinion at all; and if we have 
Mr. AKERS. I desire to know what becomes
of my motion to adjourn ?
Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
an adjournment upon the resolution of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina ?
• The SPEAKER. It is pending upon a motion
to reconsider. 9
Mr. STANTON. Does the motion to recon-
sider apply to the resolution of the gentleman
from South Carolina, as well as to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio?
The SPEAKER. To the whole resolution.
Mr. MILLSON. As the motion to reconsider
can be made at asubsequent sessi(p ofthe House,
and as I have indicated the suggestions I desired
to make, ill order to call the attention of the
House to the subject of a departure fromits usual
course, I will withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I withdraw
my motion to reconsider.
. The question was taken on Mr. Akers's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
throe o'clock and twenty minutes) the House ad
journed until Friday next.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 26, I85G.
Hon. Join* Bell, of Tennessee, appeared in his
seat to-ilay.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen- P. Hill.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cui.lom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution:
Joint resolution (S. No. 44) granting further
time to the creditors of Texas to present their
claims, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 614) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending 30tli of June, 1858;
A bill (H. R. No. 581) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1858; and
A bill (II. R. No. 582) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1858.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, an estimate of the cost of extending
the United States arsenal at Fayetteville, North
Carolina; which was read, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, copies of
all letters from Colonel E. V. Sumner to the War
Department, or to Governor Shannon, relative
to Kansas affairs, not heretofore communicated;
which was read, and, on the motion of Mr.
Dodge, ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
HARBOR OF DUBUQUE.
Mr. JONES, otlowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Remised, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate any reports, estimates, and
information which may have been communicated to the
War Department, or Topographical Bureau, from Colonel
b. H. Long, late superintendent of western river and har-
bor improvement?, or by the agents in charge thereof, in
relation to the Des Moines and Jlock river rapids, and the
harbor at Dubuque^ Iowa.
"WRECKS ON THE COAST OF NEW JERSEY.
Mr.THOMSON, of New Jersey,submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to report to this body, whether more efficient means cannot
be devised than are now provided for the preservation of
the lives of seamen and passengers wrecked on the coast
of New Jersey and Long Island; and also whether, in his
opinion, pensions should not be granted |p the families of
such persons as lose their lives in endeavoring to rescue
the lives of others shipwrecked on our coast.
PETITION.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of Neal
Smith, administrator of Arthur Sizemore, and of
John Semi, alias Semmance or Semoice, friendly
Creek Indians, praying indemnity for spoliations
committed upon their property by hostile Creeks
in 1813 and 1814; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further morning business the special orders of
the day will be taken up. The first resolution
in order is the resolution submitted by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to print the
report of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that that resolution
may be permitted to lie on the table for the pres-
ent, as I have not yet received the estimate of the
cost of printing.
The resolution was passed over accordingly.
PRINTING OF SENATE DOCUMENTS.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution submitted
by Mr. Fitzpatrick on the 15th of December,
respecting the number of copies of the Journal,
executive and miscellaneous documents, and
reports of committees, to be printed for the Senate,
reported it without amendment.
The PRESIDENT stated the question to be
on concurring in the report of the committee.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, permit me to re-
mark that, when the Senate adjourned on Tues-
day, it was with the general understanding that
no business would be done to-day, I therefore
question the expediency of the course which the
Senate is pursuing.
Mr. RUSK. As the Senator rose, I also took
the floor for the purpose of moving an adjourn-
ment to Monday next.
Mr. JOHNSON. I concur with the Senators
in their understanding of the intention of the Sen-
ate on that subject,and I have no desire to violate
it; but this is a matter which is connected with
the business of the Senate to which there can be
no objection. The resolution which I have re-
ported proposes to fix the usual number of bills
and documents printed for the use of the Senate
at fourteen hundred and twenty. Hitherto the
number has been fourteen hundred; but it fre-
quently happens that Senators require a larger
number of interesting documents, and the addi-
tion of twenty, which will be ordered by the
adoption of this resolution, it is believed will be
sufficient to meet the extraordinary demands.
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The three general appropriation bills received
this morning from the House of Representatives,
making appropriations for the next fiscal year
for the Indian department, the Military Acad-
emy, and invalid pensions, were severally read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
TEXAS DEBT BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives,by Mr. Cullom, theirClerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed an enrolled
joint resolution (S. No. 44) granting further time
to the creditors of Texas to present their claims ,
and for other purposes; and it was then signed
by the President pro tempore.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY".
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the Senator
from Texas desires to make a motion: if not, I
will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. RUSK. I move that when the Senate
adjourns, it be to Monday next.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to inquire what
is the record of Tuesday last in relation to the
adjournment? I understand it was to adjourn
over from Tuesday to to-day, and then to adjourn
over to Monday next. If that be so, I wish to
raise a question of order upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. TheSecretary
will read it.
The Secretary read from the Journal of Tues-
day last, as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Slidell, it was
" Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn, it be to Friday
next; and when the Senate adjourn on Friday, it be to Mon-
day next."
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
a resolution passed at our last sitting to adjourn
from this day to Monday next, is binding on the
Senate now ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that a resolution to adjourn for more
than three days is of no binding force, and that it
is within the power of the Senate to proceed to-
day with business, if it thinks proper.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is my opinion that such
a record as that which has been read should not
be permitted to remain on the Journal. Inasmuch
as it is an evasion of the Constitution, it is in-
operative on the Senate; it has no binding force;
and therefore I move to correct the Journal; and
I wish to protest against such a practice.
Mr. ADAMS. I concur with the Senator
from Vermont in the views which he has ex-
pressed as to the practice of adopting such orders
in advance; but I question the propriety of the
mode which he suggests to get at a remedy. It is
not too late to move to reconsider the vote adopting
the order to which the honorable Senator objects.
Mr. COLLAMER. If there be any embar-
rassment m pursuing the course which I have
suggested, I will adopt the Senator's suggestion,
and move a reconsideration.
Mr. ADAMS. As it is believed that the order
which has been read is not binding on the Senate
to-day, it may be reconsidered, and then so
changed and adopted as to make it conform to
the understanding of the Senate at its adjourn-
ment on Tuesday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that the diffi-
culty is not so great as Senators seem to imagine
The Senate has fixed its time of meeting at twelve
o'clock each day; and cannot we also make a per-
manent order by which the Senate may adjourn
for two days at a time? We have as much power
to adjourn for two days as we have to adjourn
for twelve hours. . It l's certainly in the power of
the Senate to reconsider the order which has been
passed",andgo on with the business of the Senate;
but I see no constitutional difficulty in the way
to prevent an adjournment to Monday under the
existing order. We may provide by our rules
for adjournments three days at a time, and there-
fore we certainly have the power in this manner
to adjourn to Monday.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offered the resolution which
is now the subject of discussion, and I offered it
in conformity with what I believed to be the
established usage of the Senate. I do not know
how far back the practice dates, but we all know
that it was twice pursued during the first session
of the present Congress. By reference to the
Journal, it will be found that some time m or
about the month of May, the Senate adjourned
from Monday to Thursday, and again from Thurs-
day to Monday. Provision was made in advance
for two or three consecutive adjournments, be-
cause some members of the Senate wore called to
Cincinnati to attend the Democratic presidential
nominating Convention. The same practice was
pursued for the accommodation of gentlemen who
desired to attend the Philadelphia Convention.
I would not have offered the resolution which
I submitted on Tuesday if I had not supposed
that it was in strict conformity with the usage of
the Senate. I did not hear all that was said by
the Senator from Vermont, as I arrived in the
' Chamber while he was speaking; but I cannot
j see any force in his constitutional objections,
j We agreed on Tuesday last to meet on Friday;
and if there is any urgency that makes it neces-
1 sary to transact business to-day, I suppose the
Senate would not hesitate to do it. But if there
be no urgent, important business to be done, I
cannot see why tne Journal should be corrected.
There are some twenty Senators absent who did
not expect that any business would be done
to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. I agree that we cannot ad-
