1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
iourn constitutionally for more than three days
at one time; and I agree also, that it is an adjourn-
ment practically for more than three days, if on
Tuesday we pass a resolution to adjourn to Fri-
day, and that on Friday we will do no business,
but adjourn to Monday.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is-not the wording of
the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. Such a resolution would be
an evasion of the Constitution, and in that form
would be objectio.nable; but as the resolution
stands it is this—that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Friday, and when the
Senate adjourns on Friday it be to Monday. Ill
that simple way of presenting the proposition it
does seem to mc that it is not liable to serious
objection.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fifth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution provides
that—
"Neither House, during the session of Congress, shall,
without the consent of the other, adjourn for more than
three days/'
It has been the practice of the Senate to make
orders similar to the one which was adopted on
Tuesday last. On Thursday, the 29th of May
last, the Senate adopted the following:
"Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to
Monday next; and that, when the Senate adjourns on
Monday next, it be to the Thursday following."
On Monday, June 2, 185Q, the Senate adopted
the following:
<<Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns on Thurs-
day, it adjourn to Monday next."
This is the first legislative day since the Senate
passed the order to adjourn to Monday next, and
that order may now be reconsidered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would prefer to recon-
sider, and then change the resolution, for 1 do
think it violates both the letter and the spirit of
the Constitution. The object of the Constitu-
tion is obvious; it is that we should remain in
session attending to the public business. If we
can agree to adjourn from Tuesday to Friday,
and then from Friday to Monday, the Senate
may make it practically an adjournment for six
months, without the consent of the other House.
I think we had better be right on the record.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
if we can reconsider a motion to adjourn after it
has been acted upon ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of the Senate to reconsider within two
legislative days.
Mr. SEWARD. I would suggest to the Senate
whether we should press tins question to a
division at this time, or whether we should leave
it until those who are absent and who are inter-
ested in it shall have returned ? If we come to a
division now, we may, I understand, find our-
selves without a quorum. I suggest to the mover
to let it lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on the motion, and announced that it appeared
to be carried.
Mr. HALE called for a division.
Mr. RUSK. I presume the Senator from New
Hampshire does not desire that the Senate shall
go on with business.
Mr. HALE. I desire to carry out that which
was the understanding of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. ' I have no difficulty about the
order on the minutes; but by reconsidering it we
can meet the constitutional scruples of Senators,
and then pass a resolution to adjourn to Monday,
when the absent Senators can return.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I propose, as the motion to
reconsider has been made, and as it has been sug-
gested that it would be inexpedient to dispose of
it now, that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to Tuesday next.
Mr. EVANS. Say Monday.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, Tuesday, for then an-
other motion will carry us over New Year's day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned to Tuesday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 26, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Wai.do.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the reception of reports of private
bills from the standing committees.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the De-
partment of State, transmitting a copy of a letter
from the surveyor to the commission under the
reciprocity treaty with Great Britain, containing
an estimate for an appropriation for continuing
the work assigned to that commission during the
fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 1858,
amounting to $21,870; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Washington; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a resolution
granting further time to the creditors of Texas
to present their claims, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
REPORT OF GENERAL THOMAS LAWSON.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution merely for the purpose
of reference.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be requested
to inquire into the expediency of printing, for the use of
this House, in addition to the usual number, twenty thou-
sand copies of the report of Brevet Brigadier General
Thomas .Lawson, on the sickness and mortality in the
Army of the United States ; and that the said report be
printed m the same style as that of the same report for the
use of the United States Senate, at the first session of the
present Congress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is that resolution in order ?
The SPEAKER. Not if objected to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to anything out
of order.
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. SNEED. I ask the consent of the House
to take up a bill (H. R. No. 227) for the liquida-
tion of the unadjusted contracts of the Tennes-
see river improvements, which was reported by
the Committee on Commerce, and ought right-
fully to be upon the Private Calendar. It em-
braces some five or six individual claims. When
reported from the Committee on Commerce, it was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where I think it will be
engulfed unless it is taken up in compliance with
my request.
Mr. GIDDINGS. This is private bill day, and
I must object.
Mr. SNEED. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to listen to the facts which I will state. It is
really a private bill, and ought to be upon the
Private Calendar.
Mr. GIDDINGS. There are two or three
hundred such claims which ought to be upon the
Private Calendar. I must call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. SNEED. The gentleman from Ohio pre-
vented me from getting this bill passed last ses-
sion .
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no objection to
transferring the bill, but it ought to be done when
the committees are called.
No objection being made, the bill was trans-
ferred from the Calendar of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the Private
Calendar.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
standing committees for reports of private bills.
Mr. BRENTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report back, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, an act
(S. No. 217) to continue the land office at Viu-
cennes, Indiana, and also at Dubuque, Iowa, and
to ascertain and adjust the title to certain lands
in the States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly
included in the Vincennes district.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As that is
not a private bill, I object to its being reported.
Mr. ERENTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back the following petitions;
which were laid on the table, the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
and the reports ordered to be printed:
The petition of George Berry, Esther Massey,
James Gates, and Michael Alspack, asking for an
amendment of the bounty land law of 1855; v
Various petitions of citizens of the States of
New York, Massachusetts, Maine, and Ohio,
praying that the term of service under the bounty
land law of 1855 may be reduced to ten days;- .
The petition of Nathaniel Xlsbey and others,
praying for an amendment of the pension laws;
The petition of James Gardner, praying for
compensation for services as a marine in the war
with France in 1799 and 1800;
The petitions of Stephen Austin, John Harris,
James Denham, and others, Daniel Fairchild,
Charles Ford, Abigail Gould, and Isaac Belcher,
for amendment of bounty land law;
The petition of J. W. Sanders and others,
praying for a grant of one hundred and sixty
acres of land to Samuel Stone; and
The petition of Adam King and others, praying
for a change in the military bounty land law.
Mr. MAXWELL, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of William
L. Dearing, for the privilege of locating eleven
eighty-acre floating preemption rights in the State
of Louisiana; which was laid on the table, the
committee discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof, and th JVeport ordered to be printed.
POSTAGE LAW.
Mr. FLAGLER. I have a Senate bill before
me, which I desire to report from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, with a view
of having it put on its passage. I ask gentlemen
to hear it. read before they object. It is a Senate
bill providing for the compulsory prepayment of
postage on all transient mail matter. The Post-
master General is very anxious that it shall be
passed, so that it may go into operation on the
18th of January.
There being no objection, the bill was reported
from the committee. It is as follows:
A bill providing for the compulsory prepayment of post-
age on all transient printed matter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled,
That the provision in the act approved August 30,1859,
entitled <• An aetto amend the act entitled'An act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United States, and
for other purposes,' passed Maich 3,1851,"permitting tran-
sient printed matter to bp sent through the mail of the Uni-
ted States without prepayment of postage, be, .and the
same is hereby, repealed. And the postage on all such
transient matter shall be prepaid by stamps or otherwise,
as the Postmaster General may direct.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. FLAGLER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed l?e reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
FURTHER REPORTS.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to authorize a settle-
ment of the accounts of Ross Wilkins, James
Witherell, and Solomon Sibley; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the release of a judgment against Thomas
Jenkins; which was read twice, and received the
same reference and order.
Mr. PRINGLE,from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 450) for the relief
of Mrs. Mary Gay; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported
back the petition of Lieutenant John Mullen,
praying compensation as acting Indian agent in
the'Roeky Mountains from October, 18o3, to
November, 1854, with various accompanying
papers; which were laid on the table, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed; and the com-
mitte was discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof. . ,
Mr. EUSTIS asked leave to introduce a bill
making an appropriation for the improvement of
a harbor on Lake Pontchartrain, in the State of
Louisiana.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
