&04
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 26,
Mr. TAYLOR,from theCommittee of Claims,
reported back the petition of the Indian chief
Sha-be-nay, for compensation for two Sections of
land reserved for him by treaty, and taken by the
United States Government, -with accompanying
papers; Which were laid on the table, tne com-
mittee discharged from their further considera-
tion, and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Brevet Captain Frederick Steele, United
States Army; which was read a first and second
tittle, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
MRS. A. W. ANGUS.
The SPEAKER stated that there was upon
the Speaker's table a bill (H. R. No.278) for the
relief of Mrs. A. W. Angus, widow of the late
Captain Samuel Angus, United States Navy,
which had been reported from the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and that the pending •question was on the motion
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Pike,] to reconsider the vote by which the bill
had been ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
The bill, being engrossed, was then read the
third time.
Mr. PIKE called for the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
■ bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. FLAGLER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdalc, llendley ti. Bennett,Brooks, Burnett,CaruthersJ
Bayard Clarke, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Day,Dean, Denver, Edwards,
Emrie, Eusus, Flagler, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gid-
dinss, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L. Har-
ris,Haven, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas E. Ilorton, Houston,
Jewett, Geoige V\. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Lake, Letter,
Letcher, Lindlcy, Lurripkm, Alexander K. Marshall, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Smith
Millpr, Millson, Millwaid, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pame, Peck, Pettit, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Iteady, ltust, Sandidge, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam It. Smith, Snecd, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott,
Taylor,Thurston, Todd, Waldron, Walker, Warner, Wat-
kins, Whitney, Witislow, Woodwolth, Daniel B. Wright,
and Zollieofi'er—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Benson, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Brenton, Butftnton, Ktirlingame, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Covode, Citigin,Cumbaek, Timothy Davis, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dtirfee, Etliendge, Florence,Granger, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, Herbert, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard,
Hugliston, Kelly, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowiton,
Knox, Mace, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington,
Perry, Pike, Pringle, Purvianee, Ritchie, Robison, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Swope, Tappan,
Thorington,Trafton,Vail,Walbridge, Cadwaladei C. Wash-
burne,ElHliu B. Washbtrrne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wil-
liams, and Woodruff—66.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVELINA PORTER.
The SPEAKER stated that there was upon
the Speaker's table a bill (H. R. No. 283) for the
relief of Evelina Porter, widow of the lale Com-
modore Porter, of the United States Navy, which
had been reported from the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, with the
recommendation that it do pass, and had been
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and that the pending question was on the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Oliver]
to reconsider the vote by which the bill had been
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, withdrew the
motion to reconsider.
The bill, being engrossed, was then read the
third time.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, called for tellers
on the passage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Barksd'ale, Benson,
Billinghurst, Brenton, Bufftnton, Burlingairie, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Covode, Cragin, David-
son, Timothy Davis, Dick, Dickson, DodcLEtheridge, Flor-
ence, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harrison^Herbert, Hodges,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, King, Knapp, Knowiton, Loiter, Maee, Alexander K.
Marshall, Killian Mdler, Millward, Moore, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purvi-
anee, Qutmian, Heady, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Sneed,
Swope, Tappan, Walbridge, Watson, Wells, Whitney,
Williams, Woodruff, and Zollieoffer—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Barbour, Barclay, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Binghitm, Brooks, Burnett, Ezra Clark,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Curnback, Day, Dean,
Denver, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Eustis, Evans, Flagler,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddinga, Goode, Greenwood,
Grow, Harlan, Haven, Houston, Hughston, Jewett, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelsey, Knight, Knox, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Carty, MeMullin, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill,
Nichols, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Powell, Puryear, Ritchie,
Rust, Sabin, Sandidge, Seott, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
William E. Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott,
Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,Trafton, Underwood,
Vail, Waldron, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Wasb-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
Winslow, Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wright—88.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I voted
with the majority against the passage of the bill;
and I rise now for the purpose of moving to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was rejected.
This matter has been before Congress ever since I
have had the honor of a seat upon this floor. After
the first examination which I gave it, I was per-
fectly satisfied that the widow of the late Commo-
dore David Pbrtervas entitled to somethingfor the
important services her gallant husband rendered
to his country; and ever since my conviction of
the justice of the case has deepened. Favorable
reports on it have been made each session from
the appropriate committees of both Houses of
Congress. It has ever been the report that this
lady is entitled to the pension asked for. I voted
against the passage of the bill because it provided
that the pension should run back to the death of
the late Commodore Porter. I believe it is ask-
ing too much to go back that far. Yet I have
known many cases pass with a like provision,
that were not half as meritorious as this. I am
not willing to vote for the bill while it contains
that-provision; but if the motion to reconsider
prevail, I shall vote for the bill with the amend-
ment that the words " to commence at the'death
of the said David Porter" be stricken out, and
''to commence on the first of January last" be
inserted in their stead.
If members will look into the facts of this case,
they will, I am sure, arrive at the same conclu-
sion that I have. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Oliver,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, has reported favor-
ably on it for the past six or eight years. Not
only have the committees of this House reported
favorably on the case, but the committees of the
Senate have done exactly the same thing. And
if members do notvote for the bill, when amended
as I propose, I shall conclude they have not inves-
tigated it. If they had done so, they most assu-
redly would agree to give something in the shape
of a pension to this venerable lady, for the val-
uable services of her husband. I am not willing,
I repeat, to let the pension run back to the date
of Commodore Porter's decease, and therefore
desire the amendment I have suggested.
I will now yield thoiloor to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Oliver,] to make an explana-
ation of the case. He has investigated it almost
every session for the past six or eight years, and
is able to make whatever explanations gentlemen
may desire.
Mr. WINSLOW. When did Commodore Por-
ter leave the naval service of the United States >
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The gentleman from
New York can answer the gentleman.betterthan
I can. I am satisfied the claim is a good one.
This is the conclusion I arrived at nine years ago,
and if the gentleman from North Carolina will
investigate the subject he will arrive at the same
conclusion. I now yield the floor to the gentle-
man from New York. When he has made the
explanation he desires, I shall call for the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider. If
the bill is passed, ju'stice will be done; if not,
then justice will be again delayed. •
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I hope the
House will agree to the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Alabama, because I think it
will be wrong not to give to the venerable widow of >
thatgallant officer, Commodore Porter, something.
The committee thought it was right to give back
pay, but as the House has decided against that
recommendation, I hope they will agree to give
her a pension, commencing at the present time.
TJie proofs in the case abundantly establish the
statements made by the committee in their report.
If Commodore Porter—and that is the ground
upon which this report is predicated—had died
in the naval service of his country his widow-
would have been entitled to a pension under the
general law. But, inasmuch as he did not die
while in the naval service, the committee thought
that fact should not exclude his widow from the
generosity of Congress, and hence they proposed
the present bill. It seems to me that it is entirely-
unnecessary to say anything in reference to Com-
modore Porter, as his services are known to all.
His widow ought to have a pension, from the
fact that his life was shortened in consequence
of wounds received while in the service of his
country.
I hope the House will agree to the proposed
amendment, and give her a pension commencing,
at the present time.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from New York 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama holds the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I yield to allow the
gentleman to ask a question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make the ques-
tion of order, whether the floor can be farmed
out in that way ?
The SPEAKER. Not if there is objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. I am
opposed to this way of peddling out the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Then I call the
previous question.
Mr. ORR. As I cannot get information in
reference to this case, I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 66, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—MessrsvViken, Barclay, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bingham, Brooks, Burnett, Ezra Clark, Clingman, Howell
Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Crawford, Cumback, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Eustis, Evans, Flag-
ler, Foster, Giddmgs, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus
Hall,Harlan, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Carty, MeMullin, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Perry, Powell, Purvianee, Sabin, Sandidge,
Scott, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Talbott, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston,
Trafton, Waldron, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Winslow, and Daniel B.
Wright—66.
NAYS — Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allen, Allison, Bar-
bour, Barksdale, Benson, Billinghurst, Brenton, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Covode, Cragin, Cullen,David-
son, Denver, Dick, Dickson, .Dodd, JElliott, Etheridge,
Florence, Galloway, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harrison,
Haven, Herbert, Hodges, Hollowav, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Jewett, Kelly, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowiton, Knox, Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall,
Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Moore, Nichols, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Pettit,
Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ritchie, Rust, Sage,
Sapp, Sherman, Sneed, Swope, Underwood, Vail, Wade,
Walker, Ellihu B. Washbuine, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, Williams, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolli-
eoffer—81.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. Has the previous question
been ordered upon the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. It has been demanded by
the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. STANTON. I want to know if there is
to be no further information upon this subject?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I am going to move
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question was ordered to be put; and
under the operation thereof, the House reconsid-
ered the vote by which it refused to pass the
bill
