1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QhQME.
m
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Prom necessity I
shall be compelled to moye to recommit this bill
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions; and upon
that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I would inquire whether the com-
mittee will have the right to amend the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It becomes a new question
in the hands of the committee, and they can
report upon the subject in such manner as they
think proper.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House itself
cannot amend an engrossed bill, or a bill which
has been read a third time; and it will be strange
if the committee can do what the House itself
cannot do.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recommitted,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENT BILL.
Mr. SNEED. I desire, Mr. Speaker, that the
bill which I asked this morning to have trans-
ferred from the calendar of public bills to the
calendar of private bills, shall take the place upon
the Private Calendar which it would have occu-
pied if it had been placed upon the, Private Cal-
endar at the time it was reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. MAXWELL, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
399) for the relief of Elizabeth Turner; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole Houee,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Shadrach Rice, of Jackson county, Virginia;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. ORR asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Walbridge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 119, noes 12.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
a Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Haven
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the Private Calendar.
This being objection day, the reading of the
Calendar was commenced; and bills to which no
objection was made were, without debate, laid
aside to be reported to the House.
A bill (H. R. No. 300) for the relief of Joshua
Knowles, Jun., and others, owners of the schooner
Garnet, of Truro. [Objected to by Mr. McMul-
lin.]
An act (S. No. 140) for the relief of the owners
of the fishing schooners Brandywine, Forester,
Grampus, Ursula, Stephen C. Phillips, and Union.
[Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 4) in the case of
Robert Roberts.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the adverse reports of the Court of Claims, as
they are reached on the Calendar, will be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that the report of the court be con-
firmed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe the usual
course has been to pass over these adverse reports
of the Court of Claims.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
what has been the usual custom. He thinks,
however, that the course suggested by him will
be the best one to dispose of these adverse reports.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will not object to the course suggested
by the Chair. It is certainly the best way to
dispose of these reports.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is this dif-
ficulty about it. When you get them into the
House, the previous question may be put in
operation, and the recommendation of the com-
mittee overruled. ' I notice that there are other
cases reported favorably upon by the Court of
Claims, and adversely reported on by the Com-
mittee of Claims. These bills may be sent to
the House, and under the operation of the pre-
vious question, when there can be no discussion,
they may be passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that if he ob-
jects his object will be accomplished, and the
reports will remain on the Calendar.
Mr. McMULLIN. Believing that these re-
ports will be best disposed of by allowing them
to remain on the Calendar, I shall object.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 5.) in the case of
Samuel M. Pucket. [Objected to by Mr. McMul-
lin.j
An adverse report (C. C. No. 6) in the case
of John P. McElderry. [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 7) in the case
of Louis G. Thomas and others. [Objected to
by Mr. Letcher.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 8) in the case
of Shepherd Knapp. [Objected to by Mr. Mc-
Mullin.]
An adverse report (C. C. No 11) in the case
of Cyrus H. McCormick. [Objected to by Mr.
McMullin.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 12) in the case
of William W. Cox.' [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
An adverse report (C. C. No. 18) in the case
of J. D. Holman, executor of Jesse B. Holman,
deceased.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to inquire whether,
if this report be objected to, it will retai# its place
on the Calendar, and come up hereafter,when it is
nut objection day,for discussion?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair it will remain on the Calendar in the posi-
tion it now occupies.
Mr. WALKER. I object, then.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 19) in the case
of John C. Hale. [Objected to by Mr. McMni.-
liw.]
A bill (C. C. No. 2) for the relief of Asbury
Dickins. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee•J
A bill (C. C. No. 8) for the relief of Michael
Nourse. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (C. C. No. 5) for the relief of John
Robb. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
A bill (H. R. No, 339) for the relief of J. H.
F. Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay T.
Taliaferro, sureties of D. M. F. Thornton, late
a purser in the Navy of the United States. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Ccmback.]
'A bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Joseph Nourse, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 342) to allow the legal rep-
resentatives of Samuel Jones, of the eleventh Vir-
ginia regiment on continental establishment, five
years' full pay as a captain of infantry, in lieu
of half pay for life. [Objected to by Mr. Col-
fax.]
A bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Andrew
A. H. Knox and Joseph A. Campbell, or their
heirs and legal representatives.
Mr. SANDIDGE. This bill was reported by
me from the Committee on Private Land Claims,
and in my opinion ought not to be passed. For
the purpose of getting it off the Calendar, I move
that it be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly laid aside.
An act (S. No. 240) to confirm the title of Henry
Volcker to a certain tract of land in the Territory
of New Mexico. [Objected to by Mr. Sandidge.]
An act (S. No. 241) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Morrison and Charles
Gmn.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I make the motion also in
this case, that the hill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, witff the recommendation that it
do not pass.
Mr. STANTON. We may reverse that rec-
ommendation if we get the bill into the House.
I object.
A, bijl (fj. ft. No. 38} granting one hundred
and sixty acres,of land to Richard Smith, of Co-
shocton county, Ohio, for his services in the ex-
pedition against the Rickaree Indians. [Objected:
to by Mr. Quitman.}
An act for the relief of James Harrington. +
The bill, directs the proper officers of the Treas-
ury Department to pay to James JIarnngton the,
sum of $500, as a full indemnification for loss, of
time and expense incurred during sickness causetl
by pelting lead while in the employment of tjiej
United States.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass,
bill (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of the
representatives of William Austin, de-
ceased. [Objected to by Mr. Flagler.]
An act (S. No. 56) directing payment to George
P. Marsh for judicial services rendered by him,
under the act of 11th August, 1848, while Minis-
ter Resident to the Ottoman Porte. [Objected to
by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of Wil-
lifim Hunter, Chief Clerk of the Department of
State. [Objected to by Mr. Walbridge.]
A bill (H. R. No. 362) for the relief of Peter
Parker, late Secretary of Legation at Canton,
China. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.] _
Mr. CUMBACK moved that the committee do
now rise.
The question was taken; and there were, cm A
division—ayes 21, noes 70.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Mill ward were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 19, noes 79. No quorum.
The roll was accordingly called; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their nam^s.
Messrs. Ball, Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Bradshaw, Branch, Broom, Cadwalader, James H. Camp-
bell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile,
Caskie, Clawson, Clingman, Comins, Cox, Henry Winter
Davis, Jacob C. Davis, De Witt. Dick, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Henry M- Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Hughs-
ton, Keitt, Kelsey, Kennctt, Kidwell, Kuokcl, Lciter,
Lindiey, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Mc-
Queen, Millward, Moore, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Packer,
Paine, Pearce, Pelton, Perry, Phelps, Porter, Reade, Ricaud,
Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Ruffin, Rust, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Stranahan, Swope, Talbott, Trippe, Tyson,
Valk, Wakeman, Wheeler, Wood, Daniel B, Wright, and
John V. Wright.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Haven reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had, accord-
ing to order, had the Private Calendar under con-
sideration; andHnding itself without a quorum,
had caused the roll to be called, and had directed
him to report the names of the absentees to the
House.
A quorum being now present, the Committee
of the Whole resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question
pending was the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Cumback,] that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes
55, noes 63.
Mr. GREENWOOD said that Mr. Talbott
had been compelled by illness to leave the House.
The committee then proceeded with the bills
on the Private Calendar.
A bill (H. R. No. 363) for the relief of Stephen
H.Weems, late Consul at Guatemala. [Objected
to by Mr. Barclay.]
A bill (H. R. No. 364) for the relief of George
W. Lippitt. [Objected to by Mr, Davidson.]
A bill (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Mary
Ann Clark.
The bill, which directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Mary Ann Clark, of
New York, on the pension roll, at the rate of five
dollars per month, for five years, commencing
January 1, 1856, was laid aside to be reported to
the House, no objection being made to it.
A bill (H. R. No. 382) for the relief of Donn
Piatt. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. DAVIDSON moved that the committee
rise,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
