20&
THE CONGRESSIONAL ei^QBE.
December 30.
wish him, to. g&i&.distjijctiy what I^eoxoczatie, papers in.
Illinois be refers to. ^ . T
«Mr. Wassburne, of THinpfef. I am not certain. I
cannot state with certainty; but my impression is that the
Freeporx Bulletin denied that su,ch a resolution had been
niiopig.. I wish to be understood
distinctly as asserting-tbat no paper in Illinois, recognized,
*s an organ of the Pejnocratic party, and circulating among
the people of that State, ever denied tlre.adoption of such
a resolution. On the contrary, the Democracy of Illinois
everywhere, without evasion or equivocation^ sustained
the platform and proceedings of the Cincinnati Oonvenr
tion, the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska, bill, and the
administration of Franklin Pierce. Any assertion to the
contrary cannot be sustained by the facts. The position
of the Democracy of Illinois cannot be, mistaken by any
one who wishes to understand it. They are in favor of
withdrawing this question of slavery entirely from the
Haifa''o? Congress, and of leaving its adjustment to the
people of each State and Territory for themselves, without
any interference whatever from without. And tins just
principle, I cannot df>ubt, will be sustained by a large ma-
jority of the people of the northern States, when it is fairly
and honestly presented, without misrepresentation or eva-
sion by our opponents.
" Mr. Wa.shburne, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
state to the House whether he knows of his own knowl-
edge thftt the State Register and the Chicago Times, two
leading Democratic papejs in that State, published the res-
olution among the proceedings of the convention ?
« Mr. Marshall, of Illinois./ Both of them did. And
every paper which undertook to publish the entire proceed-
ings published that among the other resolutions of the con-
vention, „ T
"Mr, Allen. For the information of my colleague, !
can state to him that the Chicago Timas, the Springfield
Register, arid the fiuinny Herald, three of the leading Dem-
ocratic papers in ttie northern part of the State, published
that resolution of the Cincinnati Convention.
" Mr. Morrison. I desire to state that all the Demo-
cratic papers in the eighth congressional district of Illinois
Published that resolution; and not only the Democratic
papers, but the Republican papers in that district published
it atso,and upon it based their assault upon the Democratic
party, because that party had indorsed the administration
of Franklin Pierce."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In the course
of the debate, I made the assertion in relation to
the suppression of the Pierce resolution in the
Illinois Democratic papers, as appears in whatthe
Clerk has just read. I made the statement as a
feneral political fact—as a fact which I knew to
e true—as I knew other political facts that trans-
pired during the campaign. I knew it from the
fact, that while on the stump during the whole
canvass, I did not find a Democratic paper of the
State which had that resolution in it; and I every-
where denounced the suppression. It was under
such a state of facts that I made the statement.
Well, sir, having made that statement, two of my
colleagues on this floor [Mr. Marshall and Mr.
Allen] rose in their places, and, on their respons-
ibility as men and members of this House, un-
equivocally and specifically denied the statement
that the resolution was not published in all the
Democratic papers in the State. I put the ques-
tion distinctly to my colleague of the ninth dis-
trict, [Mr. Marshall,] (whom I am happy to
see in his seat,) if he knew of his own knowledge
if the Clvipago Times and State Register published
. the " resolution?" and he replied that " both of
them did." My colleague from the seventh dis-
trict [Mr, Ajxkn] then volunteered the following
statement:
" For the information of my colleague, I can state to him
that the Chicago Times, the Springfield Register, and the
<luincy Herald, three of the leading Democratic papers in
the northern part of the State, published that resolution of
the eincinnati Convention."
Well, sir, I must confess I was taken some-
what by surprise by these positive and emphatic
denials of my colleagues; and it will be perceived
in the colloquy which followed I qualified to some
extent the statement I had made. In the face of
these denials, not having the proofs at hand, I
would not take upon myself to state absolutely
and positively as a fact what I had not the means
at the moment to prove, though I was entirely
confident that I was correct.
The debate went speedily to our own State,
where it was published by the Democratic papers
with an air of triumph, and I was made the sub-
ject of the grossest personal attacks by some of
these papers. The Chicago Times,for instance,
the leading Democratic paper in the northern
part of the State, came out with a fierce article,
headed in glaring letters "Washburne impaled
&c., charging me with misrepresentation and
falsehood in saying that tins resolution was not
published in ail the Democratic papers in the
State* The article went on further to state " that
there was not a Democratic paper in the State of
Illinois that published the proceedings of the
Cincinnati Convention, thai did not publish. the
resolution indorsing, the administration 01 iranic-
iin Pierce." , .
And further, the State Register, the central
organ of the Democratic party, m our State, pub-
lished at the seat of government, came out with
an article denouncing my statement as untrue,
and asserting that " every Democratic press m
the State published the Cincinnati resolutions
entire," and it boldly backed up my colleagues
for having" cornered a demagogue," and branded
lay- assertions as falss on the floor of the House.
Besides these two papers, there was another—and
I dislike to mention it in connection with the
papers I have alluded to, because it sustains to
them about the same relative situation that the
iackall sustains to the lion, and because it is pub-
lished in my own city. It is the Galena Courier
—a paper of a character so atrociously infamous
as to have brought immeasurable disgrace upon
itg party, and upon the city in which it is pub-
lished. This little sheet also chimed m with the
Times and Register, and in an article abusing me,
and charging me with " falsifying the record,
and libeling the Democratic press of my section,
in asserting that they did not publish the resolu-
tion indorsing-Pierce. Such, Mr. Speaker, is the
evidence to show that my assertion, that this
resolution was suppressed, was not founded in
fact, and it must be admitted that it makes out a
strong case.' It is the evidence of my colleagues
given on this floor, and the evidence of editors at
home, who were in a situation better than any-
body else to know the fact. The effect of all was
to show that I had willfully undertaken to palm
off statements upon this House which had no
foundation in fact, which, if substantiated, would
render me an object of the contempt of all honor-
able men in the House or out of it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to submit some
facts to the House which cannot be gainsayed. It
is my turn now to speak; and I intend to vindi-
cate my statement and vindicate the truth of his-
tory, as connected with this matter, so that the
House and the country may see where these
charges, which have been so flippantly made
against me, should properly rest.
I will ask my colleagues whether they recog-
nize the paper which I hold in my hand as the
Illinois State Register ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio.- Hold it up; let
it be seen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (holding up
the paper.) It will not be denied that this is
the paper, having at the head of its columns the
names of the Cincinnati nominees—Buchanan
and Breckinridge. Now, sir, in my place here,
I charge that this paper did not publish the reso-
lution in question. Here is the paper containing
proceedings that took place and resolutions that
passed in the Cincinnati Convention; and the
editors, 111 publishing them, say:
" In a former number we gave a telegraphic synopsis of
the platform of the Democracy laid down at Cincinnati for
the pending presidential campaign. We give the entire
document."
In these proceedings published in this paper
this resolution is suppressed; and this paper,
having in its editorial columns asserted that it
published the platform entire, and as in that plat-
form as published this resolution is suppressed,
I say it is a denial by that paper of the passage
of the resolution.
A Voice. What is the date of the paper? '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The 10th of
Juno, 1856. I will now proceed to expose the
mendacity of these editors who have thus assailed
me. They assail me one day for having made a
charge having no foundation in fact, when I
asserted that this resolution was suppressed—
they asserted that they published it, and that all
the Democratic papers m the State published it.
" Now, mark, how plain a tale shall put the.m
down." The opposition paper at Springfield,
the Journal, examined the files of the Register,
and found my statement, so far as that paper was
concerned, literally true, and charged the facts
upon the Register. What a fall was here ! A
day or two afterwards, in the daily State Regis-
ter of December 20, which I hold in my hand,
we find that the editors are brought to the follow-
ing humiliating acknowledgment, in an article
headed the " Washburne Charge." It is as fol-
lows:
" We were in error in our statement of yesterday in re-
gird to the publication of the resolution of the Cincinnati
onvention, relative to the administration of President
Pierce."
' And in another part of the same article they
say that, "so far as the Register is concerned,
we admit the omission charged."
The paper at Galena, also, after exhausting its
large stock ,of scurrility, and after impudently
denying the truth of my assertion here, as I have
stated was driven to acknowledge that I was cor-
rect in my assertion, in sin article as follows:
<" We Come Down.'—There is but one way to act
when convinced of having committed an error—that is, to
acknowledge*it. We desire to place ourselves right in
regard to the matter of publishing the resolution adopted
at Cincinnati indorsing President Pierce's administration.
When our remarks of Friday were written, we had not the
remotest idea that the resolution had not appeared m the
Courier; indeed, the writer of this article has a distinct
recollection of preparing the copy of the resolutions for
publication, with the one indorsing General Pierce at-
tached ; and, until the Advertiser asserted the fact on Sat-
urday, we were not aware that it was omitted. That the
omission was wholly accidental we most solemnly assert.
However, we are fairly caught, and yield the ' pint'—not
that we intended to suppress the resolution, but the fact
of its non-appearance in our columns."—Galena Daily
Courier, December 22.  
"The omission was accidental," forsooth, and
the editors did not intend to " suppress the reso-
lution" which a day or two before they solemnly
asserted they had published !
But I have another item of evidence, which I
will give for the benefit of my colleagues. I hold
in my hands another Democratic paper, the Illi-
nois Sentinel, at Jacksonville, which also sup-
presses the resolution. I have no other of the
Democratic papers before me, but I have the
authority of a responsible man, who took note
of this matter during the late canvass. That
gentleman says, in a letter I have before me, that
he had occasion to look for the resolution indors-
ing the administration of President Pierce, but
that he could not find it in any Democratic news-
paper in Illinois. I believe, however, that that
resolution was published by the Chicago Times.
The Freeport Bulletin, the paper I referred to
when I made my former-statement, was one of
the Democratic papers of that State which did not
publish that resolution. And I think I am safe
in stating, though I do so with the qualifications
I have named,"that there was scarcely a Dem-
ocratic paper in Illinois which published this
resolution of the Cincinnati Convention indorsing
the administration of Franklin Pierce.
I have little more to say. As to the Chicago
Times, I will do the editor of that paper the jus-
tice to say, that he fought this battle gallantly and
fairly on these issues. I will not do him the in-
justice to believe that he did not know, when he
made the denial of my statements, that there was
a suppression of this resolution by the Demo-
cratic papers of the State; and I can only account
for his attack on me by his desire to get an op-
portunity, even at. the expense of the truth, to lash
his Democratic editorial brethren of Illinois over
my shoulders for shirking and skulking the issues
which he had the boldness to meet. Twill do no
injustice to that paper. As a member of the Re-
publican party, I should be ungrateful, even if it
were in my power, to injure it, though the provo-
cation is great. His services to the Republican
party have been too great in the recent canvass
to be entirely overlooked. His bold and out-
spoken indorsement of the Nebraska iniquity,
his attempts to bolster up the administration of
Franklin Pierce, and his bitter assaults on our
gallant candidate for Governor, Colonel Bissell,
contributed more, perhaps, than anything else
to the overwhelming victory of the Republican
a in the State of Illinois at the late election.
52, and before this paper w&s started and
became the organ of the Democratic party, in
the three northern congressional districts of our
State there was a Democratic majority—a ma-
jority for Pierce—of between two and three thou-
sand. Under the leadership of this paper, Fre-
mont had a majority in those districts of between
thirty and forty thousand. I will do nothing to
discourage a paper that has contributed so much
to the success of the Republican party; and now,
Mr. Speaker, having placed this matter before
the House as I desired, and vindicated the truth
of my statement and the truth of history, I will
close tiy thanking the House for the attention
which it has bestowed upon the remarks I h%ve
made.
