185$.
THE ..CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£11
lished in them both. What I complain of, then,
is that my colleague, by his statement, has placed
me in a false position before the country.
Mv. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 should not have
thought for one moment to have asked the indul-
gence of the House in this connection, if it had
not been that my colleague [Mr. Washburne]
has seen fit to accuse two gentlemen whom i
esteem to be my friends, as having been guilty ot
falsehood and mendacity in certain publications ot
theirs. So far as the position of the Democratic
party of Illinois is concerned, it stands clear
enough, and needs no further vindication.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made no
charge of falsehood against my colleague s Irienas;
I only referred to the record.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I understood my
colleague to charge the editors of the State Reg-
ister as having been guilty of falsehood and men-
da£' WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
use the word " falsehood."
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois. I understood that
word to have been used; but the other is equally
offensive, and the member making the charge
cannot sustain it. If these gentlemen have made
any mistake in this matter, they have promptly
and honorably corrected it; and this my col-
league [Mr. Wasiibckne] well knows. An
equally honorable course would have required
that my colleague should not have assailed them
without cause.
Now, as to the position of the Democracy of
Illinois upon the Democratic platform, and to-
wards the administration of General Pierce,
there is no mistaking it. In reference to the res-
olution of the Cincinnati Convention indorsing
the administration of General Pierce, I can say
this: It was not passed until the day after the
platform was reported and passed. After the
platform had been adopted, the following day, or
the day after that, the resolution indorsing Gen-
eral Pierce's administration was reported and
passed. It was not, I think, before the conven-
tion at the time the platform was adopted; and it
forms no part of the proceedings up to that time.
The proceedings after that event attracted but
little attention, and the country papers every-
where, with rare exceptions, omitted to publish
them. But I want to say, that there may be no
misapprehension about the Democratic party of
Illinois, that the State convention indorsed the
administration of Franklin Pierce in the most
unequivocal terms. In that convention, embracing
delegates from every one of the one hundred
counties of the State, the following resolution
was unanimously adopted:
u Resolved, That the administration of Franklin Pierce,
as foreshadowed by his inaugural, and exemplified m con-
ducting the foreign and internal affairs of the Union, meets
our cordial approval; and that we bear testimony to the
fidelity with which lie has administered the duties of his
office in strict accordance with the principles of the Con-
stitution."
There is the position assumed by the Democ-
racy of Illinois, in their State convention, where
every county and neighborhood of the State was
represented. Is there any mistake about it? I
may further state that, in my own congressional
district, the Democracy passed a similar resolu-
tion; and so far as I have heard them, there was
not a preliminary meeting in any county which
did not indorse the administration of President
Pierce. The district convention which nominated
me for Congress unanimously adopted a resolu-
tion similar in terms to that of the State conven-
tion, which I have read; and I believe other dis-
trict conventions did the same thing. There is
no equivocation or evasion about any of these
resolutions. They all unqualifiedly and in the
fullest terms indorsed the administration of Presi-
dent Pierce.
The point is now made, that a resolution of
the Cincinnati Convention indorsing President
Pierce was suppressed by the Illinois Democratic
papers. What was to be accomplished by such
suppression ? Every paper in the State, I un-
dertake to say—I believe it is so, although I
have not seen every paper in the State—every
Democratic paper in the State of Illinois, four
weeks prior to the meeting of the Cincinnati
Convention, published the resolutions of the
State convention fully indorsing the administra-
tion of President Pierce. Now, if this is the fact,
and if that resolution was published in the pro-
ceedings of the State convention, and laid before
the people, can it be said that the Democracy of
Illinois did not sustain .the administration of
President Pierce ? What avails it then to the
gentleman to reiterate here, time and again, that
because this resolution of the National Conven-
tion was not embodied in the proceedings of the
Cincinnati Convention, as reported in the Dem-
ocratic papers of Illinois, therefore the people
of that State repudiated the administration of
Franklin Pierce ? Those proceedings were volu-
minous, running over sixty pages, and but few
papers published them in full. But whenever
this was attempted, the resolution in question
was published.
There is another point made by the gentleman
to which I wish to refer for one moment. I un-
derstood the gentleman the other day to declare
that the Democratic party of Illinois not only re-
pudiated that resolution but denied that any such
resolution was passed by the Cincinnati Conven-
tion. I now ask him to name the Democratic
paper in Illinois which repudiated such a resolu-
tion, or denied that it was passed?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I considered
that the State Register did so.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I undertake to say
that the State Register did no such thing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have the
State Register here to prove it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I defy the gentle-
man to point to one line—one word in that paper
denying that such a resolution had passed, or
that repudiated it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
what I have stated before: that the State Regis-
ter, in assuming to publish all of the resolutions
of the Cincinnati Convention and suppressing
this one, did deny that any such had passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The State Regis-
ter never assumed to publish all the resolutions
of the Cincinnati Democratic Convention, and
the gentleman can find no such assumption in it.
The very number of that paper from which the
gentleman has read, does not assume any such
thing. It says it gives " the document" entire.
What document? If the gentlemah had read
attentively what the paper stated, he would find
that it made reference to the skeleton proceedings
of that convention, and then plainly stated that
it would publish the "platform entire," not the
resolutions or proceedings entire. That platform
was an enunciation of principles; it had nothing
to do with the indorsement of one administration
or of another. And this resolution indorsing
the administration of President Pierce, formed
no part of the platform.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Times
says it did.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I say it did not,
and every man who reads the official proceedings
of that convention, will say that it had no con-
nection with the platform; and yet an attempt is
made to hold the State Register to account,
because, when it said it published the entire doc-
ument, it meant to convey to the minds of its
readers that it published the entire proceeding-;
of the convention, when it published only the
platform. The language of the editor himself
was, that the document referred to was the plat-
form. Now, sir, with these facts staring the
gentleman in the face, he attempts to get out of
his statement made the other day, that the Dem-
ocratic papers of Illinois not only repudiated the
resolution, but denied that such a resolution
passed the convention. Now, I ask him again to
name a Democratic paper in the State of Illinois
that repudiated or denied it, as ho has stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The State
Register.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illineis. -Then I say that
my colleague asserts what nobody else in the
House but him would assert—to say the least.
When the Democratic party of Illinois stood by
the proceedings of its State convention, with
which were published, in all the Democratic
papers of the State, resolutions fully indorsing
the administration of President Pierce, what a
miserable quibble it is, to say that they repudi-
ated the administration of President Pierce be-
cause they did not publish just such a resolution
a second time!
One word further. In every section of the
State of Illinois where President Pierce's admin-
Cjjjr resolution^
'iftvintiojis; we
istration was most fully indorse
in the Democratic meetings anil-
carried thelptate by majorities overwhelming;
and reasoning from cause and effect, we have
only to say, that if his administration had been
indorsed in other portions, the results there would
have been similar.
I onlji rose to correct what I thought to be an
act of injustice done to my friends, and in that
connection, to make these brief allusions to the
" historical facts" which my colleague [Mr.
Washburne] had brought to the notice of the
House. Having said what I desired, I will tres-
pass no longer upon the time of the House.
The SPEAKER stated that; Mr. Stephens
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquira
of the gentleman from Georgia^vhether he desires
to address the House this morning ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If not, I proposa
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and finish
some of the appropriation bills.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the further "
consideration of the subject before the House be
postponed until to-morrow, at the hour of on#
o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. KEITT, by unanimous consent, presented
to the House resolutions of the General Assem-
bly of South Carolina in relation to the fortifica-
tion of Port Royal harbor, and the establishment
of a naval depot at Beaufort, South Carolina;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT BUILDING.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Interior be requested
to furnish to this Houte the uslmiates for a building for the
accommodation of the Interior Department, which he has
recommended in his two last annual repoits.
BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of tile report of tha
Boundary Commission be printed for the use of Coloael
Emory.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to suggest to tha
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] that he
allow the committees to be called for reports this
afternoon. There are many reports in the hands
of the committees which ought to come before
the House. There is legislation before them that
ought to be brought before the House; but so
long as we take up the President's message in the
House, and then go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, those reports
cannot be made. I hope he will let the commit-
tees be called to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The experience
of my friend from Alabama, as head of the Ways
and Means Committee, must teach him, after
what occurred the other day, that if we allow that
committee to be passed , and proceed to call other
aommittees, the Committee of Ways and Means
will not.be called again the present session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman if he
expects the Committee of Ways and Means to
hold the floor, under the call of committees,
during the rest of the session ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I reply to the
gentleman, that if he will allow the bill reported
by us t*
fund o
we can get through very soon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will consent to the con-
sideration of that bill whenever it comes up. I
am ready for it at any time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. And so am I.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Ohio and the House would consent that the
other committees might be called, and such re-
ports received as they wish merely to have referred
to the Committee of the Whole, but not acted
upon, it would be well enough, and then the next
time when the call of committees is m order, we
might^o back to the Committee of Ways and
