1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
familiar with the workings of our diplomatic and
consular systems; and while I do not by any
means claim that it is perfect, I may say that it
is as perfect as the circumstances attending its
preparation would allow, and I have no doubt it
will be found to have effected valuable improve-
ments in those branches of the public service, if
it shall have a fair trial.
Such, I believe, would be the effect of the pro-
vision now under discussion. It was suggested
originally, and warmly pressed upon the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, by the State Depart-
ment, and was embraced in the draft of a bill
prepared at the Department, and submitted to the
committee. It was urged in support of it that
it would secure material advantages, not only to
the Government, but to the commercial and other
classes having business with our consular officers;
and, under the conviction that such would_ prove
to be the result, the committee adopted it, and
reported it to the House. I have no hesitation
in saying that, in my judgment, the operation
of it would be in the highest degree salutary if
it could be carried into effect in the spirit in
which it was enacted, and with a single eye to
the public good.
The purpose of it was to allow the President
to appoint not to exceed twenty-five clerks at
any one time, in all cases to be American citizens,
and to assign them to service at the more impor-
tant of our consular establishments abroad, and
thus to train up a class of reliable and efficient
officers, capable of discharging with facility and
satisfaction the often difficult and always respons-
ible duties of consuls. Many of our consuls are
obliged to employ clerks to assist in the duties
of their offices. These clerks they are obliged to
pay out of their own salaries, and such will con-
tinue to be the fact flnless they shall be supplied
with clerks by the Government^ who shall be
paid directly by the Government, in relief of the
consuls. If the clerks are to be paid by the con-
suls out of their salaries, those salaries must be
made correspondingly large; and in either case
the clerks are substantially paid by the Govern-
ment. Is it not better, in this view of the ques-
tion alone, that the clerks shall be appointed by
the President, as provided by the diplomatic and
consular act, with all the guards thrown around
the appointment, and that they shall be American
citizens in all eases, than that the consuls them-
selves shall make the selections in the loose mode
now practiced, and from foreigners, as is not
unfrequently the case ?
In this mode the Government may secure the
services of its own citizens, provide itself with a
corps of clerks ready for promotion, and having
promotion in view as a leward of fidelity and
merit; trained in the business to which they are
devoted; familiar with the languages and capable
of acting as interpreters at the places in which
they are located. Consuls are now obliged to
employ foreigners as clerks and interpreters in
many cases; and this jail will admit should not be
done if it be practicable to avoid it.
It is proper in this connection to say, that the
salaries of consuls, at the places where it has been
contemplated to appoint clerks, have been ad-
justed with reference to this arrangement, and
are much lower than they should be if this ar-
rangement is not to be carried into effcct. Injus-
tice will be done to these consuls if they are not
allowed decks, unless their salaries shall be in-
creased to such an additional amount as shall be
necessary to pay clerk hire.
In regard to the suggestion that institutions and
professors of instruction will be necessary, or
may be resorted to, to train competent pupils, it
is hardly necessary to say a word seriously. No
such thing is contemplated, and it is hardly fair to
create prejudice by such a suggestion. The only
instruction contemplated is that which will result
from the employment of the consular pupils as
clerks in the offices of the consuls. They might
have been called clerks as properly as consular
pupils; the only reason for calling them consular
pupils being the fact that our consular treaty with
France contemplates the appointment of such per-
sons, and affords them protection and political
rights under that designation.
Mr. QXTITMAN. I move to amend the clause
proposed to be stricken out, by striking out
" $25,000," .and inserting "$500," merely to
afford me the opportunity of saying a word or
two upon the subject. I concur fully with the
remarks of the gentleman from New York upon
the impropriety of our introducing this new ma-
chinery into the diplomacy of our country. I
have always thought tjiat the best diplomacy-^—
that best suited to our institutions was the diplo-
macy of the backwoods, the honest diplomacy
of republican freemen, and not that wliich is
taught in the diplomatic schools of Europe. I
hope that the motion to strike out will prevail
for that reason, because I believe it is the intro-
duction of a mischievous precedent into our dip-
lomatic system.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I desire to correct a
misapprehension under which the gentleman
seems to labor. This provision does not apply
to persons connected with the diplomatic service
at all. These persons are mere clerks in the con-
sular offices, and have no more to do with diplo-
macy than the gentleman himself.
Mr. QUITMAN. Very frequently it happens
that the consular agents of the country are obliged
to attend to the diplomatic affairs of the country.
If they are mere clerks to record proceedings,
why not let the consuls select such clerks as they
please? They are the best judges as to compe-
tency to perform the duties of their various offices.
This is the introduction of a new plan of educa-
ting our young men in the practices of foreign
courts, and I want to see no such machinery
introduced into our system.
I rose, however, principally to say that I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
wilt prevail. But if the amendment should be lost,
and this feature of the consular bill should be
carried into operation, we ought also to introduce
a professorship of diplomacy into the State De-
partment; and to that end I shall propose the
following amendment; i
For establishing a professorship of diplomacy in the Be- I
partment of State, thousand dollars. j
And I should recommend for the office the dis- j
tinguished gentleman who has written a book j
upon courtship and diplomacy. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to the prop-
osition made by the gentleman from Mississippi,
and as my impression as to the value of these
consular pupils is totally at variance with his
conclusions, I cannot help expressing it. It is
proposed that twenty-five young men, American
citizens, shall be selected by the President of the
United States to perform the duties of consular
pupils. The whole purpose and object of this
provision of the law of last session is to get young
men of character—and I am sorry to say, sir, that
•the history of the country does not justify the
conclusion that such persons have always been
selected—to perform the duties of clerks or secre-
taries of legation at foreign courts. These young
men are to be educated, as was said by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to
clerical duties; and certainly, if consular agents
are to be changed, it becomes a1 matter of im-
portance that we should have young men edu-
cated in such a manner that they can perform ,
the duties attached to a consular agency capably
and efficiently. We seek to introduce an Amer-
ican system and not a foreign system. The con-
sular bill of last session, which was modeled and
framed at the State Department, was passed with
special reference to the clerkships which these
young gentlemen are to fill, and I am surprised
that such gentlemen as the gentlemen from New
York and Mississippi should be frightened by
the scarecrows which they themselves have raised
here. [Laughter.] I think that a totally differ-
ent effect will be produced from whSt those gen-
tlemen suppose. I look upon this plan rather as
an American than a foreign one, and I can see
no injury to result from introducing into foreign
courts young American gentlemen.
Mr.Q.Ull'MAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. For the purpose of enabling
me to make a brief explanation of the action of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I move to
reduce the amount $1,000. The bill under which
this expenditure is authorized was passed at the
last session of Congress. I am myself in favor
of striking out this whole appropriation for con-
sular pupils; but as a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, the House having at the
last session made provision for thp appointment
of consular pupils, I was willing that an appro-
priation should be inserted sufficient
to carry outihc law, if it should ttothe pleasure
of the House to carry iupntf iri^.the manner
designed by the Committee on-Foreign Affairs. ,
If the Committee of Ways and Means had acted
^otherwise, they would have been justly liable to
"censure for having failed to provide for carrying
out a provision of law passed, by the Congress
of the United States, no longer ago than at the
last session of Congress. Hence the duty of the
Committee of Ways and Means to report in the
appropriation bills appropriations of so much
money as was necessary to carry out existing;
laws. But, sir, as a member of the House I am
prepared to go with the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] in striking this entire appro- •
priation from the bill.
I have submitted my amendment to the amend-
ment merely for the purpose "of enabling me to
explain the action of the Committee of Ways
and Means, or at least to explain my own action
as a member of that committee, in consenting to
report that item in the appropriation bill. If
there be no objection, I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object; and I wish
to ask the gentleman a question. I can under-
stand the explanation of the gentleman for re-
porting the appropriation, but why was it neces-
sary to use the expression, " consular pupils,"
in the bill ?
Mr. PHELPS. The expression is used in the
bill passed, at the instance of the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington,] the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, at the last
session of Congress. We have merely quoted
the language of the law in the provision we have
I made in this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am opposed to
j the amendment offered by my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Phelps,]
! as I am to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from New York. And, sir, I think this
whole discussion is entirely out of place. Gen-
! tlemen are discussing a provision of law enacted
| at the last session of Congress.
I find, by referring to the record of the yeas and
' nays upon the passage of the bill introduced at
| the last session by the Committee on Foreign
! Affairs, and which passed this House by a vote
of two to one, that the names of the gentleman
, fromNew York,[Mr.HA-vEN,] and the gentleman
j from Mississippi, [Mr. GIuitman,] are nowhere
; to be found. Where were those vigilant gentle^
: men then, that they did not object to the enact-
! ment of this provision?
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman from Ohio
: will allow me to interrupt him for a moment, I
! will say that I stated that I did not know how I
| voted upon the passage of the bill he refers to.
j But I am not attacking that bill. I said then,
i and I say now, that I have no objection to the
provision remaining upon the statute-book; but
I think it is extremely unwise for this House to
furnish the oil and the machinery to put it into
. operation. I presume, sir, that bill was put
; through under the operation of the previous
1 question. I do not know that it was even read;
! and, if I mistake not, my friend from Ohio
wanted to put this bill through without even
having it read.
■ "Mr. CAMPBELL, o£ Ohio. Not at all. I
! beg*the gentleman's pardon.
Mr. GIUITMAN. I wish merely to say that,
I - at the last session, perhaps I had more confidence
i in the Committee of Ways and Means than I
! have at this session.
; Mr. PHELPS. The bill did not emanate from
j the Committee of Ways and Means at all. _ It
i! was reported by the Committee on Foreign
, Affairs.
; Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I was saving
! | that these sentinels who have now suddenly been
J aroused during the holidays, seem to haye been
j; asleep on the watch-tower at the proper time, for
! i X do not find that their votes are recorded upon
i' the bill. I find that the bill passed the House by
; a vote of 103 yeas to 56 nays, but I cannot find the
i: name of either of these gentlemen on the record.
1 But, sir, this law having passed, the Secretary of
'< State having estimated for the amount necessary
to carry the law into effect, and the Committee
of Ways and Means, in pursuance of those
estimates, having reported the appropriations
