214
THE OOKGRMIO"NAL
Meeessary toS^mry out the existing few, these
fentlemen now come forward arraign the
loose for improper legislation.
Mr. HAVEN. Oh, no.
Mr. CAMPBELL., of Ohio. I for one was in
favor of the bill-reported by the Committee on.
Foreign Affairs. I think.it wasall fair and proper;
but I will notconsume the time of the committee.
If the House, after having passed that bill by a
vote of two to one, sees proper to stultify their
own legislation by rejecting" this appropriation to
carry out that enactment, let them do it.
Mr. WHITNEY. ' I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio one question. The law provides
that this system of pupilage shall commence
• -whenever the President shall see proper. Now,
I wish to'know of. the gentleman from Ohio
whether the present or the incoming President
has signified his wish that the system shall go
into effect during the forthcoming year?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from New York well knows that this is a recent
act of Congress, passed only at the last session,
revolutionizing to some extent our whole con-
sular and diplomatic system. Of course, I have
not the confidence of the Administration, and am
not advised as to what appointments are to he
made, or when they are to be made; but I will
say this, in reply to the inquiry, that if the pre-
eent or the incoming President shall not see fit to
make any appointments under the law, the money
appropriated will not be expended, but will re-
vert to the surplus fund. ,
Mr. PHELPS then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JONES, ot Tennessee. I move to reduce
the appropriation to $500. The discussion on
this provision shows the character of the legisla-
tion of this House. At the last session we passed
this consular, and diplomatic bill. The rules were
suspended, and it was then introduced and passed
under the previous question. It was hurried
through without explanation, and what do we
see to-day? We know from theVlebate which
has occurred that those then hetfe knew but little
of what was in the bill when it was passed. This
provision was for consular pupils-to be appointed
—how and when ? To be appointed by the Pres-
ident when he shall think it is necessary and
expedient so to do. Who are they to be ? Citi-
zens of the United States, who, after examina-
tion, are found to bo competent and qualified for
^the office. What is to be their age? There is no
Restriction as to age. If they are citizens of the
United States and competent, they may be older
.than either the consuls or the consuls general at
the places to which they are sent, it is to a cer-
tain extent increasing the number of consuls—
making two at one place. The President may
appoint a man as consul at a place where the fees
will not amount to more thaw $100, and then as-
sign that man's son as his pupil at a salary of
$1 ,000. He has the authority, under this law,
to appoint these consular pupils at a salary not
exceeding $],000 each, and to assign them where
he chooses
If it wore in order, I would not only vote to
strike out the provision making the appropria-
tion, but would move a repeal of the provision in
the law for the appointment of these consular
pupils. If the appropriation is made, it presup-
poses that the President will appoint every one
of these twenty-five pupils, and give them the
maximum of salary authorized by law. It is
discretionary with him after this appropriation
is made, whether he will or will not appoint these
pupils. I hold that, although it may have been
the duty of the Committee of Ways and Means
to report this provision, it is the prerogative of
the House to strike it out and refuse to make the
appropriation. If there is no appropriation, then
I take it that the President will not exercise the
large discretion given to him in this matter.
Why should we carry on a system of consular j
education, and not a system of legislative educa-;
tion? If we have consular pupils, why should |
we not have legislative pupils and executive J
pupils and schools ? Why should we not have I
schools for the education of citizens to discharge !
all the duties required of them by the Govern-'
went? In my judgment, the original law is i
" Wrong; and as this is the only way we have for I
the present to correct it, I hope the whole appro-j
priation will be stricken out. j
December 30,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The co
now understand the manner m which the consular
and diplomatic bill was passed at the last session
of Congress. It was passed hurriedly under a
suspension of the rules at^d the operation of the
previous question, without any opportunity for
investigation. The consequence was, that there
were not twenty members wlfO understood what
it was they were to enact into a law. We are
now asked to make an appropriation of $25,000
to carry into effect a particular clause of that bill.
We know not whether the President will deWn
it expedient to appoint the pupils provided for.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will state that prep-
arations are being made at the State Department
in anticipation of the appointment of these con-
sular pupils. There is an estimate from the
Treasury Department, that these _ #25,000 are
necessary for the purpose of carrying that law
into effect. This estimate has been sent to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and it was on
that estimate the committee acted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not conceive
that the bill as it passed at the last session imposes
the slightest obligation on the House to make
this appropriation. If we pass the clause under
consideration, then it is clear that we ratify the
law. If we refuse, however, to pass this appro-
priation, the President will not attempt to make
these appointments. If we pass this appropria-
tion, I repeat, then we agree to this particular
Yeature of the law. What is that law? It simply
authorizes the President to make these appoint-
ments if he sees fit. It is certain, then, if we do
not pass this appropriation, that he will not deem
it expedient to make these appointments.
I think the committee ought to look at the
question as an original one—as a question brought
here for the first time. They ought not to pass an
appropriation to carry into effect a provision of
law like this, which they disapprove. Let them
refuse to appropriate this money, and my word
for it there will be no appointments of consular
pupils. And as to the Secretary of State making
preparations for carrying this law into effect, I do
not think ^ie will trouble himself much further
with it if we refuse to appropriate this money.
Asa matter of course, no appointments can or
will be made before the first of January next; and
if we now make no appropriation there will be
no appointments. We will thus get rid of this
provision of law which has been so improvidently
enacted. I trust it will be the pleasure of the
committee to strike out the entire provision.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation fifty dollars. The gentleman from
Virginia who last spoke says that when this bill
passed it was passed under a suspension of the
rules and the operation of the previous question,
without opportunity for examination of its pro-
visions, and that therefore the committee ought
to look at this provision as a new and original
question. Let us look at the Journals of the
House—those tell-tale volumes that so often " vin -
dicate the truth of history," to use a phrase fa-
miliar upon this floor. I find that on the 5th of
August, the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs reported this bill, and it was ordered
to be printed. Ten'long days elapsed before it
was taken up for consideration. The chairman
of that committee then moved a suspension of
the rules, and it was taken up and passed, the
gentleman from Virginia voting with the major-
ity of two thirds necessary to suspend the rules.
This is, to my mind, conclusive evidence that
that gentleman had read and considered the pro-
visions of this bill, and that they had met with
his entire approbation.
I had some hesitancy about votingfor that bill,
and perhaps it was the consular pupil feature of
the bill which finally induced me to give it my
support. I did not approve of many of its pro-
visions. I did not approve of taking away the
salary of the consul at Dublin and continuing that
of the consuls at Cork and Belfast; because, in a
commercial point of view, I regard Dublin as
entitled to quite as much consideration in the
legislation of this House, so far as compensation
is concerned, as either Belfast or Cork.
So far as the operation of the provisions of
this bill are concerned, and so far as the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Virginia to the
committee that this is a new subject, is concerned^
one would very naturally presume that that gen-
tleman had given the subject a full investigation,
or be would not have voted for a suspension of
the rules to take up and consider the bill. The
gentleman from Tennessee remarked that he
would repeal the section and defeat this appro-
priation altogether, and he said to me just now,
very exultingly, that he never voted for the bill.
Nobody ever expected that he would vote for a
bill which made so largo an appropriation of
money, because his well-known conscientious
guardianship over the Treasury would prevent
him from making so large an appropriation. I
fully indorse his integrity and honesty, and I take
it for granted that no bill which does not entirely
accord with his convictions of right will ever
receive his vote. } sometimes, however, pursue
the opposite course, when I suppose that thereby
the character of my country will be vindicated
abroad; and I will go so far as to vote to educate
intelligent young gentlemen for the purpose of
filling diplomatic and consular appointments, and
maintaining the honor and glory of my country's
flag upon a foreign soil.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not desire
to prolong this discussion. I rise to ask the
committee to come to a vote at once. While I
have the floor, however, 1 desire to do justice to
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman.]
I stated, when I was up before, that on looking
over the yeas and nays on the passage of the
diplomatic and consular reform bill of last ses-
sion, I found that the gentleman's name was not
recorded. In this I was in error, as on subse-
quent examination I find that the gentleman
voted against the bill. My remarks, of course,
onlyapply, therefore, to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven.] *
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the amount $2,000.
I wish it understood that I do not make this prop-
osition with a view of recognizing the principle
of the provision. I am opposed to any appro-
priation whatever. When I was up before, I
stated to the committee the circumstancc, which
I gathered from the gentleman from Tennessee,
that the consular bill of last session was passed
under a suspension of the rules. The gentleman
I from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] in reply,
thought it was a capital hit to state that I had
voted for that suspension—as though it were not
well known to this committee that we frequently
oblige each other by voting for a suspension of
the rules.
But be that as it may, I beg leave to call the
attention of the committee again to one feature in
the law. It is that provision which authorizes
the President to appoint consular pupils when he
thinks it necessary, and to appoint those to per-
form those duties who can stand an examination.
Now, the argument urged in support of the ap-
pointment of these pupils is, that it will place
these " young gentlemen"—for that seems to be
the favorite term with some members here—in
the way of being trained. But you see the bill
provides that they shall be examined previous to
their appointment, so that they have to be qual-
ified for their appointment in the first instance.
I say, then, that the whole question comes back
to this: is the policy a wise one ? Is it judicious
to have such a corps as this in our foreign agen-
cies? Ought we to have twenty-five pupils put
in training to perform these duties, when they
will constitute but a small part of the number
which will be needed ? If the system is once
introduced, where will be the end of it ? Look at
; the list of consuls to be provided for in this bill.^
j Each one will want a pupil to aid him, and to"
j become acquainted with the history of the foreign
i interests of the country. I think we had better
[ nip this thing in the bud. if we vote this appro-
: priation, we will, by solemn act, reaffirm the prin-
; ciple which was unwittingly affirmed in the bill
' of last session. I hope the committee will vote
; down this appropriation.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The pending question
is pretty well understood by .the committee. I
am opposed to the propositus®.of the gentleman
from Virginia. But I rise simply for the par-
pose of remarking upon one pointalone,to which
allusion has been made. It is true that my name
