216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
the Committee of Ways and Means -will.be found
in miscellaneous documents No. 4, prepared by
the Secretary of State. If gentlemen upon this
side of the House wish to cut this off, as they
did the consular pupils, let them vote the amend-
ment down.
Mr. GREENWOOD. As this is another sec-
tion, of the law of last session which requires an
appropriation to give it vitality, I trust we shall
vote it down. Discretionary power has been
lodged with the President to allow additional
compensation; and until that is done, and the
actual expenditure made, I think it unnecessary
to make any appropriation.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ihove to increase
the amount five dollars. I believe that we are
legislating upon a subject which requires a great
deal of study to understand, and I believe that if
we should repeal the bill called the Perkins bill,
and the bill of last session, we should be in a
condition infinitely better than that we are now in.
If my friend from Arkansas will look through the
list of salaries of the various consuls, and look at
the expenditures to which they are subjected, he
will be satisfied that their compensation is alto-
gether inadequate. The Government derives a
revenue of nearly one third of a million of dollars
from the fees of these consuls, which formerly
went into the pockets of the consuls. I can name
several ports where consuls are placed, where the
compensation allowed them by law will not pay
their rent and clerk hire, and when the bill of last
session goes into operation, our consular system
will be broken up.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Under the old bill that
would be true.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Consuls who serve
in foreign countries- are subjected to greater ex-
penses than they are at homevTor the expenses,
are more than double, besides the expenses of
going abroad and returning. So far as I am con-
cerned 1 should be glad to repeal all the laws re-
cently enacted in relation to our consular system,
and go back to the old law of 1799.
The question was taken on Mr. Fuller's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the first portion
of Mr. Campbell's amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ritchie and
Chaffee were appointed.
The question was taken; and only seven mem-
bers voted in the affirmative.
^So the amendment was not agreed to.
jThe question was then taken on the second
portion of the amendment; and it was agreed
to.
p Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
Committee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Orr having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Sapp
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and had. instructed him
to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments, and with a recommendation that it
do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER asked that the vote be taken
on concurring with the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in all their amend-
ments. "
Mr. FLORENCE asksd for a separate vote
upon the amendment striking out the appropria-
tion for consular pupils.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The other amendments of the Committee of
the Whole were then concurred in en masse.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion "to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to. • °
ADJOURNMENT OVEK.
' Mr. LETCHER moved that when, the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
The motion was agreed to;
And then, on motion of Mr. RUFFIN, (at
half past three o'clock,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 2, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of Tuesday last was read and
approved. A
MESSAGE FEOMTHE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 607) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1858.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which were thereupon signed by the Pres-
ident pro tempore:
An act for the relief of James llarrington;
and
^An act providing for the compulsory prepay-
ment of postage on all transient printed matter.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a statement of
the appropriations applicable to the service of the
War Department for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1856, the amount drawn and the balance in
the Treasury at the end of the year, and the ap-
propriations carried to the surplus fund; which
was, on motion of Mr. Fish, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Navy,^communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in-
formation concerning the practicability of con-
structing steam vessels so as to afford greater
security against accident by fire; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Stuart, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 14th August last, a report of Superintendent
Bache on the construction and distribution of
standards of weights and measures.
Mr. STUART. I understand that that com-
munication was called for by a resolution offered
by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]
who is not nowhere. I therefore suggest the pro-
priety of laying it on the table for the present,until
he shall be in his seat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was the
wish of the absent Senator that it should lie on
the table until his return; and that order will be
made if there is no objection. The Chair hears
none.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of William
Aitken, .Tames Kelley, and others, who served
in the Japan expedition under Commodore Perry,
praying to be allowed extra pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of officers of
the New York State militia, praying for a re-
vision, by Congress, of the militia laws of the
United States, and that an annual appropriation
may be made for arming and equipping the militia
of the States with improved arms and accouter-
ments; which was referred to the Committee on
the Militia.
Also, the^memorial of the Chamber of Com- )
merce of New York, praying for an appropri-
ation for the removal of obstructions to naviga- ,
tion at the entrance to the harbor of that city;
which was referred to the Committee on Com- i
merce. j
Mr. COMEGYS presented the petition of i
Thomas Lyons, a soldier in the war of 1812, j
praying to be allowed a pension; which was j
referred to the Committee on Pensions. I
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the enact-
ment of a law to confirm the selections of swamp
and overflowed lands made by that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture ot Iowa, praying fT>r a grant of land to aid in
the construction of a railroad from McGregor's
Landing to the Missouri river; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio, in favor of the establishment of
additional mail routes in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H.R.No.370) for the relief of Mary
Ann Clark, was read the first and second times
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 607) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1858, was- read the first and second times by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
John Mitchell, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 486) for the relief of John Mitch-
ell, of the District of Columbia. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Io"Va, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 225)
for the relief of Joseph Richards, of Berks county, Pennsyl-
vania, and that it be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Stuart the 15th December, to print
five hundred extra copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for tho
use of that office, reported in favor of printing the
same; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the resolution submitted by Mr. Sebas-
tian* the 11th ^December, to print two thousand
additional copies of the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs for the use of that
office, reported in favor of printing the same.
The report was agreed to.
Mr, JOHNSON. I am instructed by the same
committee to report adversely on a resolution
offered by the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stu-
art] on the 15th of December, to print two hun-
dred and fifty additional copies of the report of
Colonel Emory, the commissioner to run and
mark the boundary line "between the United States
and Mexico, for the use of the Department of the
Interior. By the present regulations, twenty-five
copies uniformly go for distribution to the De-
partment of State, and five additional copies for
the Department making a report for preserva-
tion. The committee deem the two hundred and
fifty additional copies unnecessary, and I make
the adverse report.
The report was concurred in.
WESTERN HARBORS,
Mr. STUART. The other day there was laid
on the table a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting the report of Colonel Gra-
ham of the survey of harbors on the lakes. I
have now examined it, and I send to the table
resolutions respecting its printing. I beg leave
to say, that a portion of this report was called for
at the last session of Congress, and printed, and
the remaining portion has never been printed.
1 he resolution I offer proposes to print the whole
of it now; and then I have another resolution
which, I suppose, will go to the Committee on
Printing, that five hundred extra copies be printed
for the use of Colonel Gra.ham himself;
Resolved, That the whole report of Lieutenant Colonel
Graham upon the harbors, See., in Wisconsin. Illinois, In-
diana, and Michigan, be printed for the use ot the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. STUART submitted the following reso-
