1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of said report
be printed for the use of Colonel Graham.
diplomatic correspondence.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resoleei, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public
interest, copies of all correspondence between the kovern-
mejits of the United States and the Netherlands m relation
to the refusal of diplomatic agents of the latter Government
to appear before courts* of justice of the United States, ana
give testimony in criminal cases of facts bearing thereon
of which they may be cognizant.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the removal of Diamond
reef and Coentie's reef, at Hell Gate, in the harbor
of New York. .
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to repeal the law granting
bounties for catching codfish.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a' bill to divide the State of
Indiana into two judicial districts, and to provide
for holding the district and circuit courts of' the
United States therein.
bill introduced.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 485) for the relief of Martin Millett, of
Iowa; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred, with the accompanying_ papers, to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
george w. torrence.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Senate to
take up a bill for the relief of a very afflicted
gentleman, who served most gallantly in the war
with Mexico, by the name of George W. Tor-
rcnce. He. is much deformed in consequence of
the wounds he received, and is a very poor man.
He lost his fortune and his position in the army
in consequence of his wounds. The bill has
passed the House of Representatives, and would
have been passed here at the last session, I be-
lieve, but for want of time, it being brought up
at the last hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 359) increasing the pen-
sion of George W. Torrenee.
Mr. HALE. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail. It' we go on with the Private Calendar, let
us take it up regularly. It was understood that
we were not to go on with business until after
this vacation was over. I do not think it fair to
take up private bills in this way.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I withdraw the mo-
tion, if that is the understanding of the Senate.
I did not know that it was.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know that there
was any understanding about the time to which
the Senate should adjourn when it adjourns to-
day, but I suppose it was understood by the
members who were absent that the Senate would
meet on Monday next. For the purpose of
ascertaining the sense of the body, I submit a
motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
- The motion was agreed to.
revolutionary claims.
Mr. SEWARD. The understanding I have
of the business of the Senate is, that when the
Senate came to the conclusion to transact no busi-
ness during the holidays, it left the business
where it was at that time to be resumed in the
order in which it stood. I suppose, therefore,
that the special order for next Monday will be
the revolutionary claims bill. The honorable
chairman of the Committee oil Revolutionary
Claims is absent, and I desire to speak on that
subject. I shall ask the Senate to take up that
bill on that day at one o'clock.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 2, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo. *
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
expenditures of war department.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with law, a statement of the
appropriations applicable to the service of the
War Department during the fiscal year 1855-56,
the amount drawn from the Treasury by requi-
sitions during the same period, the balance on the
1st of July, 1856, an# such appropriations as
have been carried to the surplus fund; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
pay of deputy postmasters.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to amend an act entitled " An act regulating the
pay of deputy postmasters,"approved 22d June,
1854; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BAREOUR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill of which
previous notice has been given.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the call on the standing committees for
reports on private cases.
Mr. G1DDINGS. This is objection day in
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and we may, if we try, dispose of
a great many of the private bills. I therefore
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill pro-
viding for the establishment of a mail route, and
carrying a semi-weekly mail between the Mis-
sissippi river and San Francisco, in the State of
California, of which previous notice has been
given, for reference only.
Mr. BARKSDAIft." I object.
Mr. Giddings's motion was then agreed to.
the private calendar.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Orr in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the Private
Calendar.
This being objection day, the reading of the
Calendar was commenced at the point where it
was left olf on the last objection day, and such
bills as there was no objection to, were, without
debate, laid aside to be reported to the House.
A bill (H. R. No. 323) for the relief of S.
Knapp.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. PHELPS. If this bill passes, there are
divers other pension agents, who, being in a like
position, ought also to be provided for; and be-
lieving there ought to be a general law for that
purpose, I object. I am for general, not special
legislation.
A bill (H. R. No. 405) for the relief of Com-
mander John L. Saunders.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Commander John L. Saunders, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, §250, in full compensation for enter-
taining on board the ship St. Mary's, Colonel
John C. Eldridge, whilst a bearer of dispatches
from Pensacola to Aransas, in September, 1845.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. It. No. 407) for the relief of the
heirs of Mary Jemison, deceased.
Mr. PHELPS. This is a bill to reimburse to
an individual a loss, sustained by the default of
an Indian agent, of some private funds. I do
not believe that the Government ought to insure
such matters, and therefore I object.
A bill (H. R. No. 412) for the relief of William
Burdell, Samuel Medary, and William T. Mar-
tin, administrators of the estate of Edgar Gale,
deceased. /[Objected to By Mr. Jones, of Tenn-
essee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 439) to authorize the Post-
master General to execute a contract with Messrs.
Garman, Wigle, and Benford, for carrying the
mail from Cumberland, Maryland, to Greens-
burg, Pennsylvania. i
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (C. C. No. 7) for the relief of Almanzon
Huston. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
An adverse report (£. C. No. 21) in the case
of Cassius M. Clay. *
Mr. HAVEN. I think these adverse repos^
of the Court of Claims had better be laid aside to
be reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that the report of the court be confirmed.
Mr. LETCHER. The House may reverse
the report.
Mr. HAVEN. Gentlemen need not be alarmed
at the idea of the House reversing the report.
There is no bill upon which to act.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I think it will be
better for the report to remain where it is. I
object.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 22) in the case
of Susan Decatur. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb,
of Alabama.]
A bill (C. C. No. 9) for the relief of Joseph
White.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Joseph White $561 02, being for the
amount of money by mistake omitted to be cred-
ited to him, as Navy agent, in settling his accounts
at the Treasury.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to tha
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
ibbiU (H. R No'. 43G) for the relief of James
P. Fleming, of Augusta, Georgia.
The report states that the case presents a claim
for compensation in consideration of extra ser-
vices rendered in transportingthe mails. Itappears
that the memorialist at the lettings in 1851 became
the contractor, being the lowest bidder for carry-
ing the mails on route No. 33313, between the
city of Augusta, Georgia, and the Ninety-mile
station on the Central-railroad in that State, a dis-
tance of fifty-three miles, at the rate of sixteen
hundred dollars per annum, and that extra ser-
vice was imposed on and performed by the claim-
ant.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If this bill ought
to pass at all, the money should be paid out of*
the Post Office fund. I niove to amend so as to
make the amount be paid out of any money to
the credit of the Post Office Department not other-
wise expended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be re-
poited to the House, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 438) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Thomas Gill.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay the full amount of five
years' commutation pay of a captain of cavalry
in the army of the Revolution, to the legal repre-
sentatives of Captain Thomas Gill, late of tha
army of the Revolution, (Sumter's division.)
From the report it appears that Captain
Thomas Gill entered the service as a militia man
in the Camden district, South Carolina, in De-
cember, 1778, under Captain Philip Walker, and
that he served in this capacity about three months,
when he was discharged; and that in a few days
afterwards lie volunteered under the said Cap-
tain Walker, upon a call for volunteers, and
marched to General Lincoln's headquarters, on
the Savannah river; and that under the command
of Colonel Lawrence, a regular officer, he
marched to Charleston early in the year 1™>
where he remained until about August, 1779,
when the company to which he belonged was
disbanded. That "shortly afterwards he again
ll enlisted under Captain Alexander Pagan, at Ran-
sum's Mills, in North Carolina, and was attached
: to Colonel Sumter's regiment, and maicheu to
ii Rouky Mount, South Carolina; thence to Gam-
! den; and that in August, 1780, he was elected a
lieutenant in said company. From thence they
j were marched to Old Fields, where a battle
ll occurred between the forces of Geneial Sumter
