■916
THE CONGRESSIOKA-L GJW>BE.
January 2,
and the British forces, in which Captain Pagan
was killed, and most of the" company cut to
pieces or taken prisoners. The remnant of that
company, reinforced by other volunteers, shortly
afterwards organized, and elected said Lieutenant
Gill their captain, in which capacity he continued
tro serve in General Sumter's division until the
close of the war. ■ That while in said agrvice he
was in the battles of Congaree, Byging Church,
and at Engro's Quarters, besides several skir-
mishes with the enemy.
Under the resolution of Congress he, as such
officer, was entitled to the full pay of such officer
for five years, in lieu of tHI half pay for life, as
the evidence from the Departments shows that no
application was made by him during his lifetime,
nor by his heirs since his death.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
An act (S. No. 205) for the relief of Peter
Grover.
The bill directs that there be paid to Peter Gro-
ver, of the State of Maine, $800, being for inju-
ries received while in the employment of the Uni-
ted States in a dangerous service, and for medical
and other expenses incurred in consequence
thereof.
It appears that Mr. Grover was employed on
the public work in the construction of the forti-
fications in Portland harbor, in the State of Maine,
under the charge and direction of Lieutenant Ste-
veus„Umted States engineer; and, while he was
engaged in blasting a rock, a suclden and unex-
pected explosion occurred, by which he was se-
riously and permanently injured. The injury
was received in July, 1846, and four physicians
of the town of his residence certify, in Decem-
ber, 1849, that he was still t-hree fourths disabled
from labor by the effect of the injuries received
at Fort Scammel.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
A bill (H. It. No. 440) for the relief of the
sureties of Daniel AVinslow.
The bill provides that Daniel Winslow and
James N. Winslow, and their legal representa-
tives, and the real and personal property of each,
be released and relieved from all judgments, and
from all liens and incumbrances of said judg-
ments, in favor of the United States, obtained
•against them in any district court of the United
States ns security for Daniel Winslow; provided,
the costs of said suits be first paid by the said
Winslows.
The report shows, that on the 29th of Septem-
ber, 1846, Daniel Winslow, as principal and the
only party in interest, and David Winslow and
James N. Winslow a3 sureties,entered into con-
tract with the Chief of the Bureau of Provisions
and Clothing to deliver at the navy-yard in
Charlestown, Massachusetts, one thousand eight
hundred barrels of navy beef, between the 1st of
January and the 15th of June, 1847, at the price
of $7 87j per barrel.
It appears that the regular business of Daniel
Winslow, and of his father, had been that of
packing beef for forty years, and that upon an
average price of navy beef for twenty-five years
next preceding the year 1846, this contract would,
upon that basis, have afforded a moderate profit I
only. That the said Daniel Winslow entere.d I
into this contract as a part of his regular busi- i
ness, and not on a speculation. That he had a
competent knowledge and acquaintance with the
business, and, as far as appears, managed it with
ordinary prudence and discretion.
In November, 1845, the year preceding the con-
tract, Winslow was able to pack beefat$7per
barrel; but soon after the execution of this con-
tract, in the fail of 1846, prices began to rise, and
in October of that year beef was worth $8 to $8 25
per barrel; in December, /rom $11 to $12 per
barrel; and in January and February, 1847, it
went up to §13 50, and soon after to $14 and §15
per barrel. It is stated, that this rapid and un-
usual advancement of prices wag induced by the
progress of the Mexican war, and the occurrence
of the famine in Ireland, which produced an ex-
traordinary and unlooked-for demand for pro-
fusion* for exportation.
It further appears that Mr. Winslow, with the
view of fulfilling his contract, whatever might be
the consequences to himself, continued to pur-
chase airthe cattle he could obtain, Until the
actual «ost of tho beef reached per barrel,
rocking a loss to the contractor of $4 12| upon
each barrel, or about thirty-three per cent. He
had not the capital required to enable him to
overcome these difficulties; and after having fur-
bished about three hundred and fifty barrels, he
failed, and became hopelessly insolvent. In fur-
nishing the residue ofjthe beef embraced in the
contract, the-United States paid $8,061 75 more
than the contract price—having paid from $12 94
to §14 50 per barrel—and for that sum, with
costs and interest, judgmeflfcs have been rendered,
by consent of parties, to satisfy which the entire
property of the aged father of the contractor,
consisting of a small homestead farm, has been
set off to the United States.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 441) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy. [Objected to by Mr, Jones, of
Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of Thomas
B. Steele, passed assistant surgeon of the Navy
of the United States.
The bill provides that there be paid to Thomas
B. Steele, passed assistant surgeon of the Navy
of the United States, §717 66, being the difference
of compensation to an assistant surgeon and a
passed assistant surgeon, from the 24th of April,
1852, to the 21st of April, 1855.
The petitioner was commissioned as assistant
surgeon in March, 1847. In March, 1847, he
went to sea on duty in the home squadron, and
remained at sea until December, 1849. In Sep-
tember, 1850, he was ordered to join the Sara-
toga, under orders for the China seas, and served
in the East India and the Japan squadron until
1854.
By the act of 1820, approved May 24 of that
year, an assistant surgeon who has been in ser-
vice four years, and has seen two years' service,
is entitled to be examined, and if found qualified,
to be passed for promotion with increased pay.
, Those officers of the petitioner's date who were
in the United States were examined and passe'd
! in "the spring of 185:2; but the petitioner then
! being in service on distant seas by order of the
Department, could not be examined until April,
1855, at which time he was passed; and his war-
rant, therefore, bears date in the spring of 1852.
In consequence thereof, the Department decided
that the petitioner could only be paid as an
assistant surgeon from the time at which he was
examined.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy. [Objected to by Mr. Houston.]
A bill (II. R. No. 452) for the relief of Solo-
mon Hopkins. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
An act (S. No. 261) granting bounty land to
Jared L. Elliott.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall cause a warrant to be granted and issued
to Jared L. Elliott, late chaplain in the Army, for
one hundred and sixty acres of land, as bounty,
upon the production of such proofs of identity
and term of service as may be required by law.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Francis
Wlodecki. [Objected to by Mr. McMui/Uir.]
A bill (H. R. No. 454) for the relief of Mark
Bean and Richard H. Bean, of Arkansas.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Virginia not to object to this case. It
is one of the most meritorious cases on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand the matter,
this man went and located upon the land without
a particle of ^tle, and now, when the Govern-
ment has disposed of its lands, he comes forward
and asks us to pay damages.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That is not a correct
statement of the case. If discussion can be per-
mitted, I will show another side to the mat-
ter
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The bill is objected to, and goes over.
A bill (H. R. No. 455) for the relief of Nancy
D. Halker, widow and administratrix. of John
Holker, deceased. [Objected to by Mr. Mc-
Miillin.]
A bill (H. R. No. 456) for the relief of the
heirs of Alexander Stevenson, a soldier of the
revolutionary war.
Mr. LETCHER moved to strike out so much
of the bij.l as provides for the payment of interest.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER then objected; and the bill
was passed on the Calendar.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) for the relief
of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and
Hugh Stewart. [Objected to by Mr. McMcllin.)
A bill (H. R. No. 457) to confirm the title of
Ethan Ray Clark and Samuel Ward Clark to
certain lands claimed under a grant from the
Spanish Government. [Objected to by Mr. Un-
derwood.]
Mr. AKERS moved that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 458) for the relief of Roswell
Minard, father of Theodore Minard, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Nichols.]
A bill (H. R. No. 459) for the relief of John
C. McConnell.
The bill directs that $993 42 be paid to John
i C. McConnell, the same being for fresh beef fur-
nished by him to General Cluitman's brigade of
volunteers in the Mexican war in April, 1847.
It appears from the report, that in April, 1847,
during the war with Mexico, while the volunteer
brigade, under command of Brigadier General
Gluitman, was on its march from Vera Cruz to
Jalapa, there being no beef contractor with the
troops, the petitioner, John C. McConnell, agreed
with General Q.uitman to supply the brigade tem-
porarily with fresh beef, at six cents per pound.
That said McConnell did accordingly supply the
troops of said brigade with beef, purchased by
him from the Mexican inhabitants, from the 10th
to the 22d of April, in such quantities as were
required, amounting in all to sixteen thousand
five hundred and fifty-seven pounds, for which,
at the prices stipulated, he was entitled to receive
the sum of $993 42, no part of which has been
paid to the said McConnell by the United States.
It appears further, from the certificate of General
Quitman, that the fresh beef thus furnished by
the said McConnell was necessary for the sub-
sistence of the troops, in quantity within the
regulations of the service, and actually issued to
the troops.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 460) to reimburse the estate
of Joseph MeClure, a paymaster'in the war of
1812.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to David MeClure, administrator of Joseph
MeClure, a regimental paymaster in Colonel
Warren's regiment of New York militia in the
war of 1812, $551 36, thesame being the amount
of a judgment paid by MeClure to the United
States for moneys paid out by him, for which
the vouchers were burned, but which was paid
by him to his regiment.
It appears from the evidence that Joseph
MeClure, as the paymaster of the said regiment,
received money to pay off his regiment; that he
did pay the regiment, but that the vouchers for
such payment were destroyed by fire at Buffalo;
that the Governmentbrought suit against MeClure
and his sureties for the sum of money for which
he could show no vouchers, on account of their
having been destroyed, and recovered the same;
that one of his sureties was cognizant of the fact
that the money was paid to the regiment, but
being a party defendant to the suit ins evidence
was not admissible, which enabled the Govern-
ment to carry the suit against them. Since that
time MeClure reimbursed his sureties the amount
recovered against them, and his administrator
now petitions to Congress to allow tho estate the
sum of the judgment paid, amounting to $551 36.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bili (H. R. No. 461) authorizing the pay-
ment of the Government's, share of the expenses
