220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
The bill, as amended* was Ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and .being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to get unan-
imous consent to introduce a bill in which my
constituents have no interest, and which is for
the public good.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I gject.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. CAMPRELL, of Ohio, moved that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. *
The motion was agreed to—ayes 80, noes 47.
And then, on motion of Mr. THORINGTON,
the House (at three o'clock and fifteen minutes,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 5, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. MASON. I will state to the Senate that
I have received a letter from the President pro
tempoic of the Senate, asking me to discharge the
duties of the chair for this day; which I will
lay before the Senate.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Washington, January 3,1857.
Sir: Expecting to be absent on Monday next, the 5th
instant, I leanest that you will officiate in the chair oikiie
Senate on that day. ^
I have the lionor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
JESSE D. BRIGHT,
President of the Senate) pro tempore.
To the Hon. James M. Mason, United States Senator.
Mr. MASON. If there be no objection, I will
comply with tlft request of the President of the
Senate.
There was no objection; and-Mr. Mason
accordingly took the chair, and called the Senate
to order.
Mr. CASS, at a later hour of the day, rose and
said: I understand that the President of the
Serial a pro tempore will be absent for some days.
His powers of substitution to the chair beyond
one day is doubted; I therefore rise to give notice
that on the opening of the Senate to-morrow, I
shall move that the body proceed to the election
of a President pro tempore.
THE JOURNAL.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, a statement show-
ing the disbursements on account of the contin-
gent expenses of the military establishment during
the year 1856; which was, on motion of Mr.
Weller, ordered to he on the table and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, a statement of the expenses of the national
armories, and of the arms and appendages made
thereat during the year ending June 30, 1856;
winch was, on motion of Mr. Weller, ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of the
Alexandria, Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad
Company, of Virginia, praying for a grant of
public land to aid in the construction of their
railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Ed-
■ward'Greenman, praying for remuneration for
sufferings and privations endured by him during
his impressment into the British naval service in
the war cf 1812; which was referred to.the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. BIGLEll presented resolutions of the
Pittsburg Board or Trade, in relation to the im-
provement of the Ohio river; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial of a meet-
ing of citizens of the city and county of New-
port, Rhode Island, praying that pensions for
life may be granted to the surviving officers, sol-
diers, and seamen of the war of 1812, and to the
widows of those deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of citizens of Tennessee praying that the
same pensions may be granted to the officers and
soldiers of the war of 1812 that had been allowed
to the officers and soldiers of the Revolution;
which was referred to ttakCommittee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa and other States, praying for the enact-
ment>of a law granting relief to the heirs of rev-
olutionary soldiers; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of additional mail facilities
between Wapello and Mount Pleasant, and be-
tween Fort Des Moines and Mount Ayr, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of mariners,
ship-owners, and others, citizens of Michigan,
praying for an appropriation for the erection of
a light-house at the south end of the channel
between Georgian Bay and Lake Huron; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of the legal representatives
of Thomas Maddin, deceased; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition
of Sterritt Ramsey, a purser in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed the difference between leave-of-
absence pay and full pay to which he was entitled
while on duty; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Ignatius Lucas
and others, watchmen in the Navy Department,
praying for compensation for extra services;
which, with their petition on the files of the
Senate, was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. gfe
Mr. DOUGLAS presented J fie petition of Jeffry
T. Adams, praying for compensation for services
as one of the clerks of the United States court in
the Territory of Minnesota; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a petition of residents of
Fulton and McDonough counties, Illinois, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from
Vermont to Macomb in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message -tfas received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 405) for the relief of Com-
mander John L. Saunders;
A bill (H. R. No. 438) for the relief of the
heirs of Captain Thomas Gill;
A bill (C. C. No. a) for the relief of Joseph
White;
A bill (H. R. No. 440) for the relief of the
sureties of Daniel Winslow;
A bill (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of Thomas
B. Steele, passed assistant surgeon of the Navy
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 459) for the relief of John
C. McConnell;
A bill (H. R. No. 460) to reimburse the estate
jf Joseph McClure, a paymaster in the war of
A bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of Jesse
Morrison, of Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 466) for the relief of Wil-
liam Kendall;
A bill (H. R. No. 429) to authorize the Post-
masterGeneral to execute a contract with Messrs.
^arroan, Wigle, and Benford, for carrying the
mail from Cumberland, Maryland, to Greens-
burg, Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 465) for the relief of Antoine
Robideau; and
A bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of James
P. Fleming, of Augusta, Georgia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following Senate bills:
An act (No. 205) for the relief of Peter Gro-
ver;
An act (No. 261) granting bounty land to
Jared L. Elliott; and
An act (No. 224) for the relief of A. S. Ben-
der.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed the
following bills and joint resolution:
An act for the relief of James Harrington;
An act providing for the compulsory prepay-
ment of postage on all transient printed matter;
and
A joint resolution giving further time to the
creditors of Texas to present their claims, and
for other purposes.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Michael Muss,
praying for indemnification for losses sustained
byimprisonment in Mexico, on the ground that,
however just the demand may be against the
Mexican Government, it constitutes no demand
against this. Government. For the purpose of
having the claim placed on the files of the State
Department, I move that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers.
The committee were discharged, and leave
was granted to withdraw the petition and papers.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
George W. Pittman, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 370) for the relief
of Mary Ann Clark, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Minerva Catlett, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
448) for the relief of Mrs. Minerva Catlett, widow
of Dr. Hanson Catlett, surgeon in the United
States Army. The bill was read a first and second
time, and the report ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ADAMS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 487)
to provide for the transportation of the United
States mails upon railroads; which was read the
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated bel6w:
A bill (No. 405) for the relief of Commander
John L. Saunders—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A bill (No. 438) for the relief of the heirs of
Captain Thomas Gill—to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
A bill (C. C. No. 9) for the relief of Joseph
White—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 440) for the relief of th e sureties of
Daniel Winslow—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 446) for the relief of Thomas B.
Steele, passed assistant surgeon of the Navy of
the United States—to the.Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A bill (No. 459) for the relief of John C.
McConnell—to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. 1
A bill (No. 460) to reimburse the estate of
Joseph McClure, a paymaster in the war of 1812
—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 463) for the relief of Jesse Mor-
rison, of Illinois—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill (No. 466) for the relief of William Ken-
dall—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 429) to authorize the Postmaster
General to execute a contract with Messrs. Gar-
man, Wigle, and Benford, for carrying the mail
from' Cumberland, Maryland, to Greensburg,
