1857
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
Pennsylvania—to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 465) for the relief of Antoine Rob-
ideau—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 436) for the relief of James P.
Fleming, of Augusta, Georgia—to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
JUDICIAL POWERS OF CONSULS.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Reiolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of extending so
much of the act entitled " An act to carry into effect certain
provisions in the treaties between the United States and
the Ottoman Porte giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters and consuls of the United States in those countries,"
approved August 31,1848, us confers judicial power upon
consuls over various islands m the Pacific ocean.
ST. CLAIR PLATS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War lay before the Sen-
ate any additional information that has been received about
the St. Ciair Fiats, and a copy of the chart of said flats,
and to state the amount of any additional appropriation, if
any, that may be required for said work.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a report on a
privileged question, and I call the attention of the
Senator from Iowa to it. The credentials of the
sitting member from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary some
time ago. Wo have had several meetings, and
given the subject very careful consideration. The
committee have not agreed unanimously, but a
majority of them have instructed me to submit
a statement of facts, which is very long. The
report concludes as follows;
" The foregoing st-itement of facts and recital of clauses
of laws and constitutions present alt the questions included
in the controversy growing out of the contested election
lindei consideration.
11 From the views which a majority of the committee
have taken of these questions, they have come to the con-
clusion that the sitting memher, Mr. Harlan, has not
been duly elected a Senator of the United States by the
Legislature of Iowa : Therefore,
" Resolved, That the seat of the aforesaid gentleman be
declared vacant."
I ask that the report be received and printed,
and such a day assigned for its consideration as
the gentleman from Iowa may designate.
Mr. TOOMBS. This decision of the commit-
tee was arrived at this morning; and I hope, if the
report is to be printed, that the minority of the
committee will be allowed to file their reasons for
dissent, and have them printed also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
understood, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire that the subject shall
be disposed of at as early a day as will suit the
convenience of the Senate. I therefore suggest
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator that
the documents can hardly be printed by that
time.
Mr. BUTLER. It is a long report.
Mr. STUART. I will suggest that this is a
privileged question, and can be called up at any
time, and will take precedence of special orders
or anything else, whenever a motion is made to
call it up.
_ Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to allow-
ing it to be passed over informally, with the un-
derstanding that it can be called up at any time
after the report shall have been printed. [" Cer-
tainly."]
MAR ¥ REESIDE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Claims to report back to the Senate
a bill of the House of Representatives for the
relief of Mary Reeside, accompanied by a report,
and to ask for its immediate consideration. I
will state that it is founded on a claim, which has
been allowed by the Court of Claims, which has
been unanimously reported upon favorably by the
committee of the House of Representatives, and
passed the House, and of which the committee
of the Senate recommend the passage at the pres-
ent time. I ask for its consideration now, because
I presume there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (C. C. No. 13) for the relief ofMary Reeside.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Mary Reeside, executrix of the will of James
Reeside, the sum of $188,496 06, with interest
from the 6th of December 1841, being in full for
the amount due on a verdict and judgment ren-
dered by the circuit court of the United States
for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, in a suit
in which the United States were plaintiffs, and
James Reeside defendant.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report upon that
bill ? If there is, I should like to hear it read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a report from
the committee of the House of Representatives,
and also a very voluminous report from the com-
mittee of the Senate. I will state to the Senator
the exact position of the matter, as I have myself
examined the question very carefully.
This claim is founded upon a certificate which
I consider to be a verdict of a jury, found some
years ago in a suit brought against Mr. Reeside
by the Government of the United States, arising
out of certain mail contracts. The suit was
brought with a view to adjust the accounts be-
tween the United States and Mr. Reeside, the
then Postmaster General claiming on behalf of
the United States a balance due. There was a
long trial, a very minute, particular, and fair ex-
amination by a jury, whose integrity and capa-
city were unquestioned, before two judges of the
United States, one of the supreme court and one
of the district court in Pennsylvania, of high
character. It resulted in a certificate, under the
statutes of Pennsylvania, by the jury, which was
made part of the record, and proves a certain
balance due to Mr. Reeside. From that time he
has been endeavoring during his life, and his ex-
ecutrix since his death, to recover that balance.
It has not been paid.
Her petition was brought before Congress with
all the papers, and it was referred to the Court
of Claims That court examined it carefully,
and a majority of the court decided, after full
examination, in an opinion which is printed,
and to be found in thepapers, that the certificate,
although not in the shape of a judgment which
could be enforced ^gainst the United States, for
the reason that pnWsss could not run against the
United States, was a verdict, and should have
all the force and effect of a verdict, as in a case
between man and man; and there is no reason,
that I can understand, why it should not be so
considered; because the trial was full and careful
and minute, was fair in every particular, and the
decision approved itself to the judgment of the
judges who tried the cause; the only doubt being
whether the jury might not well have found a
larger balance due to Mr. Reeside. The result
of withholding the money was, that Mr. Reeside
was ruined in his pecuniary affairs, and bccame
a poor man, and his family became and have
continued impoverished.
It has rested until this time. The Court of
Claims, on full argument and examination, de-
cided that that verdict should be considered con-
clusive, and they made report accordingly to the
House of Representatives, from which they re-
ceived the papers. The committee of the House
of Representatives examined it, and although
they did not all concur in the principles laid down
by the Court of Claims, yet the whole concurred
in the conclusion that the claim was a just and
honest one; that it would be grossly unfair and
oppressive to reexamine it at this distance of
time, when witnesses were dead, and there was j
no possibility of having that fair examination ;
which took place many years ago, when it was >
tried at the instance of the United States. They '
concurred unanimously, as I understand, in re-
porting in favor of the claim, and it passed with
very little, if any, opposition in the House of
Representatives.
It came here and was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims. It has been before our committee
for some time. It was referred to us during the
last session of Congress. Several of us have ex-
amined it. I have myself examined it carefully.
I will state that I am not entirely convinced, as a
lawyer, of the correctness of the principle which
was assumed by the majority of the "Court of
Claims in reference to the character of the certifi-
cate, and yet the inclination of my judgment is
with the majority instead of the minority of the
court. I found some difficulty in working out
the legal problem in my own.mind, and passed it
over, therefore, with a view to look at the case
upon other grounds; and I came to the conclu-
sion without any difficulty, as did the committee
of which I am a member, that whatever might be
the true aspect of that question, Mrs. Reeside
presented herself with peculiar merits. A suit
commenced against her husband—the suit, on a
full examination for days and weeks, resulting in
a decision honorable to the defendant, and, on
examination of all tiie accounts, a verdict and
judgment given in W favor, as far as they could
give it, by twelve men, and approved by the
court. The money had been withheld for along'.
period of years, and the result had been pecu-
niary ruin. The claim had gone to another court
established by the Government of the United
States itself to try claims against it. That court
had decided in its favor, and that the money ought
to be paid. It had then gone to the House of
Representatives, and the committee of the House
decided in its favor, and the House had confirmed
thatdecision. On these grounds our committee are
convinced that, to withhold this money longer,,
to withstand the payment, to embarrass this'party
in any way in receiving the money which thus
belongs to her, and has .been given her by two
jurisdictions established and selected by her and
her husband's adversaries, would be a case of
gross injustice and oppression.
We have only to look at it for a single instant
as we should look at it, as a question between
man and man, and no person would hesitate for
a moment in saying that it would be wicked to
withhold the payment of this money longer, or
embarrass it by any of those forms of proceed-
ing by which questions of this kind can be em-
barrassed if any persons choose to do so. Tha
report which has been made in writing is a long
one, and it goes into an examination of these
matters specifically, of the judgments that have
been given, and the reasoning upon which those
decisions are founded, of which I have stated
briefly the substance and amount.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that unless
some gentleman here has so examined the case
already that he thinks and believes there may be
ground of doubt in relation to the propriety and
justice of the thing itself, we may be content
with what has been decided by a jury, afterwards
decided by a court, and has been since decided
on by two committees, and by the House of
Representatives. I see no reason why it should
not be passed upon at once.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Maine has given us a great deal of authority
which is very persuasive, I admit, and for which
I feel a great respect; but he said himself, that it
was decided on a principle from which he would
be disposed, as a lawyer, to dissent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, I did not say
that. I said I was not entirely convinced of its
correctness, although the inclination of my mind
was, that the decision was a correct one; but
still the case itself was so strong on its facts,
separate from that, and without it, that I could
see no occasion to settle the legal question one
way or the other. It is settled by the majority
of the Court of Claims.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a case involving a large
amount, and a principle which may be import-
ant, and have an important application hereafter.
I suggest to the Senator the propriety of laying
it over until the day after to-morrow, so as to
give those who wish an opportunity a chance
to examine the report without wearying the
whole Senate with listening to the reading of the
document.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that, if it be made the special order, so that it
shall come up the day after to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing that it shall be
made the special order for the day after to-mor-
row, in order to give us time to look into the
report.
Air. ADAMS. To postpone the bill until the
day after to-morrow, if I am correctly informed,
will operate as a great hardship; for Mrs. Ree-
side's property is to be sold to-day under an
execution, as I am told, unless this bill passes.
I investigated this question some years ago, and
from my original investigation I was not satisfied
