1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
n
st least as prima facie evidence on all points, if
not conclusive on our action ; and a very strong
case must be presented to induce me to vote
against theiudgment of the court.
Mr. HALE The suggestion which the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois has just made raises
an important point, and one which the Senate
must very soon meet and decide. I am a little
sorry that it has been raised in this case, because
all my impressions and convictions are in favor
of this claim, and were in favor of it long before
the Court of Claims passed upon it. I had my
attention called to it years ago, and examined it
somewhat. But the suggestion which the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois has made is an ex-
ceedingly important one, and one to which the
Senate must give attention, and I think ought to
give early attention. I am free to say, and I am
sorry to say, that my convictions upon this sub-
ject are exactly opposite to those of the honor-
able Senator. Perhaps I go a little too far in
saying that; but I undertake to say that, if you
establish the precedent for which he contends,
and regard the decisions of the Court of Claims
as judgments binding upon this body, behind
which Congress is not to look, the Court of Claims
will live but a very short time. It will sink and
die from the very moment that principle is estab-
lished.
I beg the attention of the Senate to this point.
The Senator says we should not examine these
cases any more than we should examine the
doings of the Supreme Court. The doings of
the Supreme Court have never been looked at in
that light by the Congress of the United States.
Suppose the United States go into a circuit or
district court as plaintiffs, and an offset is filed
by the party, as in this instance, and acertificate
made by the jury that one hundred or more or
less thousands of dollars are due from the United
States to the defendant, and a bill of exceptions
is taken to that finding, and carried up to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and the
Supreme Court of the United States sustain the
doings of the inferior tribunal, we have never
considered that as binding on this Government,
i am not particularly versed in the history of this
case, but I think that has been its history.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It never went to the
Supreme Court.
Mr. HALE. But a bill of exceptions, was
filed, and it might have been carried there. I take
it, that when there is a judgment of the circuit
court of the United States, which maybe carried
up to the Supreme Court of the United States by
a writ of error, and the party having that right
fails to exercise it, the judgment stands with jtfst
exactly the same force as if it had been carried
up and sustained. Congress never have regarded
these verdicts and judgments coming from any
courts of the United States, however tedious and
however painful and however patient might have
been the investigation, as binding on Congress.
Now, are yon going at once to give to this new
Court of Claims a sanction and an effect which you
have denied to your district courts, denied to your
circuit courts, and denied m fact to the Supreme
Court of the United States?
.Again, sir, there is a very great difference be-
tween eases where the United States come into
court, "and are, in fact, a party, and hearings be-
fore the Court of Claims. In those^jfces, in the
circuit and,distnct courts, there nre^Rvo parties
litigant, the defendant and the plaintiff, and yet
the judgments of those courts have not found
such favor with Congress as to be considered
conclusive evidence even where there were two
parties litigating. Now, it is proposed, where !
there is substantially but one side, and that the :
plaintiff's, and nobody else in interest except the
representative of the Government, to give to the
judgment of a tribunal, on what is substantially
an ex parte hearing, an effect and validity which
you have refused to the judgments of the district,
circuit, and supreme courts of the United States.
I hope that this question will be met, and that
ere long we shall have a decisive report, and a
vote of the Senate upon the point, whether the
doings of this court create a judgment, or some-
thing tantamount to a judgment, which is to
receive such effect here. I apprehend that the j
Senator from Illinois comes somewhat near to the i
true ground when he says it® decision is to be '
regarded as making out a prima facie case. I take
it that the utmost effect which can be given to it
is what is suggested by my learned friend, the
profound lawyer from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
who intimates that it may be received as in the
nature of a verdict in a court of chancery. I
think, that if you go as far as that you go far
enough. I believe the quaint language of the
hooks is, that a verdict in a chancery suit upon a
feigned issue is simply for the enlightenment of
the chancellor's conscience. It seems to me, that
if we go as far as that we do enough. I want
this question settled; 1 hope it will be settled
soon; but I regret that it has been raised upon
this case, for I think this claim is a highly meri-
torious one, and ought to be paid.
Mr. BROWN. I had occasion some years
ago to look into the Reeside case, and I then
brought my mind to the conclusion that the claim
was a just one, and ought to be paid upon its
merits. Everything which has occurred from
that time has strengthened that conviction. I
expect to vote for the claim, and should have
done so without saying a word but for the re-
marks of my friend from Illinois, who thinks
that at this time we ought to set a precedent
which is to govern us in all future cases.
Now, sir, I take the position at the outset, that
you can set no precedent which is to govern the
Senate; but in casting my vote for this bill, I do
mean to set a precedent which is to govern my
own vote hereafter. I vote m favor of this bill,
not because the Court of Claims has decided that
it is right, but because I believe it to be right m
itself. Whenever I am called upon to vote for
other bills, 1 intend to place my vote on that ;
ground and on none other. I certainly should j
be strengthened in a conviction already on my |
mind, by the decision of a court; but, if 1 had j
a conviction that n thing was wrong, the deri- j
sions of all the courts in Christendom would not I
change that conviction. Their reasoning might i
change it; but the mere fact that I was over- '
ruled by the decision of a court would not cause
me to change my position and vote for a prop-
osition which I (bought was wrong.
We may do an act this mormng which we
assume for ourselves as a precedent; but the
Senate will, on the 4th of March, undergo a ma-
terial change, and our successors will be very
likely to treat our precedent as though it had not
been set at all. It will last just as long as we are
making it, and no lotjger. My notion of my
obligation to the Constitution is, that when I vote
money from the Treasury, I am to vote it on my
own convictions, and not on the opinions of a
court, whether the Supreme Court, the Court of
Claims, or any other court. As to giving this
court authoiity to bind me, unless I can discover
something by which I can, in my own judgment,
overrule their decision, is, I think, carrying the
point a little too far..
Why, sir, if we set a precedent like this, and act
upon it, one session of Congress will not have
passed until they will send here their decrees and
bills by the thousand, and you will pass themjipm.
con.; nobody will think it worth while to look
into the record and make objection, as the bills
have to pass anyhow; and then 11 will come pre-
cisely to this: that when the court has decided
favorably, you vote the money out of the Treas-
ury. Without undertaking to say what duties
other gentlemen owe to the Constitution, I say
for myself, that I have no right to do any such
thing. When the Constitution requires that "no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in
consequence of appropriations made by law," it
contemplates the exercise of judgment and sound
discretion on the part of those who vote the ap- jj
propriations. ||
I quite agree with the Senator from New Hamp- j j
shire, that it is unfortunate for this claim that j
such a question should have been raised now. I !
vote for the claim, as I said before, on its merits, j !
I vote for it to-day, at this very moment, because |!
delay is ruinous to the,claimant. I have the jj
authority of an ex-Senator and an ex-member of jj
Congress for saying that, on this very day, the jj
property "of this lady will be sold under execution i|
unless this bill passes. Then, why delay it till
Wednesday? Why permit the sacrifice, and then jj
come to th'e relief of the claimant? 1 hope we
whall act upon it, and act to-day; and if my friend If
from Illinois insists ©n setfhag a precedent, let us
wait for the next case, whifh I hope will not be
so pressing as this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The -hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and i t must be taken up, unless otherwise directed
by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Let us dispose of this
bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. You cannot dispose of it now,
I the principle is too important.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from New
Vbrk [Mr. Seward] has the floor for this morn-
ing by assignment, and I trust he will be allowed
to go on. It is a courtesy due to him,
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose this question will
come up as the unfinished business to-morrow
morning.
Mr. STUART. I think the Senator is incor-
rect in supposing that the bill under consideration
will come up to-morrow as the unfinished busi-
ness, unless it is postponed and made the special
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the motion that
it be made the special order of the day for to-
morrow.
Mr. TOOMBS. Why should it be made the
special order ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it is impefrtant
to dispose of it. I make the motion that it be
made the special order for to-naorrow morning at
half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the report
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
154) to provide for the settlement of the claims of
the officers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and orphan children of those who died
in the service.
Mr. STUART. I wish to avail myself of the
very first proper occasion to correct a misappre-
hension which I presented to the Senate the other
day in connection with this bill. I alluded—not
for any improper purpose, as I stated at the time,
but for the purpose of showing who ay fere the
beneficiaries under this bill—to the President of
the. United States, and stated that he a^nd his
brother would receive $14,000, and on the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Alabama I said $16,000.
This was a report that gained some currency in
the city on account of a misapprehension as to
the time covered by the bill. I was wrong. The
amount he will receive, if the bill shall pass, I
understand to be $5,280. I only wish to say
again that I stated this sum, not because 1 con-
sidered it important, but simply to show the in-
dividuals benefited by the bill. On that subject
hereafter 1 may say something. I have deemed
it proper to take this early moment to correct
what 1 before said.
Mr. SEWARD. I thank the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan for the correction, which, of
course, is pertinent, and could not be made too
early in justice to the President, and to himself.
The honorable Senator, however, will excuse me
for saying that, if he will inquire a little further,
he will find that the President of the United States
is not the sole surviving child of the ancestor
who merited the provision to which he alludes;
but that that provision must be divided, and that
the share which will fall to the President of the
United States will not exceed one half of the sum
which the honorable Senator states. [Mr. Stuart
nodded assent.]
Mr. President, before speaking to the merits
of this question, I desire to advert to another
misapprehension of the subject, which is,'that
this is a modern or newly-trumped up measure;
and that it is brought before Congress, by the
children of the officers of the Revolution, now,
for the first time. Of course, this is a popular
misapprehension abroad—no-tone which prevails
here. I have m my hand a circular letter, dated
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, March 8, 1808. This
is an original letter, subscribed bjr the revolu-
tionary officers then living, instituting the pro-
ceedings by which this same question was brought
before Congress in tta -?ear 1810. It is:
