224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
JUGULAR.)
burg, (
, (Penn.j) March 8,1808. -
Sir: By a resolution of Congress passed the 11th of
August, 1779, it was ordained " That the half pay provided
by the resolution of the 15th May; 1778, be extended to con ■
Unucfor lif'e^5 And on the 22d March, 1803,it was resolved
"That such officers as are now in service j and shall con-
tinue;theiein to the end of the war, shall be entitled to re-
ceive the amount of five years' full pay in money or securi-
ties oiv interest at six per cent, per annum, as Congress
shall find most convenient, instead of the hah' pay promised
for life."
The circumstances under which the proposal of commu-
tation originated and was partially acceded to, the despe-
rate state of public credit, and the imperious necessity
which compelled many of the holders of certificatdPof
public debt to part with them at a price far below their
nominal value, are too well known to require a recapitula-
tion.
That the benevolent intentions of the Congress of 1779
have not "been realized—that many meritorious officeis
bowed down with infirmities and advanced m years are
now struggling with adversity, are facts so notorious as of
late to attract the public attention.
So equitable is the claim on the honor and faith of Gov-
ernment to make good the original promise ; so ereat the
zeal latterly displayed in Congress on this interesting sub-
ject, and so ample are the means of full remuneiation, that
it has been deemed piopcr by a number of revolutionary
officers, whose lot it is to reside at this place and its vicinity,
to call the attention of their brethren in the several States,
and to suggest the expediency of a memorial on the subject
being prepared in each State, circle, or district, during the
recess of Congress, to be piesented to the Senate and House
of Representatives as s>oon as circumstances may permit
after their next meeting.
Signed, in behalf of the officers of the revolutionary army
residing in Pittsburg and its vicimtv,
STEPHEN BAYARD,
Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Pennsylvania Regiment.
ISAAC CRAIG, *
Major Fourth Regiment Artillery.
A. TANNEHILL,
Captain Marijland Corvs.
WILLIAM MAGAW,
Fourth Pennsylvania Regiment.
At the instance of these officers a large amount
of information was collected on the subject,
which will be found in the report, I think made
by the Committee of Ways and Means, in the
House of Representatives, to whom the subject
was then referred. It has frequently been here
since that time.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the pend-
ing question to be on the motion of Mr. Pugh,
to strike out the fourth and fifth sections of the
bill, which are:
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the benefit of
the resolution of the twenty-fourth of August, seventeen
hundred and eighty, shall be extended to the widows and
orphilji elliklren of all officers who died m the semeo at
any period dining the war of the Revolution, whether such
officers belonged to the Continental line, or to any volun-
teer corps called into service under the authority of any
State; but no payment shall be made under this clause,
except to the widows and orphan children of such deceased
officers.
".Sec. 5. And he it further cnactcd, That surgeons1 mates
•shall be entitled to the benefit of ihe resolution of the sev-
enteenth of January, seventeen hundred and eighty-one,
and receive the same pay as hospital physicians and sur-
geons."
Mr. SEWARD. Mr President, the Ameri-
can Revolution had its origin in a conflict between
the desire of Great Britain for power on this con-
tinent, manifested by early encroachments on the
civil rights of her colonies and later restrictions
on their commerce, and an abhorrence on their
part of every form of tyranny or oppression.
Although Massachusetts enjoyed the sympa-
thy of the other colonies, she stood alone when j
the contest began. So early as 1768, seven hun- i
dred British regular troops, with muskets charged !
and bayonets fixed, entered Boston as a hosule I
city. Six years afterwards, British forces forti-!
fied Boston Neck. In October, 1774, the Royal :
Governor dissolved the Legislative Assembly of j
Massachusetts. 1 hey immediately reassembled i
and reorganized themselves as a Provincial Con- '
gress,and directed the equipment of twelve thou- jl
sand volunteers, and an enrollment of one fourth I!
of the militia as minute men. A few other colo- jj
nies, about the same time, adopted less extensive j!
but similar preparations. Practically, all the []
troops raised were volunteers, or militia enrolled i!
for occasional or at least short terms of service, i'
Such were the forces that met the British detachl''
ment at Lexington and Concord, and immediately I
thereafter stretched an encampment from Rox-1
bury to the Mystic. Such also were those who
received the British assault on Bunker Hill, as
well as those who conquered Ticonderoga and
Crown Point.
it was not until the 6th of July, 1775, that a
defensive alliance was formed by the Colonies to
maintain the cause of Massachusetts as theirown.
The Congress of Delegates, then at Philadelphia,
announced their purpose of resistance to the
people of Great Britain in these terse and earnest
words:
" We are reduced to the alternative of choosing an un-
conditional submission to the tyranny of wicked Ministers,
or resistance by force. The latter is our choice. We have
counted the cost of this contest, and find nothing so dread-
ful as voluntary slavery."
The Congress resolved that an army of twenty
thousand men should be raised, and appointed
George Washington commander-in-chief of all
the forces already raised, as well as all to be
afterwards levied for the defense of American
liberty. The alliance of the Colonies thus formed
was merely voluntary; and it was not until 1781
that the Articles -of Confederation which formed
the first Federal Constitution were fully adopted.
Washington by degrees developed a military
policy which encountered strenuous opposition
throughout the whole revolution, and which, in
fact, was never fully adopted by Congress, or the
Colonies, or States. The present question is a
consequence of thatconflict. Washington's policy
required—
1st. A common, or as it was then and aptly
called, a continental army, instead of separate
provincial or State corps.
2d. A regular army enlisted and appointed to
serve during the war, instead of volunteers or
militia.
3d. A continental treasury supplied with taxes
and loans by Federal authority, instead of thir-
teen distinct provincial or State treasuries, sup-
plied by local taxation and voluntarily contrib-
uting on requisitions to the continental treasury.
4th. An establishment of the officersof thearmy
by an nuities of hal f pay after th e war should close,
and during their lives.
While all the parts of this policy encountered
much difficulty, the last was from the very begin-
ning peculiarly obnoxious, for reasons which
commended themselves to the sentiments of a
republican people, imbued with recollections of
the struggle in England which had secured con-
stitutional liberty to all British subjects. I will
illustrate. Henry Laurens, so long President of
Congress, said:
" T view the scheme as altogether unjust and unconsti-
tutional in its nature, and full of dangerous consequences.
It is an unhappy dilemma to which we seem to be l educed—
provide for yourofiiccrs in terms dictated to you, or lose all
the valuable soldiers among them; establish a pension for
officers; make them a separate body to be provided for by
the honest yeomanry and others of their fellow-citizens,
many thousands of whom have equal claims upon every
ground ot loss of estate and health, or lose your army and
your cause."—5 Sparks's Writings of Washington, p. 384.
William Livingston, Governor of New Jersey,
said:
" In my private judgment, I should be totally against the
plan of allowing the officers half pay after the war; it is a
very pernicious precedent in republican States, will load
us with an immense debt, and render the pensioners them-
selves in a gieat measure useless to their country.'5—5
Sparks, p. 3eG.
Again, Henry Laurens said:
" If we cannot make justice one of the pillars, necessity
may be submitted to at present, but republicans will at a
proper time wundraw a grant winch shall appear to have
been extorted."—5 Sparks, p. 385.
: In the summer of 1775, and the winter follow-
j ing, Washington was at Cambridge, organizing
| m the face of a British army constantly augment-
j ing and supported by a British fleet, a conti-
! nental army out of the provincial forces which
had assembled there in the enthusiasm of the first
outbreak of popular resistance.
On the 10th of July, 1775, he wrote to Con-
gress:
"After much difficulty and delay, I have procured such
returns of the state of the army as will enable us to form a
judgment ofits strength. It wwjth great concern, I find it
to be .nadequare to our general expectations, and the dutie« 1
thrit may be icq aired of it." *-<**■ "I cannot estimate '
the present army as more than fourteen thousand men."  <
3 SjiarLs, p. 14. ■
He called a council of war, in which it was
determined to recruit in Massachusetts, to in-
crease tho force of her regiments, and to apply
to her Provincial Congress for a temporary rein- i
foreement. While communicating these facts, j
he prayed secrecy concerning them on the part !
of Congress, because an exposure of the weak-1
ness of the army might encourage the enemy to
make a sally, and attack their lines.
On the 21st of September, 1775, Washington
wrote to Congress:
t( The mode in which the present army has been col-
lected has occasioned some difficulty in piocuruig the sub-
scription of both officers and soldiers to the continental
articles of war. Their principal objection has been tiiat it
might subject them to a longer service than that fov which
they are engaged under their several provincial establish-
ments. It is ui vain to attempt to reason away the preju
dices of a whole army, often instilled, and, in this instance
at least, encouraged, by the officers from private and nar-
row views. I have, therefore, forborne pressing them."
* * * * " With the present army I fear such
a subscription is impracticable."—3 Sparks y p. 98.
On the 30th of October, 1775, Washington
wrote to Congress:
" I immediately began by directing all such officers as
proposed to continue to signify their intention as soon as
possible. A great numberof the returns are come in, from
which I find that a v^ry great proportion of the officers of
the rank of captain and under will retire; fiom present
appearances, I may say half; but at least one third. It is
with some concern, also, that I observe that many of the
officers who retire discourage the continuancc of the men,
and I fear will communicate the infection to them. Some
have advised that those officers, who decline the service,
should be immediately dismissed ; but this would be very
dangerous and inconvenient."—3 Sparks, p. 137.
On the 11th of November, 1775, Washington
wrote to Congress:
" The trouble I have in the arrangement of tho army is
really inconceivable. Many of the officers sent in their names
to serve m expectation of promotion. Others stood aloof to
see what advantage they could make to themselves, whilst
a number who had declined, have again sent in their names
| to serve" * * * * " The difficulty with the
soldiers is as great, indeed more so if possible
" They will not enlist until they know then colonel, lieu-
tenant colonel, major, and captain." * * * *
"You can much easier judge than I can express the anxiety
of mind I must labor under on the occasion, o-peciaHy at
this time, when we may expect the enemy will he-im to act
on the arrival of their reinforcement, pait of winch is al-
ready come, and the remainder daily dropping in."—3
Sparks, p. 156.
On the 10th of February, 1776, in a letter to
Joseph Reed in Congress, he states that the army
is destitute of money, of powder, of arms, of a
brigadier, of engineers, of expresses, and even
of tents, although daily expecting to take the field;
and then proceeds:
" These are evils but small in comparison of those which
disturb my present repose. Our enlistments arc at a stand;
the fears that I have entertained are realized—iliat i-?, the dis-
contented officers (for T do not know how else to account for
it) have thrown such difficulties or stumbling blocks in the
way; of recruiting, that I no longer entertain a hope of com-
pleting the army by voluntary enlistments, and I sec no
move or likelihood to do it by other means." * * *
" Our total number upon paper amounts to about ten thou-
sand Ave hundred ; but as a large number of these arc re-
turned not joined, I never expect to receive them, a? an inef-
fectual order has once issued to call them in. Another is now
fone forth peremptorily requiring ail officers, under pain of
ein  cashiered, and recruits of being treated as deserters,
to join their respective regiments." + * *
a The reflection on my situation, and that of this army, pro-
duces many an unhappy hour when all around inc arc
wrapped m sleep." * * * * if I shall
be able to rise superior to these and many other difficulties!,
which might be enumerated, I shall most religiously believe
that the fingerof Providence isinit, to blind the eyes of our
enemies; for surely, if we get well through this month, it
must be for want of their knowing the disadvantages we
labor under."—3 Sparks, p. 238.
The British army, overawed by the masterly
combinations and demonstrations which Wash-
ington made with the disjointed forces under his
command, evacuated Boston on March 17, 1776.
I pass a period of six months, during which
the BritigJaforces, having failed in an attempt to
enter jNr^PYork, have made a descent on Charles-
town, and been repulsed;and, while on the Amer-
ican side independence has been declared by Con-
gress,and hailed with universal joy, on the other a
British fleet of more than a hundred sail has rein-
forced the army of the enemy with fifty-five thou-
sand troops, a large part of whom have landed
on Long Island, and driven Washington from
New York, and he has stopped at Harlaem
Heights, on that weary retreat which left not
only the lower part of New York, but all of New
Jersey, to fall before the conquerors.
On the 24th of September, 177C, at Harlaem, he
wrote:
" Fiom the hours allotted to sleep 1 will borrow a few
moments to convey my thoughts on sundrv important mat-"
ters to Congress. I shall offer them with the sincerity which
ought to characterize a man of candor, and with the free-
dom which may be used in giving useful information with-
out incurring the imputation of presumption.
'•We are now, as it were, upon the eve of another disso-
lution of oar army." [The term of service for almost the
whole army was to expire at or before tho end of the year.]
