226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
nature, when an application is made, tasay yes when you
ofceht to sav no. .Remember that it is a public, not a private
cause, that is to be injured or benefited by your choice,
llecollect also that no instance has yet happened of good or
bad behavior in a corps in our service, that has not origin-
ated With the officers. Do not take old men, nor yet fill
y«ur corps with boys—especially for captains."—4 Sparks,
p. 269.
The capture of Philadelphia was the great en-
terprise of the enemy in the campaign of 1777,
then about to open. Washington was yet at
Xviorristown. On the 8th of April, 1777, he wrote
to Governor Johnson, of Maryland;
" I must content myself with improving on the future
chances of war. Even this cannot be done unless tlie offi-
cers can be persuaded to abandon their comfortable quarters
and take the field. Let me. therefore, in the most earnest
terms, beg that they may be forwarded without loss of
tune."—4 Sparks, p. 088.
On the 12th of April, 1777, Washington saye,
in a letter to John Augustine Washington:
" It seems nest to impossible to make our officers in any
of the States exert themselves in bringing their men to the
field, as if it were a matter of moonshine whether they
come to-day, to-morrow, a week, or a month hence."—4
Sparks, p. 387.
Fourteen days later, Washington exposes the
fearful consequences of the parsimony exercised
in regard to onicers. He wrote to General Glover
Am-il 26, 1777:
Vmrii
'Hi liav<
ve, with great concern, observed tho almost uni-
versal Inticssness that prevails throughout the continent,
and f believe that nothing has contributed to it more than
the resignation of officers who stepped early forward and
led the people into the great cause in which we are too
deeply embarked to look back or to hope for any other terms
than those we can gain by the sword. Can any resistance
be cxpected by the people when deserted by their leaders ?
Our enemies count upon the resignation of every officer
of rank at this time as a distrust ot and desertion from the
cause, and rejoice accordingly."—4 Spark*, p. 399.
A letter written by Washington to Lincoln the
next day, (April 27, 1777,) exposes the corrup-
tion of many of the officers:
" [ am well convinced that the amazing desertions which
have of late prevailed among our troops, proceed entirety
from their not being regularly paid." * * * * "I have
in vain endeavored to make the officers bring in their pay-
roll and draw their money. They j lead an excuse that,
as they are so detached, they cannot possibly make up
regulai iolls,and maybe something in this; but there
is a cause which 1 fear will be found, upon examination,
too true; and that is, that the officers have drawn huge
sums under pretense of paying their men, but have been
obliged, from extravagance and for other purposes, to appro-
priate this money to their own use."—4 Sparks, p. 402.
I leap over an eventful period of six months.
The capture of Burgovne in October, and the
prospect of a French alliance, throw gleams of
liopc upon the darkened wintry way of the army
of Washington, ns it seeks winter quarters at
Vallny Forgo, rxhaufifced by the loss of the two
memorable pitched battles at the Brandy wine and
German town, and the evacuation of Philadelphia.
Washington, on the 17th of October, 1777,
wrote to Richard Henry Lee in Congress:
" in a word, the service is so difficult, and every neces-
sary so expensive, that almost all our officers are tired out.
Do not, therefore, afford them good pretexts for retiring.
No day passes over my head without applicauonsfor leave
to re-ign.
" Within the last mx days I am certain twenty commis
Bions at least have been tendered to me. I must therefore
conjure you to conjure Congress to consider this matter
well, and not, by a real act of injustice, compel some good
officers to leave the service, and thereby incur a tram of
evils unforseen and irremediable."—5 Sparks, p. 98.
Arrived at Valley Forge on the 23d of Decem-
ber, 1777, Washington wrote to Congress:
" I am now convinced, beyond a doubt, that, unless some
great and capital change suddenly takes place in that line,
[commiHadrii'ti* department,] this army must inevitably be
reduced to one or the other of these three things—starved,
dissolved, or dispersed—in order to obtain subsistence m
the best manner they can." *****
" T shall add a word or two to show, first, the necessity
of some better provision for binding the officers by the tie
of interest to the service, as no day, nor scarce an hour,
parses without the offer of a resigned commission. (Oth-
erwise I much doubt the practicability of holding the army
together much longer; and >n this I shall probably be
thought the more sincere when I freely declare that I do
not myself expect to derive the smallest benefit from any
establishment that Congress may adopt, otherwise than as
n member of the community at large, in the good which I
am persuaded will result from the measure by makin*
bettor officers and better troops.")—o Spark*, p. 197. "
Washington, still at Valley Forge, wrote to
Congress on the 24th of March, 1778:
" As it is not improper for Congress to have some idea
of the present temper of the army, it may not be amiss to
reraaife in this place that, since the month of August last,
between two and three hundred officers have resigned their
commissions, and many others were with difficulty dis-
faa4ed from it. In the Virginia line only, not less than six
colons, good as any in the sei vice, have left it lately,
and more, I tun told, are in the humor to do so."—5Sparksy
p. 295.
On the 3d of April, 1778, at Valley Forge,
Washington wrote to Colancl Hall:
" From the crisis at which our affairs have arrived, and
the frequent defection of officers, seduced by views of pri-
vate interest and emolument to abandon the cause of their
country, I think every man who does not merely make pro-
fession of patriotism is bound by indissoluble ties to remain
in the army."—6 Sparks, p. 304.
On tire 10th of April, 1778, the subject of annu-
ities, by way of half pay to the officers, breaks
upon us with startling distinctness in this inter-
esting correspondence.
Washington writes to Congress:
" It may be said by some that my wish to «ee the officers
of this army upon a more respectable establishment, is the
cause of my solicitude, and carries me too far. To such
X can declare that my anxiety proceeds from the causes
above mentioned. If my opinion is asked with respect to
the necessity of making this provision for the officers, I am
ready to declare that 1 do most religiously believe the sal-
vation of the cause depends upon it, and without it your
officers will molder to nothing, or be composed of low and
illiterate men, void of capacity for this or any other busi-
ness. To prove this, i can with truth aver, that scarce a
day passes without the offrr of two or three commissions ;
and my advices from the eastward and southward are, that
numbers who had gone home on furlough mean not to
return, but are establishing themselves in more lucrative
employments. LetCongiess determine what will he the
consequence of this spirit. Personally, as an officer, I
have no interest in their decision; because I have declared,
and I now repeat it, that 1 never will receivo the smallest
benefit from the half pay establishment; but as a man who
fightsunder the weight of a proscription, and as a citizen
who wishes to t>ec the liberty of his country established
upon a permarientfouTidatiori.aiid whose property depends
upon the succcss of our arms, I am deeply interested.
" But, all this apart, and justice out of the question, upon
the single ground of economy and public saving I will main-
tain the utility of it, for I have not the least doubt, that
until officers consider their commissions in an honorable
and interested point of view, and are afraid to endanger
them by negligence and inattention, no order, regularity, or
care, either of men or public property, will prevail. To
prove this, I need only refer to the general courts-martial
which are constantly sitting for the trial of thein, and the
number who have been cashiered withm the last three
months for misconduct of different kinds.
" At no period since the commencement of the war have
X felt more painful sensations on account of delay than at
present, and, urged by themjha-^e expressed myself with-
out reserve." * *******
" The disadvantages neeultmg fiom the frequent resigna-
tions in the Virginia line, the change of commanding offi-
cers to the regiments, and other causes equally distressing,
have injured that corps beyond conception, and have been
the mean.* of reducing very respectable regiments to a mere
haudful of men. And this will ever be the case, till officers
can be fixed by something equivalent to the sacrifice they
make. To reabon otherwise, and suppose that public vir-
tue alone will enable them to forego the ease and comforts
of life to encounter the hardships and dangers of war for a
bare subsistence, when their companions and friends are
amassing large fortunes, is viewing human nature rather as
it should be, than as it really is."—5 Sparks, p. 315.
On the 21st of April, 1778, Washington wrote
to John Banister, in Congress:
" Be assured the success of the measure [half pay ] is a
matter of the most serious moment, and that it ought to he
brought to a conclusion as speedily as possible. The spirit
of resigning commissions has been long at an alarmin"
height, and increases daily. The Virginia line has sus-
tained a violent shock m this instance—not less than ninety
have already resigned to me." * * * *
" There arc but too just grounds to fear that it will shake
the very existence of the army, unless a remedy is soon 
very soon applied. There is none, in my opinion, so effect-
ual as the one pointed out. This, I trust, will satisfy the
officers, and, at the same time, it will produce no present
emission of money. They will not be persuaded to sacri-
fice all views of present interest, and encounter the numer-
ous vicissitudes of war in the defense of their country,
unless she will be generous enough, on her Dart, to make a
decent provision for their future support^ * *
"It is, indeed, hard to say how extensive the evil maybe
if the measure should be rejected, or much longer delayed.
I find it a very arduous task to keep the officers in tolerable
humor, and to protract such a combination for quitting the
servicu as might possibly undo us forever.
" The difference between our service and that of the
enemy is very striking. With us, from the peculiar unhappy
situation of things, the officers—a few instances excepted—
must break in upon their private fortunes foi presentsupport
without a prosppetof future relief. With them even com- !
pames are esteemed sohonoraideandso valuable that they
have sold of late for from fifteen to twenty hundred pounds
sterling ; and ( am credibly informed, that four thousand ,
guineas have been given for a troop of dragoons. \
"You will readily determine how this difference will !
operate—what effects it must produce. j
Men may speculate as they will ; they may talk of patri- I
otism; they may draw a few examples from ancient story '
of great achievements performed by its influence; but who- '
ever buikK upon them as a sufficient ba«is for conducts®
a long and bJoo<ly war, will find himself deceived in the
end.
« We must take the passions of men as nature has given
tnem, and those principles as a guide which are generally
the rule of action." * * * * * J
r,„=XS,e„e,S®n!y„l-ri,>e,ginnin«t0 P'ay a game more danger-
ous than their efforts by arms, which threatens a fatal blow
to the independence of America,, and of course to her lib-
erties. They are endeavoring to ensnare the people bv
specious allurements of peace." * * *
" Men are naturally fond of peace, and there are symp-
toms which may authorize an opinion that the people of
America are pretty generally weary of the present war.
It is doubtful whether many of our friends might not in-
cline to an accommodation on the grounds held out, or
which may be, rather than persevere in a contest for inde-
pendence. If this is the case, it must surely be the truest
policy to strengthen the army, and place it upon a substan-
tial footing." * * * * * * *
" The other point is the jealousy which Congress un-
happily'entertain of the army, and which, if reports are
right, some members labor to establish. You maybe a*
sured there is nothing more injurious or more unfounded.
This jealousy stands upon the commonly received opinion,
which, under proper limitations,is cenaiiily true, that stand-
ing armies are dangerous to a State. The prejudices in
other countries have only gone to them in time of peace.
and these from their not having in general cases any of
the ties, the concerns, or interests of citizens, nor any other
dependence than what flowed from their military employ 
in short, from their being mercenaries, hirelings. It is our
policy to be prejudiced against them in time of war, though
they arc citizcns, having all the ties and interests of citi-
zens, and in many cases property, totally unconnected
with a military line." ******
" It is unjust, because no order of men in the Thirteen *
States has paid a more sacred regard to the proceedings of
Congress than the army; for without arrogance or the
smallest deviation from truth, it may be said", that no history
now'extant can furnish an instance of an army suffering
such uncommon hardships a9 ours has done, and bearing
them with the same patience and fortitude.
" To see men without clothes to cover their nakedness,
without blankets to lie on, without shoes, (for the want of
which their marches might be traced by the blood from
their feet,) and almost as often without provisions as with
them—marching through the frost and snow, and at Christ-
mag talcing up their winter quarters within a day's march
of the enemy, without a house or hut to cover them, till
they could be built, and submitting without a murmur is a
proof of patience and obedience which, in my opinion, can
scarce be paralleled."—5 Spark?, p. .*>21.
On the 25th of April, 1778, Washington wrote
to Gouvernenr Morris, in Congress:
u You say, all may yet be well. I wish it heartily; but *
am much mistaken if there are not some secret and retro-
grade springs in motion to disprove it. I wish you could
announce the provision for officers concluded. It seems
to me the basis of ail our operations. Resignation after
resignation is taking place, not here only, but of officers
acting east of Hudson's river."—5 Sparks, p. 339.
On the 30th of April, 1778, Washington wrote
to Congress:
" I sincerely wish the provision for officers, so long the
subject of discussion, was established. It is certainly
equitable, and in my opinion essential. Day after day, and
hour after hour, produce resignations. If they were con-
fined to bad officers, or to those of little or no character,
they would he of no consequence; but it is painful to see
men who are of a different cast, who have rendered great
services to their country, and who are still and maybe
most materially wanted, leaving the army on the account
of the distresses of their families, and to repair their circum-
stances, which have been much injured by their zeal, and
the part they have taken m defense of our common rights.
The provision, if adopted, would not produce present relief,
nor a present expense; yet it would be a compensation in
future for their misfortunes and their toils, and be some
support to their injured constitutions."—5 Sparks, p. 350.
We have now reached the first important stage
in the progress of this great question. On the
15th of May, 1778, the Congress yielded to the
arguments of Washington, so far as to attempt
to settle it by a compromise, which was, to prom-
ise annuities of half pay for seven years on cer-
tain conditions.
" Resolved, unanimously, That all military officers com-
missioned by Congress, who now are, or hereafter may be,
in the service of the United States, and shall continue
therein during the war, and not hold any office of profit
under these States, or any of them, shall, after the con-
clusion of the war, be entitled to receive annually, for the
term of seven years, if they live so long, one half of the
present pay of such officera: Provided, That no general
officer of the cavalry, artillery, or infantry, shall be entitled
to receive more than the one half pay of a colonel of such
corps respectively: And provided, That this resolution
shall not extend to any officer in the service of the United
States, unless he bhall have taken an oath of allegiance to,
and shall actually reside within, some one of the United
States.
" Resolved, unanimously, That every non-commissioned
military officer and soldier who hath enlisted, or shall
enlist, into the service of these States, for and during the
war, and shall continue therein to tho end thereof, shall be
entitled to receivc the further reward of eighty dollars at
the expiration of the war."—Journal of Congress, vol. ii.,
Washington acknowledged the receipt of the
information of the passage of the resolutions in
a letter, written to Gouverneur Morris at Valley
Forge, on the 18th of May, just on the eve of
breaking up the encampment, and taking the
field, butaltogether bewildered as to the purposes
of the enemy, or the character or the scene of
the opening campaign. He said:
"Your favor of the 15th instant gave me singular pleas-
ure. I thank you for the agreeable intelligence it contains,
which, thoaglt not eqttal to my wishes, exceeded my antl-
