'280
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0L0BE.
January 5,
many years' full pay. They did riot ask that it
should be five years; but they expressly stated
in their memorial, that what they desired was
that some equivalent should be given them in a
different form.
Mr. PUGH. The correction does not seem to
me to alter the premises of my argument. The
proposition which I make is, that before the time
for the original contract to be performed or even
to commence its performance, before the reduc-
tion, Congress, upon the application of some of
the officers—not as an act of repudiation on its
part, but at the suggestion of the beneficiaries—
proposed a different contract. The beneficiaries,
or some of them, were not satisfied with the ori-
ginal contract. They asked Congress to alter it,
and Congress altered it. It was proposed to the
officers to elect whether they would remain under
the original contract or under the new one. It
is complained that some officers did not agree to
the new contract, and that they were prevented
from having their individual voico by the fact
that the vote was taken by the line of the army.
1 do not know whether the assent was given by
corps or regiments.
Mr. CASS, and others. By the lines of the
States.
Mr. PUGH. If there can be any such case—
if there can be the case of a single officer produced
here, and made to appear to Congress, who dis-
sented from it, who never acquiesced in the change
of contract, and a bill be brought in for that offi-
cer, he has a claim for relief, but nobody else has.
The others accepted; the contract was changed
by the parties. They made a new agreement;
and what was that new contract ? That they
were to be paid full pay for five years. It was
made by the parties to the original contract—made
not at the instigation of Congress, but at the
instigation of the beneficiaries.
Now, sir, it is said we have not kept that con-
tract. The Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
EvANb] said, in the opening of this debate, that
these officers imagined that they would receive
money. That is simply impossible—I say it
■with due deference—for the resolution provided
that they should receive money or stocks, as
Congress might deem proper. The very resolu-
tion upon which they voted, and it is quoted in
the report, provided that they might have money
or stocks. Then it is in vain to say they expected
money. They might have hoped for money,
but it is in vain to say Congress promised them
money. They knew, as everybody knew, the
condition of the Confederation. It had no power
to levy taxes. It depended upon the State gov-
ernment:). They wore themselves citizens of the
States. They knew that the States would not
fnrnlsh Congress with money. They knew that
Congress was endeavoring, during all the period
of the Confederation, to invent some system for
raising money, and they hoped to succeed by one
scheme or another; but not having the money—
not being furnished with it by the State govern-
ments, the people not being willing to submit to
taxation, Congress offered them this commutation
in a five per cent, stock. They received the
i stock—received it in the very words of the reso-
lution. It was a contract entirely performed on
the part of Congress to the very fetter; and now
what is the objection? That this stock did not
keep its par value! Does any moral obligation
arise from that? I covenant to-tlay, that if a man
will build me a house, I will give him my prom-
issory note payable in five years. He takes the
chances of my failure in the meantime; he takes
the chances that he may not realize the money
until the day of payment, but he has agreed to
receive that and nothing else. They agreed to
receive the five per cent, stocks of the Govern-
ment, payable at a given day; they received them;
and the Government paid every dollar of the
stock, principal and interest. As to those who
retained the stock to the day of its payment and
redemption, those who received the interest, and
who received the principal, where in the moral
obligation—I will go further, where is the hon-
esty of their asking now to be paid again ?
It is said—and a case was cited by the Senator
from New York the other day—that some officer
was compelled to part with his public securities
at less than their value—at a very great deprecia-
tion, That was a case of hardship, but it was not
ttoase of moral obligation. We arc not bound to
indemnify a public creditor because he is not able
to realize the par value of our stocks. If it be
that peculiar circumstances oppressed that officer,
so that he could not realize what he ought to ha"?e
realized, or what I woulcf like him to have real-
ized, and a bill be brought in for his benefit,I am
willing to consider his case; but I object to the
good cases being made precedents for the bad
ones.
Here is a proposition to pay a particular class
of the officers of the war, whose only considera-
tion for this peculiar favor is the fact,ithat they
served from 1780 to 1781 or 1782, during the last
two years of the war, after the hostilities were
practically at an end, to a greatextent. Itis not
a proposition to compensate those who, during
the whole seven years of the war, were engaged
in the public service. It is not a proposition to
compensate the representatives of those who fell,
except in one of the sections which I now pro-
pose to strike out.
As the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
well said, if you propose to pay those who suf-
fered in the Revolution, if you propose to. pay
the private soldier, if you propose to redeem the
Continental money, make the proposition and
make it boldly; but do not let us have one class
of these persons pressed forward on the ground
that they have a particular claim, merely to.be
the entering wedge for something else. Thifl bill
confessedly will grant out of the public Treasury
nearly three millions of money; and to whom is
it to be given ? If the money belonged to these
officers, give it to the executors and administra-
tors; let it go to pay their honest debts—not for
the benefit of their children and grandchildren,
who are entitled to no peculiar favor except on
the claim of blood.
But, sir, if this is a bill to execute a contract,
let it remain a contract; let the money be given
to the legal representative of the party; for there
is no difference in that regard between a legal
and a moral obligation. If we are under a moral
obligation to pay this money, we are under an
obligation to pay it to the right man—not to pay
it to the children, but to the administrator; and
yet you have cut off the grandchildren. Con-
gress, ty this bill, undertakes to make a statute
of distribution for the estates of deceased persons
—to say that this money, which we are bound to
pay on a moral obligation, shall not go to those
to whom the law would give it, but shall go to
those whom we pick out as the objects of-our
bounty.
This bill proposes to do more. It proposes to
invalidate past transactions. It proposes to re-
construe the resolution of 1780—to interpolate
into it persons who never were in it at all. What
does the fourth section propose ? I have no more
objection to the fourth section than to the rest of
the bill. I consider it all a grant of public money—
as a mere gratuity, founded on no legal consid-
eration ana on no moral consideration—as a mere
distribution of public money to the people; and
if so, I agree that the people named in the fourth
section ought to receive it; but I wish the Senate
to understand who they are. They are not within
,the contract—confessedly they are not within any
contract—confessedly as to this, it is a mere gra-
tuity. You have gone beyond the question of
moral or legal obligation; you now propose to
make a direct grant of public money, not on any
contract at all.
And further, the resolution of the 24th August,
1780, as I understand it, provides that the widows
and children of those officers who were killed, or
died during the war in the service, should receive
half pay for seven years. The committee say,
in the report, that a question arose in the time of
General Knox, whether those who had died be-
fore the passage of the resolution were entitled to
its benefits; and a variety of constructions were '
given; but the committee seem to intimate, by the I
report, that they only designed to put those who !
died before the passage of the resolution on a ij
footing with those who died afterwards. The !
Senate, however, must recollect that that resolu-
tion was confined to the Continental array, and
that this section extends to the militia of all the
States. The Commissioner of Pensions himself
tells you that he is not able to say what amount
of public money will satisfy that section. It is
to be something in addition to $2,500,000, which
would go to cover the other clauses of the bill.
/ If this bill be passed at this time—if we go upon
the idea that we are to indemnify the losses of
individuals, whether soldiers, or creditors, or pri-
vate citizens, for injuries received during the Rev-
olution, all the money that can be paid into the
Treasury cannot compensate them. If I believed
it were within the constitutional power of Con-
gress—if I did not believe that the very men who
waged the war of the Revolution, and who laid the
foundation of this Government, would be the first
to reject an extravagant grant of public money
like this, I should be willing to vote any sum that
could be named in reason to indemnify every
man who served during the Revolution, or his
children; but I believe that the ancestors of the
very people for whose benefit this bill is intended,
would have been the first persons to have voted
against this proposition, if it had been presented
to them.
Mr. President, to what are we coming? Our
pension list is perfectly enormous. It has gone
on from one case to another. Your grants of
bounty land have reached such a degree of ex-
travagance that they are devastating the new
States of this Union, giving over their property
inttr the hands of non-resident proprietors.
Whenda comes all this money? It does not rain
into your Treasury from the clouds. It comes
off the hard earnings of the laboring man—those
who have children, those who have wives. You
tax the widow and the orphan themselves for the
sake of dividing this public money out among
those who set up the claim of blood and services
rendered by a dead ancestor. It seems to me, no
scheme of this sort ever was proposed except
upon the pretense of some past service. The
whole aristocracy of Europe rests upon that
basis. Some ancestor years ago, on generations
ago, distinguished himself by his couiage, by his
skill, by his public service, and therefore you
are to go on and promote his children and chil-
dren's children to the end of the record!
Now, sir, I have offered this amendment to
test the sincerity—I say it in no offensive sense—
of the argument made for this bill. If it be a bill
to execute a contract, these sections do not belong ,
here. If it be a bill to make a gratuity of public
money in consideration of the past services and
sacrifices of the ancestors of these people, then
I hope the Senator from Georgia will offer his
amendment to redeem the Continental money,to
make good the contract which Congress did not
perform with the private soldiers, and to go on
indemnifying the public creditor for the losses
which he sustained by the depreciation of your
stock.
I beg pardon for the feeling I have manifested.
It is not towards the parties; I have none but the
kindest feelings towards them. Many of these
parties are my constituents. They have urged
me by letter again and again to vote for this bill j,
but I consider it the entering wedge to a system
of extravagance that must in the end bankrupt
this Government, as well as demoralize the peo-
ple. I think it is the duty of Congress to con-
sider well that all the money which we have in
our Treasury, (and which, by-the-by, we ought
not to have, for it should be in the pockets of the
people,) has been lodged in our hands not to
create pensions and dignities, not to sonferitin
consideration of past services, but to pay the
economical expenses of this Government, and
leave the rest of the money there for the use of
the people from whom it has been levied.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I propose to offer
some remarks in opposition to this Mil. The
Senator who has just taken his scat has antici-
pated me in some remarks which I should have
submitted on the motion he has made for striking
out the fourth and fifth sections. He has stated
the case, in respect to the particular section on
which he has commented, correctly and forcibly,
yet, sir, he has not stated the most aggravated
and the most iniquitous of the cases presented in
this bill. He has not stated a case, or rather a
large majority of the cases, embraced in this bill,
which have already been thrice paid by this Gov-
ernment. I intend, with the consent of the Sen-
ate, to-morrow to address them upon this bill.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn, for the purpose of giving the Senator an
opportunity of being heard to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
