1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 5, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel "Waldo.
TheJournal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of June 14, 1848, a
transcript of the official Army Register for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1856, showing the
annual pay of each officer of the Army, the
amount paid him for rations, servants, and forage,
and the gross amount paid or allowed him in all
respects for and on his account for and during
the preceding fiscal year from appropriations for
the support of the Army; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the expenses
of the national armories, of arms, &c.; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the expenses
of the military establishment for 185G; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. GROW, the Committee on
Territories was discharged from the further con-
sideration of a bill (H. R. No. 622) providing for
the payment of the awards of commissioners ap-
pointed under the third article of the treaty of
the 10th September, 1853, with t'he Rogue river
Indians, in the Territory of Oregon, and it was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAY OF A MEMBER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to introduce a resolution, which I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read. As it concerns a mem-
ber of this House, I trust I shall be indulged in a
word of explanation.
. The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and he is here-
by, authorized to pay to James C. Allen the same rate of
compensation during the time that he served as a member
of the first session of the Thirty -Fourth Congress that other
members are entitled to under the present act regulating the
compensation of members of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Allen
came here at the commencement of the last ses-
sion of Congress, holding the certificate of the
Governor of his State of his election. His seat
was contested by Mr. Archer. My colleague
held his seat until some time in July, when the
House decided that he was not entitled to it, and
also decided that the contestant, Mr. Archer, was
not entitled to the seat. After the House had
made that decision, the new compensation act
was passed, and the question now arises, whether
my colleague is entitled to compensation under
that act, or must abide by the old compensation
act. It was a new question; and the Speaker, as
I understand?- very properly decided not to take
upon himself the decision of the question, and
suggested that it should be submitted to the House.
Therefore, I have offered this resolution, and I
hope it wjjll be adopted. I will say, that my col-
league was a member of the House, held the cer-
tificate of the Governor of his State, and served
as we all served, and I think he is entitled to the
same compensation others received.
_ No objection being made, the resolution was
introduced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded,
the previous question upon the passage of the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
CALL OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise for the purpose
'of offering a resolution, and if it is objected to,
I move to suspend the rules. It is known to
the House that we usually spend our Mondays
here in a very unprofitable manner. The propo-
sition I make is, that to-day be spent in calling
the committees for such reports as will not give
rise to debate, in order that the committee^ may
have an opportunity of reporting their bills,
having them referred, and placed upon the Calen-
dar. My order precludes any motion being made
under it, and afterwards reconsidered, thereby
evading the object of the order. Its object is to
enable the committees in good faith to report
such bills as they desire to have referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, or to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and to be printed. My resolution is in these
words:
Resolved, That the committees be called for reports for
reference only, and no motion made under this order shall
be subject to a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BOYCE. I object to the resolution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then I move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. CARLILE. I hope the gentleman will so
amend his resolution as to allow bills to be intro-
duced under it for the purpose of reference only.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall object to the reso-
lution unless the gentleman will allow the House,
by a majority, to second the previous question.
I am very anxious that the bill from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, which the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] alluded to the
other day, ana some other bills, should be acted
upon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object decidedly
to the proposition of the gentleman from North
Carolina, for I am opposed to all this previous-
question legislation.
Mr. BARCLAY. I would inquire if the res-
olution cuts off the call of States for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The call of States for res-
olutions is not in order to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Georgia that he might allow those
bills to be put upon their passage to which there
shall be no objection. Under the resolution, if
a bill is presented to which any member objects,
it goes over; but if there are bills to which no
member would object, they might be allowed to
pass.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I apprehend that, by
unanimous consent, that might be done^vithout
any previous order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, I object to the res-
olution in this shape.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. My interpretation of
the resolution will not authorize the proceeding
suggested by the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. CLINGMAN. And therefore I object to it.
The question being upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
109, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Bar-
bour, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Br<id-
shaw, Brenton, Brooks, Broom, Burnett, James jl. Camp-
bell, Ezra Clark, dawson, Howell Cobb, Conuns, Cragin,
Crawford, Damrell, Davison, Dean, Denver, Dick, Durtee,
Edmundson, Elliott, Evans, Faulkner, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Gidding«?, Gilbert, Goode, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven,
Herbert, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Houston, Jcwett,
George W. Jones, Kidwell, King. Knox, Kunkel, Lake,
Leiter, Letchcr, Mace. McCarty,' Mtlhvard, Morrill, Mor-
rison, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Paine, Parker, Peck, Perry,
Pike, Princle, Puiviance, Ricaud, Ritcme, Rivers, Robbing,
Robison, Ruffin. Sahm, Sandidge, Sapp, Shorter, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stephens,
Stewart, Stranahan, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Wade, Walker, Warner,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkms,
Watson, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Wmelow,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale, Honry
Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Boyce, Buflinton,
Burlmgame, Oarhlc, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Chrurman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Craige,
Cumback, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dickson,
Dodd, Edie, Edwards, Erarie, Ethendge. Flagler, Garnett,
Granger,Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hodges, Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Lindley, Alexander K« Marshall, Mattcsou, Maxwell, Kil- I
lian Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Mordecai Oliver, ;
Phelps, Porter, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Savage, Scott,
Sherman, Sneed, Stanton, Swope. Tappan, Thorington,
Vnlk, Walbndge, Elhbu B. Washburne, and Whitney—63.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds.,
not voting in favor thereof.)
CLERKS TO STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MACE. Some doubts exist in the minds
of the officers of the House, and of the Commit-
tee on Accounts, as to the authority of the com-
mittees which had them at the Mst session to em-
ploy clerks. For the purpose of removing that
doubt, I ask unanimous consent to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the resolutions of this House at the first
session, authorizing standing committees to employ clerks
at a compensation of four dollars per diem, shall be con-
strued to authorize the employment of such clerks during
the sittings of tins Congress.
Mi\ JONES, of Tennessee. I object; and I
ask the gentleman from Indiana whether* all of
these committees'have any business whatever
before them requiring the services of a clerk ?
Mr. MACE. I know nothing about the busi-
ness of any of the committees except my own.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. "What business
has the Committee of Elections before it ?
_Mr. PHELPS. What business has the Com-
mittee on Territories before it, requiring the ser-
vices of a clerk ?
Mr. MACE. I know nothing as to the busi-
ness of any committee except my own.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, l have served on
several of these committees, and I have never
seen any business before them requiring the ser-
vices ot a clerk.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia- As the gentleman
from Indiana has suggested, there is a difficulty
existing in relation to this matter, and the House
ought to give it some construction. The com-
mittee of which I am a member, against the judg-
ment of some of the members of that committee,
have construed the resolution of the last session to
authorize them to employ a clerk for the present
session. Whether that construction be right or
wrong, it is manifest that the House ought to
settle the matter one way or the other.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded theyeae
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Mace's motion;
and there were, on a division—ayes 84, noes 38.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the resolution was
introduced.
Mr. MACE moved the previous question.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and allow me to move an amendment
authorizing the Committee on Naval Affairs to
employ a clerk. They had none during the last
session, and they need the services of one very
much.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the previous question, and allow me to
move to amend so as to authorize the Committee
on Invalid Pensions to employ a clerk. The
duties of that committee are very arduous, and
they require the services of a clerk.
Mr. MACE. I should like to accommodate
gentlemen, but I do not wish to embarrass the
resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know
whether this resolution is framed to cover the
compensation of these clerks from the close of
the last session?
Mr. MACE. The resolution expressly states
that they shall only be employed during the sit-
tings of Congress.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to inquire, in the
next place, what committees were authorized
under the resolutions of the last session to em-
ploy clerks?
Mr. MACE. I cannot answer except for my
own committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to know
whether this resolution will cover the pay of
these clerks from the commencement of th«
present session.
Mr. MACE. They will not receive pay ex-
cept from the day of their appointment.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order; the
previous question having been demanded.
The previous question was seconded-r-ayes "9,
noes 49; and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidedia
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Alteon, Bail, Barbour, Barclay
Barksdale, Henry Bennett,Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, "
Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Brenton, Broem, Buffinton, BurM-
