232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
game, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
•Campbell, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Catlen, Damrell, Davidson, Henry Venter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edie,
JBdimuidson, Emrie, Etfaeridge, Evans?, Faulkner, Flagler,
Florence. Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamett,Giddings, Granger,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hu«bs-
ton, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Kun-
kel, Leiter, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, KiUian Miller, Millward, Moore, Morrill,
Mott, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Parker, Perry, Pet-
tit, Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Ready^Ricaud,
Robbing Sabin, Sapp,Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor,
Thormgton, Thurston, Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Walker, Cadwalader O. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Whitney,
Woodruff, and Wood worth—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Hendley S. Bennett,
Boyce, Bradshaw, Brooks, Burnett, Carlile, Chaffee, Cling-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Crawford, Cumback, Jacob C. Davis, Day, Edwards, El-
liott, Goode, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Knight, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Matte-
son, McMullin, Millson, Morgan, Nichols, Pearce, Phelps,
Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Sherman,
William Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stephens, Swope, Talbott,
Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Waldron, Warner,
Watkins, Wclch, Wheeler, Williams, Winslow, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—63.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MACE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES ARCHITECT, ETC.
Mr. VALK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
is hereby, requested toinform this House by what authority
a Government architect is employed and paid for designing
and erecting all public buildings, and also lor placing said
buildings under the supervision of military engineers.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr. VALK. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the resolution was then
adopted.
INCREASE OF PAY TO ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leavo to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs a bill to increase
the pay of the officers of the Army. This is a
bill of urgent importance, and I hope it will be
introduced and passed without objection.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to make the report.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that the bill may be
read for the information of the House.
The bill was read. It provides that from and
after the commencement of the present fiscal
year, the pay of each commissioned officer of the
Army, including military storekeepers, shall be
increased twenty dollars per month; and that the
commutation price of officers' subsistences shall
be thirty cents per ration; and authorizes the
Secretary of War, on the recommendation of the
council of administration, to extend the additional
pay provided by the bill to any person serving as
chaplain at any post of the United States Army.
Mr. (XUITMAN. When this bill is reported,
I hope the House will consider it of sufficient
importance to depart from the usual course, and
put it on its passage. It has received the unani-
mous sanction of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, un-
less by unanimous consent.
Mr. MATTESON. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire whether it is
the intention of the gentleman from Mississippi
to call for the previous question, if the rules are
suspended for the introduction of the bill?
Mr. QUITMAN. I do not intend to call for
the previous question as soon as the bill is intro-
duced.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 115, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Allison, Barclay,
uarksdale, Henry Bennett, Oendiey fi. Bennett, Benson,
Bowie, Brooks, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Cadwal-
ader, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Caruthers,
Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Clawson, Clingman, Comins, Co-
vode, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis,* Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Denver, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Edmunchon, Elliott, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Granger, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas Ij. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Hodges, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston,
Keitt, Kelly, King, Kunkel, Lake, Alexander K. Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Millward, Moore, Morrison, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens,
Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe,
Tyson, Underwood, VatI, Valk, Walker, Warner, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wright—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Bingham, Bliss, Boyce,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Burnett, Lewis D. Campbell, Ezra
Clark," Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax. Cragin, Craige,
Damrell, Day, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Grow, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Houston, Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kidwell,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,Knox,Leiter, Letcher, Lindley,
Mace, Matteson, McMullin, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols,
Perry, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Ruffin, Sabin, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Stanton, Talbott, Thonngton, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Watkins, Watson, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—65.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
Pending the call,
Mr. FAULKNER stated that he was absent
when his name was called, but that had he been
present he would have voted in the affirmative.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed an act (H. R. No. 243)
for the relief of George K. McGunnegle, sur-
viving partner of the late firm of Hill & McGun-
negle, of St. Louis, Missouri.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the bill for the benefit of the Pacific Rail-
road Company, incorporated by the State of Missouri, with
the subst*ute reported by the Committee on Public Lands,
be made the special order of the day for the 14th day of
January; and that the whole subject of the Pacific railroad
be the first business in order, after the reading of the Journal
on that and every succeeding day, until disposed of; and
that.the bill and substitute be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
70, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Akers, Albright, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Ilillmghurst, Bishop, Bowie, Brenton, Broom, Buffin-
ton, Burhngame, Caruthers, Chaftee, Bayard Clarke, Col-
fax, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Jacob C. Davis, Denver, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Edwards, Emrie, Evans, Flagler, Gilbert,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Howard, Iluiihston, Jewett, Kel-
sey, Knox, Lindley, Maeo, Alexander lC. Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, McCarty, Millward, Morgan, Nichols, Norton,
Mordecai Oliver, Pearce, Pelton, Phelps, Porter, Pringle,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Sapp, Scott, Shorter, William R.
Smith, Stranahan, Thorington, Todrl, Tyson, Valk, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Wells, Whitney, Williams, and Woodworth
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Brad-
shaw, Burnett, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, John P,
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Ezra Clark,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Comins,
Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Duifee, Edie, Elliott,
Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode
Harlan, Samp on W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas It. Horton,
Houston, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, ICmg, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Matte
son, McMullin, Kilhan Miller, Millson, Morrill, Morrison,
Mott, Orr, Paine, Parker, Peck, Perry, Pike, Quitman,
Ready, Ruffin, Sabin, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Tal-
bott, Tappan, Taylor, Thurston, Trafton, Trippe, Vail,
Wade, Walker, Warner, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wat-
son, Welch, Winslow, Woodruff, Darnel B. Wright, John
V. Wright, and Zolheoffer—105.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PURYEAR stated that if he had voted
he should have voted in the negative.
Mr. HERBERT stated that had he been pres-
ent when his name was called, he should have
voted for a suspension jpf the rules.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I offer the following resolu-
tion in behalf of the private claimants against the
Government:
Resolved, That Friday next be appropriated to the con-
sideration of those bills upon the Private Calendar to which
there shall be no objection.
Mr. PHELPS. And beginning at the point on
the Calendar where the eommittee last left off.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I accept of that as an
amendment; and if there is objection to the res-
olution, I move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object; and 1
ask for the yeas and nays upon the motion to
suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative, (two thirds voting in favor of the
suspension of the rules.)
Mr. GIDDINGS demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Yirginia. I desire to be in-
formed of thff object of this resolution. Next
Friday is a day upon which, under the rules,
private claims come up for consideration.
The SPEAKER. But it is not objection day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was dis-
agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS, ETC.
Mr. READY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution ex-
planatory of the se.cond section of the act of tha
3d of February, 1853, entitled " An act to con-
tinue half pay to certain widows and orphans."
The joint resolution, which was read for in-
formation, provides that the second section of tljp
act of the 3d of February, 1853, shall be con-
strued to allow the pensions thereby granted to
the widows of all officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates of the revolu-
tionary army, who were married subsequent to
January, 1800, to commence on the 4th of March,
1848, according to the provisions ,of the act of
July 29, 1848, entitled " An act for the relief of
certain surviving widows, officers, and soldiers
of the revolutionary army."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It is
another claims-agent proposition.
Mr. READY. I move to suspend the rules. -
The question was taken > and the rules wera
not suspended, (two thirds not voting in favor
thereof.)
GRADUATION, ETC., OF PRICE OF PUBLIC
LANDS.
Mr. LINDLEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to~report from the Committee
on Public Lands an act to amend " An act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivators,''approved Au-
gust 4, 1854. •
The bill, which was read for information, pro-
vides that in all eases where public lands have
been entered, under the provisions of the " act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivators," approved
August 4, 1854, and the affidavit required by the
third section of said act has been filed, ana the
money actually paid, it may and shall be lawful
for the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to cause patents to be issued for such lands,
except in contested cases before the register and
receiver of the land office, in which case patents
shall not be issued until the termination of such
contest; also, that where lands hereafter shall be
purchased for actual settlement and cultivation
under the provisions of said act, it shall be lawful
for the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to qause patents to be issued to the purchasers of
the same, when they shall have satisfied the land
receiver, by the testimony of two credible wit-
nesses, that within twelve months after the pur-
chase of said lands they actually settled upon
and cultivated the same.
Mr. LETCHER objected to the report.
