1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
You will observe that, by the resolution, the House of
&ep*esentatives have expressed their desire that the two
classes of their employes shall receive additional compen-
sation, and that such compensation shall be paid by their
Clerk out of the contingent fund of the House.
By the act it is provided, that " to enable the Clerk to pay
• the additional compensation"—not the usual extra com-
pensation only, but that and the twenty per cent. " au-
thorized by the resolution of the House of Representatives
of August 15, 1856," " a sum sufficient for that purpose is
appropriated," and—that the desire of the House may be
complied with as to the payment out of their contingent
fund, and consequently under the control of their Commit-
tee of Accounts—" added to the contingent fund of the
House."
The Comptroller is understood to have expressed the
opinion that a resolution of one House, in contravention of
an existing law, cannot be executed ; and that such is the
casein the present instance—for that the employes em-
braced in the second branch of the resolution of August
15 received the benefits of a joint resolution, approved July
20, 3854, which provides " That the muul extra compensa
tion shall not hereafter be allowed to any person receiving
the benefits of this joint, resolution."
It is believed that the power of cach branch of the legis-
lative department over its own contingent fund, like that
of the President over the secret service fund, has never
before been questioned. By the acts of August 23 and 26,
1842, (Statutes at Large, vol. x., pp. 510.525,) every officer
Or other person in any branch of the public service is pro-
hibited from receiving additional compensation. But when
has it ever been disputed that either Elouse of Congress
may devote a pai t of its contingent fund to such an object ?
On the contrary, the Journals of both Houses are full of
cases where the contingent fund of one or the other House
was thus devoted, and it may be added that the accounts
therefor were, without exception, allowed at the Comp-
troller's office. The rules of both Houses provide for the
appointment of a committee " to audit and control the con-
tingent expenses" of their respective Houses. But, waiving
the question as to the right of either Ilouse to direct the.
manner of disposing of its contingent fund—to the extent,
even, of paying additional compensation to its employes
who are prohibited by law fiom receiving the same—it is
respectfully submitted, that the right to make the proposed
payment is claimed upon higher grounds. In the present
case, nut only is there the resolution of the House express-
ing its intention and wishes, but thei e is, besides, the solemn
act of Congress making an appropriation to carry out the
rejplution, and thereby ratifying and confirming the inten-
tion and wishes of the House. It is not proposed to pay
the second branch of the lesoluuon out of the general fund
for contingencies of the Ilouse, but out of that particular
portion of the contingent fund which has been expressly
appiopriatcd and set apart for that purpose by the act
of August 18; and it is conceived that the question that
properly arises is, that the House of Representatives having
directed certain payments to be made, and Congress having
subsequently sanctioned the same, and made an appropri-
ation therefor, may not such payments be made, even
though there does stand upon the statute-book a law pro-
hibiting it ?
It has been stated that the intention of the Congress
which passed the joint resolution of July 20, 1854, evi-
dently was to break up a practice, which had previously
prevailed, of voting additional compensation. Admitting
such to be the case, it maybe inquired,whether it is not as
manifestly the intention of the present Congress, which
passed the act of August 18, that, for the present occasion
at least, the practice shall be revived ? And is not the
intention as expressed by the present Congiess, accord-
ing to every lule of legal construction, to prevail over tiiat
of a former Congiess ? Surely it cannot be required that
Congress should have repealed the prohibition contained in
the former law, when it is superseded by the inconsistent
cnactmcnt of the subsequent law. Such have not been
the requirements of the Comptroller's office heretofore;
for, in looking through the tenth volume of the Statutes at
Large, numerous cases like the following arc found, viz:
"For additional compensation to the disbuismg clerk and
draughtsmen in the Patent Office, the sum of §300 cach,
to be paid out of the Patent Office fund."—Page 06.
"For the payment of Theodore S. Fay, of the'differ-
-ence between the salary of a secretary of legation, and a
charge d'affaires during the time, on several occasions,
he discharged the duties of the latter office at Prussia,
$4,034 73 2-9."— Page 203.
All of which are in contravention of the acts of 1842,
heretofore referred to, and all of which are understood to
have been paid, and settled at the Comptroller's office.
And it would seem that they wcie legally and properly
paid; for it is found, upon looking at an opinion of Attor-
ney General John Y. Mason, in the case of a clerk in the
Pension Office, submitted to him, he says, after referring
to the prohibitions contained in the aforesaid acts of 1842,
(Opinions Attorney General, p. 1777)—1The salary given
to a clcrk by law for his official services is m full satisfac-
tion of extra services which he may render*. To this rule
there are exceptions—where Congress shall make appropria-
tion for such extra compensation, or where such extra
allowance or compensation shall be authorized by law."
Thus coveting not only the cases just recited, but the very
case under consideration.
It is understood that the Comptioller suggests a further
difficulty in the fact that the amount of the appropriation
for the additional compensation is indefinite. To this it
would seem to be sufficient to reply that appropriations for
such objccts arc usually of that character, and reference is
respectfully made to the Statutes at Large, vol. x, pages 97,
189,276,595, 724, in all which cases it will be found that
indefinite appropriations are made for additional compen-
sation to employes in the executive or legislative depart-
ments.
It has been alleged that the compensation of the em-
ployes, under the joint resolution of July 20, 1854, was
thereby increased twenty per cent., and that it is now pro-
posed to increase it by an additional twenty per cent.
Such is not the case; for at the time the regular compensa-
tion was increased twenty per cent, the usual extra com-
pensation, which had been previously allowed for ten or
twelve years, was taken off, and m the aggregate there was
little or no change effected by the joint resolution ; indeed,
several employes were in fact reduced by it* operation.
The additional compensation now proposed is really the
first actual increase for many years; and may it not be
reasonably supposed that the ica&ons which suggested an
increase in the compensation of members of Congress may
have operated in favor of increasing that of their employes ?
May I not, m conclusion, request that this subject will
receive your earliest convenient attention ?
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. P. INGRAM.
Hon. James GtrrnaiE, Secretory of the Treasury.
[No. 3.]
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, October 15, 1856.
Sir: The letter of William P. Ingram, Esq., chief clerk
in the office of the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
addressed to you on the 1st instant, containing his state-
ment and argument in regard to the last clause of the res-
olution of the House of .Representatives of the 15th of Au-
gust, 1856, allowing compensation to other employes of the
House of Representatives, was referred to this office on the
7th. As the reference was general, I was not aware until
yesterday that a reply was expected or desired.
In regard to that clause of the resolution of August 15, to
which Mr. Ingram refers, I submitted a paper to you ex-
pressive of my opinion on the first day of September.
Mr. Ingram says: "The Comptroller'is understood to
have expressed the opinion that a resolution of ono House,
in contravention of an existing law, cannot be executed,
and that such is the case in the present instance."
Mr. Ingram says further: " It is believed that the power
of each branch of the legislative department over its own
eontingentfund, like that of the President over the secret
service fund, has never been questioned."
So far as L know or believe, this is the first time that
power was ever assumed to pertain to the function? of either
House ; and, if such be the tact, the conclusion may be quite
correct that it " has never been questioned."
The President, by virtue of hi" office, has no such power,
and it is expressly delegated by law.
The thud section of an act, approved May 1, 1810, vol-
ume 2, at page 609, i* as follows : " That where any sum
or sums of money shall be drawn from the Treasury "under
any law making appropriation for the contingent expenses
of intercourse between the United States and foreign na-
tions, the President shall be, and he hereby is, authorized
to cause the same to be duly settled, annually, with the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, in the manner following,
that is to say: by causing the same to be accounted for spe-
cially, in all instances wherein the expenditure thereof may,
in his judgment, be made public, and by making a certifi-
cate of tlic amount of such expenditures as he may think
it advisable not to specify ; and every such certificate shall
be deemed a sufficient voucher for the sum or sums therein
expressed to have been expended."
Congress having ascertained from experience there were
occasions where the expenditure of money in the inter-
course between the Government of the United States and
foreign nations should not be made public, vested the power
in the President of the United States, to decide when the
contingent expense of said intercouise should be settled on
vouchers as m other cases, and when the public interests
lequired that the particulars of the expenditure should not
be spread upon the public records, nor filed with the public
accounts. This discretion was from high considerations of
propriety and State policy, intrusted to the highest officer
elected by the people uifrier the Constitution ; and an exam-
ination would show the discretion has been cautiously
exercised geneially.
From the commencement of President Jackson's admin-
istration on the 4th of March, 1829, to the close of Mi. Van
Buren's administration on the 3d of March, 1841, ail the
accounts charged upon the appropriation for the contingent
e.xp*inse<3 of foreign intercourse were settled on vouchers,
and made as public as other accounts.
I am not able to see the analogy of the case cited. The
President is clothed with the power to spend a contingent
fund at his discretion m his intercourse with foreign Gov-
ernments, because he represents the United States in form-
ing treaties, and itmight be important to obtain infoimation
from private sourccs that would involve the expenditure of
money; good faith requires that the source of the informa-
tion should not be publicly known.
The Hou e of Representatives has no «uch powei con-
ferred by law ovei-its eontingentfund; nor is there any
State policy for keeping the expenditure of the fund secret.
The theory of this Government is, that power not delegated
is in the people, and they have a right to know what their
representatives do with their money. In the eaily history
of the Government, appropriations were of a very general
charactcr, leaving much to discretion in expending the
money in regard to detail
Mr. Jefferson, in hisfirst annual message, said:
" In our case, too, of the public contributions intrusted to
our discretion, it would be prudent to multiply bameis
against their dissipation, by appropnating specific sums to
every specific purpose succeptible of definition: by disal-
lowing all applications of money vaiying from the appro-
priation in object, or transcending it m amount; by reducing
the undefined field of contingencies, and thereby circum-
scribing discretionary powers over money, and by biingmg
back to a single department all accountabilities for money,
where the examinations may be piompt, efficacious, and
uniform "
Mr. Jefferson,in 1801, discovered there was an undefined
fund of contingencies, against which ho thought it was
prudent to multiply barriers ; but at that time the doctrine
wras not broached, that one House of Congre.-s had a con-
stitutional right to mcreaso the salaries of officers, fixed and
established by law,bva resolution to pay the increase fiom
a contingent fund. Mr. Ingram says: "Tnat such a doubt
should have arisen in the mind of the Comptroller and
especially in view of the legislation on that subject, con-
tained in the act of August 18, 1856, has not only surprised
every employe of the House, but every member of Congress
who has been informed of it has expressed equal sur-
prise."
The natural inference from this remark, as to the mem-
bers is. that the subject was deliberately discussed and
consideied; and 1 hope it may not'be deemed to be foreign
to the subject, to copy the proceedings on the occasion of
adopting the resolution. Before doing which, I copy an
inquiry propounded by Mr. Ingram, in these words: "And
may it not be reasonably supposed that the reasons which
suggested an increase in the compensation of members of
Congress, may have operated in favor of increasing that of
their employes ?"
A reference to the proceedings of the House on the two
subjects referred to by Mr. Ingram will enable the exam-
iner very satisfactorily to give an answer in the affirmative.
A proposition was before the House to give to cach mem-
ber a compensation of six thousand dollars for each Con-
gress, and his mileage. More than a year and five months
of the penod embraced m the Thirty-Fourth Congress had
expired. The salaries were to commence on the 4th of
March, 1855, which was before some of the members were
elected. There were present one hundred and nmety-nme
members on the final vote. The ye;is and nays must be
taken when required by one fifth of the members present.
Mr. Morgan moved to lay the hill on the table, and de-
manded the yeas and nays. Not ordered. He demanded
tellers. They were ordered; and thuty-seven members
voted to lay the bill on the table.
A motion having been made for the previous question, it
was seconded.
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. English demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. Morgan demanded tellers on the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and twenty-one members voted in
the affirmative. Yeas and nays not ordered; motion to
lay on the table lost.
The question then was on Mr. Orr's substitute for the
bill.
Mr. Sandidge demanded the yeas and nays; not or-
deicd. Question on the substitute, and it carried.
Mr. Enolish moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. Coi.fax called for the yeas and nays; not ordered.
House refused to lay the bill on the table. The bill was
ordered to be read the third time, and read The previous
question was called on the passage of the bill, and sec-
onded. Main question ordered.
Mr. Richardson called lor the yeas and nays: ordered—
yeas 100, nays 99.
The next business after disposing of that bill was to pro-
vide for the " employes of the House."
Mr. Kunkel asked the unanimous consent of the House
to offei the following resolution :
" Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay out of
the eontingentfund of the Ilouse, the usual extra compen-
sation to that class of employe? who received the yame at
the la> t session of Congress, and to the other employes of
the House respectively, including those employed in the
office of the Superintendent of Public Printing, an amount
equal to twenty per cent, on their annual compensation :
Provided, That tins resolution shall not be construed to in-
clude the Public Pnutei."
" Mr. Jones, of Tennessee. I object.
"Mr. Letcher. I hope nobody will object to it, after
what has been done here to-day.
"Mr. Jones. I hope that those who have tried to do
what is mht may be permitted to object.
" Mr. Khnkei.. I move to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of offering the resolution.
•'Mr. Jones, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas and nays.
" The yeas and nays vveie not ordered. The rules were
suspended.
" Mi. Kuvkei/. I call for the previous question on the
adoption of the resolution.
"The pievious question was seconded; and the main
question was ordeied to be put.
" Mr. Jones, of Tennessee I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
" The motion was disagreed to. The resolution was then
agreed to.'*
Amendments were precluded and debate denied by the
potent power of the previous question m each case; and
the proceedings were so similar that Mr. Ingram with much
piopuety unites them m brotherhood.
Those embraced in the fore part of the resolution, and
referred to as a class of employes who have received the
usual extra compensation, have been paid$"23,975. bccause
they arc not excluded by the resolution of July 20, 1854,
from receiving extra compensation, not having been re-
lieved by its piovisions.
Mr. Ingram having argued the question that each House
has an undoubted ncht to expend its contingent fund in
paying officers whose compensations aie fixed by law, not-
withstanding the joint resolution of July 20,1854*, forbids it,
:is to those who weie paid twenty per cent undent, he
waives the point, and respectfully submits that the right to
make the proposed payment is claimed on "highergrounds."
These " higher grounds" are, that Congress appropriated a
sum of money sufficient to pay all the employes embraced
in the resolution of the House of Representatives ot August
15,18,56. The appiopriation is as follows :
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay additional compensation to its employes and others,
authonzed by the resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of August 15, 1856, a sum sufficient for that purpose
is hereby appropriated, out of any money m the u icasury
not otherwise appropriated, and is hereby added to the
contingent fund of the Ilouse of Representatives. ses-
sion Laics. p. 90.
Who is " authorized" to receive the twenty per cent, is
the question at iss'ue. If one House cannot repeal a law,
tnen those m the class that were paid undei the joint reso-
lution of July 20,1854, are not embraced in the appropri-
ation clause cited. It is contended that the words m the
resolution of August 15,1856—" and to the other employes
