240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 0,
powerunderits constitutional authority to resume
its original functions as one of the branches of
the Legislature. I do not know that in this case
it was an intentional acton the part of the Senate
to adjourn over on Saturday until Monday. I am
inclined to think it was not. The Senate of Iowa
adjourned on Saturday to meet on the succeeding
Monday; and while it was adjourned, and was
incapable as a Senate of going into the House of
Representatives, a, notice was served upon the
Senators, in the different taverns, or hotels, or
wherever they could be found, to come in and
join the Assembly. Some were brought in. Ac-
cording to the ground taken' on the other side,
not only if there had been less than a quorum,
but if there had not been a single Senator there,
the House of Representatives, by the original
organization of this convention, could have gone
on and exercised all the authority of a Legisla-
ture to make an election under this act.
I cannot agree to this position, for two reasons
In the first place, although it was a joint conven-
tion, the import of the act was, that it must be a
convention of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives; and if it was not a convention of the
Senate and House of Representatives, it was not
the Legislature, but it was a mere fusion of such
members of the Senate as would attend (in con-
tradistinction to the Senate itself) in the House
of Representatives, and carry on this election.
They were not the Senate, nor were they there
as Senators in colort officii. They were sum-
moned in this ambulatory way of finding them
wherever they could. Such as would go were
there, and such as would not go were not there.
I should go so far as to say, that an act passed
eight years before this body had to perform these
functions, could not control the Legislature in
its judgment as to the mode of conducting this
election. I would say, if it was attempted to
delegate to the House of Representatives the
power conclusively of conducting this election
without the presence of the Senate, that was
unconstitutional, inconsistent with the organiza-
tion of the Legislature in its true sense, and it
lias found no precedent anywhere. Senators on
the other side are compelled to take the ground
that the House of Representatives alone could
make this election when once they had got into
convention, because there might nave been no
Senators there. The Senators might have re-
fused to go into it. 1 do not know that they
did; but one thing is very certain, that when
the House of Representatives found no response
from the Senate, it was the duty of the Speaker
of that House, according to this law, to adjourn
the convention until Monday, or to another day.
The power of adjourning may have existed. I
shall not undertake to say that it did not; but it
was certainly competent for the House of Repre-
sentatives to send another message on Monday
to the Senate to see whether they wpuld join or
would not join them. But they did no such thing.
They proceeded in invitum to do what they had
the power to do by numerical strength, without
the constitutional representation of the body
contemplated by the constitution of Iowa, as the
Senate. In myjudgment, they have not pursued
this act. Acting under the derivative authority
of this enactment, as designating the mode of reg-
ulating elections by the Legislature, they ought
to have pursued it; but they made fatal aberra-
tions—fatal, in my opinion,as far as regards sanc-
tioning any proceeding of the kind. If this was
the chart—if this act was the power of attorney
under which they acted, why did they not pursue
it? The President of the Senate was not present,
and they elected a President pro tempore, and the
President pro tempore, a Senator, was made Presi-
dent of the convention, palpably in violation of
the act, which says, that in the absence of the
Presidentof the Senate the Speaker of the House
of Representatives shall be the presiding officer
of the convention. The Speaker was not; and
they went thrdugh the form of electing a substi-
tute for the President of the Senate, who took on
him these functions contrary to the provisions of
the act, and contrary, in my opinion, to the true
intent and purpose, if we consult the organic law
prescribing what shall be the aet of the Legisla-
ture.
But there is another fatal mistake—if mistake
it be—and that is this: Each House had a right
to appoint its own teller, but when they went in
on this occasion, and made this election by this
convention, or this mass meeting, as I.contend it
was, the teller of the Senate was not there. The
judge who had derived his authority from the
Senate—and a judge of the election might have
been a very important officer—the j«dge of the
election appointed by the Senate as such was not
present. What did they do? They proceeded
to appoint a teller from among themselves, to
answer their own purpose, and form a very differ-
ent judgment perhaps from that which would
have been formed by the representative of one of
the components of the Legislature. The teller
who presided here as judge was not the teller of
the Senate. That is not pretended. The presiding
officer who presided there was not the presiding
officer contemplated by the act. The Speaker
ought to have assumed the responsibility. But if
this going from one thing to another, and disre-
garding concurrent majorities in the election of a
Senator, as in the case of enacting laws, is allowed,
you disregard the ordinary mode recognized and
acted upon in a joint meeting of the Senate and
House of Representatives; and you leave it to the
House of Representatives to send out the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to summon Senators whenever it
may think proper to meet them in convention,
and the Sergeant-at-Arms can summon whom he
pleases; and if he were a partisan it would be in
his power to select such as would choose his
friends to the exclusion of others whom he might
not wish to find. I think it is a fatal precedent.
My opinion, Mr. President, is, that this is a
confederacy of republics, not a confederacy of
mere democracies who may happen to fuse and
make a new form of legislature different from that
prescribed by the Constitution, under which they
were organized. I am personally indifferent as
to this case. If the Senate shall come to the con-
clusion that this gentleman is entitled to his seat,
be it so. I have not the slightest personal objec-
tion to him. I have given my opinions entirely
in reference to the construction of the Constitu-
tion itself. I will "reserve what I may have to say
to my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who
I know will present his views, as usual, in his
strong way. I have presented mine with as much
simplicity as I could, with a view to obtain the
judgment of the Senate upon the naked questions
of law that are involved in the case.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, differing from
the committee of which I am a member, on this
question, I propose to submit to the Senate some
of the reasons which influence me in dissenting
from the conclusion at which they have arrived
that the sitting member is not entitled to his seat.
The question made by the protest of the Senate
of Iowa, which is the only contest made in this
case, is solely upon the point that they had no
knowledge of the joint convention. They say:
That inasmuch as the Senate has no knowledge of any
such joint convention, and did not participate in the pro-
ceedings theieot', it hereby protests against the action of
said so-called joint convention, and declares the same to
be void and of no effect.5'
' Thus the question presented on the record, by
the issue made by the Senate of Iowa, is as to
the fact whether or not they, as a Senate, had
official notice of the meeting at which the sit-
ting member was elected. Their allegation can
only be taken as true on the supposition that they
had no official notice. I say it is an act of cour-
tesy to them to impute this meaning to their dis-
claimer of notice, because they were present on
the preceding day when the convention adjourned
to meet at ten o'clock on the day of the election,
which, by the law of their organization, the con-
vention had the power to do. The Senate met
in their separate chamber on the next day, and
adjourned before the hour of ten o'clock arrived,
and did not go as a body into the convention.
The sole question here made is, whether that cir-
cumstance vitiated the election? In myjudgment
it does not, and I will proceed briefly to state the
reasons for this opinion. By the Constitution of
the United States it is provided:
The Senate of ttie United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Lcgislatuie
thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall have one
vote."
Of whom did the Legislature of Iowa consist ?
According to her constitution, the members
elected to the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, who are called the General Assembly, are
invested with legislative authority, They then
are the persons whose constitutional duty it is,
in the mode prescribed by the laws of Iowa, to
elect a Senator to this bodiy.
The fourth section of the first article of the
Constitution provides:
"The times, places, and maimer of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be pi escribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at
any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as
to the places of choosing Senators." '
Congress has not exercised the power vested
in it by this clause to regulate the time and man-
ner of choosing Senators; but the Legislature of
Iowa have exercised the power conferred on them
by this section. They declared by an act of their
Legislature, passed on the 23d of February, 1847,
that the election should take place at the seat of
government, in the hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives, by the members elected to the Senate
and House of Representatives,-called the General
Assembly of Iowa, and that the election should
take place in joint convention of the two Houses.
Thus have the Legislature of Iowa prescribed the
time, place, and mode of election. The time is ^
appropriate, for it is at the session next preceding
the expiration of the regular term of their Senator
in this body. The place is appropriate and con-
venient, being where the Legislature meets, and
in the hall of the House of Representatives, the
most numerous branch. The mode is such as
Iowa has dictated according tp her will—by a
joint convention of the members who composed
her two legislative bodies, the members'of the
House and the members of the Senate. They
constitute the Legislature of the State, and are
the persons to whom this trust is confided by the
Constitution of the United States. They go into
this joint convention according to the law, by a
resolution passed by one branch and concurred
in by the other.
The Legislature of Iowa met in joint conven-
tion regularly, according to this law. The House
of Representatives passed a resolution asking the
Senate to go into the election of a United States
Senator at the session of the Legislature next
preceding the expiration of the term of the Hon.
A. C. Dodge. This resolution was concurred in
by the Senate. Thus far the convention was
regularly constituted. It was presided over by
the President of the Senate. The Speaker of the
House of Representatives was present; the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, in pursuance
of the law, acted as the clerk of the joint conven-
tion.
The Legislature which enacted this law made
another provjsion—a wise and proper one, which
ought to be made by all the Legislatures of the
States, or made by Congress, in the exercise of
the power vested in them by the Constitution.
To avoid the danger of the representation of the
State being vacant in this body—to prevent the
success of factious efforts to defeat an election at
the proper time, and thus to defeat the will of the
majority of the constitutional electors, this law
enacted that the convention, when thus consti-
tuted according to law, should have the power to
prolong its own existence by its own adjourn-
ment from time to time, until some person should
receive a majority of the votes of the members
of the joint convention.
It was the wisdom of that Legislature which
defeated the factious action of that State Senate.
The two Houses passed a resolution for a joint
convention, and met in convention at the time
agreed upon. JThe convention was regularly
constituted according to the law. This is ad-
mitted. Then, being unable to elect a Senator on
the first dgy, they adjourned to another day, and
yet to another, and still to another, until oil Fri-
day, January 5, 1855, after several fruitless bal-
lots, they adjourned to the next morning at ten
o'clock. This adjournment was by virtue of the
authority conferred on them by the act of the
Iowa Legislature, an act strictly in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States. The
members of the Senate, who were a portion of.
this joint convention, were present when this
adjournment took place, as .appears from their
own records now m my hands, as well as from
the records of the House of Representatives.
The Senate recorded that adjournment oil their
own Journal, as they were bound to do under the
act. But although present at the time of that
adjournment, on the next morning, before ten
o'clock arrived, to which hour the convention
