THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 1857.
New Series No. 16.
had adjourned, they met as a Senate and ad-
journed over until Monday. The honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee says he
presumes they did not know of the meeting of
the joint convention on that day. I have already
shown from their own records, which he has
presented in his report, but which no doubt
escaped him, that they did know it. Being
present on Friday when the adjournment of the
joint convention took place, they were obliged to
Know it, especially as the fact of that adjourn-
ment was placed upon their own record.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say that they did
not know of the adjournment until ten o'clock on
Saturday; but I say that it does not appear that
the adjournment till Monday was intended for
the purpose of defeating an election.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not to suppose so is a great
courtesy to them.
Mr. BUTLER. I presume they thought that,
as a Senate, they had a right to do as they pleased
in regard to their own adjournments.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will not trust myself to
speak of the conduct of that Senate as I think
it deserves, because they are entitled to respect
from the coordinate branches of the Government.
I shall simply state facts as they appear on the
record. I shall not characterize their conduct,
but I shall show what it was. The members of
the Senate were present on Friday, when the joint
convention adjourned until the next day at ten
o'clock. They concurred in that adjournment.
It was announced by their President and placed
on their own records. They had therefore full,
ample, plenary notice of that fact. They met on
Saturday morning before the hour of ten o'clock,
and when the usual message was sent to them,
(which my friend seems to deem important, but
which I look upon as a mere act of courtesy on
the part of the House,) announcing that the House
of Representative's were ready, in accordance with
the adjournment of the joint convention, to receive
them, there was no Senate to be found; but the
Secretary reported that they adjourned till Mon-
day.
A minority of that Senate, consisting, it ap-
pears, of a large number of Senators, went into
the hall of the House, but they did not go, as my
friend says, with the President of the Senate at
their head, and with the clerks and other officers
around them. They did not enter the hall of
the House in state, but those members of that
branch of the Legislature who intended to perform
the duties imposed upon them by the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the law of their own
State, made in pursunnce of that Constitution,
did go into the discharge of this duty. This joint
convention, composed not of a minority, but of a
majority, of all the persons upon whom this
duty devolved by the Constitution of the United
States and the law of Iowa, proceeded to choose
a Senator to represent that State in this body.
There was present a full quorum of the electors.
The electors were the Senators and Representa-
tives of Iowa. The presiding officer declared that
the joint convention had met in pursuance of ad-
journment. The question was then made that
the Senate "was not there as a Senate; and I say
they could not be under this law of Iowa, but the
joint convention was there. The law of Iowa
declared, that in the absence of all other rules,
they should be governed by Jefferson's Manual.
According to that manual, a majority of the mem-
bers of the joint convention then assembled, if
there had not been a Senator present, were com-
petent to perform the duty which the law devolved
upuu the joint convention. The law declared that
they should proceed to vote, and continue to vote
until some person received a majority; and, in
order to protect the State farther against faction,
which has become rife throughout this gountry,
and in consequence of which we are now without
two or three members of this body, and are likely
to be without many more in the future, that law
declared that the election should be carried on by
a majority of those who were present, a quorum
being assembled. Thatlaw disabled faction, and
16
prevented the defeat of this high constitutional
duty imposed on the Legislature. The only ques-
tion which can be raised isj whether this be a
constitutional law?
I have said, that for the election of a Senator
in this case, the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of Iowa originally were regularly consti-
tuted into a joint convention, and the law gave
the convention power to continue its own exist-
ence. It did continue until it elected a supreme
judge, who, I understand, is now administering
justice in Iowa, and a Senator of the United
States. No irregularity is complained of except
that, on the Saturday morning of this election,
the Senate would not march into the joint con-
vention. Let me turn to the law, which, I think,
settles the question. It provides:
" Sec. 7. If neither of the candidates shall receive the
votes of a majority of the members present, a second poll
may be taken; and so from time to time, until some one
of the candidates shall receive a majority of the votes of
the members present.
" Sec. 8. If the election shall not be completed at the first
meeting, the President shall adjourn the convention when-
ever and to such time as a majority of the members then
present shall determine; and so from time to time, until
some one of the candidates shall receive a majority as
aforesaid."
This act constituting these electors, being mem-
bers of the Legislature, a convention to perform
this duty, gave them authority to preserve their
organization so long as a quorum of the conven-
tion were willing to discharge their legal duty.
In consequence of the non-appearance of the Sen-
ate, one of the directory clauses of this act could
not be complied with. That point, however, is
not made by the protest of the State Senate. The
President of the Senate was not present, and
therefore ho could not preside^
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. For the purposes of illustration, as
this is a question that we all desire to understand
nicely, let me suggest what would have been the
effect, if the Senate, instead of adjourning, had
remained in session, and had not gone into con-
vention?
Mr. TOOMBS. My opinion is, that there
would be no difficulty in that case.
Mr. BIGLER. There would have been no
convention of the Legislature if the Senate had
remained in session, and had refused to meet the
House.
Mr. TOOMBS. There would have been, in
my judgment, a convention of the General As-
sembly of Iowa, who had a right to elect a Sen-
ator.
Mr. BIGLER. The Constitution says the
election shall be by " the Legislature.''
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; but this was a lawful
convention of both branches of the Legislature
as long as a quorum attended, no matter where
the minority were. This is a complete technical
answer to the technical objection, and resolves
itself into the same objection taken by the Senator
from South Carolina. Gentlemen speak of the
Legislature as if it were some unreal, intangible
thing. I say the legislative power here was
vested in the persons whom the people of Iowa
sentto their Senate and House of Representatives.
They were the persons to exercise the power of
election. This power of electing Senators vested
in the State governments, to be exercised by their
Legislatures after a severe and doubtful struggle
in the Federal Convention. It was one of the
most difficult questions in the convention which
framed the Federal Constitution. It came near
wrecking the convention, and was unquestion-
ably adopted finally by them, in opposition to
their convictions, solely from Necessity. The
majority of the convention were opposed to equal
representation in the Senate, and opposed to vest-
ing this power in the State governments. Under
the old Confederation, the State Legislature,
whether consisting of one body or two bodies,
elected the members of Congress. The smaller
States—but less than a majority of the Federal
Convention—desired to preserve that feature in
the new Constitution; but they finally compro-
mised by agreeing to an equality of representation
here, and by conceding to the State authorities
the right of choosing Senators. The precise
mode was a matter wholly immaterial to the con-
vention. Equality of representation among the
States in both branches of Congress was the great
bone of contention; and even after the convention
overrode the smaller States, they were compelled
to recede, because the Government could not be
made without acknowledging State equality.
Then it was provided that the Senators should
be chosen by the State Legislature. The elec-
tion of Senator was not an act to be done by a
law of the Legislature, requiring the concurrence
of the separate bodies of which it was composed,
but it was to be by the members of the. Legisla-
ture, in such manner as should be provided by
law.
The Constitution gives the Legislature the
right to declare what shall be the mode of elec-
tion. The Legislature, by a law of this State,
has said that the members who compose the two
bodies called the General Assembly of Iowa,
shall meet in joint convention, and perform this
duty. ^ I believe there are now but few States in
the Union—perhaps not a half dozen—in which
the Legislature, as such, exercises this power.
Take the case of Virginia. Although the two
Houses there did not go into joint convention, the
Senate may be against a particular individual by
a majority of five; but if the other House is for
him by a majority of six, he is declared duly
elected*. In this case a Senator is elected against
the vote—the will of one branch of the Legisla-
ture. He may be elected against the vote of every
single State Senator, which is conclusive in this
State, that the concurrence of both branches of
the Legislature is not necessary to the election
of a Senator from Virginia, nor is the difficulty
removed by the plea that they agree to be over-
ruled if their consent be necessary under the
Constitution. As a separate branch, they can-
not surrender the right—rather the constitutional
duty.
Mr. BIGLER. Now another point, if the
Senator pleases. If I understand him correctly,
he argues that the convention having been regu-
larly constituted originally, the Senate having
convened with the House, and constituted a con-
vention, a majority of the convention so consti-
tuted could continue its proceedings from day to
day, although the Senate might meet in its organ-
ized capacity.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly I do.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator's position is, that
the House of Representatives being a majority of
the members of the convention, could control the
coordinate branch of the Legislature to any extent,
and for any length of time; and that although
the Senate, which makes part of the Legislature,
might have convened and remained in session,
and proceeded with business, the House of Rep-
resentatives could go on and elect a United States
Senator. I understand the Senator to contend
for this.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly I do.
Mr. BIGLER. There we differ.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well. The Senator has
stated a legitimate corollary from my position,
and I do not at all shrink from it. The members
of the Senate have no more power, as Senators,
than they would have if they were members of
the other House. The members of the House of
Representatives can control the members of the
Senate to any extent that the law of Iowa allows
them to control them. The law of Iowa says
that the members of these two bodies shall do
this duty; and, as I before stated, when the Sen-
ate has once agreed to form the convention, and
the convention has been formed, the law gives it
a right to continue its own existence; and, though
the Senate may meet no more, or may meet every
day, and may refuse to join the House, vet when-
ever the joint convention is constituted, by the
i law of Iowa it has the power of self-preservation,
i When the joint convention is constituted accord-
! ing to this law, the members of each House en-
I roiled their names as members of the convention
