244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
that joint convention. Fifteen Senators actually
voteel. It required sixteen to constitute a ma-
jority; and Mr. Ramsey and iMr. Thurston, of
the other party, were present, but requested not
to b<* considered members of the joint convention ;
so that there was present an absolute majority of
the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I saw that they were present,
but not assenting to these proceedings; and there-
fore I did not make any point on their mere cor-
poreal presence. .
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Georgia should
recollect they were called in by the Sergeant-at-
Mr." TOOMBS. I make no point on that.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask a question of
the honorable member from Iowa. I want to
know of what number the House of Represent-
atives and Senate of that State consist: The
report does not show.
Mr. HARLAN. There are thirty-one Sen-
ators, and sixty-nine members of the House—
making one hundred in all. One seat was vacant
by death, and one by sickness—leaving ninety-
eight members competent to vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. The sitting member received
a clear majority of the whole number of members
of the Legislature of Iowa. That fact appears
from the papers. The election was held m sub-
stantial conformity to the laws of Iowa; it lacks
nothing even of form, except what necessarily
resulted from the non-performancc of their duty
by the very persons who are now protesting
against it. Shall these objections prevail? The
question is, whether the Senate of the United
States will permit this constitutional duty to be
disobeyed—this legal obligation to be disregarded,
for the benefit of a faction, against the Constitu-
tion of the United States—against the rights of
Iowa, and of the sitting member? I say not.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to say a few words only
in explanation of my vote, as I am a member of
the committee which investigated this case. I
concur mainly in the views presented by my
colleague on the committee, the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] My impression at first,
on readingthese papers, was adverse to the claim
of the sitting member; but the first question
which presented itself to my mind was, what
does the Constitution of the United States mean
when it says that the Senators shall be chosen in
each State " by the Legislature thereof?" If it
means, as Senators have stated, by a concurrent
vote of the two branches which may constitute the
State Legislature, then indubitably forsixty years
nine tenths of those who have held seats in this
Chamber were not properly elected. I believe,
in the representation of the State of Ohio, it has
seldom happened—the cases are exceptions in
which the Senator has had an actual majority of
the votes of both branches of the State Legisla-
ture. It did so happen in my case, and it hap-
pened in the case of my colleague, on his reelec-
tion last winter. I believe, at his first election, it
was not the case, though I may be mistaken. It
certainly did not happen in the case of my pre-
decessor that he had a majority of both Houses,
and it did not happen in the case of his prede-
cessor.
Now, if this were a new question—if we were
to decide, for the first time, whether the vote is
to be taken by the concurrence of the two
- branches, or by a majority of all the members of
both branches, there might be some room for
doubt. It is to that point that Chancellor Kent
addressed himself. As I before remarked, Judge
Story and Mr. Rawle have intimated no opinion
whatever upon it; but Chancellor Kent has a
paragraph, to which the Senator from South Car-
olina alluded, and which I will read to the Sen-
ate. It is:
" The election of the Senate by the State Legislatures is
also a recognition of their separate and independent exist-
once, and renders them absolutely essentia] to the oper-
ation of the national Government. There were difficulties
some years ago, as to the true construction of the Consti-
tution m the choice of Senators. They were to be chosen
by the Legislatures, and the Legislature was to prescribe
the times, places, and manner of holding elections for Sen-
ators ; and Congress are authorized to make and alter such
regulations, except as to the place. As the Legislature
may prescribe the manner, it has been considered and set-
tled, m Now SToik, that the Legislature may prescribe that
they shall be chosen by jointVote or ballot of the two
houses, in case the two houses cannot separately concur
in a choice, and then the weight of the Senate la dissipated
and lost in thi> more numerous vote of the Assembly. This
construction has become too convenient, and has been too
lonff settled by the recognition of Senators so elected, to oe
now disturbed; though I should thmk, if the Ques1"511
a new one, that, when the Constitution directed that the
Senators should be chosen by the Legislature, it meant not
the members of the Legislature per capita, but the Legis-
lature in the true technical sense, being the two bouses
acting in their separate and organized capacities, with trie
ordinary constitutional right of negative on each other s
proceedings."
Then the question is, whether the word " Le-
gislature" in the Constitution means to indicate
that the election of a Senator is a legislative pro-
ceeding in a State government? If so,undoubt-
edly in many of the States the Governor would
be entitled to a voice; yet Judge Story says, in
his Commentaries, that it has been decisively
settled in all cases that the Governor has no right
to interfere. If so, it is in vain to say that the
intention of the Constitution of the United States
was to make the election of a Senator of the
United States an ordinary legislative act. It was
simply to designate the class of persons in whom
the right of election should be vested. The elect-
oral college in each State was to consist of the
members elected to the two branches; and the
word ii Legislature" is used in the Constitution
as a mere nomen collection to designate the parties
who are to vote. The Legislature of Iowa has
passed an act; and if that act be constitutional, it
seems to me there is an end of this question.
They have required that the two branches of the
Legislature shall agree on a given day for going
into the election; after they come together, that
the distinction between Senators and Represent-
atives shall be obliterated; it shall not be Senator
this one, and Representative that one, but all the
names of all the members are to be entered upon
one list alphabetically. That is the statute.
There is not to be a vote of the Senators by them-
selves, and the Representatives by themselves;
they cease to be Senators and Representatives;
they bccome members of the convention; they
are present only in the character of members of
the convention. What is the convention to do?
The President of the Senate, orthe person holding
that office, is to preside; and the Clerk of the
House, or the person holding that office, is to-
record the,proceedings. They are to proceed
with the vote. They can do nothing else. They
are bound to proceed with the vote. It is the
duty of the President to call for the vote. If
there be no election, that statute says they shall
proceed to another poll, and another, and another,
until, in its own words, some person has a ma-
jority of all the votes; they cannot stop short of
that. Neither House can defeat it. The consti-
tution of the joint convention is an irrevocable
act. If they cannot finish the election on the first
day, the statute says they shall adjourn to another
day, and another, and another, until some person
has a majority of the votes. That is the law.
As the Senator from Georgia has well said, the
sovereignty of Iowa, represented by both branches
of her Legislature, and agreed to by her Gov-
ernor, according to all the forms of her legislation,
has said this shall be the manner of election.
Now, what happened in the case of the sitting
member? The House of Representatives of Iowa
proposes to the Senate to go into an election on
a given day. The Senate concur. They all
come in. They meet together; they vote; there
is no choice. They then agree to adjourn to the
second day. They vote again; there is no choice.
They then adjourn to a third day. They vote
again, and there is no choice. They then, by
some change of proceeding, transpose the order
of election, and, instead of voting for a Senator,
vote for a supreme judge. The manner of elec-
tion for each was the same. On the fourth day
they succeed in electing one of the judges of the
supreme court. Then, a vote is taken to adjourn
to the fifth day. That vote is taken by the yeas
and nays; the names are all recorded, and a ma-
jority of the members of each branch voted for
that adjournment. It was not the act of the
House over the head of the Senate; but a majority
of the Senators themselves yoted for it. The
President of the Senate voted for it; the teller of
the Senate voted for it. Their names are there
in blackand white upon the record, and the Senate
entered that proceeding on its own journal, being
its own act, that it had solemnly agreed, as a
part of the joint convention, or, rather, the con-
vention had agreed, with its full assent, to adjourn
over to Saturday at ten o'clock. What was the
duty of the members? Suppose the Senate had
not sat at all on that Saturday; suppose it had ad-
journed from Friday over to Monday: what was
the duty of the members? They had by the act
of the union of the two branches, become mem-
bers of the joint convention, as a separate and
independent organization. It was their duty to
attend it, Senate or no Senate; and the convention
did what? My friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, attaches importance to this fact: that on
the first day of the joint convention, the House
sent a message to the Senate, by three of its
members, to inform the Senate that it was ready
to receive it. That is not required by the law.
It is not an act of substance. It is a mere act
of courtesy. It is merely to say to the Senators,
('we have now prepared seats to receive you."
It was not required at all; but the House did it
on the first day, the second day, the third day,
the fourth day, and on the fifth day. My friend
calls it giving notice. It was not giving notice.
The notice was given by the adjournment; but
they did on the fifth day send another message
to the Senate chamber, and they found the Sec-
retary of the Senate, who said the Senate had
adjourned. The Senator from South Carolina
says there was nobody there to receive the no-
tice. No notice was required. But what did
the joint convention do ? Some of the Senators
attended, as was their obvious duty under the
law, they being members of the joint convention
and bound to obey it.
Mr. BUTLER. As my friend has dwelt on
one point, I will ask him how he will answer this
question: Suppose, after five ballotings or three
adjournments, they had sent to the Senate a
message stating that they were ready to receive
them, but on the sixth or seventh day they had
sent no message, but went into an election?
Mr. PUGH. I think no message was neces-
sary.
Mr. BUTLER. Suppose they had sent no
message ?
Mr. PUGH. The election would have been
just as good without it. The law did not require
any message to be sent. The message was a
simple act of courtesy from the members of the
House, who seemed to think that, as it was their
House, they had a right to arrange the seats. It
was not a matter of substance; it was not required
by any law; but I say they did it. No notice to
the Senate was required; but some of the Sena-
tors, fifteen of them, attended; sixteen were
absent. What did the convention do ? It sent the
Sergeant-at-Arms after the absentees—the very
thing it should have done. They were members
of that body. They were bound by their oath
of office, and by the law, to attend it; they were
in default for not attending it; and the convention
had a right to send for them, and did send for
them. The Sergeant-at-Arms made due return of
process. He took two of them corporeally, as
my friend from Georgia says—enough to make
a quorum, and these two gentlemen thus accounted
for themselves:
" Senators Ramsay and Thurston appeared on the floor
of the convention"—
They were brought there.
"and desired to be considered as not acting m the conven-
tion."
They were brought into it, and yet they refused
to perform their duty. What further?
" The Sergeant-at-Arms reported that he had performed
his duty as required by the convention; and that a few of
the members-he could not find."
I suppose they 4sccreted themselves or went
off. The whole question comes back to this:
What was the effect of organizing the joint con-
vention ? I say that when once organized it was
irrevocable, it was an independent body, and
it had a right to coerce the attendance of its mem-
bers. If every member of the Senate had chosen
to remain away, the members of the House,
being there in their character as the majority of
the joint convention, had the right to send the
Sergeant-at-Arms after them, and bring them to
the bar of the convention, and report them to
their Houses afterwards as disobedient in their
duty.
I may say that up to this point of the case,
after having given it a thorough examination, 1
entertained no doubt at all; but I did atone stage,
after the first examination, entertain very
doubt about two irregularities, of which my
