246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
proposition is, that the Constitution means, or
that the Legislature of Iowa are at liberty so to !
interpret it as to mean, a convention of all the
raerabcrS of both Houses, and that a majority is
necessary for the purpose of constituting that
convention. If the House of Representatives, on
the 6th of January, 1855,had adjourned and gone
away, there could have been no election; but the
Senate having adjourned and gone away, they
say makes no difference, because that the conven-
tion, when once organized, is and continues to be
the Legislature of the State of Iowa, within the
meaning of the Constitution of the United States,
until this election is accomplished. All this ar-
gument is predicated upon the inconvenience, the
evil consequences of leavinga State unrepresented
by the factious conduct of one branch of the Legis-
lature. The same thing may occur by a re-
fusal originally to go into joint session. It may
occur, as I have already stated, in the case of a
House of Representatives finding any majority
they may have, overpowered by the vote of the
Senate refusing to go into an election. Here we
have a state of things on the construction given
by the Senator from Georgia, by which the House
of Representatives swallows up the Senate 111 the
State Legislatures, and obtains an absolute con-
trol over them under a constitution which holds
them to be equal.
If I had the interpretation of this constitution,
I should hold that it required the concurrent
action of every branch of the Legislature, in
order to effect the appointment of a Senator.
Mr. DURKEE. Including the Governor of a
State?
Mr. GEYER. No, sir. In no State that I
know of is the Governor a branch of the Legis-
lature. He has the veto power. He is 110 more
a branch of the Legislature than the President is
a branch of Congress, which is the Legislature
of the Union. 1 think, if I heard the reading
from Kent's Commentaries, that that is the
opinion entertained by Chancellor Kent; but^a
practice has grown up which has received the
sanction of the Senate, of bringing together, 111
what is called a convention, the two Houses,
where the Legislature is constituted. of two
branches, for the appointment of Senator, and in
some instances it has happened that a Senator
has been chosen who did not receive the majority
of the votes of each House. Rut then that is per-
fectly reconcilable with the idea which I entertain
of this provision of the Constitution; it is a con-
vention of the two Houses, and not a convention
of the members of one or two Houses. They
meet together, and when they vote together both
Houses are present, giving their sanction to the
act. The Legislatuie of the State, therefore,
makes the appointment, being represented by all
the branches of the Legislature; and that is
carrying this provision of the Constitution far
enough. Certainly, if we adopt the interpretation
given by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
we place it in the power of a majority in the
House of Representatives of any State, at any
time, to coerce an election of a Senator against
the unanimous vote of the whole Senate—to con-
stitute itself into a Legislature of the State for
that purpose.
But 1 apprehend, Mr. President, that this act
of the Iowa Legislature did not design any such
thing; and the only foundation for the construc-
tion of the honorable Senator from Georgia is to
be found in a loose expression in the first "section,
that it is to be a convention of the members of
the Legislature; but the whole of the subsequent
proceedings show that, in the contemplation of
the body enacting the law, that was a conven-
tion of the two Houses. We find that, by the
second section, the President of the Senate, and
in his absence, the Speaker of the House, is to
preside. Each House is to appoint one teller—
each H'nise acting independently. The Secretary
of the Senate and the Chief Clerk of the House
are to keep a record, and that record is to be
entered on the Journals of the respective Houses
as their act, as their recognition of the proceed-
ing, as the evidence of their concurrence in what
was done at the time they were in convention.
. These entries upon the Journals, this appoint-
ment of officers by the respective Houses, this
official,record kept by each of them of their con-
currence, was intended doubtless by the Legis-
lature to be employed as a means of carrying out
the idea contained in the Constitution, as inter-
preted in some of the States of this Union, of a
joint convention of the two Houses. Accord-
ingly, we find that every morning when the House
of Representatives met, after the passage of the
resolution by which the two Houses agreed to
come together in convention, the House of Rep-
resentatives sends a message—to whom ? To the
members of the Senate. Does the House of Rep-
resentatives resolve itself into a convention, and
send for absent members ? No, sir; the uniform
practice every morning was to'appoint a com-
mittee to go to the Senate, and inform the Senate
that the House of Representatives was then ready
for the joint convention of the two Houses.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think the Senator is mistaken.
I think the message was that the hall of the
House was ready to receive them.
Mr. GEYER. Hero is the House Journal:
" A committee of'three was appointed to wait upon the
Senate, and inform that body tha't the House of Represent-
atives was now ready to receive the Senate m joint con-
vention."
I put it to honorable Senators, what does that
mean ? The organization of a convention to con-
sist of the members of the Senate and House of
Representatives—Senators and Representatives,
or a joint convention to consist of the two Houses,
organized under the constitution. The messen-
ger went on the 6ih of January, and ho found no
Senate. The committee reported that they had
discharged their duty by proceeding to the Senate
chamber and delivering their message, " and in-
forming the Secretary of the Senate thereof," but
" the Sccretmy infoimed the committee that the
Senate had adjourned." Then the invitation
could not be accepted. The Senate could not go
into joint convention. What did they do next?
A number of the members of the Senate entered
the hall of the House without their President and
took their seats. How many of them? A
number of them attracted by curiosity, and some
of them contemplating going into this fusion
convention, went into the hall of the House of
Representatives; but the Senate was not there.
" The Speaker announced that the joint conven-
tion of the Senate and House of Representatives
was now in session.'5 It seems to me, that that
Speaker undertook to convert those Senators who
came in into an organized branch of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, without the warrant of the consti-
tution of that State, or even of the law under
which they met. He announced that a joint
convention had met—of whom ? " Of the Senate
and House of Representatives," not of the mem-
bers of the Senate and members of the House of
Representatives.
I advert to these proceedings in the House of
Representatives—the action of their Spe'aker, the
language employed, to show that in the contem-
plation of the members of that body, it never
occurred to them until the morning of the 6th
of January after the Senate had adjourned, they
were competent to elect a United States Senator
without the presence of the Senate. The ques-
tion was made, " was the joint convention prop-
erly convened ?"—" the joint convention" again.
"The Speaker announced that the convention
had now convened." Just before, it was "the
joint convention of the Senate and House of
Representatives;" now, it has come down to
"the convention;" that is, i't becomcs a joint
convention by the fact that some few Senators
walked into the chamber and took their seats !
The honorable Senator from Georgia says it
•was utterly unimportant whether there was a
single Senator there; and I agree that, according
to his interpretation of the act, it was altogether
unimportant whether or not there was a majority
of the whole number of Senators and Representa-
tives present; and that very conclusion is a demon-
stration of the fallacy of his argument, because
it resolves itself into this: that the power which,
under the Constitution, is vested equally in all the
branches of the Legislature of the State, may be
so d isposed of by the Legislature at one time as to
put in the power of either branch; for if the House
of Representatives, or a fused con vention, is a sub-
stitute for the Legislature, it may determine the
number of votes that shall be necessary; and thus
it may resolve it down to anuftiber equal to a quo-
rum ot the Senate, and exclude the House of Rep-
resentatives altogether. It is said that the Senate
had an opportunity of being there So have the
members of this body always an opportunity of
being here; but if they do not choose to come
and form a quorum, we cannot legislate; we are
not a Senate. It is true, we often act without a
quorum; but if it appeared on the Journal that
we did so, our act would be inoperative.
Nov*, sir, I maintain that the true construction
of this Constitution is, that a quorum, (by what-
ever name you call that convention,) for the pur-
pose of appointing a Senator, requires that the
two Houses should be there. I have been asked
if the members of the Senate had withdrawn
after the Senate had come as a Senate into the
chamber to vote with the House of Representa-
tives, what would have been the result? To that
I answer that it would depend precisely on what
the Journals of the two Houses showed. If the
Journals showed that .the Senate and House of
Representatives had been there in convention
and recorded the vote, or, whether they recorded
it or not, exhibited the result of that joint action,
it would not have affected the validity of the elec-
tion; but I apprehend that if it appeared by the
Journals that there was not a quorum of cither
House, no act of the Legislature of Iowa would
make'that an appointment of a Senator by the
Legislature of that State according to the true
interpretation of the Constitution of the United
States. I mean that if the Legislature of Iowa,
or Congress, (for it has the same power,) should
enact that less than a majority of either House,
where the constitution of a State required a ma-
jority to constitute a quorum in either House,
should form a quorum for the purpose of appoint-
ing a Senator, it would not be a Legislature
within the meaning of the constitution. The
Constitution of the United States, icferring to
" the Legislature," looked to that Legislature as
it is organized by the State constitutions, and
not as conventions may be formed by acts of the
Legislature.
Mr. President, I have no feeling on this sub-
ject. I have thought proper to express my
opinion on the constitutional power of the Iowa
I Legislature and the interpretation of their acts,
j because I was forced to my conclusion from the
| best investigation I could give.to the subject. I
' felt, as I said in the opening, a strong disposition
; to maintain the right of the Senator from Iowa
• to his seat, because I saw that in this particular
i instance he had received a majority of those who
j would have been entitled to vote if the eonven-
! tion had been properly organized; but the effect
! would have been the same according to the con-
struction of the Senator from Georgia if he had
not received a majority of all those who happened
on that occasion to be invited to attend the joint
convention; for you will see they sent out the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and when they got a sufficient
number to answer their purposes, they proceeded
to elect, and they suspended the sending for ab-
sentees. It may happen in such a case, where a
Senate or House of Representatives do not
choose to go into the election, that if the mem-
bers are to be summoned, instead of the body to
which they belong, the Blouse who choose to sit
in convention may summon only such as they
think lit, to invite for that purpose.
I feel bound to vote for sustaining the report
of the committee. I should not have troubled the
Senate with these remarks if we could have had
time, according to my view of the subject, to pre-
sent a written report; but I, in common with
other members of the committee, was anxious to
bring the subject before the Senate in order that
it might be decided in time to have another elec-
tion in Iowa if the dedfeion should be as I think
it ought to be.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move an amendment to the
resolution of the majority of the committee, to
strike out all after the word " Resolvedy" and in-
sert:
" That James Harlan is entitled to his seat as a Senator
from Town."*
Mr. BAYARD. I have some remarks to make;
but I should prefer addressing the Senate on this
question to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that it is im-
portant that we should have an executive session,
and as the usual hour for adjournment has
arrived, and the Senator desires to speak on this
question, I mov^ that it be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. HARLAN. For what reason?
