252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
adjourned sine die, or for one day, or for ten days.
Durin? the recess, in which they do not exist as
a political body, they can do no legislative action,
and can transact no business whatever. "What-
ever authority the other House may have in-
herent in itself by the provisions of the consti-
tution, of course it can exercise; but whatever
requires the concurrence of the other body, it can-
not exercise in the recess of that other body so as
to give their action any obligatory force. They
can only act to the extent of their own power.
I come now, sir, to what is an answer, in my
views, to the question propounded by the honor-
able Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.] A
usage sprung up in the early history of the coun-
try by which nearly all the State Legislatures,
or a great majority of them, meet in joint meet-
ing to elect a Senator of the United States, either
by vim voce, or by ballot; and other Legislatures
elect by concurrent acts of the two Houses. In
Iowa, there is a law which authorizes a majority
of both bodies united to control and make an
election; and gentlemen say the usage of electing
by joint meeting sanctions. the principle that
■when one House of the Legislature, as a body,
dissents and refuses to act, the election made by
the other House is nevertheless the act of the
Legislature, because of the law of Iowa. I con-
fess, that in my judgment the mode of election by
joint meeting is an irregularity—no more. That
it was adopted for the purpose of securing an
election and avoiding the dangers of a difference
of opinion between the two Houses which con-
stitute the Legislature, is certain; but how was
-it adopted? The Legislatures of the different
States met. The time, place, and manner of
election, is confided by the Constitution to them
with the power on our part to alter their pre-
scription, except as to place. They met and
chose to exercise the power in that way. Until
you show me a case in which one of the Houses
of a Legislature, at the time and place fixed for
the election, refused as an integral body, by a vote
of a majority, to meet the other House, or where
that body was adjourned at the time when the
election took place, and was no longer a legisla-
tive body for the purpose of legislative action—
until you can show me that case you can show
me nothing parallel to this.
lean understand perfectly well, under the prin-
ciple of passing a measure svb silentio, that we
have no right to inquire into the question how
members of the Legislature, whether of the Sen-
ate or House, voted in regard to the election of a
Senator of the United States, if the certificate
comes here authenticated according to the laws
of the State. In some cases the attestation of the
presiding officers of both Houses is required; in
others, the certificate is under the broad seal of
the Governor, and he of course must, under the
laws of the State, receive the information from
the proper officers of both Houses. Where the
two bodies meet and giveajoint vote,underalaw
which authorizes the expressed will of the ma-
jority of the whole to govern, and then the Houses
separate, and neither House objects to the elec-
tion, of course they both assent, and the election
is valid. Though the individual members on the
particular vote may have chosen to vote against
the candidate elected, the body, as a political
body, assents to the election by not objecting at
the time. That is not the case here. The usage
to which I have alluded may be a useful one, but
I think it is an irregularity. If the question had
been raised in the early history of the Govern-
ment, and presented to the Senate, I am by no
means certain what the decision would have been.
It could not be presented here, for the simple
reason that where no question was raised, this
body had no right to inquire as to what members
voted one way or the other; and in the case of a
vote by ballot, we have no means of inquiry.
The ease has never before been presented to the
Senate of the United States in which one House
of the Legislature of the State hsfe dissented, as a
political body , from the validity of the election of
a person receiving a certificate as a member of
this body.
I think there is an essential difference between
this case and those which have arisen under the
usage on which I have commented. Acquies-
cence constitutes the will and gives effect to the
legislative action here or elsewhere. We pass
every day,as I before observed, bills when there
is not a quorum of the Senate present. If the
yea3 and nays are not called, or no division had,
a bill may be passed if only five members are
here, and you cannot question it afterwards on
that ground. It is the same principle precisely
that has led to the adoption of the convenient rule
of allowing the two Houses of a Legislature^ to
meet in joint meeting, and enabling the majority
of both bodies united to indicate who shall be
Senator. In that case, both the Houses neces-
sarily assent to the action of the joint body, if
neither of them protests, whether they pass a
particular resolution of assent or not. It does
not require that. The preceding law is the law
which.governs, and they go into joint ballot under
it. When they meet, the expression of opinion
by individual members is not noticed, unless one
of the Houses, as an integral body which com-
poses part of the Legislature, chooses to make the
objection, and refuses to go on with the election.
Then, I say, no law can bind them; because the
authority to elect a Senator does not spring from
the State constitution, or from the Legislature,
but from the Federal Constitution. You must
look to the State constitution for the purpose of
finding out what is the Legislature; but under the
Federal Constitution the Legislature alone can
elect. Though, in my opinion, the usage of al-
lowing the majority of the members of both
Houses united to elect, is an irregularity, it is
reconcilable with the every-day action of legis-
lative bodies. The acquiescence of the smaller
body, which is overborne, is presumed from its
silence. When a quorum of each House is pres-
ent, and votes, though a majority of one body
vote one way and the majority of the other body
vote the other way, yet, as they vote unitedly,
the action of the majority governs when the two
bodies pass it over acquiescently. So here, when
a vote is not taken by the yeas and nays, the
result is the will of the Senate, though no quorum
is present, because no objection is made; and in
the case which I have just stated, the election is
the will of the Legislature, though if the question
was raised and one body chose to dissent, there
could be no election.
That is my view of the mode in which this
practice has arisen. Certainly it has never gone
beyond the extent I have stated. No case can be
cited in wnich the Legislature of any State of
this Union has ventured, by a vote of one branch,
to send a Senator here, where the other coordinate
branch, by a majority of that branch, has dis-
sented from its action. That, however, is the
exact case here. You have had vacancies in the
Senate arising from that cause. I have given
you an instance in my own State where there was
a vacancy for two years. There was a vacancy
in the Senate from the State of New York, I
think, under similar circumstances, about the
same time, when the State Senate would not make
any nomination, which the Senator from New
York will recollect. There is a vacancy from
California, and one from Indiana now, arising
from a disagreement of the same kind.
These cases occur; but no State has ever ven-
tured, hitherto, to assert the principle that a ma-
jority of both branches of the Legislature united
could elect a Senator without the presence of a
quorum of each of the integral bodies which con-
stitute the Legislature, and their action on the
subject-matter. This is the ground of the dis-
tinction which, to my mind, answers the question
put by the Senator from Maine. It may not be
satisfactory to the honorable Senator from Maine,
but it is the distinction I draw. Though I look
on it as an irregularity which had perhaps better
have been avoided, it was done with a view, I
presume, to prevent difficulties between the
Houses, and in that spirit it was commendable;
but certainly, in the early stages of the Govern-
ment, in the better stages of the Government 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand the
Senator to say, that when a convention has been I
formed by the concurrent action of the two !
Houses, either one of those bodies may, without j
the consent of the other, dissolve it?
Mr. BAYARD. Undoubtedly. I have not a
doubt of it. There is no election in such a case.
Though the law may prescribe a convention, yet
if either body chooses by the vote of a majority
to dissolve that convention, and there is 110
quorum remaining, then, whatever may be their
responsibility to their- constituents, beyond all
question, it seems to me, no valid election can
take place. One House could not dissolve the
convention by retiring after the election had taken
place, any more than.you could prevent the
passage of a bill by the action of one House of
Congress after each House had agreed to it. If
the Houses have come together and acted as a
joint meeting, one House cannot revoke the joint
action; but before the election has taken place,
either of the coordinate branches of the Legis-
lature may prevent it, though their action is in
defiance of the law passed by the State regulating
the time, place, and manner of holding elections.
If it-were not so, the assumption would be that
i the Legislature of a State, in regulating the time
! and place and manner of election, could author-
ize an election by another body than the Legis-
lature. That is the necessary result, because
certainly the choice is not made by " the Legis-
, lature," unless both political bodies which con-
! stitute the Legislature are present and act in the
j matter.
| There is another question, Mr. President, con-
! nected with a remark of the honorable Senator
i from Ohio, [Mr. Pbgh.] He, in reference to a
! minor question, in my judgment, and yet one
| which would be fatal in this case, admits that
I when he first looked at the provision of law
j under which the joint convention was held, he
| thought, inasmuch as it prescribed that the telleis,
; who were judges of the election, should be ap-
! pointed by the respective Houses prior to the
( election of a Senator, and the joint ccnvention,
t in the absence of the teller of the Senate, under-
[ took, as a joint convention, and not by an act of
I the Senate, to elect a teller as a substitute, that
j act was fatal to the validity of the election, be-
' cause it did not come under the law. How
! did he get over the difficulty? He says usage
! controlled that. Usage! Where is there any
usage in the case ? Does the act of a particular
| Legislature, directly in the face of the law under
! which they are acting, constitute a usage within
•any known meaning of the term " usage
But, further, it is a remarkable fact that there
j is a decided discrepancy between the Journals of
j the Senate and House in reference to this matter.
1 Both bodies were to keep a Journal. In the
Journal of the House, which is the one presented
in the report of the committee at page sixty-two,
an account is given of the appointment of tellers
at the first joint meeting, when both Houses
agreed to go on and ballot, and did it ineffectually.
On the 13th of December, the first day they met,
after describing the message sent from the Senate,
that it was ready to proceed to the election, and
after stating the concurrence of the House in the
! amendment of the Senate, and announcing the
' meeting of the joint convention, the Journal of
I the House says:
j " The President appointed Mr. Workman teller on tlie
: part of the Senate. The Speaker appoints Mr. Kinert teller
| on the part of the House."
i The honorable Senator from Ohio says that
I shows the construction which the Legislature
; placed on the statute, although the law is per-
fectly plain that the teller must be elected by each
branch of the Legislature separately. That ap-
! pears from the law of Iowa, as presented in the
I report of the committee. The provision is that,
| " at any time prior to meeting in convention as
'• aforesaid, after the time for meeting has been
; designated as aforesaid, each branch of the Gen-
| eral Assembly shall appoint one teller, and the two
tellers thus appointed shall act as judges of the
i election." The honorable Senator very naturally
, concluded that, as the authority was given to
each branch to appoint a teller, who was made a
judge of the election, the joint convention could
not undertake to appoint a substitute. I only
wish he had carried his principle further. If he
' had, he would have seen that, as the joint con-
vention had no authority to compel the attendance
of members, that being a power confided to each
House separately, and the Senate was not in ses-
sion, the members of the two Houses had no
authority to act as a Legislature at all, whether
by joint meeting, or a concurrent resolution, or
in aily other way. He admits the force of the
objection on this point, but he gets rid of it on
the ground of usage. When I look at the Journal
of the Senate of Iowa, on page 44, I find the
entry in this form:
The President stated the object of the convention, viz,:
