1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL "G
■■■■";■-r--—r*-w, - '-W-
My cfelm in regahl to'thrs jdint'-cotrfetrtittn,
Mr. President, is; that When it had met'and or-
ganized under the laws Of the State' of Iowa, it
was a single body under the law,/competent -to
make an election, and compfitent-to-perpetiiatoits
own existence until it had made an election.
Suppose it had kept on from day to day without
any adjournment, without breakingup at all, and
had remained together until the time when the
election of the present member was accomplished,
without any recess or adjournment: I want to
know if it would be then claimed that the present
member was not entitled to his seat ? He had, it
seems, fifty-two votes, which is a majority of
both Houses; the House of Representatives con-
sisting of sixty-nine members, notall being there,
and the Senate of thirty-one, making one hundred
voters in all. The sitting member has fifty-tWo
votes, a majority of the whole number, if every
member had been there and voted. Now, 1 put
the case: suppose this body had remained to-
gether without taking a recess or adjournment at
all, and had continued until the time when the
electron was had, and then this election was had
by fifty-two votes: would it not have been a valid,
legal election? The Senators, many, or all, if
gentlemen please, were gone. What then ? Did
that dissolve the body? No, Mr. President, be-
cause, after the Senate had voted to go into that •
body and make a jointeonvention, and had actu-
ally gone into such convention, its members were
then to be counted only numerically. If mem-
bers withdrew to such an extent as to leave less
than a quorum of the joint meeting, I agree that
would break up the convention; but so long as
there was a majority of the two Houses present,
so long they might continue to act. There can
be no other rule than that, unless you go on the
ground that there are two bodies here instead of
one, which is not the idea of a joint convention.
But, sir, the convention did not remain together
without adjournment. They adjourned several
times, and finally, on the last day, on Saturday,
January 6,1855, two years ago, they met together
according to adjournment, or rather the House
met; and then it was ascertained, on sending a
committee to the Senate, that the Senate was not
in session; and the Senate, as a Senate, did not
come in. It is claimed that that fact has made
all the subsequent proceedings invalid, and that
the present member is, therefore, not entitled to
his seat. Now, my claim in regard to that' is
simply that, after this body was organized, it
could be dissolved only by its own vote, or by a
withdrawal of so many members as would leave
it loss than a quorum of the two Houses.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Connec-
ticut on this point answer me one question,for
my mind is in difficulty in regard to it ? Accord-
ing to his view, I understand that having consti-
tuted the joint convention, they were in session
to all intents and purposes for the objects of tins
election, and they had a right to continue in ses-
sion by the vote of a majority of that joint con-
vention, whether there was a majority of the
Senate or not, and that they were " the Legit la-
ture" for that purpose under the Constitution'of
the United States. If I understood the Senator
from Iowa the other day, according to the con-
stitution of his State, after a certain number of
days the Legislature must be dissolved.
Mr. HARLAN. I stated that, perhaps, too
strongly. The constitution of Iowa provides
that they may receive a certain -per diem for fifty
days, and after that it is cut down to one dollar
a day, which practically results in the dissolution
of the Legislature at the end of fifty days.
Mr. BIGGS. My question supposes that, by
the constitution or law of Iowa, they were limited
to a certaiji number of days. Suppose that, after
having constituted a joint convention for the pur-
pose of this election, the term expired; could a
majority of that convention, without a majority
of the Senate, continue the convention until they
made an election ?
Mr. FOSTER. I should' say they could not.
They would be dissolved, of course, by law, on
the adjournment of the Legislature sine die. 'I his
joint convention could not, in my view,continue
as a joint convention longer than the Legislature
could by law continue. Any fevent whicn term-
inated the existence of' the Legislature would
terminate the'existence ot the jomt convention,
because the jwril! eoffWtftioh, «o to speak, is the
the Legislature, because it was composed of the
parts, and all the parts, which any gentleman
upon this floor claims to be necessary in order to
make up a Legislature for this purpose. There
was no element wanting. No person claims that
the resolution for a j,omt meeting had not been
passed properly by the independent action of
each House. Nobody denies that each House
met at the time and place, and under the circum-
stances required by law, and that, when thus
met, the joint convention constituted the body
recognized by law as having power to make the
election of a Senator to the Senate of the United
States. Therefore, I say, if gentlemen will have
it that a Legislature must choose a Senator, this
body was a Legislature, although I admit that
for ordinary purposes of legislation it was not a
Legislature. Whether it bo called a Legislature,
a joint convention, or what some gentlemen yes-
terday did call this body, a fusion, is perfectly
immaterial. It was the body authorized by law
to elect a Senator. Nobody denies that; and I
take it nobody denies also, that if, when that
body voted, a majority of the votes cast, whether
by ballot or viva voce, were for a gentleman con-
stitutionally eligible to the office, he was elected
to the office designated. I ask whether, let the
vote be taken by ballot, or be taken viva voce, or
be taken in any other form, there would have
been, or any gentleman would claim here that
there ought to have been, a discrimination be-
tween the vote of a man who was a Senator, and
the vote of a man who was a Representative ?
It seems that the names of the members of the
body, when thus met, were called alphabetically.
A list of the members of both Houses, the Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives, having
been made, the names were called, and each man
voting when his name was called designated the
'individual for whom he chose to vote to fill the
office which was then to be filled. Now, sir, my
question is, docs any one suppose that it was
necessary at all that, when the name of AB was
called, it should be ascertained whether he was a
Senator or a Representative, or whether there
should have been any different list made of the
votes of the Senatois and of the votes of Repre-
sentatives, as though it became important to keep
up the idea of two branches in this body thus
convened for a specific purpose ? I take it no one
claims that. 1 have heard no gentleman intimate
that that was the mode in which the vote ought
to have been ascertained or taken. On the con-
trary, this body was regarded as one body, just
as much one as this Senate is regarded as one
body when a vote is taken here; just as much
one body as the House of Representatives is
regarded as one body when a vote is taken there.
The result is just the same here as it regards an
election or a vote; that is to say, a majority of
the votes given for an individual make an elec-
tion. Rut it happened otherwise here. There
was no majority after various votes. I am not,
however, going into that point now.
1 wish to consider for a few moments the char-
acter of this body, and whether or not the idea
that here are two bodies is the correct idea of
that tribunal, or whether, when thus assembled,
it is but one body. My idea, clearly and fully—
though of course I am liable to error—is that
this was one body, and that the Senate consti-
tuted no separate, independent portion of thebody,
any more than representatives from any county,
or district, or town, (in whichever of these modes
the State was represented in the House of Rep-
resentatives,) constituted a separate portion. The
different counties probably had a given number
of representatives. Now the Senate, it is true,
comes in and makes up a portion of the body.
So do the representatives of the different counties
make up a portion of the body; but the Senate,
-as such, is no more an elementary principle of
the body than the representatives from a given
county are an elementary principle of the body;
that is to say, they constitute no more a sepa-
rate organization to be regarded by themselves,
counted by themselves, and have 110 other than
their simple numerical force in a vote. Therefore
I say the result is, that if the thirty-one members
of this Senate, supposing every man had been
there, had voted for A B, andS the sixty-nine
members of the House of Representatives had
voted for C D, to represent the State in ,thn
Senate of the United States, very clearly C D
would have been elected; and why ? He has re-
ceived a majority of the whole vote, but he has
not got the vote of a single Senator; and why
not ? Because they did not think proper to vote
for him. But does that prevent the election?
Clearly not, unless we are to keep up the idea
that we have not got one body here, but that we
have two, and that one of these bodies is just as
powerful as the other, and one has a veto on the
vote of the other, which I have not heard any
man claim.
But, Mr. President, it is said that a majority of
each House must be present in order to make the
tribunal which by the law and under the Consti-
tution could elect. It is necessary, I agree, that
each House shall have its own independent action
upon the subject, whether it will go into joint
convention to elect a Senator. That is so; and
hence I find an entire answer to the claim of the
honorable Senator from Delaware, that one
House, and that the popular branch, may swallow
up the other, unless we give to the Senate its in-
dependent existence after the two Houses meet
and organize as a joint body. We give to the
Senate its independent power and right of action,
because without its concurrence the joint conven-
tion cannot be held. It requires the action of the
Legislature in each branch, independent of the
other, in order that the Legislature shall thus
unite in joint convention; but when they are
united in joint convention, they constitute one
body; the Senators are counted numerically, just
as the Representatives are counted; Senators.are
no more an independent body than Representa-
tives from a county are an independent body;
they all together constitute that tribunal known
to our law and Constitution as competent to make
an election, and they are no longer two bodies,
but one.
I do not understand the honorable Senator from
Delaware to deny that a majority vote of this
joint convention could makean election, although
he says that if the smaller body, after it returns
to its own chamber, should institute an inquiry
by which it appears that a majority of that body
did not vote for the individual returned as elected,
there would be no election. I confess I do not
precisely understand how such an event can be
brought about. If we admit that this tribunal,
when thus organized, is competent to electa Sen-
ator, I do not see on what ground we can go,
except this: that the vote of a majority shall
control and shall decide the question; and after
this body is dissolved into its original element|,
neither of the elements of which it was ori-
ginally composed has any power whatever over
the vote which the body, when organized, has
taken.
Various points have been raised here which a
do not propose to discuss; nor do I understand,
in regard to some of them, how they can be
claimed in the manner in which they areelaimed.
For instance, I do not understand how the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware can claim that it
is necessary that a majority of each of those
two branches shall bo present, and yet agree that
a majority of the whole sha'l conti-oC If the
honorable Senator goes upon the ground that it
is necessary thai each branch should by its major
vote concur in the election, that I can understand;
but when,he says that a majority of each branch
must be present, and yet that a majority of the
whole may control, I do not understand his posi-
tion; for certainly there is no icason to have a
majority present, if that majority, when present,
may cast their votes ail one way, and yet be
overruled by the residue, or by the other House
having a greater number of votes, and thus voting
down one branch of the General Assembly thus
met in joint ballot with the other.
If it were not urged by gentlemen of the ability
of those who do urge it, it would strike me as jj
being a palpable inconsistency to claim that it is jj
necessary to have a majority present, and yet j
admit that the majority, when present, is perfectly I
powerless,'for that is clearly the result. If, for I
instance, this Senate of thirty-one members may !
be voted down by the sixty-nine members of the !
House, where is the necessity of having that :
majority present? It is but a shadow if they
have no power. If they have power, what is it? I'
They have simply the power which their num-!
bers givs them—not power as an independent"}
body. i
