THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON,
I
In
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Sessiom. SATURDAY, JANUARY 10, 1857.
New Series. ...No
-17. . £
therefore move that the further consideration of
this question be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating a report of the Secre-
tary of State, in response to a resolution of the
Senate of the 23d of December, furnishing in-
formation concerning the present condition and
prospects of a proposed plan for connecting by
submarine wires the magnetic telegraph wires on
this continent with those of Europe.
Mr. SEWARD. This message is in reply to
a resolution which I introduced, and I have some
difficulty, about what is the proper committee to
whom to refer the subject. It seems more nat-
urally to connect itself with postal affairs, and I
move that it be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message from tlje President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the Sec-
retary of State, with accompanying papers', in
answer to a resolution of the 2d instant, calling
for copies' of all correspondence between the
Governments of the United States and the Neth-
erlands in relation to the refusal of diplomatic
agents of the latter Government to appear before
courts of justice of the United States, and give
testimony in criminal cases of facts bearing
thereon of which they may be cognizant; which,
on motion of Mr. Slidell, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed. ^
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent-therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 7, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
ay the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
.owing communications, which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed:
Prom the State Department, transmitting list
of persons employed in that Department during
the year 185C;
Prom the Treasury Department, transmitting
statement of disbursement of moneys and goods
by the Commissioner of Indians Affairs; and
_ Prom the Department of the Interior, transmit-
ting statement of expenditures of that Department
under the various appropriations for contingent
expenditures, required by the act of August 26,
1842, to the close of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1856. ,. . . ■ 3 8
NEW CENT COINAGE. -
The SPEAKER stated-that the business regu-
larly in order was the consideration of the Presi-
ident's annual message, on which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Barclay] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give way a moment. About a
week ago, the consideration of a bill reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, in relation
to the cent coinage, was postponed till to-day. It
is the report of a committee, and I suppose would
properly come up in the morning hour. I am in-
formed that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
willing to give way for a short time, in order that
that matter may be disposed of.-
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I prefer the regular order
of business. I want to get the message out of
the way.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. Then I desire to
17
submit a motion to recommit that bill. If I may-
have the opportunity of submitting that motion,
I have no objection to let the debate go on.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have no objection to
that motion.
Mr. PHEUPS. I also propose an amendment
in lieu of the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to the fifth section
of the bill. Its object is to get rid of that pro-
vision of the bill which makes the cent a legal
tenderfor the amount often conts. It also determ-
ines the size and the material of which that new
cent coin is to be composed, instead of leaving it
to be fixed by the proclamation of the President.
By adopting this amendment you will obtain the
coin which I exhibited here the other day. I
desire to offer this as an amendment in lieu of
that reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means to the fifth section of the bill. And now
I submit the motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was entered, and passed over in-
formally.
president's annual message.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair what is the question before the House
on the President's message?
The SPEAKER. It is on the motion to refer
and print.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has it not been
ordered to be printed ?
The SPEAKER. Extra copies were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has it not gone
to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It has gone there.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then what is
before the House with reference to the message?
I do not propose to make that question now, as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has the floor.
But it seems to me that this debate cannot in
order go on under that motion to refer. x
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
question before the House to be on the motion to
print the usual number of copies, and to refer the
message to the Committee of the Whole on th^
state of the Union. *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That, I under-
stand, has been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered the
extra number of copies to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It has ordered the
message to be printed, and the motion for the
extra numbers has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. The message is clear of every-
thing now but the motion to refer it.
Mr. BARBOUR. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice has been given.
Several Members objected, and called for the
regular order of business.
Mr. BARCLAY, who was entitled to the floor,
then addressed the House on the Presideot's
message for forty-eight minutes, when the ham-
mer full, and the Speaker stated that the time to
which the gentleman was entitled under the rules
had expired.
Mr. SANDIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. BARCLAY. Has my time expired ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman gave twelve
minutes of his time, yesterday, to his colleague,
[Mr. Cadwalader.] The gentleman will pro-
ceed if no objection be made.
Mr. SNEED. I object.
Mr. BROOM. I would inquire if it is proper
now to raise that objection? I understood yes-
terday that, by unanimous consent, my col-
league who has just spoken surrendered the floor
to my colleague, [Mr. Cadwalader,] with the
understanding that it should not come out of his
time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I earnestly hope that I
may be permitted to appeal to my friends on this
side of the House not to object to my colleague's
proceeding.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania will proceed if noobjectioilA:
be made. s • -
Mr. SNEED. I have objected, and do object*
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
My colleague yesterday yielded a portion of his
time, with the understanding that it should not '
be deducted from his hour; and I submit that no
objection can now be made to his going on for
the balance of his hour.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My recollection
is, that when the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cadwalader] desired to speak, his col-
league [Mr. Barclay] said he would yield a por-
tion of his time if there was no objection.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair understood dis-
tinctly at the time, and he can recognize no other
rule, that the time occupied by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cadwalader] was.to be taken
from the time of his colleague, [Mr. Barclay,]
who was entitled to the floor. The Chair can
make no other rule injustice to the House. The
Chair decides, the point having been raised by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,]
that the time of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Barclay] has expired.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 rise to another question of
order, I understood the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cadwalader] to speak yesterday
on his own time. He concluded what he had to
say, and the gentleman [Mr. Barclay] then ob-
tained the floor, and was entitled to one hour.
The SPEAKER. Such was not the under-
standing of the Chair.
Mr. SNEED. I desire to say, that if it was
the understanding of the House that the time
occupied by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cadwalader] should not be taken out of
the time of his colleague, I have no objection to
make.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Such was not
the understanding of the House.
Mr. SNEED. Then I insist on my objection.
Mr. BARCLAY. Then I desire to say this:
that in reference to the policy of the President
on the Kansas question, and in reference to sojne
of the questions connected with the late Penn-
sylvania election, I have extracts before me from
some of the Democratic papers of Pennsylvania
showing that the position which I occupy, and
the feeling which I have expressed, are precisely
the position and feeling of the Democracy of
Pennsylvania,
Mr. B.'s speech is, at his request, withheld
for revision, and will appear in the Appendix.
message from the senatk.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House increasing the pension of George ~W.
Torrence.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE—AGAIN.
Mr. SANDIDGE then addressed the House
for an hour on the message and politics generally.
His speech will appear in the Appendix.
1 Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
EIGHTH OF JANUARY.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds with his remarks, I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Friday
next.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I.trustthe House
will not adjourn over, unless they dispose of this
motion to refer and print the President's message.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bowie, Branch,
Brenton, Brooks. Broom, Buflinton, Burnett, Cadwalaaer,
Caruthers, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson K. W- Cobb,
Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Davidson? De Witt,
Dick, Dowdell, Edie, £dmunds?on, EdErarie, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Ttaonps J- JX Poller, Gilbert,
Greenwood, Augustus Hail, Rtffrert B. Hall, Harlan, J.
Morrison H^irivSampson'W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris,
Herbert, Hoftinan, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
