258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
yKoitt, Kelly, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lmdley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, Smith Miller, Millward, Mornson, Nichols,
Norton, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Pearee, Peck, Pelton,
• Phelps, Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner,
'* Stephens, Taibott, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
>x Trippe, Tyson, (Jnderwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner,
* jillitiuB. Washburne, Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Williams,
- Winslow, Woodwortli, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
.Wriglit-100.
*' NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson,
Bilfinghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bradsliaw, Burlingame, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cragin, .Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfee, Giddings, Granger, Grow, Hodges, Thomas
fi. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, McCarty,
Killian Miller, Mlllson, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Puryear,
Eobbins, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Stanton,
Stranahan,Tappan,Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,Walbridge,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Wells, Whitney, Woodruff",
and Zoilicoffer—73.
So the House agreed that when it adjourned it
would adjourn till Friday.
'SHIPWRECKED PASSENGERS.
Mr. KELLY asked unanimous consent to
offer the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and
they are hereby, requested to inform this House what
means, if any, are necessary for the further prevention of
the loss of lives, and the preservation of those who may be
shipwrecked on the coast of New Jersey and Long Island,
in the State of New York, and report by bill or otherwise
immediately.
Objection was made.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a resolution for print-
ing ten thousand extra copies of the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, reported
that the cost of printing said report would be
§2 75 per copy, and moved the adoption of the
following resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast SuivCy for the year 1856, in
addition to the usual number, be printed—six thousand
copies for the use ol" the House, and the lemainder lor dis-
tribution by tile Coast Suivey office; and that the same be
printed and bound with the plates and maps in quaito
foiin, and that the printing of said plates be done to the
satisfaction of the Supcinilendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee., I wish to move
to strike out the six thousand copies of that doc-
ument for the use of the House, and allow the
remainder to be distributed by the Coast Survey
office. I think that number will be all the coun-
try requires. I do not myself want any for dis-
tribution, and i do not think the members of the
House generally want them.
Mr. NICHOLS. I believe I am entitled to the
floor, having moved the previous question before
the gentleman from Tennessee moved his amend-
ment. I have only this to say: I believe the res- '
olution is precisely the same as has been passed
for the last three or four years. I insist on the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will not the gen-
tleman allow a vote to be taken upon my amend-
ment?
Mr. ORR. I appeal to the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. NICHOLS. If the resolution proposed
anything unusual I would do it willingly; but I
propose to do nothing except what the House
has done every year. I insist on my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the j
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THORINGTON moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Orr's motion;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 58,
nays 124; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hendley S Bennett, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Howell Cohb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, C'raige, Crawford, Culleri, Davidson, Dowdell,
Edwards, Elliott, Faulkner, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Harlan, Sampson VV. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hoffman,
Thomas R. Hoi ton, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Lake, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, McMullin,
|Xc<iueen, Smith Miller, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Phelps,
FowuiJ, Puryear, Ready, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Sherman, ■
^Shorter, Samuel A, Smith, William Smith, Sneed. Ht<-
Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Warner, Watkins,
er, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John v. Wright,
pliena,
Wheeler,
and Zollicoffer—58.'
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumljack, Damrell, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Emrie, Evans, Flag-
ler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert,
Goode, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Herbert, Hodges,
Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Keitt, Kelly,
Kelscy, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,Leiter, Lindley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Maxwell, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Millson, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pearee, Peck,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Purviance,
Quitman, Ricaud, Bobbins, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sim-
mons, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan,Thonngton, Thurston, Trafton, Tyson, Vail, Valk,
Wade, Wakcman, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Tsrael Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworth—124.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The previous question was then seconded,and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved that the vote by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that said committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act increas-
ing the pension of George W. Torrence; when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays,and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, nor were the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers on the adjourn-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Stranahan were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 46; so the motion was
agreed to; and thereupon the House (at two
o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.) adjourned
•until Friday.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 9,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved .
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of W.
Thompson, and other justices of the peace in the
District of Columbia, for the enactment of a law
to fix the number, pay, and duties of the police
magistrates and officers in that District; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of John
Holohan for compensation for furnishing, by
order of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
a carved marble cap for the Capitol extension;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr'. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Minnesota Territory for the enactment
of a law to enable them to form a constitution,
preparatory to their admission into the Union as
a State; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
He also presented the memorial of Sarah Foy,
widow of John Foy, for indemnity for injury
done to her property, m consequence of the im-
proper construction of a bridge across New Jersey
avenue, by the Government, in the city of Wash-
ington ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings.
He also presented the petition of S. S. Condon,
for compensation for medical services to certain
Illinois volunteers in the Mexican war, and to be
rJlowed traveling expenses while in the public
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That J. F. Caldwell have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That James Paxson, executor of John Jordan
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers. '
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
James D. Johnston, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill/S. No. 496) for his relief; which
Was read, and passed to a second leading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No-23) in favor of J. W.
Nye, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 446) for the relief of Thomas B. Steele,
passed assistant surgeon of the Navy of the
United States, reported it without amendment.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was-
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
of Charles F. Bruckner, administrator of William White;
and the petition of the- heirs of Thomas Hazzard; and
that they be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
582) making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending the 30th June,,1858, reported
it with an amendment. He asked for the imme-
diation consideration of the bill, but objection
was made, as the morning business had not been
disposed Of.
PAPERS OF MENARD AND VALLE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate * communication from the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 6th instant, the papers
relating to the claim of Pierre Menard and Louis
Valle; which, on motion of Mr. Jones, of Iowa,
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill supplementary to
" an act to organize the institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy, and of the District ot
Columbia," approved March 3, 1855.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 493)
to expedite telegraphic communication for the
use of the Government in foreign intercourse;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred, with the accompanying papers,
to the Committee on the Post Ofiice and Post
Roads.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
494) authorizing the construction of a dry dock
for the naval service; wli ich was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained^ leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
495) to construe and amend the pension laws;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred, with the accompanying papers,
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 45) to amend the act entitled "An act
for the relief of Frederick Vincent, administrator
of James Le Caze, survivor of Le Caze and
Mallet;" which was read a first and second time
by unanimous consent, and referred, with the
; accompanying papers, to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
! Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedient
