260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
the Committee on Finance, the general pension
appropriation bill) with an amendment. It is
merely in accordance with the estimates, and as
it is a short bill I hope the Senate will take it up
and consider it now. We can dispose of it in
4ve minutes.
Mr. WELLER. It is hardly possible to dis-
pose of a general appropriation bill in five min-
utes. My friend from Virginia must be mistaken
in supposing that such a bill can be entirely dis-
posed of in this body in five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
taken up by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. There is no objection to
taking it up if it can be disposed of in five min-
utes; but I have my doubts about that.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether it will re-
sult in any discussion?
Mr. HUNTER. If it does, I am willing that
it shall lie over.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 582) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th
ef June, 1858. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance was, to increase the appropri-
ation for pensions to the widows of those who
served in the revolutionary war, under the acts
of July 4, 1836, July 7, 1838, March 3, 1843,
June 17, 1844, February 2 and July 29, 1848,
and February 3,1853, from §424,000 to $569,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The amendment was
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
It was read the third time and passed.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary, in re-
lation to the seat of Mr. Harlan, concluding with
a resolution declaring the seat vacant, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Toombs, to strike out all after the word
" Resolved,"and insert: " That James Harlan is
entitled to his seat as a Senator from Iowa."
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, our misjudg-
ments generally result from erroneous choices of
positions from which we survey objects or sub-
jects. Some of the views which have been taken
of the subject now in debate seem to have been
taken from the Senate of Iowa; others from the
House of Representatives of Iowa; and still
others from the Legislatures of other States. I
think the true position to be assumed is the
. Senate of the United States. j
That I may simplify the question, I shall take j
no notice of the fact that the member whose .
right to a seat is disputed has been so long ago
conditionally admitted to it, and shall argue the i
question as though he were now presenting his
credentials, and demanding admission into the
Chamber.
The first question is, what can the Senate of
the United States require of him? The answer
is, the claimant must show that he was chosen,
or appointed, or elected, to be a Senator from
Iowa, by the Legislature of that State. I use the
words " chosen,*' " appointed," and " elected,"
as equivalents; because, while the Constitution
of the United States says that the Senate shall be !
composed of two Senators from each State, chosen !
by the Legislature thereof, it authorizes the Exec- j
utive of the State to make temporary appointments; •
and it also declares that no person shall be a Sen- I
ator who shall not have certain prescribed quali- 1
iications when he shall be elected. '
It is necessarily involved in a choice, election,
or appointment, of a Senator by the Legislature
of Iowa, that it shall be done at some time, at
some place, and 111 some manner. -So the ques-
tion necessarily arises, on receiving the creden-
tials of the claimant, whether the Legislature of
Iowa chose him to be a Senator, at the right time,
at the right place, and in the right manner. What,
then, is the right time, what the right place, and
what the right manner ? ,
_ To ascertain this, we inquire what authority
rightfully determines the time, the place, and the
manner, in which a Senator from Iowa shall be
chosen by the Legislature of Iowa. The Legis-
lature of Iowa alone. For the Constitution of
the United States declares, that the time, place,
and manner, of holding the election for Senators
shall be prescribed in each State by the Legisla-
ture thereof. And although a right is reserved
to Congress to alter State regulations thus made,
except as to the place, yet it is equally true, that
while the Legislature of Iowa has prescribed a
time, a place, and a manner, for itself, by regula-
tions for this purpose, Congress has not altered
those regulations.
No question is raised here about the time and
place at which the claimant was chosen. It is
only the manner which is a subject of complaint.
The inquiry, then, is resolved into this:
1. What is the manner of election prescribed
by the Legislature of Iowa?
2. Was the claimant elected in that manner?
1. What is the mannerprescribed by the Legis-
lature of Iowa?
The Legislature, in 1847, bylaw prescribed
that the two Houses of which that Legislature
is constituted—namely, the Senate and House
of Representatives—shall, by concurrent resolu-
tions, coordinately passed, designate some hour
for the meeting of those Houses in convention
to choose a Senator.
That after this designation of the hour, each
House shall appoint a teller.
That at the hour thus designated, (not the two
Houses as distinct bodies, preserving a separa-
tion and identity, but) the members of both
Houses, shall meet in the Representatives'hall
for the purpose of choosing a Senator.
_That,in the convention thus foimed, the Pres-
ident of the Senate, in his absence the Speaker
of the House of Representatives, and in the
absence of both, a President pro tempore, to be
appointed by the convention itself, shall preside,
and the two tellers before mentioned shall be
judges of the election.
That the Chief Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be secretary of the convention;
while the Secretary of the Senate and the Chief
Clerk of the House of Representatives shall re-
cord the proceedings of the convention in the
Journals of their respective Houses.
That the names of all the members of both
Houses shall be arranged, not classified accord-
ing to the membership of the two Houses respect-
ively, nor yet distinguishing them as Senators
or Representatives respectively, but promiscu-
ously, in alphabetical order, and each member
of the convention snail vote in the order in which
* name is so arranged. If any person shall
receive a majority, not of votes of Senators and
a majority of votes of Representatives, but of
the votes of all the members of the convention
thus constituted, who are present, he shall be the
Senator. If no one shall leceive such a majority,
the convention shall continue voting then, or at
such future times as a majority of the members
shall fix, by adjournment from time to time, to
vote in the same way until some person shall
obtain such a majority and so be elected.
James Harlan's credentials show prima facie
that he was chosen by the Legislature of Iowa in
the manner prescribed. Why, then, shall he not
be admitted to his seat? It is objected that, on
the fourth or fifth day of the sitting of the con-
vention, the President of the Senate and the teller
who had been appointed by the Senate withdrew,
(and refused or omitted to act further in the con-
vention. Their placcs were filled by the conven-
tion. The duties were not essential to an elec-
tion; they were merely incidental and ministerial.
1 Their absence was an irregularity which did not
in any way affect the votes cast in favor of any
! candidate, or the aggregate of votes given to all
the candidates. We are to decide in this case
j the practical fact, whether, notwithstanding this
' informality or irregularity, a fair, just choice.
; election, or appointment was made, in substantial
; compliance with the regulations previously pre-
| scribed by the Legislature of Iowa. We cannot
suffer a mere clerk, a presiding officer, a teller,
through accident, blunder, or design, to defeat a
great and necessary constitutional transaction,
involving the federal right of the State of Iowa,
and affecting the very existence of the Union
itself. ;
Only one objection remains, which is this:'
While it is conceded that the Senate proceeded
as a Senate into the hail of Representatives, on
the day designated for the eleation, and was
merged in the convention, by the effecting of an
organized convention, with a roll on which the
names of all the members of the two Houses were
entered in alphabetical order, and that the con-
vention, thus organized, proceeded and voted on
several days for a Senator, without effecting a
choice, at all which times the Senate had entered
the convention formally, as a Senate, yet that on
the day when the choice was finally made, the
Senate did not so formally enter the convention,
but, on the other hand, assembled in their own
hall, and dissolved for that day by adjournment
until the next. Sorne Senators, however, entered
the convention and voted as before; others at-
tended, but did not vote, and declined to partici-
pate in its proceedings. It appears, however,
that the claimant was chosen by a majority of all
the persons whose names were first arranged on
the roll of the convention.
The objections rest on these grounds:
1st. That the Legislature of Iowa consists of
!| two coordinate branches.
]; 2d. That it can do no valid act without the co-
jj ordination And cooperation of both of those
! | branches, each acting, or at least appearing in
!| the transaction distinctly by a majority of this
j| branch, or a quorum of it.
j! I think the objection is unsqund. The Legis-
ij lature of Iowa sustains double relations—one, a
! local one, as the law-making authority of Iowa;
the other, Federal, an electoral college to choose
! Senators in Congress from Iowa. In the one
! relation, it acts exclusively under the constitution
j: of Iowa; in the other, exclusively under the
li Constitution of the United States. I may con-
t; cede that in the former relation it must act by
j independent cooperation or coordination of both
] Houses in all cases.
I admit that the regulations, which are under
' review, do require the two Houses to resolve
themselves into one common body, in which the
separate identity or individuality of those sepa-
rate branches is extinguished, for the purpose of
choosing Senator in Congress. And that, when
the merger has been made, and the convention
constituted, it is independent of each of the two
branches, and as to that transaction supersedes
them both, and cannot be terminated or arrested
but by its own act, or by the concurrent and co-
ordinate action of the two Houses, being a crea-
tion of both.
In this view, the appearance of the Senators in
their collective capacity at the convention was
merely formal, proper in itself, but of no essen-
tial value; and the failure of the Senators to prac-
tice the same form, cannot vitiate the election,
nor can the subsequent protest of the Senate.
It is alleged that suchacomplete extinguishing
of the two Houses of the Legislature is unconsti-
tutional.
But it is too late to raise that question. Le-
gislatures in the States are divided into two dis-
tinct Houses, whose members differ generally in
qualifications or in terms of service, to sceure
delay and deliberation and moderate collision in
acts of.legislation. But this very delay, deliber-
ation, and collision, practically disqualifies such
bodies from acting as an electoral college.
It was found necessary in the very beginning
of the Government to provide for bringing the
two branches of the Legislature to an agreement
in that case.
The expedient adopted was the simple one,
probably the only practicable one, of merging
the two Houses into one,for this purpose. The
expedient has been adopted m nearly all the
States, and is used either in the first instance, as
in Iowa, or a last alternative, in case of disagree-
ment, as in New York, Georgia, and Virginia.
It has been acquiesced in by the Senate ot tlie
United States from the first, and is therefore set-
tled and constitutional.
Nor is it without reason. The Legislature of
a State is merely a college of suffragans intei posed
between the Senate of the United States and the
people of the States. The choice of the Legis-
lature is the indirect choice of the people of the
State.
The function of choice is in no sense one of a
legislative nature. It is an extra legislative act,
an executive transaction, an action, so to'speak,
ex officio. The Constitution of the United States
gives stopreme right to Congress to prescribe in
