1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
represent. In this case, I confess I entertain no
doubt in any point of view, whether considered
as a compliance with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, or a compliance with the law of Iowa
itself. I have said enough to present to the Sen-
ate the reasons which will control my vote. That
is all 1 desired to do.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have no pre-
pared speech on this occasion, and gentlemen
who desire to address the Senate may be assured
that they will have an opportunity of doing so in a
few moments. But I differ somewhat from my
friend from Michigan, who has just concluded
his argument; and while I do not intend to an-
swer him in detail, I think it due to myself that
I should briefly assign the reasons on which I
intend to base my vote in this case. It is among
the most gratifying features of the contest that
there seems to be a total absence of all party
feeling connected with it. I am glad of that, be-
cause I should at all times feel constrained to act
on my own judgment, and I should regret if I
found myself thrown in conflict, even on a con-
stitutional question, with my party friends as a
party.
Now, sir, as I understand this proceeding, the
two Houses constituting the Legislature of Iowa
assembled in joint convention for the purpose
of electing a Senator in obedience to the require-
ments of the Constitution. They did so by a
joint resolution. It was a solemn act, performed
on the one side, and responded to on the other.
The first question which presents itself to my
mind is this: When thejoint convention is formed,
by what sort of proceeding is it to be broken up?
Can it be by the mere accidental absenee of a
majority of those who are the members of one
House, or can it be done by the factious absentee-
ism of a majority of the. members of one House ?
If the meeting in joint convention be a solemn
act of legislation which requires the concurrence
of both Houses, must it not be set aside by some
act equally as solemn ? I take it that, if a major-
ity of the Senate of Iowa having agreed to go into
this election, afterwards changed their minds,
it was incumbent on them in some form officially
to have informed the other House of that change
of purpose. This, I hold, could have been done
in the presence of the joint convention by any
member of the Senate moving a resolution to the
effect, that the Senate withdraw as a body, and
if a majority of the Senate had thus determined
to withdraw in the presence of the House of
Representatives, it would have been official notice
that the joint convention was at an end; or after
having withdrawn to their own House—to the
Senate Chamber, if they had chosen to pass a
resolution, and have it formally communicated to
the other House, that they withdrew their assent,
and would no longer meet in Joint convention,
that would have done. But I hold that, by being
accidentally out of their seats, or by being cap-
tiously out of their seats, they could not destroy
the validity of a joint act of the two Houses
which brought them into the convention for the
purpose of discharging a constitutional duty.
If they got out of joint convention how was it
done? I believe it is agreed on all hands that
the joint convention adjourned as a joint con-
vention; that it adjourned to a day certain, and
to an hour certain. ' When the day and the hour
arrived, in my judgment, the joint convention
was again in session, precisely as the Senate of
the United States will be in session to-morrow
When the hour of twelve o'clock shall have ar-
rived, in the conteqiplation of law, though there
may not be half a dozen Senators in their places.
You are present in obedience to the Constitution,
which requires you to be there, and the meeting
is not to be broken up, nor its validity destroyed,
by the captious absenteeism of any half dozen
or more of men. If they intend to destroy the
validity and binding force of the "meeting, they
must destroy it by some solemn act done either
in the presence of the joint convention, or done
elsewhere, and formally notified to it. This, I
understand, was not done. No resolution of the
Senate was ever sent to the House saying " this
convention is at an end." No resolution of that
kind was passed in the presence of thejoint con-
vention. The two Houses met together as a
joint convention, adjourned. They adjourned,-
not as separate bodies, but as one body—as a
joint convention. When the hour arrived for
their reassembling, they were, in contemplation
of law, reassembled.
One idea further, sir. We shall very soon be
called upon as a coordinate branch of the National
Legislature to meet the other House of Congress
to count the electoral votes for President of the
United States. It is a solemn act required of us
by the Constitution. When the time comes we
shall be compelled to go; but technically there is
nothing in the Constitution requiring us to stay
there when we do go. Suppose a majority of
the Senate should accidentally absent themselves,
or purposely walk out; would that destroy the
validity of the count? Suppose it does not hap-
pen to be done in the presence of a majority of
the Senate, is not the count a good one?
Mr. BUTLER. I will ask myfriend oneques-
tion on that point; for it has occurred to me in
thinking on this subject; Suppose a question
should arise in the joint assembly of the two
Houses of Congress, as to counting the electoral
votes, and the Senate should take one view of the
validity of a vote, and the House of Represent-
atives should take a different view, would not the
Senate have the right to retire and deliberate ?
Mr. BROWN. Unquestionably. They would
have a right to go out in a body; not one at a
time. My friend could not go out on his own
hook, and'I on mine, and so on, until there was
not a majority left. The Senate is there; the
Constitution requires it to be there; and it must
not be anywhere else.
Now, for what purpose, was the Senate of Iowa
required to be present in joint convention with
the House of Representatives ? Was it that a
majority of the Senate should cast its vote in
favor of the man who should be elected ? For
what purpose do gentlemen insist that there was
a necessity for an absolute majority of the indi-
vidual members of the Senate to be there? Was
it that a majority of them should vote for the man
who should be elected ? Certainly not; because,
though he might get a minority of the Senate, if
he got a larger majority of the House of Repre-
sentatives, so that, counting the aggregate, vote,
he had a majority of the whole, he was elected
Senator. I understand the fact to be, that there
were fifteen Senators present and sixteen absent.
Suppose the sixteen had been there; was it neces-
sary to the validity of the election that one or
more of them should vote for the sitting member ?
If they had been there, and had voted against
him, it would not have changed the result. Then
for what purpose is it insisted that thpy should be
there? Not to take part in the election, because
the election is binding without their being there:
and whether they voted for him or against him
did not affect the result in any manner, shape, or
form. He was elected anyhow, or else the Sen-
ator from Virginia, and half a dozen others of us,
are not elected. Then they were there simply as
witnesses of the proceedings—simply as witnesses
of the election, not taking any part in it which
was to affect the result one way or the other.
I hold that if it was not legally necessary—if
it was not necessary under the Constitution—for
them to be present, in order to do something
which should make an act binding or make it
void, there would be no legal necessity for their
being present at all. If it were necessary to the
validity of the election, (as gentlemen have said,
and as I agree ought to be the case, and, as an
original question, 1 would vote that it should be
the case,) that a majority of the members of each
House should vote in favor of the same person;
that is to say, that he should get a majority of
the House of Representatives, and a separate and
distinct majority of the Senate, or else he should
not be elected; if that were the rule—if that were
the law to govern us, I could see why there was
a legal and constitutional necessity for a majority
of the members of the Iowa Senate being present
•at the time when the election took place, because
no binding act of legislation could be performed
without a quorum; but here is an act which is
binding without the concurrence of a quorum.
It might be, that of the thirty-one members of
the Iowa Senate, one only cast his vote for a par-
ticular person, and thirty against him; and yet if
he should happen to have a majority of thirty-
two of his friends in the other House, he would
be elected. Then for what legal purpose—for
what binding constitutional purpose—should the
other thirty be there ? As I remarked before, the
Senate was present without there being an actual
majority of its members present, ■
The Senate, in a technical sense, is iii session
though only half a score of members are present-
When it comes to do an' act that" requires the
presence of aquorum, the quorum must be present;
but if the presence of the quorum is not neces-
sary to the validity of the act, then there can be
no sort of necessity for their presence. Was^ie
concurrence of a majority of the Senate necessary
to give validity to the election? It is admitted
that such concurrence was not necessary. Then
why require their presence ? Not to make a Sen-
ate, because we all know that a Senate exists
and actually holds its sessions without the pres-
ence of a quorum. We see that here every day.
Mr. President, as I said before, 1 did not rise
to discuss this question. The thoughts which I
have thrown out, and the train of thinking in.
which I have indulged, have brought my mind to
the conclusion that the sitting member is entitled
to his seat. 1 throw out these views now, so
that they may be overturned, as I am willing they
should be, in argument; but unless they are over-
turned, I intend to vote in favor of allowing the
Senator from Iowa to keep his seat, to which up
to this time I think he is entitled.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the question
involved in this discussion is simply this—none
other, neither less nor more—was the Senate of
Iowa present in the hall of thi} House of Repre-
sentatives when this alleged election took place ?
After the construction to which allusion has been
made was early put upon the Constitution, that
is the only question which can arise, if we acqui-
esce in "that construction; and that question does
not depend in the least degree upon any law that
Congress might pass, or that the Legislature of
Iowa might pass. It depends on the fact, and
that is to be ascertained from the actual state of
things then existing.
The Constitution of the United States provides,
in so many words, that Senators of the United
States shall be chosen by the Legislatures of the
respective States. No other body than the Le-
gislature of a State can elect a Senator to a seat
on this floor. No law of any State can prescribe
what is the Legislature; it depends upon the con-
stitution of the State. The Legislature of a State
is the body that possesses the law-making power;
and the constitution of Iowa prescribes, in so
many words, that the legislative power shall be
vested in a Senate and House of Representatives.
That Senate and that House of Representatives
form the Legislature of Iowa, and that Legisla-
ture must choose a Senator for Iowa, or none has
been or can be chosen.
Now, sir, has the Legislature of Iowa the
power, directly or indirectly, to dispense with
the attendance of cither branch ? Can the Legis-
lature of Iowa alter the Constitution of the Umted
States or the constitution of Iowa? The whole
question must be determined by an examination
of these two instruments, and then by ascertain-
ing the fact whether the Senate of Iowa was pres-
ent and participating at the time of the alleged
election.
Early after the formation of the Constitution
of the United States the question arose whether
the two bodies of which a State Legislature con-
sists could meet in joint convention and there
elect a Senator of the United States. I agree that
a practice has been established, which on this
occasion it is unnecessary to disturb, that both
branches may meet in joint convention, and may
there elect a Senator; that is, when both branches
are, in session they may come together in one
place and ballot together, and then each body on
separation enters on its records the doings of the
joint convention—the doings of the Senate and
the doings of the House—that they may certify"
the action of the Legislature. This having been
done and the proper officer of the State having
certified that the Senator was elected, no question
could be taken as to the validity of the proceed-
ings; but that practice proceeded on the ground
that the result was the action of both, branches
constitutiug the Legislature. That is not the
question here.
The question here is, whether you can dispense
with the action of the Senate, and in every other
case, whether you can dispense with the action
of either body ? Now, let me suppose that, on
the day when the alleged election took place, the*
