264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
House of Representatives, before the hour of ten
arrived, had resolved that they would not meet in
convention, and had adjourned, there being a
Jaige majority on the one side in the Senate, and
a small majority on the other side in the House,
and after the House had adjourned the minority
of the body of the House remained, and the Sen-
ate came in, and by the action of a minority of the
House of Representatives and a majority of the
Slhate, those present had undertaken to elect a
Senator of the United States, would any one say
that would have been a joint convention of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives of
Iowa? The question is precisely that, although
it is presented in a different form. Why, sir, I
ask, if it is possible, through the operation of this
law, to dispense with the actual attendance, or the
actual presence, of both branches, not of the mem-
bers of both Houses ?
The honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] has put a construction on the Constitu-
v tion which would relieve us from any difficulty
in this case; for he says that the Constitution of
the United States means that the election shall be
by the members of the Legislatures of the States.
If that were the Constitution, there would be no
difficulty in this instance. His is the only posi:
tion which has been taken that solves the diffi-
culty. But is that a construction of the Constitu-
tion, or is it an alteration of the Constitution of the
United States ? If the Constitution of the United
States is to be so construed, then it is to be so read
—that Senators shall be chosen by the members
of the Legislatures of the respective States. If
that were.the Constitution, I agree it would not
be necessary that the Legislature should be in
session, but a majority of the members, all being
notified, might meet together, at any time and in
any place, and the vote of the majority of those
present, a quorum being assembled, could elect.
There would be no Senate and no House of Rep-
resentatives there, but the members of the Legis-
lature would be there. There would be no legis-
lative body, but the members of the Legislature
would be there, and a majority could elect. If
that be the true construction of the Constitution,
there is no difficulty in this case; but that would
be a total alteration of the present arrangement.
The answer I have given to that position, I think,
is entirely conclusive.
Then, could the Legislature of Iowa,-by any
law, dispense with the attendance of either body ?
Suppose the law had been, for example, " that
on the 1st of January both branches shall meet
in the hall of the House of Representatives at
one o'clock, and shall choose aSenator;"but the
House of Representatives determined, on a pre-
vious day, that they would not meet there, and
accordingly they did not meet, but the Senate
met, together with a minority of the members of
the House — it is obvious there would be no
power in the persons thus assembled to elect.
Or suppose, on the other hand, that on that day
the Senate had declared they would not, and did
not in fact, meet in convention, but the members
of the House of Representatives met and organ-
ized as a House, and then went through the form
of resolving themselves into a joint convention,
■would any Senator on this floor contend that
(when the Senate was elsewhere, and not a mem-
ber of the body was present, but it was acting in
its capacity as a Senate in the other end of the
Capitol) the House of Representatives could
make a choice? I apprehend no one will take
that position; because, if you take it, you are
brought to this point; that the Legislature of the
State can alter the constitution of the State, and
the Constitution of the United States, and permit
one branch of the Legislature to make the choice
of a United States Senator! No one contends
that that can be done. The law might require
every member to be present, but they might not
attend. It might require the Senate to be there,
but the Senate might not attend.
Permit me to say here, that it is not competent
for the legislative body to control an independent
branch of the Legislature, so as to take away
from it its independent action as one of the con-
stituent branches of the Legislature. Suppose
the Senate of Iowa was in session at the .time
when the alleged joint convention was held at
the other end of the Capitol, and a single mem-
ber of the Senate had gone into it, and had been
«hosen President pru tempore, or appointed teller,
and he had acted, would the Senate hate been
there ? The Senate was in session in the Senate
chamber, legislating, passing laws; and in the
other branch, the House of Representatives,
while the Senate was in its chamber, were acting
as a Legislature composed of both branches! Am
I called upon here to prove that the Senate could
not be present in two places at the same time;
that there could not be at the same moment of
time a Senate present in its own chamber, and
also in joint convention in the chamber of the
House of Representatives ?
The effect m this case of the order of adjourn-
ment made by both brancheg, as a joint conven-
tion, no matter who voted for that adjournment,
was to fix a time and place for another joint meet-
ing—nothing more. Had that vote any greater
effect than a law fixing that time for another joint
meeting would have had ? Certainly not. And
neither the joint body nor the Legislature itself
can make it apparent that the Senate was there,
if the Senate was not there. Neither the joint
body nor the Legislature of the State can dispense
with the necessity of both branches being pres-
ent, because otherwise the Legislature is not
there. Then, on the morning of the 6th of Jan-
uary, 1855, when the Senate adjourned and the
House of Representatives assembled, was the
Senate of Iowa, after that adjournment, present
in the Hall of the House of Representatives?
That is the question. What was the effect of
the adjournment of the Senate? I undertake to
say, the effect of that adjournment from Saturday
to Monday was to rpnder it a legal impossibility
and a constitutional impossibility that the Senate
should be assembled again until Monday, either
in the Senate chamber or anywhere else. It is
impossible, after a body has adjourned, that by
any voluntary action of the members they can
reassemble again before the time to which they
have adjourned.
But let us examine this question a little more
closely. Suppose the Legislature had passed a
law declaring, in so many words, that if, at the
time and place appointed, either branch should
not be present, it should in contemplation of law
be deemed to be present, and suppose the Senate
of Iowa did not attend at the time and place fixed
for the joint meeting, but was transacting legis-
lative business in the other end of the Capitol,
would it be in joint convention, as part of the
Legislature, within the intent of the Constitution
of the United States ? It is perfectly clear that,
in point of truth and fact and constitutional law,
they are not there, because it is not competent for
a legislative body to dispense with the action of
one branch, either by forfeiture or on account of
disobedience to law. It must be there, and must
be in action, in order to comply with the pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States,
and the provision of the constitution of the State
of Iowa.
Then look at this case as it stands upon the
facts. On the morning fixed for the meeting of
the joint convention, the House of Representa-
tives was assembled, the Speaker was in the
chair, the hour of ten o'clock arrived, and it was
announced that the time had come for a- joint
convention. A committee was appointed to wait
on the other branch, and invite them to come into
joint meeting in the usual manner, or in anv
manner. The Senate was not in session, anil
was incapable of session until the Monday fol-
lowing. There it is on the record that, prior to
that time, the Senate had adjourned over until 1
Monday, and after that adjournment the mem- j
bers of that body could not assemble as a body ;
until the next Monday. If every member of the I
Senate had gone to the Senate chamber, and they j
had attempted to act as a Senate, with the officers j
in their places, the proceeding would have been j
a nullity. I allude to this for the purpose of
showing that the vote of the Senate to adjourn |
until Monday was a vote that it would not assem- '
ble in joint convention. This was the deliberate j
act of the body, declaring that it would not unite !
in the election of a Senator on that day, and it !
incapacitated itself by that act from participating I
in the convention; so that, in my judgment, the !
question stands precisely upon the same ground j
as if it had taken a vote in point of form refusing i
to go into convention, as suggested by the hon- !
orabie Senator from Mississippi, and which he I
admits would have been fatal to this election. !
But look at the proceedings of the Senate on the
succeeding Monday. There is conclusive proof
that the majority of the Senate who voted to ad-
journ over, voted that adjournment for the pur-
pose of notgoing into a joint convention. On that
day they declared, as a body, that they had no
knowledge of any joint convention—not that they
as individuals had no knowledge, butas a Senate
they had no knowledge of any joint convention.
Can it be an act of the body when the body itself
disclaims any knowledge "of it? More than that,
i look at the record. The law required that the
I proceedings of the joint convention should be
| entered on the Journal of the Senate by their Sec-
| retary, and that their Secretary should be present
1 in the convention, and keep a record for the pur-
' pose of entering them. Look at their Journal.
' You find there no record of any joint convention
by the Senate with the House. Can the proceed-
ings of a Senate or a House rest in parol? The
law required that there should be a record. The
Senate declared that there was no such thing as
a joint convention; that they had no knowledge
of any. Their record shows the same thing pre-
cisely. It shows an adjournment from Saturday
to Monday, and then there is no notice of a joint
convention; on the contrary, the record shows
that there was no joint convention on that day.
There may have been a convention of the House
of Representatives and some individual members
of the Senate, but the Senate was not there.
Examine the proceedings again—look into that
convention, and you find that there was no Sec-
I retary of the Senate there to keep a record; you
! find that there was no teller there on the part of the
i Senate,; you find that there was no officer of that
i body present. There was no counting of the votes
! by the judges required by the law. The presiding
| officer was the President pro tempore chosen by
j that body—if he presided, as I suppose he did—
! and he, it is confessed on all sides, was not an
| officer of the body, and had no right to preside.
| The doings are attested by two persons pretend-
! ing to be tellers; but one of the persons signing
I that document was not a teller of the Senate; the
j other was a teller of the House of Re prose nta-
[ tives. The President pro tempore signing the pro-
[ ceedings was a spurious officer. One of the tell—
j ers was a spurious teller. There is no record of
j the proceedings by one branch. The presiding
officer of one House was not there; the majority
■ of that body was not there; and the whole body
[ had adjourned over until Monday, thereby ren-
1 dering it incompetent to assemble in the mean-
| time.
; The Senate of Iowa, at the outset, voted to go
into joint convention, and they were in joint
1 convention until they adjourned; but when they
■ adjourned and separated, it required the act of
! both bodies to come back into joint convention.
! Each body must act; and if either refused to go
I by a direct vote of the body, or by the action of
! the body, and if you see, as you do see in this
case clearly and conclusively, that a majority of
I the Senate determined not to go into thatconven-
; tion, and not to recognize it, it was not m the
power of any Senator, or any number of Sena-
tors outside of the Senate, to get up a joint con-
vention.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. I understand him to say that,
after the convention has once adjourned, there
must be renewed action by each body, in order
to bring about another joint meeting. Suppose
; that, on the day to which the convention ad-
jjourned, the Senate went into the joint meeting
I without any new action 
( Mr. TOUCEY. Probably their going in would
: be action.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. It would not be separate
j action if it were done without passing anv vote.
Mr. TOUCEY. The going in as a body would
i be separate action.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would not be the action
of the Senate, but the action of the Senators who
; go in without any new vote.
Mr, TOUCEY. That is what I mean by action.
! I mean that if the Senate, being in session when
j the time comes, a motion is made, and the Senate,
: with the proper officers, move in a body into the
' House of Representatives, and there join them,
: that is the action of the Senate.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator did not,
I perhaps, understand my question. The question
