1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is this: Suppose that the time came to which the
convention had adjourned. In the mean time,
between the adjournment of the convention and
the arrival of tlie time to which it had adjourned,
there had been no session of the Senate whatever,
but when that time came, all the Senators were
present m convention, and acted, would not an
election made by them under such circumstances
have been a legal one?
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not think it would be a
legal election, because it would be the action of
the individual members of the body, and just
exactly as null and void as, after the House of
Representatives had passed a bill, would be the
action of members of the Senate, not as a body,
but as individuals, coming together and unani-
mously agreeing to pass it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Sena-
tor's position perfectly.
Mr. TOUCEY. The Senate is incapable of
acting in the capacity of individual members; it
must act as a body. It is a distinct branch of
the Legislature; it is a political existence, and
that political existence must be in conjunction
with the other political existence, the flouse of
Representatives, before they can produce the re-
sult required by the Constitution. Otherwise
you resolve the Constitution into the interpreta-
tion of the honorable Senator from Georgia, and
say the election is to be by thfe persons who con-
stitute the Legislature, and not by the Legisla-
ture itself. There is no mid way. I deny that
it would be competent for the members of the
two branches to come together as individuals,
and make a choice of a person to serve as Sena-
tor. It would be contrary to the nature of a legis-
lative act, and it would be contrary to the very
law under which they were professing to act,
because that law required that the Senate should
be there in pursuance of its own action; that its
teller should be there; that its Secretary should
be there for the purpose of keeping a rccor.d;that
• that record should be entered on the Journal of
the Senate, and whatever they may have done
can only he proved by the record. They can
act in no other way. I say then, sir, that unless
you dispense with the Constitution of the United
States, and the constitution of Iowa, and every
principle which is applicable to legislative bodies,
it cannot be said that the Legislature of Iowa
was present in joint convention on the 6th of
January, 1855, when this election was purported
to be made.
I do not proceed on any technical ground. I
place my position upon the matter of fact, that it
is perfectly clear that the Senate of Iowa was
not there acting with the House of Represent-
atives. Wc know that to be the case by the
rccords of the Senate itself, and there is no mode
of proving that the Senate participated m this
election except by the record of the Senate when
you investigate the manner of action. It cannot
rest m pdiol. It cannot depend upon the action
of individual members. The action must be the
action of the body. The two Houses must act,
or there can be no choice. To my mind it is
perfectly clear that the Senate was not there, and
its presence was essential.
- It has been suggested that the joint convention
was an independent body after it was once
formed, and could continue itself. I cannot con-
sent to that idea, because that would be to anni-
hilate the Senate by an act of the Legislature.
Itrequircs on the day, at the time'and place fixed,
the action of the Senate in order to make the
election an act of the Legislature; and if the
Senate is not present there is no action of the
Legislature. Whether the Senate is there or not
does not depend on any rule laid down by a pre-
vious Legislature, or any enactment of a previous
Legislature, but it depends on the action of the
body at the time. I do not hesitate to say, that
the House of Representatives on that day had
the power to refuse to go into joint convention
by adjourning over, or by a direct resolution, or
by occupying their seats, and refusing to receive
the Senate. I do not hesitate to declare, that the
Senate, the coordinate branch, had equal author-
ity, and on that day, without regard to any pre-
vious law, without regard to any previous action
of its own body, it, as an independent, self-ex-
isting body, had and could exert the power of
saying that it would not go into convention. For
exercising this power, the members of that body
are responsible to their own constituents, notrto
this Government.
Gentlemen have suggested the idea that it was
necessary for this body to take care that it be
continued, and this Government continued. I
repudiate that idea al together. It does not depend
on the Senate or House of Representatives of the
United States whether it shall be continued.
: That belongs to the States and the people. It
belongs to the Legislatures of the States in the
first instance; and if they do not carry out the
popular will, it devolves on the people to see that
agents shall be placed in the Senates of the States
that will carry out their will. No such function
devolves upon us.
Gentlemen have said that the Senate of Iowa
was factious. I have nothing to do with the
motives of that body, or with its action, except
to inquire into the mere naked fact, whether it
was present and acting in this election? If it was
not present, however much in fault it might be,
whether it acted upon sufficient reas&ns or upon
insufficient reasons, an election by the other
House is void.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, the case which
is presented for the consideration of the Senate is
a somewhat singular one. The claimant to this
seat came here at the commencement of the first
session of the present Congress, a session which
spread itself out over some eight months, and sat
undisturbed, except by the presentation of a paper
from the Senate of Iowa. He sat through the
second session of the same Congress undisturbed;
and now, when this Congress is near expiring,
at its closing days, in its third session, the ques-
tion of his light to hold a seat is presented. I
do not know\vhy it has been suffered to slumber
so long, if the honorable claimant was an intruder
here without right 
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to put an inquiry to him ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. Is he not aware, that this in-
quiry was moved by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlan] himself?
Mr. HARLAN. It was brought up by my
colleague, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. HALE. I am aware of what my friend
from Iowa has just stated. I was going to say
that I did not know why, if the honorable claim-
ant here was a mere intruder, this matter had
been suffered to slumber so long, and was brought
up just now. I do not wish, however, to pursue
that inquiry, because it is not pertinent to the
decision to be made by the Senate; but if I were
to claim the privilege of a Yankee I think I could
give a tolerably good guess.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me, as chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, to interpose one
remark at this point. At the beginning it was
thought by many chat the Committee on the
Judiciary, on its own motion, ought to take cogni-
zance of this subject, and at one time the point
was discussed in the committee; but as the col-
league of the sitting member did not urge, and
the sitting member did not ask, an inquiry
into this matter, we did not choose to be volun-
teers.
Mr. HALE. My remark had no reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I leave that
matter. Sir, I have always found it the best,
when I have had to deal with a question either
before a court or jury, to endeavor to separate
what is admitted or clearly proved from what is
not admitted or is denied; and I think we might
come to a conclusion more easily if we adopted
that course in the present instance.
I hardly know, sir, how to argue this question. !
With every desire to be courteous, and kind, and ;
respectful to every gentleman who has spoken, !
I must speak of the arguments which have been !
used as they have addressed themselves to my \
mifid. To my mind there has been no argument j
adduced against the right of the claimant to a seat |
on this floor from the State of Iowa which rises i
to the dignity of respectable sophistry. That is ]
the way it strikes me. |
In the first place, it is not disputed, I think, that
the Hon. James Harlan, who is here claiming I
a seat, has every qualification which the United
States Constitution requires. Ordinarily that has
been considered enough to estop our inquiry. I
believe it is the opinion to-day of a majority of
the Senate-—I am certain that I hftvethe high.£&nc-
tion of the opinion of therhoftqrable Presidehf,of
the Senate for the posiiiofi^that no State, I>ynf3,
constitution or its legislation has a right ;tb; affix
any qualifications to a Senator beyond those
which are required by the Constitution of the
United States. It is not disputed that Mr. Har-
lan-—! must speak of him as a citizen, for it is a
question whether he is* a Senator or not—has all
the requisites prescribed by the. Constitution of
the United States: that he is thirty years of age,
that he has been nine years a citizen of the United
States, and flhat when he was elected he was an
inhabitant of the State of Iowa.
Besides possessing these qualifications he cornea
here, as all the rest of us do, bringing a certif-
icate under the hand of the Governor of Iowa,
sealed with the great seal of his State, certifying
to us that44 The General Assembly of this State,
on the 6th day of January, 1855, have, in pursu-
ance of the Constitution of the United States of
America, chosen James Harlan a Senator to
represent this State in the Senate of the United
States." That I suppose is about as good evi-
dence as any of us has to the seats which we
occupy on this floor. All the requisites of the
Constitution of the United States are possessed,
and the Governor certifies that the General
Assembly, in pursuance of the Constitution, have
elected the incumbent. There is nobody here to
contest it. Noffbdy here claims that he is usurp-
ing a seat which belongs to another. Nobody
from the State of Iowa, through whom the State
has a right to speak, is here to find fault. On the
contrary, the Governor, the executive officer
through whom the State usually speaks, is satis-
fied, and tells you that Mr. Harlan has been con-
stitutionally elected. You have it in evidence
that the judiciary of the State of Iowa, another
department of Government, is perfectly satisfied.
Of the supreme judiciary, consisting of three
judges, two of them have written opinions which
have been produced before the Senate, that the
election is valid; and another holds his seat, and
is performing the duties and discharging the.
functions of a judge, under an election that took
place with precisely these sanctions. Thus you
have the Judiciary and the Executive of the
State content; and the Legislature are content,
for you have had no complaint from them—either
from the Legislature that was in session when
he was elected, or from the subsequent Legisla-
ture. Iowa has manifested content in every way
in which a State has a right to express its con-
tent—through its executive, its judiciary, and
its legislative department.
There is no contestant here. All the requisites
of the Constitution are complied with. Yet it is
said we must turn him out because he is not a
Senator. I think, when we look at these broad
features, the points which I have mentioned
are not in dispute; nobody cavils about them;
nobody denies them. We have the most solemn
evidences from lus State, and we have evidence
before us in reference to the Constitution of the
United States, that all is well, and yet he is to be
turned out. Why? I think if there js a Senator
on this floor entitled above all others to a seat, it
is the Senator from Iowa, and I will tell you why.
Because he was elected by the Legislature of his
State, in pursuance of the provisions of a statute
of his own State, framed with singular wisdom
to obviate the very proceedings by which it is
now endeavored to oust him.
Iowa ought to have a good constitution, for she
is one of the last States, and had the benefit of
the experience of all the. other States. The wise
and the good men who inhabit that State saw
that the frarners of constitutions in other States
had not anticipated all the difficulties which might
occur—that sometimes a faction (it is no original
word of mine; it has been applied here frequently)
might gain a momentary ascendency in one or the
other branch of the Legislature, and defeat the
purpose for which they were to come together
when they proposed to clect a Senator; and the
State of Iowa, to obviate that, to prevent it, has
said, that when the convention does come together,
it shall be Uke the tie which binds a man and his
wife, irrevocable, and one party cannot step out
and say it will be no longer bound.
I disagree with the honorable Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] in his construction of
the law of Iowa, though it is not necessary for
