26C>
THIS concessional GLOBE.
January 0,
this case to go into that. I do riot believe it was
competent for either brahch of that Legislature,
after they had been once fused and merged into
another body, to resume their separate condition.
This statute of the State of Iowa is not merely
permissive; it does not say they may continue,
but the eighth section says: " If the election shall
not be completed at the firpt meeting, the Presi-
dent shall adjourn the convention." He has no
discretion about it—he shall do it. The conven-
tion shall adjourn. The contingency of a Sen-
ator of the United States being elected, is not to
depend on the will of one branch, Imt the Pres-
ident shall adjourn the convention; and the only
choice left to the convention, and the only discre-
tion which they can give, is simply to declare the
time to which the convention shall adjourn. The
place is fixed by law, the duty of the President
is fixed by law, and all that is left for the conven-
tion is simply to state the time.
The convention met; the difficulty which the
Legislature meant to obviate occurred; and the
necessity and wisdom of this la%v were vindicated
by the occurrence of those very circumstances
which have brought to the attention of the
Senate, by which an attempt was made to defeat
the expressed will of that State. There has been
a good deal said about the constituency of this
joint assembly, and what one branch and the
other might do. Sir, there was nqJSouse of Rep-
resentatives, and there was no Senate to elect a
Senator of the United States; they were alto-
gether a General Assembly. The Senators went
into it, and they ceased to be Senators. A Sen-
ator's vote was no more than a Representative's
vote, and a Representative's vote was just ex-
actly equal to a Senator's vote. The preponder-
ating influence given to the vote of a Senator
when he was a Senator, sitting in his own branch,
was leveled, and he voted there, not as a Senator,
not as a Representative, but as a member of the
convention; and the roll was made up alphabeti-
cally—indiscriminately of Senators and' Repre-
sentatives. They were the Legislature, or, in the
words of the law, the General Assembly.
Much argument has been expended upon the
question, whether it required a legislative act to
elect a Senator? It never did, because in many
of the States of the Union the Governor is neces-
sary to a legislative act. I recollect—it may not
have much to do with this question, but it illus-
trates it—that some thirty years ago a question
presented itself in my own State somewhat anal-
ogous to this in one of its aspects. We choose
our Senators by concurrent votes. Some thirty
years ago the House ofi|Rcpresentatives in the
State of New Hampshire agreed to elect Mr.
Mason Senator of the United States for six years,
and sent a resolution electing him to the Senate
for concurrence. ThouSenate balloted, and they
elected Mr. Parrott; and the form in which they
notified the other House was; " Resolved, That
the Senate concur with the House of Represent-
_ atives in the resolution appointing the Hon. Jere-
miah Mason Senator in the Congress of the Uni- |
ted States, to serve far six years, striking out i
the woids 'Jeremiah Mason,'and inserting' John
F. Parrott.' " The constitution of the State gives
to a single member the right of callingfor the yeas
and nays, and some member called for the yeas
and nays upon the question of concurring with
the Senate. After a very long and a very learned
discussion, both of the Legislature and of the
press, it was decided that,although the constitu-
tion of the State gave to a single member the
right of calling for the yeas and nays, yet, as tins
was a question of election, which election must
proceed by ballot, they had not the right, because
this was not a legislative act; but it was a special
duty conferred on them "by the Constitution of the
United States; and in performing it they were
exercising the function conferred upon them by
the Constitution of the United States, and were
not, pro liac nire, an assembly governed by the
provisions of the constitution of the State apply-
ing to them when they were in their legislative
capacity.
Now, sir, let us look at this question. It is
conceded that the joint convention in Iowa was,
in the first instance, rightly formed. The House
had consented, and the Senate had consented to
it; and they came into joint convention, and
voted several times, but failed to choose. What
could they "do ? They could do nothing else on
e&rth, but the very thing they did. They were
not at liberty to dissolve themselves. They were
not at liberty to lose the character of a joint con-
vention which had been conferred upon them,
because the law said the President should adjourn
them to another time. If a motion had been made
that the convention be dissolved, or that the con-
vention rise and be resolved into its original ele-
ments, it would not have been competent for the
President to put any such motion if he had dis-
charged his duty; but he would have said to them,
" Gentlemen, the only thing I can do is to adjourn
you, and I can adjourn you to this place; the
only discretion you have is to name the time
when you will come here for the purpose of dis-
charging the function which the constitution has
devolved upon you." There was no objection
made to adjourning, and the vote was put and
carried, and they did adjourn to a day, time, and
place certain. When that time came, they went
in, not as a House of "Representatives, not as a
Senate, but as a joint convention, or as a General
Assembly. They sent out the Sergeant-at-Arms,
as they had a right to do, as every Legislative
Assembly has a right to do, for the defaulting
members. He brought two of them in, so that
there was then present a majority, not only of the
convention, but a majority of each House, if that
were necessary.
It is said that the gentlemen whom the Ser-
geant-at-Arms brought in asked that they might
not be considered as present, or taking part in
the proceedings. What of it, if they did? Sup-
pose we should find ourselves without a quorum
here, and should send out the Sergeant-at-Arms
and bring in a couple of Senators, and they come
in and are here, it is manifest to you, as the pre-
siding officer, that there is a quorum present;
these gentlemen, with those already here, make
a quorum; if they should ask, as a matter of
favor, that they might be considered as not being
here, what would you say to them, sir? I appre-
hend you would not say anything at all; the re-
quest would not be entertained for a moment. It
is too ridiculous on its face. There is said to be
a law of natural philosophy, that it is impossible
for one body to be in two places at the same time;
and when these gentlemen, members of the Sen-
ate, came in and were present, if it was necessary
that a majority of the Senate should be present,
the very fact that they asked to be considered
as being somewhere else would not make it so.
They were there, and if it was necessary to have
a quorum of the Senate, there was a quorum of
the Senate present.
But, sir, as I look at this matter, it is of no sort
of consequence whether there was a majority of
the Senate or a majority of the House there, pro-
vided a majority of the General Assembly or the
joint convention was present, according to the
roll made up. This is the general understanding
of the people of this country everywhere. Let
me ask you to give your attention to some cases
where there is a joint convention, and the pro-
ceeding is by ballot. Then there is no possible
way of telling whether a Senator votes or not.
The Legislature of my own State meet in conven-
tion when there is no choice of Governor by the
people, which happens very frequently, and then
the two Houses in convention proceed to select
a Governor from the two highest candidates.
There is no modo of ascertaining whether a sin-
gle Senator votes or not. That is not what the
constitution requires; but the constitution requires
a majority of the joint body thus constituted;
and the law of Iowa requires a majority of the
joint body thus constituted.
It is said it is impossible to make anything else
the Legislature than the Legislature. That is
true; but does any gentleman here contend that
it was not competent for the people of Iowa to
say that less than a majority should constitute a
quorum if they saw fit so to do? I apprehend
not. In the Legislature of the State of Massa-
chusetts, when the House of Representatives con
sisted of some four or five hundred members, sixty
of them constituted a quorum; and when the Sen-
ate consisted of forty members, sixteen formed a
quorum. Sixteen Senators and forty Representa-
tives might pass a bill, or do any other legislative
act; but nobody ever supposed that was an in-
fringement of the constitutional provision, that
the Legislature must do certain things.
A great many things may take place in carry-
ing oiit a principle which probably were not in-
tended by the framers of the Constitution or the
law. It may so happen that a law may be passed
in this body, and the Senators from no single
State of the Union vote for it. We may have a
valid lav? passed by the two Houses of Congress
without the Senators from a single State voting
for it. How is that? Suppose you divide the
Senators equally—thirty-one, one from each State,
vote for a bill, and the other thirty-one against
it, and th'e Vice President gives his vote for the
bill. It is just as much a law as if every man
voted for it. It is not a very probable case, but it
may occur. That was not the intention of the'
framers of the Constitution, but it is one of the
possible contingencies that may arise in carngng
into effect the system which they establishes to
effectuate what they did intend. So it. was here.
The Legislature intended that this duty should
be performed at the time appropriate, and that
was the session preceding the occurrence of the
vacancy. The two Houses then met. Here I
would meet the question put by'the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Todcey;] and
if the case turns on what he says it does, he has
no place to stand upon, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa is entitled to his seat. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut says the question is, was
the Senate present? Yes, sir, it was present—
present by its own deliberate act—present upon
the invitation of the House of Representatives—
present by its own concurrence. When they
went into the joint convention, they knew it was
not in the power of the Senate, or of the Senate
and House combined, every one of them, to dis-
solve that convention, prior to the period fixed
for the termination of the session of the Legisla-
ture, because the law said that when once they
got in, there they should stay, voting and ad-
journing from time to time until the object for
which they came together was effected. The
Senate went into the joint convention with that
knowledge. They went in as a man goes into
the marriage contract, knowing the bonds and the
obligations which he assumes, and that of his
own will he cannot dissolve it.
I disagree entirely with those gentlemen who
say it was in the power of the Senate or of the
House to dissolve this convention legally. They^
might do some things factiously; I am speaking
of what they might legally do; and I say, if
every member of the House and of the Senate had
voted singly or separately , or in convention, to ad-
journ, they could not do it; because the law was
imperative that the convention should be formed,
and it should continue until the purpose for which
it was constituted ivas effected. They might be
derelict in their duty; they might violate their
obligations; they might, in contempt of the re-
quirements of the law, go out; thus forcibly, and
in a revolutionary spirit, defeating it. I am
speaking now of what they might legally have
done. Legally, they could not have dissolved
the convention. They went into it, and the Senate
was there. They stayed and remained. They
had notice of the time and place of adjournment,
for they were there, as the record shows, when
the adjournment was carried to meet on the 6th
of January. When they come here and say, as
a Senate, as sixteen of them do, that they had
no knowledge of any such joint convention, that
declaration must be understood to be meant
entirely in a Pickwickian sense. I believe the
honorable Senator from Connecticut admits this,
for he says the body had no notice of it, but
the individual members had.
Mr. President, we sometimes deceive ourselves
with words. It does not follow that there is an
idea behind every word that is spoken, and I ap-
prehend that if we undertake to analyze our own
convictions, and say what we mean by the body,
as separate from the Senators who constitute the
body, we shall be at a loss. Here is the Senate
of the United States, composed of sixty-two
members, when the seats are all full. Suppose
the sixty-two members leave; does not the body
go with them? Of course. The body is the
aggregation of the individuals—that is all. When
we undertake to speak of the body independent
and separate from the individual members, we
are speaking of a myth, and nothing more.
Practically, the Senate consists of its members.
There may be, in common parlance, a difference
between the Senate as a body and the Senators*
