268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
extrjferaileage. .There canbe no partisan advant-
ag#sgftined, .none lost, -by the decision, which-
ever- way it may be, and no personal injury can
be inflicted on the Senator from Iowa; on the
contrary, he will be a gainer by it. Why, then,
is it necessary, on the argument of a purely legal
and constitutional point, to thrust in intimations
that the Senate here is incapable of acting upon
high and honorable considerations in the dis-
charge of this great duty.
It is my conscientious conviction, sir, that
under the Constitution of the United States and
the law of Iowa the election of that Senator was
invalid and void. I shall not go into argument
in detail or at length, for the reason that it has
been well presented before, although the Senator
from New Hampshire did not think it amounted
to even decent sophistry. In the first place, the
Constitution of the United States is the highest'
authority upon the case, and must govern the
decision. The Constitution says that United
States Senators shall be chosen by the Legislatures
of the States. The next point is, what consti-
tutes the Legislature of Iowa? The constitution
of Iowa which I hold in my hand says:
" The legislative authority of this State shall be vested
in a Senate and House of Representatives, which shall be
designated the Geneial Assembly of Iowa."
It then provides that
'• A majority of each House shall cons|itutc a quorum to
do business, but a smaller number may ifljoum from day to
day, and may compel the attendance of absent members
in such manner and under such penalties as each House
may provide."
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him, as he and I differ somewhat on this
question, and I really want to arrive at a correct
conclusion. I take his position to be 
0 Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it would be better
for the Senator to allow me to state my position,
before he'Unswers it.
Mr. BROWN. Go on.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have shown by the lan-
guage of the constitution of Iowa, that its Legis-
lature consists of two branches, a Senate and a
House of Representatives, and that a majority of
each constitutes a quorum, and that no less num-
ber than a majority of each can perform any other
duty than that of compelling the attendance of
absent members. Now, let me ask, how was the
Senator from Iowa elected—by a Legislature
composed of two branches, with a majority of
each present, constituting a quorum ? If not, he
was not elected by the Legislature of the State of
Iowa. There could bo no Legislature without
the presence of a quorum of each branch. So
says the constitution of that State, and that con-
stitution is in accordance with the general usage
and the constitutions of the other States of the
Union.
Then how is the attempt made to avoid the
force of this constitutional obligation ? It is said
that the Legislature of Iowa passed a law by the
terms of which the members of the two Houses
must assemble and effect an election by joint bal-
lot. Suppose they have passed a law to that
effect: doe's it change the constitution of the
State, the Legislature of which made the law ?
While the constitution of Iowa requires a quorum
of each House to do business, I respectfully sub-
mit that it is not competent for the Legislature to !
provide another mode in violation of that consti- j
tution. Hence, if the law of Iowa has been cor- I
rectly construed, and under that construction does I
give authority to the two Houses to assemble
and resolve themselves into one, and thus to blot
out the separate existence of either, and make a
majority of the whole a quorum for the two
Houses, it is a %'iolation of the constitution of
the State of Iowa in that respect. A law of Iowa
in violation of her constitution is null and void,
(SO far as there is a conflict existing, and the con-
stitution must be the rule of action.
Bat, s ii-, if you look into this law of Iowa, a
fair interpretation of it is consistent with the con-
stitution of that State and of the United States.
It is true that the first section provides that the
mi'inbei s of t he Legislature shall assemble in the
hall of tne House of Representatives to effect an
election of Senator; but is the meaning that they
shall assemble as individuals who have been
elected members of the Legislature, or that they
shall assemble in their legislative capacity, as
membera-of the Senate and of the House of Rep-
January 9,
resentatives, coming together to make a joint
convention ? Let us see which of these con-
structions is correct. The second section pro-
vides that " the President of the Senate, or in
his absence the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, shall preside over the deliberations of
the convention; and in the absence of both, a
President pro tempore shall be appointed by joint
vote." The third section provides that at any
time prior to meeting in convention, after the
day has been designated, each House shall ap-
point a teller.
The first section provides that the members
shall assemble in the hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives at such time as each House has ordered
and prescribed; hence it is a meeting by the au-
thority of each House. They came together as
Houses, and when they meet together, they vote
by a joint vote as is usual in other States. Now,
I desire to test the regularity of this election by
the law of the State of Iowa, even as construed
by gentlemen on the other side, or as construed
by myself. In either case, can you hold that this
is a valid election ? First, the law of Iowa has
been violated in this: the law requires that the
judges of election should be chosen by each
House separately, and in this case there were no
judges of election chosen in either House at any
time. This point is not controverted. The law
was compulsory that a judge slfould be elected
by each House separately after fixing the time of
going into an election, and before actually going
into it; yot in this case there was no judge of
election chosen by either House at any time.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] is enabled
to reconcile this position with the right of the
Senator from Iowa to his seat, by reason of the
fact that the presiding officers of each House,
when they got into joint session, appointed each
a teller. What right had the presiding officer
of either House to appoint a teller, in violation
of the law under which the joint session was being
held ? Was not such an appointment void ? Had
the President any more right to appoint a teller
than any other member, unless the law author-
ized him to do so ' The law expressly provided
that the teller should be elected by the House
before the jointsession,instead of beingappointed
by the President during the joint session.
Mr. PUGH. My proposition was, that that
part of the law was directory, and that the elec-
tion would be valid without any teller, provided
the votes were actually given.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely; and I ask if that
whole law is not directory—directing the two
Houses to fix the day on which to go into the
election of Senator—directing the President of the
Senate to preside,or, in his absence, the Speaker
of the House—directing each House to appoint
a teller—directing these tellers to take down the
votes—directing the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House to keep the lists as they
voted—directing the tellers to announce the vote
and to sign the certificate—and then directing the
Governor to certify the result to the Senate of
the United States? Each and every provision
of that law is directory; and I respectfully sub-
mit that you have the same right to dispense with
any other provision as you have to dispense with
that in regard to the appointment of tellers; and
I will show that this is not the only provision
which you have dispensed with. When the day
arrived on which the election was effected, it was
ascertained that the teller appointed by the Pres-
ident of the Senate was not present, nor was the
President himself present. How do Senators
overcome the fact that a minority of the members
of the Senate then present assembled together
and appointed a President of the Senate pro tem-
pore ? Can a minority of members appoint &
President of their body ? The Senator from Ohio
shakes his head. I understood him to say so in
his argument, and to state this objection and !
acknowledge its fairness as a frank man would !
do. Then, if the election of a President pro tern- :
pore of the Senate by a minority of the body was -
void, as is now conceded, how could that officer, 1
under a void election, make a valid appointment
of a teller to go on with the election?
Mr. COLLAMER. That President pro tem-
pore was not appointed by the Senators, but by
the whole of the convention.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then you make it worse,
for this reason: The law provides that "the
President of the Senate, or, in his absence, the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, shall
preside over the deliberations of the convention;
and, in the absence of both, a President pro tem-
pore shall be appointed by joint vote." Under
the law by virtue of which you are acting, the
right of both Houses to elect a President pro
tempore did not exist, except in case the Speaker
*>f the House of Representatives was absent, as
well as the President of the Senate. In this case
the Speaker of the House was present, presiding
over the deliberations of the joint body as it is
called; and so long as your record shows that the
Speaker was present, there was no authority to
electa President pro tempore byjointvote. Taking
either view of it, this act was a palpable violation
of the law—the only law under which you pro-
fess to have had the light to make this election.
I come back to the position, can a pro tempore
officer, elected in violation of law, and whose
election is admitted to be void, make a valid ap-
pointment of a judge to conduct the election ? I
nave found no Senator yet who would attemptto
show that the law was complied with in the elec-
tion "of judge. The Senator from Ohio admits
that it was not complied with, and he avoids the
force of it on the ground that the law was direc-
tory Other Senators omitted this objection and
failed to attempt to answer it, for the wise reason,
I apprehend, that it could not be answered. But
it has been said that these judges of election or
tellers were unimportant officers, and therefore
we mightventure to get along without them. My
answer is, that the point whether these officers
were important or unimportant, was a question
to be decided by the Legislature of the State of
Iowa. That Legislature decided that they were
important, by prescribing that no election should
be held until each House had proceeded to the
appointment of a teller. By the terms of the law
under which you are proceeding, the Legislature
of Iowa was expressly inhibited from going into
an election until these tellers were chosen. You
have no right to say they were unimportant
officers, when the law under which you claim to
have acted made their appointment a preliminary
question—a condition on which you should have
the authority to elect. Now let us see whether
these tellers were in fact unimportant officers.
" The name of the. person voted for,"says the
law, " and of the members voting, shall be
entered in writing by the tellers, who shall, after
the Secretary shall have called the names of the
members a second time, and the name of the
person for which each member has voted, report
to the President of the convention the number
of votes given for each candidate." The tellers
were made the only persons who had the right
to take down and report the names of the mem-
bers voting, and of the persons for whom they
voted. The only duly to be performed by the
Secretary was to call the names of the members.
The names were to betaken down by the tellers;
the person for whom each member voted was to
be taken down by the tellers; and the tellers were
to report the same to the President of the con-
vention. Hence under this law the only knowl-
edge that the President of the conventio  could
possibly have as to the number of votes cast for
each candidate, was the report of the tellers
appointed by the two Houses. There is no
other official mode by which the President of that
convention could know whether Mr. Harlan or
Mr. Dodge received a majority at that election.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Illinois is answering now at this point an objec-
tion which I made,and I remembered, after I had
spoken, that I had failed to give an illustration of
what he considers a material and important point
in the law, but which will, I think, be observed
to be an unimportant point, the failure to observe
which may be overlooked. I wish to call the
attention of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
if he will allow me, to the fifth section, which
says that " the names of the members of the
General Assembly shall be ranged by the Secre-
tary in alphabetical order, and each member shall
vote in the order in which his name stands when
thus arranged." " Each member shall vote." I
suppose, that this is directory; and if the law is
necessary, in every jot and tittle of it, to be exe-
cuted, the failure of any one member to vote is
fatal—not the failure to vote in that order, but the
failure of any one man to vote at all would be
