1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
objection. Is that the Senator's,position ? I sup-
pose that the law being executed so far that the
names of all the members are thus arranged, if
the majority of the members vote there is an elec-
tion, although one or more may refuse to vote or
decline altogether. That would be one of those
unimportant points, the failure to comply with
which could not affect the result. I propose it
by way of illustration. X thank the honorable
Senator for his courtesy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator from New York for his illus-
tration. He illustrates the most essential and
important point under the law by citing another
point that is of no manner of importance! No-
body pretends that the absence of one member
from the body, or his omission to vote if there,
would invalidate the election, provided there was
a quorum of each House present, and the law
•was otherwise complied with. Here, however,
is the ieal point of the question. It was essential
to find out whether a majority of the joint as-
sembly was legally constituted, and voted for
Mr. Harlan or for Mr. Dodge. The law has
provided tlie means by which that fact shall be
ascertained. The Legislature of Iowa had the
right under the Constitution to prescribe by law
the mode of holding the election. The Legisla-
ture had provided that the mode should be that
two tellers, one selected by each branch of the
Legislature, should take down the names of
members as they voted, and certify the result of
the vote, with the details, to the President. That
was the only lawful evidence of what had taken
place under this enactment. An essential point
is wanting; there were no tellers acting; there
was no lawful means of ascertaining who received
the majority, and certifying it to the President
of the convention.
The law of Iowa provides:
" Wlien any person shall have received a majority of the
votes aioiesaul, the Piesidentof the convention shall de-
claie hnn to be duly elccted a Senator to represent this
State m the Senate of the United States; and he shall, m
the presence of the members of both Houses, sign two cer-
tificates of election, attested by tlie tellers; one of winch
foe shall transmit to the Governor, and the remaining one
shall be preserved among the records of the convention and
entered at length on the Journal of each House of the Gen-
erdl Assembly."
The President of the convention was to an-
nounce the result? On what authority was he to
announce it? As I have already stated, he was
to announce it on the report of the tellers. He
was authorized to announce what the tellers
reported—nothing more and nothing less. The
report of the tellers was the only authority which
he had for declaring Mr. Harlan, or Mr. Dodge,
or any other man elccted. Then he was required
to make out a certificate of that report of the
tellers, having the tellers to attest the truth of his
certificate. There were no tellers. Hence they
did not attest the truth of the certificate. Then,
in order to comply with the law in addition to
that, the certificate of the tellers reporting all
these proceedings, together with the certificate of
the President of the convention, attested by the
tellers, was to be spread on the records of the
Senate and House of Representatives. Was that
part of the law complied with? No one pretends
that it was.
Let me recapitulate. The law required that
there should be tellers elected by each House;
and no tellers were thus elected. Secondly, the
law required that the names should be taken down
by the tellers and reported to the President; and
that was not done. The law required that the
President should announce the result on the re-
portof the tellers, and not on any other authority;
and he had no such authority on which to an-
nounce it. Next, the law required that the tellers
should attest the certificate of the President; and
they did not do it. Next, the law required that
these proceedings should be entered on the Jour-
nal of the Senate as well as of the House of Rep-
resentatives; and it was not thus entered. Thus
you find that in six or seven material, essential
points, there is a total disregard of the law under
which that election is claimed to have taken place.
If you can dispense with all these proceedings
becadjse; the law was directory, why could you
not "dispense with the rest? You have dispensed
witlr nearly all. What, let me ask, have you not
dispensed with? I have shown that you have
dispensed with the second section by a minority
electing a President pro tempore, instead of the)
Senate doing it. I have shown that you have
dispensed with the third section in not having ;
tellers elected by cach House. I have shown
that you have dispensed with the fourth section
by not having a record kept by both the Clerk of
the House and the Secretary of the Senate. I
have shown that you have dispensed with the
sixth section Jjy not having tellers to take down
the voting and report it. You have dispensed
with the ninth scction by not having a certificate
made out and attested by the tellers, and entered
on the record. What have you not dispensed
with? The first section of the act, under your
construction, have complied with; under
ours, you have not. The fifth section you have
complied with. What^was that? Making a list
of the members ! The seventh section you have
complied with, which provides that if neither of
the candidates receives a majority, the convention '
shall adjourn to another time; and the eighth
section is to the same effect.
You have not shown a compliance with any
one material clause, of the law—with any of the
clauses which were intended to secure a regular,
legal election, and prevent fraud; and I submit
whether it is safe tor us to ratify an election
which is in disregard of all those safeguards—of
all those securities which have been thrown
around the elective franchise, and the irregularity
in regard to which has induced one branch of
the Legislature to say that they had nothing to
do with the act, and that it was no election.
Mr. President, without following this argu-
ment further, 1 think 1 have shown clearly by
the law itself, that the essential provisions of the
law of Iowa have been grossly violated in this
pretended election. If gentlemen claim that law i
as authority, the election is void. If they go j
beyond that law to the Constitution either of :
Iowa or of the United States, it is equally void. '
I shall not answer the various positions of Sen-
ators upon the minor points. I may notice one
or two of them.
Jt has been argued here gravely, that inasmuch
as the law of Iowa authorized the joint conven-
tion to adjourn from day to day, and made it the
duty of the members to be there, it was their own
fault if they were not there. Admit that they
were derelict in duty in not being there, if you
please, for the sake of argument; does that make
the action of the alleged joint convention valid,
if it proceeded without a quorum ? It is the duty i
of each of us to be here every morning at twelve
o'clock, in pursuance of our daily adjournment;
but if we do not come, can a minority proceed to
perform valid, legal acts m the absence of a ma-
jority because the majority are derelict in their
duty? You all know that less than a quorum
cannot do any legal act except to send for absen-
tees, and adjourn from day to day, to corripel their
attendance. Or suppose we meet, as we did this ]
morning, with u quorum, und by the middle of
the afternoon we find that there is not a quorum
present, the absentees have gone away without ;!
the authority of the Senate, they are technically !
guilty of contempt of the Senate for leaving, and ;•
they can be sent for and compelled to come here;
but because it is their duty to be here,does it fol- ij
low that a minority can proceed to do business j
and to perform any legal act? No, sir, there is |j
no authority m a minority to perform any legal ||
act except the one specified, although the body ;
may have been reduced to a minouty by a neglect;
of duty on the part of the majority. !
I am unable to perceive o'n what principle, j
either of the Constitution or of the law, it can j
be held that this election is valid. If there is j
any one point that we ought to guard with a :
more severe scrutiny and greater care than ail !
others, it is the purity of our elections The i
Senate of the United States cannot throw off the '
responsibility by shielding themselves behind j
the opinion of Governor Grimes, of Iowa, oi of :
the supreme court of Iowa, however respectable :j
they may be, or of any other body of outsiders, !i
for the reason that the^Constitution of the United 11
States has declared that the Senate shall decide j!
upon the legality of the elections of its members. '!
We must meet this question, and we must meet !i
it as a judicial question, impartially, according to
the meaning of the Constitution, and without
reference to any partisan or unworthy purpose.
I had hoped that here was an opportunity to
decide this question impartially without any polit-
ical bias. I hope still that it will be so decided.
It is a question striking at the very foundation
of the Government, and the existence of ^ this
body, involving the regularity of our elections,
and the purity of the elective franchise. There
is no necessity for our sanctioning such gross
irregularities as those which arc shown to have
existed-.- There is no disrespect, as the Senator
from New Hampshire would intimate, towards
the State of Iowa, in turning out the sitting mem-
ber. He says thatifwevindicate the Constitution,
and remand the Senator to his constituents, we
shall thereby say to Iowa, " You do not know
what you are about; you do nof understand your
own affairs; you are not capable of construing
your own constitution and laws." That may
have been an argument worthy of "respectable
sophistry," but is it an argument reaching the
solemnity and importance of this question? On
what possible ease of contested election could
you not make this argument with the same pro-
priety? Whenever a State sends a man here
with a certificate, you might, with equal pro-
priety, say that to investigate his right would be
a disrespect to his State. You might say to us
that, if we investigated his right under the Con-
stitution, we were impeaching the action of that
State. I remember very well, a few years ago,
when my then gallant colleague, General Shields,
presented his certificate here, you did not restrain
your action by any such consideration as that it
would not be respectful to Illinois. You went
behind the certificate, you adjudged upon his
qualifications, and you turned liim out. Illinois
sent him back again, as I have no doubt Iowa
will send back the Senator from Iowa. He had
in the meantime become eligible to the place, and
occupied the seat with great honor to himself and^
usefulness to the State. So it has been in every
case where you have turned a man out. You
have had to say to the State, i( In this instance
you have exercised your right to elect a Senator
m violation of the Constitution of the United
States." • There can be no possible case in which
the same objection will not apply. If we are to
be restrained in this instance from the fearless
and faithful discharge of duty by motives of del-
icacy towards Iowa, we must exercise the same
motives of delicacy towards every other State,
and retain every man who finds himself seated
m one of our chairs, without inquiring by what
right, what law, what constitution, he obtained
that position.
Sir, I hold there is nothing disrespectful or
uncourteoustolowa—nothing unkind or uncour-'
teous to the Senator whose seat is contested, in
applying to him those rules which the Constitu-
tion has made it our duty to apply to every man
claiming a seat on this floor whose right to a seat
is denied. I believe I have never known a dis-
cussion. involving interests of this magnitude
conducted with more courtcsy und a greater
absence of partisan feelings and remarks than
have characterized this discussion. I feel not the
slightest personal interest as to whether the Sen-
ator shall remain or go back. If I have any im-
pression, I think I would rather trust him than
run the risk of getting a worse man in his place
if he went back; but that is a matter with which
I have nothing to do. If he were my colleague,
or my brother, or iny devoted friend, I should be
bound to apply to him the same rules that I
would apply under other circumstances. Per-
sonally, courteous relationship subsists between «
thf Senator from Iowa and myself. Politically,
we differ widely; but I do not believe he would
respect me as much as he does, be that great or
small, if I could be swerved from my sense of
duty and my sense of constitutional obligation by
any personal or political consideration.
Then, Mr. President, without detaining the
Senate longer, I must be permuted to remaik, that
the safer course would be to declare this election
void. I do not believe it has been held in con-
formity with the Constitution of the United
States. I do not believe it has been held in con-
formity with the constitution of Iowa, i know
it has been held in violation of nearly every sec-
tion of the law of Iowa, under which it is alleged
to have been held.
i\Ir. REID. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
nest.
