274
Mr. MIIXSON. Certainly it ought.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
An act (9. No. 147) for the relief of Edward
A. Stevens. [Objected to by Mr. Ready.]
A bill (H. R. No. 494) for the relief of Joseph
Nock. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter.]
An act (S. No. 288) to grant the right of pre-
emption in certain lands to the Indiana Yearly
Meeting of the Society of Friends. [Objected
to by Mr. Rufvin.]
A bill (H. R. No. 495) for the relief of George
D. Dousman, one of the securities for William
H. Bruce, late sub-Indian agent at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin. [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 496) for the relief of Abe-
lard Guthrie. [Objected to by Mr. Phelps.]
A bill (H. R. No. 497) for the relief of David
Watson. [Objected to by Mr. HumJston.]
A bill (H. R. No. 498) for the relief of Wil-
liam Pool.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to capse to be paid to William Pool, of Maine,
■whose name is now on the roll of invalid peft-
sions, eight dollars per month, instead of four
dollars per month, from 1st of January, 1856,
during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
house, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are three
or four cases next on the Calendar, being adverse
reports from the Court of Claims. I suggest that
they be passed by informally.
Mr. FAULKNER. There is one of these
cases—an adverse report in the case of Thomas
Phenix, jr.—from which I think the committee
ought to be discharged, and which should be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
think it ought to be set aside, with a view of
having it come before the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to them
all.
A bill (II. R. No. 449) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled " An act to provide compensa-
tion for the services of George Morell, in adjust-
ing titles to land in Michigan." [Objected to by
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 500) for the relief of Pollard
Brown, a soldier of the Revolution. [Objected
to bv Mr. Wai.biu ge.]
A'bill (H. R. No. 501) for the relief of John
T. Robertson. [Objected to by Mr. Todd.]
A bill (H. R. No. 502) for the relief of John
G. Camp.
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle the mileage accounts of John
G. Camp, late marshal for the middle district of
Florida, in the same manner as similar accounts
are now settled.
Mr. ORR objected.
Mr. MAXWELL asked the Clerk to read the
report.
The Cleric stated that there was no report at-
tached to the bill.
Mr. ORR withdrew his objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman who made the report in this
case, at what time Mr. Camp was marshal in
Florida, and whether he was settled with accord-
ing to the laws then in force?
Mr. MAXWELL. Mr. Camp was marshal
in Florida for two or three years previous to the
date when Florida was admitted as a State into
the Union. I hope the objection will be with-
drawn, and that the bill will be passed over in-
formally until the report can be found.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
bill.
A bill (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of R. T.
Birchett. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton.]
A bill (H. R. No. 504) for the relief of George
F. Baltzeil, assignee of James P. Roane.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will state that
I objected to the bill of the Senate (No. 260) for
the relief of J. Randolph Clay, under a misap-
prehension of the principle involved in it. I was
under the impression that it was for the difference
between the salary of minister and that ,of
charge, in the interval between the removal
and appointment of some other ministers; but I
understand it is for his salary as charge while
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
acting as charge during a portion of a year for
which no appropriation has been made. If there
be no objection, I will withdraw my objection.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLlN. I objected to the bill of
the House (No. 477) for the relief of Thom&s
Allcock, of Rochester, New York 
Mr. READY. I object to going back on the
Calendar. . .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman has the right at any time
during the sitting of the committee to withdraw
an objection made by him.
Mr. McMULLlN. Under that decision I
withdraw my objection to the bill alluded to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall interpose
no objection to the bill, but I object to the decision
of the Chair; and I give notice that I shall objsct
to the bill on that ground, when it comes before
the House.
The biU was laid aside to bo reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLlN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ready] did not ob-
ject to the bill of the House (No. 502) for the
l-elief of the legal representatives of John G.
Camp. The only objection was to going back
on the Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no report
in this case. I think it had better lie over until
an explanation can be made in reference to it.
Mr. MAXWELL. I hope no objection will
be made to'this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. COYODE. I wish to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin-,] to with-
draw his objection to Senate bill (No. 319) for
the relief of the heirs of Major General Arthur
St. Clair. This claim is under peculiar circum-
stances.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
more propositions to go back on the Calendar.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Etheridge reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had, accord-
ing to order, had the Private Calendar generally
under consideration, and had directed him to re-
port back sundry bills, some with and some with-
out amendment, with the recommendation that
they do pass.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that, by unanimous
consent, the House act in gross upon the bills
reported from the Committee of the Whole
House.
There was no objection.
Senate bills of the following titles (the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole having
been concurred in) were ordered to be read the
third time; and they were accordingly read the
third time, and passed:
A bill (No. 260) for the relief of J. Randolph
Clay;
An act. (No. 220) for the relief of Hannah F.
Niles; and
An act (No. 284) for the relief of the heirs-at-
law of Sarah Crandall, deceased.
House bills of the following titles, (the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole having
been concurred in,) were then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, they were accordingly read the third
time and passed:
A bill (No. 469) for the relief of Maria Burgher,
widow of Jeremiah Burgher, deceased, a revolu-
tionary soldier;
A bill (No. 470) for the relief of Letty Griggs,
widow of Simeon Griggs, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (No. 471) for the relief of the surviving
children of John Gilbert, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (No. 473) for the relief of Richard Phil-
lips;
A bill (No. 477) grantfng a pension to Thomas
AUcock, of Rochester, New York;
Abill(No. 480) for the relief of William Craig;
A bill (No. 481) for the relief of George W.
Whitten;
A bill (No. 483) for the relief of Edward Rum-
ery;
A bill (No. 485) for the relief of Cornelius H.
Latham;
A bill (No. 486) for the relief of Robert H.
Stevens;
A bill (No. 288) for the relief of Isaac P.
Washburne;
A bill (No. 487) for the relief of Henry Stew-
art;
A bill (No. 488) forthe relief of Isaac Langley;
A bill (No. 489) for the relief of Jonathan
Cilley;
A bill (No. 490) for the relief of Roxanna
Kimball;
A bill (No. 498) for the relief of William Pool;
and
A bill (No. 504) for the relief of George F.
Baltzeil, assignee of James P. Roan.
CORRUPTION—QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to what
I hold to be a question of privilege; and, as the
basis of a resolution I propose to offer, I send to
the Clerk's desk an editorial article of the New
York Times of Tuesday, January 6, in order
that it may be read to the House.
The Clerk read the article, as follows:
" Piracies of the Washington Lobby—The Land
Robberies.—It will be seen by our Washington letter this
moinmg that a new and magnificent land stealing scheme
is about to be brought upon the carpet in the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and if a thorough combination of all the
wicked influences which surround and comiptthe judg-
ment of Congress m these evil days shall piove stronger
than common sense and honesty, we may soon be called
upon to announce that the Tei ritory of Minnesota has been
delivered up almost without lesetve to various bands of
speculators, whose practices in obtaining the^e grants
afford the unrest proof that the interests or that \ast and
prosperous region ought not to be intrusted to their hands.
« Did this project rest for success upon the unbiased
action of Congress in the exeicise of its mature and honest
judgment, there would be no danger of Us adoption. But
it does not rely upon us merits. On the contrary, its de-
merits are confessed in the extraordinary and shameless
influences by means of which it ^eeks to succeed. .Every
robber who*m the guise of a lobby agent levies ti.bute
upon measures before Congress as the price of his forbear-
ance from assault, is up to his eyes in tins scheme ; and,
unless rumor, confirmed by a hundred acts winch 4 speak
louder than words,' is false, the Minnesota land bill num-
bers among its supporters who are to profit by its success,
at least thirty, and probably forty, members of the House
of Representatives. This seems a bold charge to make ;
and the honest reader may incline to ask why, if these
things are so, the guilty parties are not CApo&ed and pun-
ished ?
" Unfortunately these horrible abuses are difficult to
reach through ordinary channels. The unprincipled crea-
tures who use Congress to pick pockets fur them, belong
to a shrewder school of rogues than do those who pick
pockets on the street. They stand high m the commu-
nity. The term ' honorable3 prefixes their names wherever
spoken or read—and the glare of their position tend* some-
what to obscure their crime. They plan thor villainies
with great caution to prevent detection. Their bribes are
seldom paid direct to the parties wjiose vote* are bought.
Some outsider—an ex-member of Congress, foi instance,
who uses his privilege of the floor to prosecute his new
calling as the head of the black-mail banditti—makes all
the bargains, tips the wink to his marked, priced, and labeled
merchandise, sitting in members' seats, receives the money,
and distributes the spoil. A committee of investigation is
always foiled in its eliorts to get at the truth—for the man
who consents to receive pay for hi? vote, will certainly lie
to conceal his crime, and the ex-member who organizes
and controls the banditti will not hesitate even at "perjury
to protect his band, and save from utter destruction .1 busi-
ness for which he has bartered away his self-respect, and
periled all that is worthy 111 life.
" There is but one way in which the evil can be reached
and cuied, and that is through the press. For this purpose
the evidences are ample. The testimony possibly may not
be of the character which a court of law would admit,
where grand scoundrels obtain shrewd lawyers to plead
wickedness as the evidence of insanity; vet wc have no
fear but that we can present evidences sufficient to carry
i moral conviction to evciy honest heart, and thus bring the •
! power of public sentiment to drive the criminals from the
j high places whose trusts they Jmve dishonored. Wc know
j that a corrupt organization of Members of Congress and
j certain lobby agent* at Washington has existed sirue early i&
I the session of last year. We are well satisfied that this
' organization holds the balance of power in its hand s sufficient 9 .
| in'most cases, to kill or carry any measure pending m the
; House of Representatives, and that its power has been
i exerted in favor of measures where its price ($1,000 per
: vote generally, or its equivalent) wa< agreed to; and that it
! has been used to prevent favorable action on equally mcr-
; itorious measures which Were unable or unwilling to submit
: to the pnatical tribute.
! u This organization is confined to no party, but embraces
! members of them all—for it is a sineularnnd notorious met,
1 that while patriotism cannot rise above partisan eonsidcra-
i Hons, villainy can. There are many of thOM> eoniicctea
S with it, we do not doubt, who have been brought into it ny
■ the devices of others, and without any full conviction ou
: their own minds o( its reifl character, But of its
\ and its power over legislation, there can be as little
j as there is of its turpitude, and of the duty of the pumic.
I press to expose it to the knowledge and condemnation 01
! the country
