1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
member upon this floor, and during this Congress,
after such an example as that. I stated that I did
not announce the member's name at the time,
because I believed it would be a fruitless task.
Some members have intimated that it may be
that 1 did not hear the matter correctly; but 1 am
sure that I did, and I have fortunately a depos-
itary in the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Sneed.J to whom I confided my own feelings and
opinions within a few minutes after the occur-
rence took place. I went to him for the purpose
of consultation upon the subject, and I intended
to bring this thing out at the proper time, when
the Minnesota bill should come up for considera-
tion The corruption was connected with that
bill, and I should have exposed it in that connec-
tion; but as the subject generally was before the
House, I thought this the proper time to expose
it, because I did not think there should be such
a volume of indignation against the New York
Times, when there was some ground for the
accusations contained therein.
Mr. SNEED. I desired to obtain the floor,
and made two or three efforts to do so, deeming
it my duty under the circumstances. I desired
to object to either of the amendments which have
been offered, transferring the responsibility of
the investigation, which I think ought to be made,
from the basis assumed by the gentleman from
New York, to a member of this House, upon a
statement made by that member m debate. I
deny the right or the propriety of this House so
to act in regard 'to a subject-matter of debate by
a member here. I know it was n.ot the intention
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Paine,] from the time this transaction took place
in which he was unwillingly and unfortunately
involved, to have taken this course, and to have
assumed the responsibility of an affirmation of
corruption upon a fellow-member, and a negation
of U by that member, thus being placed in the
category in which a member was placed at an
early period in this Congress.
On the 23d of December last, the gentleman
from North Carolina came to my seat and con-
fided to me, in substance, what he has to-day
stated to the House, asking my advice as to the
course he should pursue. I instantly referred
him to the case which had occurred at the com-
mencement of this Congress, and without know-
ing what had been his course upon the proposi-
tion when it was made, I told him at once that,
in my judgment, he was not bound by granting
confidence to the communication which was pro-
posed to him. He first told me that a member
had come to his seat, and asked if he might have
his confidence, and that he had granted it, not
supposing that anything improper would be pro-
posed.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to correct the statement.
The member called me to his seat.
Mr. SNEED. That is of no consequence. It
is an unimportant matter. I told him that, with-
out compromittmg my own honor, I would not
so repel the racmber as to prevent obtaining con-
firmatory evidence of the corrupt proposition;
that 1 would awaittheobtamingof such evidence,
and that I would then expose the member.
I said to him furthermore, that if no confirm-
atory evidence was obtained, and it was my case,
I would slap the scoundrel in the face. And, sir, !
the member from North Carolina left me with j
the impression that that would be the course he |
would adopt in the emergency which had taken
place. I then sat down at my desk and made a j
written statement of the communication which had j
then taken place between myself and the gentle- |
man from North Carolina, because I knew, from !
the manner in which he spoke, that that was not I
the end of the transaction.. It is that written j
statement which now enables me to give the date i
as the 23d of December. [" Read the statement."] ]
No, I will not read it, because it is not necessary ;
to do so. It is merely a memorandum of the j
communication made to me.
I say it would now be unjust to the gentleman i
from North Carolina to transfer the responsibility j
of the investigation to him, and thereby make i
him adopt the course which it was not his iuten- j
tion to adopt, upon a communication made by i
him to the House, which he could not, as an hon-
orable roan, have failed to make, under the reso- !
lution offered by the gentleman from New York?]
Mr, ORR. The gentleman "will allow me to
say one word in this connection. It was not my
purpose to throw any responsibility on the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. 1 desired to see
the amendment incorporated with a view of
pointing the committee to the precise matters
charged. That was the object.
Mr. SNEED. I trust that both these amend-
ments will be withdrawn. Let the investigation
take place; let the facts be given in evidence
before the committee, and presented to the House
in a tangible form. *
Mr. BROOKS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STANTON. It is perfectly apparent that
there can be but one result to this debate; and 1
can see no good that can arise from protracting
it. After what has taken place, there certainly
can be no doubt about the House ordering this
investigation. With a view, therefore, of bring-
ing the thing to a close, I move the previous
question.
Mr. SNEED. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. STANTON declined.
Mr. SNEED. Then Jet us vote down the
amendment.
Mr. READY. I hai^e an amendment to offer;
and I hope the gentleman will withdraw the call
for one moment.
Mr. STANTON still declined to withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. READY. May I state the amendment
which I desire to offer? I think the resolution is
too indefinite.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order unless the
gentleman from Ohio withdraws the call for the
previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I will hear the gentleman's
suggestion.
Mr. READY. I think the name of the news-
paper—the New Yoik Times—ought to be in-
serted in the resolution. The reading of the
resolution will show that it is indefinite. The
committee that may be appointed under it will
not know to what to direct their investigation.
If the paper be named in the resolution, that will
point it out.
Mr. STANTON. The modification can be
done by unanimous consent.
'Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to it.
Let the resolution be general.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire that my
colleague will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STANTON declined to do so.
The previous question was seconded; and tlie
main question ordered.
The question was first taken on Mr. Campbell's
amendment to the preamble of the resolution; and
on a division it was agreed to—ayes one hundred
and three, noes not counted.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] can modify his resolution.
It refers to measures now pending, and of course
that restricts the examination of witnesses.
The SPEAKER. It can be modified only by
general consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire to make a sug-
gestion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer an amendment. 1
ask that it may be read for information.
Objection was made.
The question was put; and the resolution, as
amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE I ask the consent of the
House now to submit the following amendment:
And whether any member of this House has sold or spec-
ulated m the books ordered to be published fop distribution.
The SPEAKER. It can be received only by
general consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act
to authorize the Postmaster General to execute a
contract with Messrs. Garman, Wigle, and Ben-
ford, for carrying the mail from Cumberland,
Maryland, to Greensburg, Pennsylvania.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE.
of Illinois, (at ten minutes past four o'clock, p
m.,) the House adjourned till to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 10, 1S57.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo. •
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen members of the Committee of Investigation
ordered by Mr. Kelsey's resolution of yester-
day: Messrs. Kelsey, Orh, Davis of Maryland,
Ritchie, and Warner.
DELEGATE FROM KANSAS TERRITORY.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of privilege.
I have had in my possession for several weeks a
petition from some one thousand five hundred
citizens of Kansas, remonstrating against the
admission of John W. Whitfield to a seat as
Delegate from that Territory. I was informed
that a large number of petitions of a like character
were on their way here. I waited, therefore', till
all should be received before presenting them. I
have not received any additional number, and t
present this petition, with the "petition of Andrew
H. Reeder, setting forth his reasons for contest-
ing the seat of John W. Whitfield. I ask that
the petition, which is short, be read,and referred
to the Committee of Elections.
Several Members objected.
Mr. GROW. Then I move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. LAKE, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill for
the relief of Jesse Haynes; which was read a
first and second titne, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, and in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced a bill amending the several acts granting
Navy pensions to widows of officers, seamen,
and marines; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. KELLY. I ask leave to introduce a bill
for reference only.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I believe the senior
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] on Mon-
day last, introduced' a resolution which was
adopted, making Friday objection clay. I wish
now to propose a similar resolution in relation to
this day, that in Committee of the Whole the
private Calendar may be considered as on objec-
tion day.
Mr. TODD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hold in
my hand the petition of a number of citizens of
the State of Iowa, charging the commission of
certain acts in relation to a grant of land to that
State. I ask that the petition may be read by
the Clerk, that the House may know the facts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object".
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
that this is private bill day, and 1 will make a
motion in order. I move to terminate general
debate on thefustbill on the Private Calendar in
five minutes after the Committee of the Whole
shall resume the consideration of the same.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the com-
mittee had that bill under consideration ?
Mr. WA.SHBUUNE„ of Illinois. It has been
under consideration ever since it was placed on
the Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Journals will be ex-
amined to ascertain whether the bill has been
considered in committee.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then called the standingcom-
mittees of the House for reports of private busi-
ness. _ .
Mr KNOWLTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
of William Easbv, deceased; whielf was read a
