1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$79
Mr "WELCH, from the same committee,
reported the following bills; which were severally-
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of R. W. Caulk; and
A bill for the relief of Daniel Drain.
Mr. BROOM, from the same committee, re-
ported the following bills; which Were severally
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, together with
the reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Reuben J. Champion,
only child and heir of Reuben and Rhoda Cham-
pion ;
A bill for the relief of Jane Vreeland;
A bill to provide an increased pension to Peter
Van Buskirk, of Washington city, in the District
of Columbia; and .
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
York.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on ln:
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Elmira White, widow of Captain Thomas R.
White; which was read a first and second tune,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I no w move
that all debate ry3on the bill of the House (No.
300) for the relief of Joshua Knowles, Jr., and
others, owners of the schooner Garnet, of Truro,
bo closed in five minutes after the House shall
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
that bill has not been considered at all in com-
mittee; and therefore, according to the rules of
the House, the motion is not in order.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Grow in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bills and reports
upon the Private Calendar, in their regular order.
JOSHUA KNOWLES, JR., AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 300) for the relief of Joshua
Knowles, Jr., and others, owners of the schooner
Garnet, of Truro.
The bill authorizes the collector of the customs
for the district of Barnstable, in Massachusetts,
to pay to Joshua Knowles, Jr., managing owner
of the schooner Garnet, of Truro-, and to the
persons composing her late crew, or their heirs,
such allowance, to be distributed according to
law, as they would have been entitled to receive
had the schooner completed her fishing term and
returned into port; provided it shall be proved, to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that the provisions of law relating to fishing
bounties, other than such as require the actual
employment of the vessel at sea for a term or
terms of time, shall have been complied with.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that Joshua Knowles, Jr., was master and man-
aging owner of the fishing schooner Gainet, of
Truro, in the district of Barnstable, Massachu-
setts, of the burden of sixty-five tons and sixty-
three ninety-fifths; that the vessel was duly
licensed for the codfishery, July 2, 1841, and
regularly fitted out and supplied with every arti-
cle necessary for a fishing voyage, with a crew
of ten persons; that the schooner sailed from the
port of Weelfleet on the 5th day of July, 1841,
and continued at sea, in the prosecution of the
fishing business, until October following, when
she was w recked and totally lost in the memor-
able gale or hurricane of the 3d and 4th of that
month. The crew were rescued by the ship
Roscius, and landed in New York, saving noth-
ing but their sea-clothes, having been employed
two months and twenty-eight days at sea in
fishing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move
that the bill be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that*ltdo pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 should like to hear the
ground on which the passage of that bill is asked.
There is a general law in relation to these fishing-
bounties, and that law should not be violated.
These fishing vessels should be required to com-
ply with the general law. I, for one, am not
willing that Congress should be continually an-
noyed and harassed by this sort of legislation.
I am opposed to the fishing bounty law entirely;
but if you mean to have a general law, I beg the
committee to comply with that general law, or
wipe it from the statute-book. I should like the
Committee on Commerce to give the House some
reason why this bill, in violation of the general
law, should pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The facts
are stated very fully in the report that has just
been read from the Clerk's table, and I think
they should satisfy my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullin.] I know no other facts con-
nected with the case. It comes within the rule
which Congress adopted in a great number of
cases where relief has been given. In one of
these cases, three or four weeks ago, the whole
subject was gone into fully, and the House de-
cided the question in reference to" this class of
cases. I would therefore move that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of enabling me to
offer a resolution to close debate in five minutes
after the House shall again resolve itself into
committee.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois one question.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on that motion
is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. We know all about this
thing; and the debate will not occupy five min-
utes. I trust, therefore, the motion to rise will
be voted down. •
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like, as I cannot
ask a question of the gentleman from Illinois, to
ask one of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. With the consent of the
committee, the question may be asked of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like to know
from the Chair if any portion of this vessel or
cargo was insured '
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot answer
the question.
Mr. McMULLIN. The Chair can ask the
gentleman from Illinois that question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated to the
gentleman from Virginia, that if there were no
objection by the committee, the Chair would
raise none.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have heard none. Will
the gentleman from Illinois answer this question ?
Was the vessel or any portion of the cargo in-
sured ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
question I cannot answer.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then the gentleman should
withdraw his motion that the committee rise until
we can ascertain this and other matters which
we ought to understand before passing this bill.
Mr. Washburne's motion was not agreed to;
and the committee refused to rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. This subject of fishing
bounties in its application to bills of this char-
acter was fully debated the other day, and after
full debate, the committee passed a bill precisely
analogous to this. The one now under consider-
ation is, if anything, a better case than that, the
vessel having more nearly completed the time of
four months prescribed m the general law.
The question now being on laying aside the
bill to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it pass,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Chaffee were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 72, noes 05.
So the bill was laid aside.
FISHING BOUNTIES AGAIN.
An act (S.No. 140) for the relief of the owners
of the fishing schooners Brandywine, Forrester,
Grampus, Ursula, Stephen C. Phillips, and
Union.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the owners of the 'several schooners
hereinafter mentioned the following sums respect-
ively, as fishing bounty: To the owners of the
| schooner Brandywine, of Frankfort, Maine,
I $331 24, as bounty for 1852; to tile owners of the
schooner Forrester, of Boothbay, Maine, $162 40,
| as bounty for 1851; to the owners of the schooner
I Grampus, of Boo thbav, Maine, $153 60,as bounty
for 18.51", to the owners of the schooner Ursula,
of Cohasset, Massachusetts, $300, as bounty for
1851; to the owners of-the schooner Stephen C.
Phillips, of Southport, Maine, $294 10, as bounty
for 1851; to the owners of the schooner Union,
of Brooklin and Sedgwick, Maine, $155 32, as
bounty for 1852.
It appears that the schooner Brandywine, of
eighty-two and seventy-seven ninety-fifths tons
burden, owned by Jacob Carlton and others, of
Frankfort, Maine, was licensed and in every
respect fitted out as the law requires for a fishing
cruise. She sailed July 24, 1852, and continued
in said business until the 15th of October follow-
ing, when she was stranded on Cape Breton
Island, and totally lost, with her outfit and fish.
The schooner Forrester, of forty-five and fifty-
seven ninety-fifths tons burden, owned by Allen
Lewis, of Boothbay, Maine, was duly enrolled,
licensed, and fitted in every respcct, in the dis-
trict of Wiscasset, in the State aforesaid, and
sailed February 27, 1851, for a fishing voyage;
but nothing has been heard of the crew or vessel
since. It is believed that said vessel and all her
crew were lost in some of the heavy gales to
which our fishing vessels were exposed during
that season.
In the case ofthe schooner Grampus it appears,
from the evidence, that she was owned by Ezekiel
Holbrook, of Boothbay, Maine; that her burden
was thirty-eight and thirty-eight ninety-fifths
tons; that she was duly licensed, manned, fitted
out, and sailed from the port of Wiscasset,
Maine, for the cod-fishing ground on the 9th of
April, 1851, since which time no tidings have
been received of either vessel or crew. She is
supposed to have been lost in a gale about the
20th of July following.
In the case of the Ursula it appears that James
C. Dean, of Cohasset, Massachusetts, was owner;
that she was seventy-five tons burden; that she
sailed from Boston on the 21st of May, 1851, to
the Straits of Belleisle, licensed, and legally fitted
out for the fisheries. On the 27 th of August fol-
lowing, having completed her cargo, she received
such damages in a gale as to be adjudged unsea-
worthy, and was abandoned; her cargo of fi !l,
amounting to sixty-five thousand, was shipped
on board of the schooners Henda and Redwing,
of Castine, Maine, where the schooners arrived,
with the crew of the said Ursula, on the 27th and
30th of September following, respectively, and
landed said cargo, having been four months and
six days on said voyage.
In case of the schooner Stephen C. Phillips,
John Cameron and others represent that they
were owners; that she was seventy-three and
fifty ninety-fifths tons burden; that said vessel
was duly enrolled and licensed for the cod fish-
eries at the port of Wiscasset, Maine5on the 31st
of March, 1851; that on the 9th of April follow-
ing she sailed for the fisheries, duly equipped and
fitted out; that on the 2d day of June following
she returned home with four hundred and four
and one half quintals of codfish; that on the 12th
of said month she again sailed on her second fare,
! fully equipped as before, and after having taken
! twenty-one thousand six hundred bank fish, on
i the 20th of July following she was, with her
cargo, totally wrecked and" lost in a heavy blow
and thick weather on the island of Cape Sablt
the crew saved and getting home as best they
could.
j In case of the schooner Union it appears that
| Asa Turner and David R. Carlton, of Brookhn,
i Maine, were owners; that she was of the burden
' of thirty-eight and seventy-nine ninety-fifths tons;
| that she complied with all the requisitions of law,
and sailed for the Western Banks April 28,1852,
! and entered upon the fishing business, completed
] i her first fare of one hundred and thirty-five quin-
tals of fis'h, and returned to Sedgwick, Maine, on
:: the 17th of June following, and discharged her
■ cargo. She was again refitted as before, sailed
I' on the 25th of said mouth for the Gulf of ot.
i! Lawrence, and reentered the fisheries; had taken
>; about seventy-fjve quintals when, on the 4(ltli ot
j, July following, she was seized by the British
|! cutter Telegraph, and aarriedmto Charlottetown,
|: Prince Edward's Island; and, after being dt^tai nod
i seventy-three days, was sold at auction by the
j: British authorit.es, bid >n by the owners, and
| j reentered upon the fishing business, but was ship-
!' wrecked oil the 23d of October, m the year afore-
