280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
said. Said schooner was engaged in fishing one
hundred and eleven days, being deficient but nine
days of the full time which would have entitled
her to bounty. .
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, the com-
mittee will perceive that this is what may be
called properly an omnibus fishing-bounty bill.
Yet, after- the vote taken just now on a similar
bill, I am not disposed to throw any difficulty in
the way of granting fishing bounties indiscrim-
inately to all vessels which have not complied
with the general law. I acquiesce, however,
■with my strong protest against it; and my pres-
ent purpose in rising is only to give notice that,
on Monday next, I shall endeavor to have intro-
duced a joint resolution to repeal that general
law. It is worse than idle to have such a law
upon the statute-book if we constantly legislate
innovations on it. Still, it would seem from the
action of the committee this rooming, and its
previous action, that it does not matter whether
or not the fishing vessel has complied with the
law. All the owners have to do is to come to
Congress, and make out a sort of showing of a
case, and they are paid bounty just as though
they had fully complied with every provision of I
the law. I
I hope gentlemen composing this Congress will
do one of two things: either pass indiscrim-
inately all these applications, or repeal the gen-
eral law. It is a perfect mockery to have a gen-
• eral law on your statute-book, and have it un-
ceasingly disregarded. For myself, I think the
day has gone by when it is necessary to have a
fishing-bounty law. When this general law was
passed, there was doubtless some cause for it;
but there exists none now. Such is the charac-
ter and energy of American citizens, that, let
them know where they can catch fish and make
money, and they will engage in that business
without this bounty. The enactors of the ori-
ginal bounty law were no doubt of the opinion
that the vessels should be engaged four months
in this fishery business before they should be
entitled to bounty under the law. In this day,
however, it seems to be the opinion that it does
not matter whether a vessel was four, or three,
or two, or even one month in the business. I
think the practice is wrong, but I will not throw
difficulties in the way of the legislation proposed ;
at this time, because I see an evident mamfesta- !
tion on the part of the committee of an intention :
to pass these bills. I only desire to give notice i
that I shall, on Monday next, introduce a resolu- [
tion to repeal the general law. I hope that the :
House will then favor the proposition which,
under the circumstances, I deem so just and
advisable.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has chosen to reflect on the conclusions, or
the motives which led to conclusions, on the part
of members in the votes already taken in this
matter.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the gentleman will par-
don me, I have not intended to reflect on the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, or any other gentle-
man  f this committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. So far as I un-
derstand this question, the general fishing-bonnty
law is not at all involved in it. I listened atten-
tively to the debate that occurred a week or so
ago on a case similar to this, and I acknowledge
now that I was not convinced until after the de- ^
bate had been fully entered into. I then arrived ;
at the conclusion of the justice of such bills, be- i!
cause there must be exceptions to every general
rule. I do not admit there is perfection in any !
general law, or in any human law. Why, sir, ,1
even the Divine law is not regarded as perfect, u
[Laughter.] We find, sir, upon this floor gen-.j
tiemen with white cravats who expound the re- j lation of the principles of the bill under which the
vealed law of God differently. I do not assume ;] claim is made; I think such action is in violation
perfection for myself, lior do I agree that others j of the policy of this country; and I think the ap-
are entitled to assume it for themselves. I im- •! propnations which are called for will be made in
agine that the gentleman from Virginia does not j violation of the common right of all persons inter-
urge that this body is perfect in all of its legisla- ! ested in property afloat, and who should share
regard to a law enacted by a body like this. Wow
I do not intend to bear false witness against my
neighbor; I only want to adduce reasons why a
general law cannot be applied to' all changes in
human affairs. I will detain the committee no
longer, for I imagine the minds of all are made up.
I only desire to say to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that he should speak within doors—that so
far as his individual opinions are concerned, they
belong to him; but so far as my individual opin-
ions are concerned, and also my actions upon this
floor, they belong to my constituents, and are
subject to the judgment of a healthy public opin-
ion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. TAYLOR. The question before the House
is one of considerable importance, and I take the
liberty now to call the attention of members to
the subject, in order that we may, when we act
upon this bill, decide properly and with a settled
purpose.
It is well known to all the members of this
House, that very soon after the establishment of
this Government a particular policy was adopted
for the encouragement of a nursery for seamen.
It is known to all that extraordinary provisions
were adopted for the purpose of favoring a par-
ticular class of individuals with a view to that
object. Those provisions gave peculiar advan-
tages to one class of American citizens. Now we
are called upon to act upon a'special case, upon
the application of individuals who propose to
bring themselves within those acts, when it is
shown to the committee that they have not com-
plied with the rules established by the legislation
of the country.
It is said—and the compassion of members is
invoked in favor of the suffering relatives of those
who are lost by the perils of the sea—that these
persons perhaps were induced to take the course
they did by the policy of the Government, and
thereby have fallen victims to the elements.
Now, let us admit for one moment that that is
true; let us admit for a moment that the owners
of these vessels have suffered a loss of their
property; let us go further,and suppose that the
crews of those vessels have fallen victims, and
been engulfed in the sea; suppose all that to be
true: what is the question presented to this House?
It is nothing more or less than this: Shall the
Congress of the United States, out of moneys
received into the Treasury, disburse sums for
the purpose of relieving the distresses of this
class of individuals who have suffered by an act
of God ?
Mr. Chairman, all men who go down to the
sea in ships incur the same perils. If the prin-
ciple of the bill now before the House be recog-
nized as a proper principle upon which to base
the action of this House, it is one which would
give equal claims to the owner of every ship, and
to the relatives of every crew that go forth upon
the sea and fall victims to the war of the elements.
If we adopt such a policy, instead of giving effect
to the act which was passed in the eaily history
of this country, for the purpose of giving effect to
a particular policy, and for the purpose of-'pro-
ducing a particular result, we ignore those pro-
visions; we acknowledge that the object aimed
at was not one to be accomplished; and we take
upon ourselves the character of insurers against
the perils of the sea in favor of one class of our
fellow-citizens who have no more claim upon the
bounty of Congress, or upon the justice of the
American people, than all other persons inter-
ested in sea-going vessels or navigators who are
now floating upon the ocean.
For my own part, I think such action is a vio-
tion and proceedings. If he does, what was de-
veloped yesterday shows that he travels far out
of the record. [Laughter.] ;
Mr. McMULLIN. I know that if I asked for ,
perfection 1 should ask for what I would not get. \
Air. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; and there being 1
equally in the beftefactions of the Government
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. It is not my
purpose to occupy the attention of this House at
any length, lior to go over the arguments pre-
sented ill the debate which oceumd a few days   
. . . . o ago in a similar case. Least ot all do I intend to ] ; national vessels, and a definite proportion of
such aifiereiice in regard to the Divine law, it is inflict a speech; but the positionsof the gentleman jt American seamen, too, must be included in th©
not surprising that there should be differences in i from Louisiana, as well as those taken by the !■ complement. You must, therefore, have sailors,
gentleman from Virginia who opened this debate,
seem to me to so little founded in reason that
this House ought not to be governed by that
class of opinions. It would be a very easy matter
to kill all similar appropriations designed to
supply imperfections in the laws, in their opera-
tion on individual interests, by representing them
as designed to cause the Government to insure
property against the rage of the elements and the
acts of God. All language of the kind involving
such ideas, if it means anything at all, is irrele-
vant to the matter in issue. If is equally irrele-
vant to assume that the cases of these shipwrecked
fishermen are identical with those of other vessels
which are employed in the commercial business
of the country which may meet with disaster.
Nor can I perceive how the system of the policy
of fishing bounties can be legitimately drawn into
this discussion. This subject may be properly
discussed when the gentleman from Virginia
shall bring in his bill, of which he has given
notice this morning, to repeal the bounty laws.
The question before us is as to what is proper
to be done under the existing laws; and the policy
represented by those laws is to be referred to
in ascertaining their true meaning and scope.
Some misunderstanding seems to exist on this
point. The fishing bounty was adopted as the
policy of the Government chiefty to secure a par-
ticular object. The general commercial marine
transacts its business in view of the usual and
legitimate inducements of all commercial transac-
tions. But the Government has seen fit, for
weighty and sufficient reasons, to grant a bounty
to a particular class of vessels, in order that cer-
tain results might be secured, by which the Gov-
ernment itself may be directly benefited. The prin-
cipal reason of this bounty was to offer induce-
ments to young men to enter on a seafaring life,
so that the commercial marine and the naval ser-
vice of the United States might be provided with
men who were early accustomed to the discipline
and hardships of the sea. Without going into
details, (and there are plenty of them,) it may be
shown that, owing to the fostering influence of
this policy, we have been able to raise up a class
of seamen for the merchant service, distinguished
above that of all other nations, and who have
reflected honor upon their country's flag in the
naval service of the United States.
I take it, sir, that a law is to be interpreted by
its intention wiien that intention can be clearly
ascertained on its face, or by rccord, or by collat-
eral circumstances. It will not be denied by this
House that'the intention of the bounty law was
to secure, principally, a nursery and school for
seamen, nor that its effects have been conform-
able to this intention. I beg further to say, that
this is an object now desired to be secured by the
Government, and that there is as much necessity
for it now as heretofore. I might go further, and
say, that in the maritime districts, and in the
| great ports along the coast, it is by no means an
! easy matter, even at the present time, to obtain
I the requisite number of seamen which commerce
; demands. In cases of emergency, or on a sudden
1 alarm, it might perhaps be impossibl; to procure
j the proper number of American seamen which
i are required by the naval service. Wliiie you are
j increasing your Navy, building new vessels of
1 war, and preparing for contingencies which may
; occur, it may happen again, as in times past, that
■ your ships of the Ime and frigates may be lying
i in the ports of New Yoik, or Norfolk, or Boston,
or Pensacola, with their pennants flying in the
j wind, jiving notice to all around that they are m
! need of hands. They may find it impossible for
i weeks, and sometimes for months, to get their
j legal complement of men, and these magnificent
• structures, the pride of the ocean, must he, as it
| were, in ordinary, because they cannot procure
; sufficient hands to enable them to go to sea.
; On a recent occasion, it will be remembered,
when a proposition was made to build some ten
vessels of war, one of the objections to the meas-
ure was that we might not be able to get seamen
enough to man them; and that it might happen
that thuy might have to remain at their moorings
for long periods before they could be rendered
effective. Landsmen and green hands cannot
gaily be enlisted beyond a certain limit in
