1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2@g
■move to insert, after the word " owners,"in the
first clause of the bill, the words:
Master and crew of the said vessel, to be distributed in
tbe proportion in which said bounty would have been dis-
tributed if the said vessel had made such a cruise as would
have entitled it to bounty.
And then I offer the same amendment to come
in after the word " owners," in each of the other
clauses of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand the amend-
ment is accepted.
Mr. PHELPS. There must be a vote upon
the amendment, for it is not in the power of the
member from Illinois to accept it.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say a
very few words upon this question. I wish the
committee to understand that the policy of en-
couraging these fisheries, which has been so fre-
quently adverted toin this debate, as a nursery or
school for seamen, is a policy which is embraced
in two acts which were maturely and carefully
.considered by our predecessors. I wish the com-
mittee distinctly to understand that these acts
are not included within that policy, because, if
they were, they would not be under the necessity
of coming here and asking these special acts.
The general policy is earned out at the Treasury
Department, where, when a case occurs within
the policy of the law, the bounties are paid by
the accounting officers of the Treasury.
But these cases are outside of the policy to
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania referred.
They are not within the matured and wcll-con-
eidered policy of Congress in former days. And
• the question is, should we countenance a system
which is growing upon us here, of interfering
with the settled established policy of the country
by special enactments? Why is it now, for in-
stance, that this bill, embracing five several and
distinct cases, should be necessary to-be brought
before us? It is because they are not within the
policy. They are cases in which the vessels are
presumed—a portion of them—to have been lost
at sea, or to have been—a portion of them—cast
away on their returning to port. Why is it that
a vessel lost at sea is not within the policy em-
braced by the allowance of these fishing bounties?
It is because that against such dangers and against
such acts there is ample provision to be made by
effecting an insurance in the insurance offices of
the country. The object of this bounty law was
to create a nursery for seamen. It was for that
reason that four months were required, and not
fourdaysorany shorterperiod. It was supposed
by t,he policy of these acts, that a vessel at sea
for four months would necessarily be a nursery
in which some, knowledge of seamanship might
be acquired. When, therefore, they make a
. shorter trip than four months, they are not within
the policy of the law, because it requires such a
period of time in order to give assurance, at least,
that those engaged in it had some knowledge of
the seamanship which it was designed to foster.
When, therefore, I say, these vessels are lost at
sea, the original act never thought for an instant
that they were within the proper policy to be fos-
tered by this Government, inasmuch as the very
object of creating a school or nursery for seamen
was defeated. So far as the property interests of
the vessels were concerned, they could be guarded
against by the insurance which could be effected.
I advert to these things because the committee
cannot fail to' see that we are devoting no little
portion of our time to the consideration of these
exceptional cases not within the policy of the
law; and the argument is altogether fallacious and
unsound which assumes that any portion of the
public policy of the country is embraced in these
private and individual cases. It is for that reason
that I am against them. Whatever may be the
propriety of the original policy of the country,
these cases are not within that policy. So far as
relates to these vessels which are presumed to
have been lost at sea, how do the gentlemen
know that they were lost? It may be, if a fraud
•were contemplated, that they were carried into
the neighboring provinces of the British Empire,
and there sold. It is perfectly feasible—perfectly
practicable. They might go off to a foreign port,
and sell the vessel and cargo; and then, after the
lapse of time—those concerned in the inquiry
not caring anything about it—might prefer such
a claim as is embraced in this very bill. I know
gentlemen will say that that is not likely, but
we know very well the frauds that are daily per-
petrated on this House, to guard against which
requires the utmost diligence. I say, then, let
the policy be respected which has been adopted
by our forefathers. Let us adhere to that policy
if you please, but do not destroy the policy by
making exceptions to it, and thus creating the
exceptions as the policy. I hope we shall have
some rule to go by, and not continually have
these individual cases thrust upon our attention.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to make a single
remark. In referring to the perfectness of the
Divine law, I did not intend to express an opinion
that it was not perfect. I said, or meant to say,
that there were different expositions of the Divine
law 
The CHAIRMAN. That subject is not be-
fore the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not wish the impres-
sion to go out that I said the Divine law was not
perfect, for I think that such a declaration would
be an assumption of knowledge which I would
not be justified in making.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do pass—
Mr. McMULLlN. I hope the committee will
vote down the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] and allow the bill to
be laid aside, for the purpose of having this whole
matter investigated by the general law.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Broom were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 61.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
ADVERSE REPORTS FROM THE COURT OF
CLAIMS.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 4) in the case of
Robert Roberts.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the report be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that the decision of the Court of
Claims be affirmed. I think that is the proper
order for the House to take in relation to these
adverse reports. "
Mr. "VVAKEMAN. I move that the case be
passed over for the present.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Would it be in
order to move that the case be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do not
pass -
The CHAIRMAN That motion would not
be in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The motion of the
gentleman from New York will perhaps accom-
plish the object; but the committee should under-
stand distinctly that the effect of the motion will
be to declare that the dtcision of the Court of
Claims is to be treated as prima facie correct.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that there is no bill before the
| committee on which to act. The motion of the
gentleman from New York is, that the adverse
report of the Court of Claims be affirmed.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New Yorkthat he include all the
i adverse reports in his motion.
I Mr.HAVEN. Iwouldsuggest,ifthecommittee
will permit me, that I think we should treat these
cases individually. I understand that there are
some of these cases which gentlemen wish to argue;
but I for one will not vote to overrule the decision
of the court unless they make out a very strong
case. The law applicable to these adverse reports
is this:
"Sec. 9. Jlnd, be it further enacted, That the claims re-
ported upon adversely shall be placed upon the Calendar
when reported, and if the dccwon of said court shall be
confirmed l)j Congress, said deci.-ion shall be conclusivej
and the said eouit shall not at any subsequent period con-
sider said claims unlesb such reasons shall be piesented to
said court, as by the inles of common law, or chanceiy in
smls between individuals, would turmsh sufficient grounds
for granting a new tuai."
Now, I propose to dispose of these cases at
once; and the only way to dispose of them finally
is to take up each case separately, and confirm
the decision of the Court of Claims. I move that
the case before us be laid aside to be reported
the House, with the recommendation tliat the
decision of the court be affirmed.
The motion was agreed to.
The following reports were then taken np ia
their order, and laid aside with a like recom-
mendation:
An adverse report (C. C. No."5) in the case of
Samuel M. Puckett.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 6) in the case of
John P. McElderry.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 7) in the case of
Louis G. Thomas and others.
The next case in order on the Calendar was
an adverse report (C. C. No. 8) in the case 6f
Shepherd Knapp.
Mr. WAKEMAN. That case is on the Cal-
endar by another number. I move that it ba
passed over.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WAKEMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia does not understand the object of my mo-
tion. The same case is on the Calendar further
on. I propose that it shall now be passed over,
and taken up when we reach it again further
on.
Mr. LETCHER. I object. I do not \yatit
to get rid of this report of the Court of Claims.
Let us hear the report read.
Mr. HAVEN. Is a motion to postpone in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that that motion is only in order by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HAVEN". My colleague seems to desire
to have this case argued by itself. I therefore
suggest to the gentleman from Virginia that he
had better consent that this report of the Court of
Claims be postponed until we reach a bill (H. R.
No. 323) for the relief of S. Knapp.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I prefer that the argument
in this case shall take place at that time.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall not object, if it be
the understanding that the proceedings of the
Court of Claims m the matter be then read, and
considered in connection with the report of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The report was postponed, with t&e under-
standing indicated by Mr. Letcher.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 11) in the case
of Cyrus H. McCormick.
Mr. HAVEN moved that the report be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that the decision of the Court of
Claims be affirmed.
The motion was agreed to.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 12) in the case
of WilJiam W. Cox.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
report be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that the decision of the
Court of Claims be affirmed.
The motion was agreed to.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 18) in the case
of J. D. Holman, executor of Jesse B. Holman,
deceased.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I dcs:re to
call the attention of the committee to the facts
in this case. The Court of Claims have decided
that, under the second section of the act of the
23d of August, 1842, they have no jurisdiction
of the case in question; and they are manifestly
right. That section is as follows:
" Sec. 9 *dnd he it further cnacted^ That no officer in
any branch of the public seiviee, or anv other person whose
salaiy, pay, or emoluments is. or are fixed by law or regu-
lation-, shall leoeive any additional pay, extia allowance,
or compensation, in any form whatever, for the disburse-
ment ot public money, or tor any other service or duty
what:soe\cr. unlets the same shall be authorized by law,
and the appropriation therefor explicitly set forth fJiat it ia
for such additional pay, extra allowance, or compensa-
tion."—5 Statute6 at Largef p. 510.
In 1850 the Hon. Bahe Peyton was sent out
as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo-
tentiary of the United States to Chili, and he
was officially recognized by the latter Govern-
ment on the 16th day of February, in the same
year. Robert M. Walsh was appointed his sec-
rotary of legation. He declined, and B. Rowan
Hardin was appointed in his place. Mr. Hardin
died at Panama on his way to Chili, on tje ,24th
of June, 1850. Mr. Holman was then commis-
sioned to thatposition. On his arrival at his post
