284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
be found a very large accumulation of business
in the office of the legation, in consequence of the
long absence of the proper officer, whose duty it
was to discharge it. There was 'no index to the
records, in consequence of which there was much
difficulty and confusion in managing the business
of the legation. Mr. Hoiman entered zealously
into the labor, which was of an onerous charac-
ter, in pranging the records and papers of the
office, and making the necessary indices therefor.
The importance of his services is attested by a
letter from Hon. Balie Peyton. There is also a
letter in evidence from Mr. Marcy, Secretary of
State, to Hon. Thomas H. Bayly, late chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of this
House. On the 28th of July, 1854, the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations of the Senate reported a
bill for his relief, allowing him $716 67, as extra
compensation for the services rendered by him.
That bill passed the Senate, but it was not reached
in this body at the last Congress. Under the reso-
lution to refer all cases unacted on by Congress
to the Court of Claims, this claim of J. D. Hoi-
man took that direction. The court decided, as
I have said before, that they had not, under their
organic law, any power to take cognizance of the
case. They therefore made an adverse report.
In one of the appropriation bills passed at the
last session the round sum of $500 was allowed
to Mr. Hoiman for his extra service. Why the
balance of $216 was left out I do not know. I
take it for granted, that that provision was made
at a late hour of the session without debate, and
when there was no opportunity to present the
facts of the case.
After this brief explanation, I call attention to
the following report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate:
u In the Senate, July 28,1854, Mr. Mason made the fol-
lowing report:
" Tim Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the memorial of J. B. Hoiman, late United States
Secretary of Legauon m Chih, praying additional compen-
sation for extra clcrical duties perlormed by him, have had
the same under consideration, and now report:
u It is stntcd m the memorial, that from the 16th of Feb-
ruary, 1850, to the 24th June following, owing to the de-
clension of the office by Mr. Walsh, and the death ot Mr.
Hardin, his suecessoi, before reaching the post, there was,
in fact, no secretary to the United Stares legation in Chill,
and that, consequently, upon the appointment of the me-
morialist to that office, on the 24th June, 1850, fh addition
to the current duties of the office, he had al o to perform
all the unfinished business, which had accrued from the
IGtli February preceding, and which consisted m recording
in the books or the legation the dispatches and letters duting
the interval above mentioned, whilst there was no secre-
tary present, as well as m indexing the same ; and further,
that prior to his connection with that legation, none ot its>
records had been indexed, and that he made a full and
complete index, not only to the pipers of the late Minister,
Mi. Peyton, but al<=o to those of ln immediate predecessor,
Mr. Baiton, as well a* a considerable purtion of the early
record^, which he als-o would have completed but for ill
health, and the laige accumulation of new business in the
legation which required his coiiftant attention.
" These statements are tully sustained by a letter from
Mr. Peyton, our then Minister in Chili, dated May 24,1ST>3,
addressed to the memorialist, and also by a letter from the
tSecretaiy of State, addressed to the Hon. Thomas II.
Bayly, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of
the Uouse of Uepiesentatives, dated February 9, lb.)4. In
his letter, Mr. Peyton says: i Inasmuch as you perfoimed
the labor, it appears to me just and reasonable that you
should receive the compensation attached to the office,5
&c. And lurther:' This allowance is rendered more pioper
on account of the great expense m comingto and returning
from Chili, which is but little less than one thousand dollars
for the round trip.' In his letter above mentioned the hon-
orable Secretary of State says: 11 have to inform jou that
Mr. Hohnan ha*, correctly stated the fact of the absence,
for several months, of any secretary to the legation at San- i
tiago; and from the correspondence of Mr. Peyton, Envoy ;
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the P^Dubhc i
of Chili, it is evident that Mr. Hoiman was taxed with the !
performance of onerous dunes, which had accumulated I
puor to his own appointment. J
" * In this view ot the case 1 have no hesitation m stating i
that the Department regards Mr. Hoiman justly entitled to !
extra compensation for these cxtraordinaiy services.' ;
" fn view of ail the circumstances of this case, the com-
mittee aie of opinion that the memorialist is entitled to
receive the compensation of -secretary of legation, whose
duties he is shown to have actually performed, from the
16th of February, 1850; and inasmuch as from that time to
the24th of June, 1850, when he formally entered upon his
official duties, that coiripen.-ation had not been paid to any
other person, no injustice can result to the Government
from its allowance to him; they, therefore, report a bill in
his favor, and recommend its passage."
I will now present to the House the judgment
of the Court of Claims, showing the ground upon
which they predicated an adverse report in this
case. Judge Blackford, m delivering the opinion
of the court, says:
"The petition is attached to fhw opinion. It is alleged
that the tpstator, Jesse B. Hoiman, was commissioned sub-
sequently to the 24th of June, 1850, secretary of legation to
Chili; that upon his arrival at his post he found a very
large accumulation of business in the office of the legation,
in consequence of the long absence of the proper officer
whose duty it was to discharge it; that the ofiice was
otheiwise much out of order, there being no index to the
records, in consequence of which there was much difficulty
and confusion in managing the business of the legation;
that the said Jesse entered zealously into the labor, which
was of averyoneious characterful ananging the papers
and records of the office, and making the necessary indexes
therefor; that he succeeded m bringing up the business
that was in arrear, by instituting a perfect arrangement of
the records and papers, and completing indexes for the
business transacted under Mr. Peyton's, and his predeces-
sor, Mr. Barton's, administration, and for a very large por-
tion of the ancient records of the office, though he was pre-
vented from finally completing the indices by failing health
and necessary attention to the current business of hisoffice.
The petitioner, for the above extra services, claims from the
Government the sum of S750. _
" The testator was a public officer with a regular salary.
" There is an act of Congress of the 23d of August, 1842,
as follows:
u<Scc. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no offieer.in
any branch of the public service, orany other person whose
salary, pay, or emoluments is or are fixed by law or regula-
tions, shall receive any additional pay, extia allowance, or
compensation, in any form whatever, for the disbursement
of public money, or for any other service or duty whatso-
ever, unless the same shall be authorized by law, and the
appropriation therefor explicitly set foith that it is for such
additional pay, extra allowance, or compensation."'—5.
Statutes at Large, p. 51U.
" This statute applies to the case before the court.
" The claimant has no demand against the Government
that can be sustained by this court for the extra services
stated in the petition.
" No order tor testimony will be made in this case."
The committee will immediately perceive, that
the ground upon which the court predicated their
decision was simply that they had no jurisdiction
under the act of 1842, and that the only remedy
the party had for his demand was by a direct
appeal to Congress.
Now, it is unnecessary for me to call the atten-
tion of this committee to the numerous instances
found in the legislation of Congress, i n which pre-
cisely similar demands have been allowed. Some
of those instances occurred at the last session of
the present Congress. There are several cases of
precisely an analogous character, where compen-
sation has been allowed for extra services made
necessary between the withdrawal of one Min-
ister at a legation and the appointment of a suc-
cessor. I have in my hand a brief of numerous
cases of a similar character, but I will not detain
the committee by reading them.
Having said this much, I offer a bill providing
for the payment to Mr. Holman's executor the
sum of $216 67, being the balance due him ac-
cording to the settlement made by the Senate two
years ago.
1 would state to the House that my introduction
of this bill in nowise militates against the action
of the Court of Claims; but, at the same time, if
the committee believe that this demand for extra
compensation be a just one, the fact that we are
met by an adverse report from the Court of Claims
should not militate against the bill, for the reason
that the court could not decide upon it, the law
of 1842 preventing them from taking cognizance
of the case.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to J. D.
Hoiman, executor of Jesse B. Hohnan, deceased,
late United States Secretary of Legation at Chili,
the sum of $216 67, being a balance for extra
clerical services performed by him in bringing up
the records of the legation from February 16,
1850, to the 24th of June, 1850.
Mr. READY. From an imperfect hearing by
the House of the record read, I find there is a
difference of opinion as to whether the services
for which this extra compensation is claimed
were rendered after the date of Mr. Holmarfs
appointment as secretary of legation, or before,
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee could not have listened to the statement
of facts made either by myself, or contained in the
report which has been read by the Clerk. Mr.
Hoiman Js commission bears date on the 24th of
June, 1850, and the office had been vacant from
the 16th of February up to that time. His claim
for compensation is for services rendered in
bringing up the books of that legation between
those two days.
Mr. READY. But the services rendered were
all discharged after the 24th of June?
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. I Uislike to interfere with
the proposition of my colleague, but I think there
is a principle involved in this matter, which the
committee ought to look to before it proceeds to
pass that bill. I desire to raise a point of order
upon the bill. We are in Committee of the
"Whole upon the Private Calendar, and there is
before us a report from the Court of Claims ad-
verse to the claim presented to the court. Now,
the point 1 make is, that this commutce cannot
originate a bill of any character, much loss a bill
in a case like this. I think my colleague ought
to have originated his bill in the House, and had it
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and then,
when his bill should have been reached in the
House, the explanation he has made would have
been proper in that connection. But if wc estab-
lish the principle now, that this committee may
originate a bill when there is no matter before it,
or under any circumstances, I think we shall
establish a very short road to arrive at action upon
private claims.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that, as the subject is
before the Committee of the Whole on th^ report
of a petition for the relief of Jesse B. Holm in,
the committee may originate a bill on that sub-
ject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is a very
small amount asked for in this bill, but I think
that the report of the opinion of the Court of
Claims in this particular case is not only in ac-
cordance with the law, and therefore right, but
that on no principle of justice or of equity is
the claimant in this case entitled to any relief.
What are the facts, sir? That he is appointed to
an office; that he enters on the discharge of the
duties of that office at a fixed salary; that he finds
the business of the office a little deranged—out of
order—behind; that he devotes himself to the bus-
iness of the office to which he is appointed, and
puts his part of the office in order. For that, sir,
he brings up his bill, and for that this extra or
additional compensation is claimed, and now pro-
posed to be voted to him. Why, sir, what was
he to do when he went there but to put the office
—as it was his duty to do so—in proper order,
and to bring up its records?
Again, sir, I am not very conversant with the
business of these legations, but I should suppose
i that there could be but a very limited amount of
business in the legation of the United States at
Chili. I do not know what great mass of busi-
ness they can have there which would require
any extraordinary labor to bring up and put in
order. However that may be, sir, it does seem
to me that Mr. Hoiman but discharged the duties
incumbent upon him when he accepted the office,
and that having received the pay allowed by law
this claim of his is not proper or right in itself.
Mr. WALKER. I regret very much that my
friend from Tennessee should have felt himself
called upon to interpose an objection to this bill.
It strikes me as a meritorious case. The action
of the Court of Claims upon it was predicated
, upon the opinion that he had strictly no legal
claim, but tnat he must look to the discretion of
Congress for indemnity. It seems to me to be
too late in the day to rais'e the objection urged by
the gentleman from Tennessee. The records of
Congress are filled, as I remarked before, with
instances of favorable action on similar cases. I
hold in my hand a brief stating the particulars
of such cases, but I will only mention by their
titles a few of the eases bearing on the case now
in issue, and of a kindred character with it
Here, for instance, is the case of Edward Bart-
lett, Consul at Lima, who was paid extra for his
services as charge, from the death of Thomson to
the recognition of Pickett. There is the case of
Randolph Clay, Secretary of Legation at Vienna,
; who was made an extra allowance for his ser-
i vices, from the death of Mr. Muhlenberg, the
!'Minister, to the appointment of his successor.
, And there is the case of John Black, Consul at
| Mexico, who was paid for his services aachars^
! during the non-intercourse, from 10th May, 1845,
1 to 3d April, 1847. The case of Mr. Hoiman is
• somewhat similar to cases wherein the claims
' were granted at the last Congress.
t Now, in relation to the point of order made by
| my colleague, [Mr. Houston,] I beg leave to say
j a word or two. The point raised by my colleague
j was, that this committee has no right to originate
' a bill, and that the proper course to be followed
