286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^January 12,
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (EI. R. No. 4G9) for the relief of Maria
Burgher, widow of Jeremiah Burgher, deceased,
a revolutionary soldier; '
A bill (H. R. No. 470) for the relief of Letty
Griggs, widow of Simeon Griggs, a revolutionary
soldier;
A lull (H. R. No. 471) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of John Gilbert, a revolutionary
soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. 473) for the relief of Richard
Philips;
A bill (H. R. No. 477) granting a pension to
Thomas Allcoc.k, of Rochester, New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 480) for the relief of William
Craig;
A bill (H. R. No. 481) for the relief of George
W. Whitten;
A bill (H. R. No. 483) for the relief of Edward
Ruraery;
A bill (H. R. No. 485) for the relief of Corne-
lius H. Latham;
A bill (H. R. No'. 486) for the relief of Robert
H. Stevens;
A bill (1-1. R. No. 288) for the relief of Isaac
P. Washburne;
A bill (H. R. No. 487) fo* the relief of Henry
Stewart;
A bill (H. R. No. 488) for the relief of Isaac
Langley;
A bill (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of Jona-
than Cilley;
A bill (II. R. No. 490) for the relief of Rox-
ana Kimball;
A bill (H. R. No. 498) for the relief of William
Pool; and
A bill (H. R. No. 504) for the relief of George
F. Baltzell, assignee of James P. Roan.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tion of the Senate, without amendment;
A bill (No. 260) for the relief of J. Randolph
Clay;
^A bill (No. 220) for the relief of Hannah P.
Nilcs; and
A resolution (No. 40) accepting the portrait
of John Hampden, presented to Congress by
John McGregor.
Also, that they had passed, with an amend-
ment, the bill (No. 284) for the relief of theheirs-
at-Iaw of Sarah Crandall, deceased.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of Jennie
D. Hoslcins, widow of the late Lieutenant Charles
Hoslcins, who fell in the battle of Monterey,
praying that herpension may be continued; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Sa-
rah A. Watson, widow of Colonel William H.
Watson, who fell in the battle of Monterey, pray-
ing a renewal of her pension, which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PUGH presented thirty petitions of citi-
zens of Cincinnati, Ohio, foran appropriation for
tire construction of a canal around the falls of the
Ohio; which were referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
S. G. Ptnkham and others, owners of the fishing
schooner St. Lawrence, praying to be allowed j
fishing bounty; which was referred to the Com- !
rnitlee on Commerce. j
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition f
of John R. Nourse, praying that execution on !
the judgment obtained against him by the United 1
Stales as security on the official bond of the late :
Purser William C. Zantzinger, may be stayed; I
which was referred to the Committee on Claims, 'j
Mr. BIGGS' presented the petition of William jj
Brinn, & soldier in ths war of 18J2, praying* to '
be allowed a pension; which was referred to=the >;
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Martin Hub-
bard, for compensation for a vessel which was '
run mto by the United States steamer Engineer,
and lost; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval A/Fairs.
Mr. CASS submitted a paper in relation to the
claim of James Baldwin to a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid befora the
Senate a report of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, showing the condition of the public
printing; which was, on motion of Mr. Douglas,
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PENSION FOR JAMES BALDWIN.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
wh ich was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That-the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire mto the expediency of granting a pension to
James Baldwin for his military service.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
614) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending 30th June,
1858, reported it with amendments; and gave no-
tice that, as soon as the Iowa contested-election
case shall be disposed of, he will ask the Senate to
consider it.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to reimburse to Elisha
W. B. Moody the moneys paid by him as owner
of the British bark Sarah, in the rescue of the
passengers and crew of the American ship Caleb
Gnmsliaw.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill making additional appro-
priations for the construction and completion of
certain public buildings.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill sup-
plementary to an act to organize the institution
for the insane of the Army and Navy, and of the
District of Columbia, in said district, approved
March 3, 1855; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill incorporating the Metropolitan Mechanics'
Institute for the .promotion of manufactures,
commerce, and the mechanic arts; which was
read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
ARSENAL AT FAYETTEVlfLE, N. C.
On motion of Mr. REID, it was
Ordered. That the report of tlie Secretary of War relative
to the extension of a United States arsenal of construction
at Favettcville, North Carolina, bo referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following House bills were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below;
A bill (No. 469) for the relief of Maria Burgher,
widow of Jeremiah Burgher, deceased, a revolu-1
tionary soldier—to the Committee on Revolution- j
ary Claims. j
A bill (No. 470) for the relief of Letty Griggs, |
widow of Simeon Griggs, a revolutionary soldier !
—to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 471) for the relief of the surviving i
childrenof John Gilbert, a revolutionary soldier— i
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 473) for the relief of Richard
Philips—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 477) granting a pension to Thomas '
Aileock, of Rochester, New York—to the Com-1
nattee on Pensions.
A biii(No.460)forthe relief of William Craig— I
to the Committee on Pensions. '
A bill (No. 481) for the relief of George W. 1
Whitten—to the Co
A bill (No. 489) for the relief of Jonathan
Cilley—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 490) for the relief of Roxanna Kim-
ball—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 498) for the relief of William Pool
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 504) for the relief of George p.
Baltzell, assignee of James P. Roane—to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill of
the. Senate (No. 113) to amend an act entitled
" An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed the
following enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Peter Grover;
An act for the relief of A. S. Bender; and
An act granting bounty land to Jared L. Elliott.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cuhom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and resolution; which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
An act for the relief of J. Randolph Clay;
An act for the relief of Hannah F. Niles;
An act to authorize the Postmaster General to
execute a contract with Messrs. Garman, Wigle,
and Benford, for carrying the mail from Cum-
berland, Maryland, to Greensburg, Pennsylvania;
and
A resolution accepting the portrait of John
Hampden, presented to Congress by John Mc-
Gregor.
SARAH B. WEBBER.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following reso-
lution, which was submitted by him on Friday,
the 9th instant:
Resolved, That the petition of Sarah B. Webber ba
referred to the Court of Claims, for the purpose of havin"
the testimony m said case taken by said couit, and reported
to Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I made this mo-
tion the other day, it was objected to bv one or
two Senators, on the ground that we" had no
authority to refer a petition to the Court of
Claims, with any particular request or for any
special purpose. I then stated the circumstances
under which this motion was offered, and the
reasons that induced me to offer it. I wish now
to make a further statement to the Senate; and if,
after having made that statement, the Senate shall
see fit to adopt the resolution, very well; if not,
I have no sort of interest in the matter, and care
nothing about it, except so far as 1 am interested
in having things done properly.
I stated the other day that the course sii£n-ested
was pursued at the suggestion of the chief justice
of the court. After the discussion, I requested
the gentleman who handed the petition to me to
see the chief justice, and have a full explanation
of the views which the court entertained in rela-
tion to the subject. He informed me that he had
done so, and the chief justice stated to him this:
That in the matter of a petition appealing to the
liberality or the discretion of Congress the court
did not consider themselves as having any power
under the act to decide a question of that descrip-
tion, because it was not a claim arising under any
law or regulation; but that, under the last clause
of the aet which makes an addition of all claims
which may be referred to them by either House
of Congress, the court, oil consultation, had come
A Kill /V n 'i ,Jl >-> un uuiisuiutuun, utiu cvmo
bnl (jNo. 483) for the relief of Edward Rum- |i to the conclusion that, under that clause of the
j v -P®ns,10lls- 1! statute, if Congress chooses to refer to the court
A bill (iNo.&j for the relief of Cornelius H. a peti - -
having testimony taken, (not of having a case
decided,) and having their advice on the subject,
they should feel themselves authorized to take
the testimony and report it to Congress with their
4 T-'iiT-vr "ls 1 elisions. i views upon the case itself, or without those views,
A bill (iNo. 4S() for the relief of Henry Stew- as Congress might desire; but they could' not
"VJ? we Committee on Pensions. ji decide the question properly, because it was not
A bill (No. 4tf8) for the relief of Isaac Langley li one before tiiem, the nature of which would allow
—to the Committee on Pensions. them to decide it.
T ,, - ,     — "• i' a petition of that description for the purpose of
Latham—to the Committee on Pensions. I'1-- - ■ • ■ ' - -■ 1 '
A bill (No. 486) for the relief of Robert H. ,
Stevens—to the Committee on Pensions. ;
A bill (No. 288) for the relief of Isaac P. !
Washburne—to the Committee on Pensions.
