1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
That is the construction which the court has
put upon the last r.lanse of the statute. It
amounts to this: that if Congress conceives it to
be for the benefit of legislation, on petitions of
that description, instead of having the testimony
produced ex parte, as it always is before a com-
mittee, to have it taken properly, in due form,
by the court, they are willing to perform the duty,
and think themselves authorized to do it under
thatclauseofthestatute. Thispetitionerpresents
herself with a case of,that kind, appealing to the
liberality and discretion of Congress. She is
willing and desirous that the petition, instead of
going to the committee on such ex parte testi-
mony as she can produce, may go to the Court
of Claims for the purpose of having that court
take the testimony in the proper form, and sub-
mit that testimony to Congress, with or without
their views, as may be thought proper.
If she is willing to do it, and the court are will-
ing to assume the duty, it is perfectly manifest
to me that that is the better way of arriving at
the truth. If that is the construction which the
court put on the act, I see no objection to vesting
them with the power. Technically, there might
be an objection that we have no power to impose
any such duty on them; but they have put that
construction on the act which I have stated.
They are willing to'assume the power; and while
no harm can arise, much good may follow from
it. I see no objection to referring for a specific
purpose as is proposed in this case. I hope it
may be so referred.
Mr. STUART. When this question was up
the other day, I moved to strike out of the motion
the last part of it; and it was pending that mo-
tion that the Senate proceeded to the consider-
ation of the special order. 1 think this case
involves a question of very great importance in
practice. 1 should like, in the first place, to see
if I am right in what I recollect of the honorable
Senator's statement made a few days ago. If I
recollect aright, he stated that this case had been
referred to the Court of Claims, and the court had
declined the jurisdiction on the ground that they
had not the power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Informally it was sug-
gested that they would not take jurisdiction.
Mr. STUART, it is substantially the opin-
ion of the court that they have not jurisdiction;
but, informally, the chief justice suggests that
if the petition shall be refeired in a particular
manner, they will take jurisdiction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not to the extent which
they take it in other cases; but they will take it
for the purpose of procuring the testimony, if
Congress desires it.
Mr. STUART. So I understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And that suggestion of
the chief justice, 1 am informed, is founded, after
a consultation of the court, on an agreement to
that effect.
Mr. STUART. So I understand; and that*
gives to this case an additional importance from
that which attached to it the other day. Now,
sir, it is not a question of convenience to the
Senate; it is not a question of convenience td the
House of Representatives; it is no question of
what are the wishes of the petitioner, but it is a
- question as to what the Senate can do under the
law organizing the court. If the present law be
defective, let us amend it so that we may send
cases there for particular purposes, and with par-
ticular requests. Bat the law of Congress pre-
scribes what the Senate, or the House of Repre-
sentatives, acting separately, may do, and beyond
that they have no power to do anything at all.
I have refreshed my recollection this morning,
by turning to the law, and I ask the attention of
the Senate to it. After defining a specific juris-
diction of cases based upon law, and upon con-
tracts, expressed or implied, this language is
added:
"And als>o all claims which maybe leferred to said court
by either House of Congress."
I submit, Mr. President, that when this case
was referred generally to the Court of Claims,
the House referring it exhausted all its power. It
is sent back here informally, with a statement
that that reference does not confer jurisdiction;
but the court say, informally also, what is sub-
stantially this: that if the Senate sees fit to ask
the court to act upon the case for a particular pur-
pose, (that is to say, to take the testimony,) they
will oblige the Senate by doing it. You might
just as well send it to the Governor of a State, or
to any separate judge of any court of the United
States. You have just as much authority to send
it there with this request for this purpose, pre-
cisely, as you have to send it to the Court of
Claims. You can do no more than refer a case
to that court, without stating any object or pur-
pose whatever; and when it is there, it is the pe-
culiar province of the court to say whether, under
this law, they have jurisdiction or not. Hence,
I say 1 think this case is invested with a new
importance from the facts and circumstances
which the honorable Senator has disclosed to the
Senate to-day. When the Senate or the House
of Representatives shall begin to send cases to
the Court of Claims for particular purposes, we
shall be involved m this condition: we shall have
a batch of claims before us over which the Court
of Claims have no jurisdiction under the law, and
we shall give less importance to their reports
than we should to the reports of our own com*
mittees; we shall be necessarily involved in inex-
tricable confusion. But, sir, if we adhere to all
the power we have—the simple power to refer the
case—we leave the court to a discharge of its duty,
while we discharge our own.
There is another fact which ought to be brought
to the attention of the Senate. One of the most
extensive practitioners in that court informed me,
within the last two or three hours, that he was
now omitting to present cases to the court for the
reasoiT that their calendar was so large that there
was no prospect of reaching them in any conve-
nient time, and ho was, therefore, presenting his
cast's directly to Congress. That should answer
all the arguments of the honorable Senator on the
score of convenience, if the Senate is disposed to
listen to that argument. I submit that we should
confine ourselves here to that duty which we are
authorized to perform under the law. There is
a class of cases—I know nothing about this indi-
vidual case—appealing to the liberality of Con-
gress, which should be considered before the
committees and reported on by them, and by no
other tribunal. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will adopt the motion which I have made, and
strike out all that is specific in this resolution,
leaving it a simple reference to the Court of
Claims, believing, as I do, that that is the only
authority which the Senate possesses in such
cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it would be as
well to take a vote on the simple motion to give
the instructions, because, if the petition is not re-
ferred with the instructions, I shall move to send
it to the Committee on Claims.
Mr-. STUART. So I understand; and there-
fore, if my motion be carried, the Senator will
move to refer the case to the Committee on Claims
of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I might do it in that
way.
Mr. STUART. I move to strike out the in-
structions, leaving the resolution a simple refer-
ence of the petition.
Mr. WADE. I believe the hour has arrived
for the consideration of the special order, and I
move that the Senate proceed to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
half past twelve o'clock having arrived, the Sen-
ate will proceed to the consideration of the special
order.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the report of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary in relation to the seat of Mr. Harlan,
concluding with a resolution declaring the seat
vacant; the pending question being on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Toombs, to strike out all
after the word "Resolved," and insert: "That
James Haklan is entitled to his seat as a Senator
from Iowa."
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, before giving
my vote upon the question before the Senate, I
desire very briefly to place on record the reasons
which induce it; and in doing so, I shall not he
thrown aside from a consideration of the only
point upon which I think the question hinges,
either by my own fancy or by the speeches to
which I have listened. The question comes up
for the first time in the history of our Govern-
ment; and the importance which must attach to
the aetion of the Senate as a precedent, be that
action what it may, will certainly be enhanced by
the consideration that our action will not affect
the seat of any other member in this body, and
by the further consideration that it is understood
that the Legislature of Iowa is so constituted as
to insure the return of the sitting Senator, or of
some other gentleman of the same political com-
plexion, if the action of the Senate shall be ad-
verse to him.
I have listened with profit (and I confess T have
changed my opinion since the argument com-
menced) to the debates sustaining- the report of
the majority of the committee, and particularly
to the argument made by the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] which I think is unan-
swerable. I confess I was surprised to hear
those arguments characterized as beneath the
dignity of respectable sophistry. If I had ob-
tained the floor when the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] took his seal the
other day, as%i endeavored to do, I might have
remarked that, as those arguments did not rise to
the dignity of respectable sophistry, he himself
intended to supply that deficiency; but I will not
say that now. He spoke of bodies political,
bodies social, bodi^ philosophical, and the con-
stituent elements or bodies, and the philosophical
rule, that one body could not be in two-places at
one and the same time. 1 will not follow his ex-
ample, but confine myself to the only point which
will govern my vote on the^case before us.
When we are to judge whether the sitting
member is entitled to his scat, we must look to
the authority which sent him here. The rule of
the Federal Constitution on that subject is our
guide. It is, that
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators fiom each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereot."
As this is a strictly legal argument, I do not in-
tend to be divertd from it. I presume, in using the
word " Legislature" in this clause, the Federal
Constitution used it,4b it is used in every other
clause, with reference to a distinct, organized
political body, exclusive of the unorganized mem-
.bers composing the body itself. I presume it had
no other reference; and I deny that there is any
clause in the Constitution where it is used, to
which any other character can be given.
In the second section of the first article relating
to the other House, the language is that
" The electors in each State shall have the qualifications
requisite lor electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature."
If the words " most numerous branch of the
State Legislature," do not apply to an organized
political body, to what do they apply? Would
it not be an absurdity to speak of the must nu-
merous branch of the Legislature, if that branch
referred to one or more individuals? I think the
case is self-evident.
In the third section of the same article, relating
to senatorial appointments, is the clause:
" If vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
thereof maj make temporary appointments until the next
meeting of the Logislatuie."
Can we speak of the " recess" of an -individual ?
When we cease to consider an organized Legis-
lature, the members must be spoken of as indi-
viduals. It is unimportant for the purpose of my
argument, whether I consider them as one indi-
vidual or many.
In the fourth section of article fourth, the lan-
guage is:
" On application of the Legislature, or of the Executive
where the Legislature cannot be convened," &c.
If the word 44 Legislature" here does not refer
to an organized body, can it be said that a single
member of the Legislature is to be convened I
might go on through some fifteen or twenty in-
stances m which the word " Legislature" occurs
in the Federal Constitution, to show you thafcin %
every instance it is used in strict subordination to
Hale's definition of a Legislature, which is the
power that makes the laws, as in contradistinction
from the members composing the power that
makes the laws. If this is the Legislature meant
by the Federal Constitution, what is the Legis-
lature of Iowa which was to have elected a Sen-
ator? The Constitution having said that the
Legislature mutt eieet him, what is ifea Legisia-
