288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
ture of Iowa? The constitution of Iowa uses this
language:
"The legislative authorityof this State shall be vested
in a Senate and a House of Representatives, which shall
lie <ips.gn.ued the General Assembly of the State of Jowa."
Here, then, Iowa has constituted that Legisla-
ture (whichis to elect a United States Senator)
of two Houses, a Senate and" House of Repre-
sentatives. Was the sitting member elected by
the Legislature thus composed? When we look
at the proceedings presented to us by the com-
mitiee of investigation, we find that the two
Houses, by a concurrent vote, went into a joint
convention to elect a Senator, on the 13tii of
December, 1854. They made an ineffectual at-
tempt to elect a Senator in joint convention, and
separated to meet again. They met pursuant to
adjournment—had several meetings and several
ineffectual ballots, until they finally adjourned to
meet again at ten o'clock on January 6, 1855.
On this day the House of Representatives did
meet in their hall. The Senate oi^that day did
notmeet them, but adjourned theirown individual
body over to the following Monday. These are
the proceedings. The convention then, consist-
ing, as I claim, of the House of Representatives
alone, proceeded to elect a Senator.
In this election I shall confider it for the sake
of the argument as an admitted fact that there
was not one Senator present, but that the House
of Representatives were alone present; because
it is to this legitimate, logical conclusion that the
arguments in support of the minority report of
this committee come at last. It is frankly ad-
mitted by the Senator from Georgia that it was
not material to the election whether a single Sen-
ator was present or not. I regard it, therefore, as
if no Senator was present, and the House of Rep-
resentatives distinctly and alone proceeded to elect
a Senator.
That being the case, let me put this position:
if, instead of adjourning on the following Satur-
day, the Senate had remained in their hall, and
had progressed with the t^usaction of their les-
gitimate business in the passage of bills, by what
miserable fiction can we be told that the Senate,
sitting in their hull, all of them being there pass-
ing bills, were also in the convention electing a
Senator, and there composed a part of " the Le-
gislature?" Nay, to go further, I will suppose
tl.at, instead of adjourning at all, every Senator
was swept from existence by death, and, if you
please, that there was no such thing as a Senate
of Iowa existing: by what miserable fiction are
we to be told that they were still existing, still
present in the hall of the House of Representa-
tives, electing a Senator of the United States?
But, sir, we are told also, that the law of Iowa,
under which this election was held, called on the
two Houses to come into joint convention: and
once having assembled in joint convention, it was
in existence, and neither'House had a right to
abrogate it until the business for which they were
called together was completed. I deny that the
law of Iowa, as presented to us, has any such
reading. I do not know that my view of it has
been presented, and perhaps it may appear some-
what like special pleading; but wherever the
meeting of the joint convention is referred to in
that law, Ilsay it is always referred to as a meet-
ing in conformity with the first section. In the
third section, the provision is, " at anytime prior
to meeting in convention as aforesaid;" thatis, as
provided m the first section. The sixth section
says: " When the convention shall be organized
as aforesaid"—referring to the first section, which
points out that it shall be organized by the two
Houses acting separately, and by a concurrent
vote. The ninth section is: " When any person
shall have received a majority of the votes afore-
said"—that is, as provided for in the first section.
for the sake of the argument, however, let me
suppose that this law in distinct terms said pre-
cisely what it is claimed by inference that it does
say, namely, that the House of Representatives
of Iowa should have the power to electa Senator
whether the Senate of Iowa was present or not.
We are told that is what it means. Suppose the
law said so in distinct terms: are we to be con-
trolled by it? Are we here, who are judges of
the fact of whether the man was elected by the
Legislature, to Oe told that the laws of Iowa had
provided he should be elected by only one branch
of the Legislature, and we are to hold it valid?
Why, sir, I imagine that argument will not hold
water. I do not see what is to sustain it. If we
cannot sustain it when we infer this as a logical
conclusion from the law, can we sustain it upon
the presumption that the law is so in distinct
terms ? I presume the Senate of the United States
will not deliberately adopt the idea that a minori ty
of either House of the Legislature could elect a
Senator. The law of Iowa upon its face always
refers to a majority of those who are present; it
speaks of a person " receiving the vote of a major-
ity of the members present;" but you will find
that " the members present" are the members
provided for in the first section; that is, the mem-
bers of the two Houses composing the General
Assembly; and the framers of the law had no other
idea than that, when a majority was obtained,
it W£s a majority of the Senate and a majority
of the House of Representatives, or a majority
of the convention composed of these two Houses.
But, sir, the logical and legitimate conclusion
<5f the argument adduced in support of the mi-
nority report is, that a minority of either House
could elect a Senator. If a quorum of the Senate
was not necessary to be present at the election,
why was a quorum of the House of Representa-
tives necessary to be present ? Could not the
convention have proceeded without a quorum, and
elected a Senator hy the votes of " a majority of
the members present?" That is all the law re-
quires; and if it was necessary to have a majority
of the House of Representatives present, why
was it not necessary to have a majority of the
Senate ? I see no reason for it, and I cannot
reconcile these positions.
I shall make but one point more, as I desire to
be very brief, and that is as to the argument based
on the convenience of having this body filled. It
is said that we should so legislate as to uphold
the action of the party in a State sending a Sen-
ator to this body; and some terms of reproach
have been thrown out inferentially against the
members of the Senate of Iowa, for their action
in this matter. I shall not say a word against
them. I can conceive a condition of things in
some of our States, where a party withdrawing
from a convention in this manner, although they
might not have the legal right to do so, (and I am
proceeding here as if they had the legal right,)
would, for so doing, entitle themselves to the
gratitude of the State; and I will by no vote of
mine inaugurate any state of things here which
w<ll deprive a State at any time of the right of
withholding her Senator from this floor. I hold
that any State has a right not to elect Senators at
any time, and, of course, the action of a majority
of the States refusing to send Senators here
would for the time being break up the Govern-
ment. That is a matter for the States. At all
events, whether the Senate of Iowa acted legally
or illegally, is a matter between themselves and
their constituents. The question forus to decide,
in my judgment, is simply whether " the Legis-
lature" of Iowa acted in the matter. Proceeding
in the argument as if the House of Representa-
tives alone were present, and not a single Sena-
tor was present, because that is the logical con-
clusion,! cannot see that it is an election by " the
Legislature" of Iowa.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, a question
involving the right of any individual to represent
a sovereign State on this floor, is always import-
ant, because it necessarily requires a careful ex-
amination of constitutional principle, and com-
monly presents peculiar circumstances, calculated,
in some degree, insensibly to bias the judgment
even of those who approach it, as all should do,
with the intention todecide with the conscientious
impartiality that should characterize a high judi-
cial tribunal. Fortunately, this case is entirely
free from any disturbing element of mere partisan
politics or personal consideration; for it seems to
be conceded, that should a majority of the Seriate
decide that the election of the sitting member is
invalid, the Legislature of Iowa, now in session,
will, after a very brief interval, return him to this
Chamber; or, if its choice should fall on another,
that other will differ quite as widely from the
Democratic party, on all national issues, as the
present incumbent.
1 do not intend to make any elaborate argument
on a matter which has been so largely and ably
discussed; but, as my vote will differ from that
of many gentlemen with whom I habitually act,
and for whose judgment I entertain the most
unqualified respect, I will proceed veiy briefly to
state the grounds of my action. I feel myself
more especially called upon to do this, because
if, as is contended by nearly all those who advo-
cate the vacation of the seat of the sitting member,
the distinct and separate action of both branches
of the State Legislature be necessary to the valid
election of a Senator of the United States, then
the framers of the constitution of Louisiana have
either misconstrued the Federal Constitution or
willfully placed themselves in opposition to it.
On this point there can be no mistake — either
the Constitution of the United States permits the
States, by constitutional provision or legislative
act, to confer upon the members of <he Legisla-
ture, acting as one body in convention, not, if I
may so express it, in their distinct corporate
capacities of Senate and House of Representa-
tives, or by whatever other title they may be des-
ignated, or the article of the constitution to which
I now ask the attention of Senators, is a deafl
letter. Article thirty-four of the constitution of
1852, which, it may be well to state, is literally
copied from the constitution of 1845, is in these
words :
" In the year in which a regular election for a Senator
of the United States is to take place, the members of the
Genera! Assembly sliail meet in the iiail of the Hou-e of
Representatives on the Monday following the meeting of
the Legislature, and proeeed to the said election."
I had occasion, some years since, to consider
this matter, and then arrived at the conclusion,
from which my mind has not since varied, that
on the day fixed by the constitution, if a majority
of either branch of the Legislature should neglect
or refuse to meet in the hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the members of the General Assem-
bly, amounting to a majority of the whole number
in both branches, could, without any concurrent
resolution or action of the two branches acting in
their distinct capacities, according to the forms
used by them in their legislature character, meet
together and proceed to make a valid election.* If
the people of the State can, by their organic laws,
authorize such a mode of election, then it seems
to me to follow, as a corollary, that the bodies to
which that organic law confides all legislative
power not inhibited by it or by the Federal Con-
stitution, or conflicting with either, must possess
the power of prescribing by law the mode in
which a Senator of the United States shall be
chosen.
Much stress has been laid on the third section
of the Constitution, which declares that the
Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the
Legislature thereof for six years. But when
taken in connection with the fourth section, which
says that the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections shall be prescribed in each State by
the Legislature thereof, it does not present to me
any embarrassment. Indeed, without the fourth
section, I should have had no difficulty in arriv-
ing at the same conclusion. The words I have
just quoted would have been mere surplusage, if
they had not served to introduce those declaring
that Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, excepting as to the places
of choosing Senators;for when tlierightto choose
Senators was conferred on the State Legislatures,
if no restriction or control was reserved as to the
mode of its exercise, they would necessarily have
had plenary power to regulate it.
If the construction contended for by the Judi-
ciary Committee be correct, and it be carrie'd out
to its legitimate and logical consequences, then
there are probably not more than six or eight
Senators on this floor constitutionally chosen—
none but such as have been elecfrd by separata
and distinct votes of both branches of their Legis-
latures, each sitting in its own hall, with its dis-
tinct organization, and proceeding according to
the forms ordinarily employed in its purely legis-
lative functions. I believe that in the earlier daya
of the Republic this question was mooted, but
it does not appear to have ever commanded suf-
, ficient attention to entitle it to the honor ofserious
; discussion; and after the lapse of nearly seventy
years, and the tacit acquiescence of all parties
and statesmen of every shade of political opinion
—strict constructionists, and loose construction-
ists, Democrats or Federalists, or by what-
ever other name men have chosen to designate
their party organization—it is now revived and
