THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C; RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 15, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 19.
presented to us in a tangible form, with all the
gloss of apparent novelty. The mode and man-
ner of electing Senators being, by the failure of
Congress to regulate it, left it to the State Legisla-
tures, I know no limit to that power other than
that the choice shall virtually be made by them.
The election of a Senator is a* duty totally for-
eign from legislative functions; and legislative
foims are not necessary for its proper discharge,
it is not our province to seek, in subtile distinc-
tions between the modes of ascertaining the sense
of a majority of the members composing a Legis-
lature, to overrule the legislation of a State; and
although that point, if at all alluded to in de-
bate, has not been insisted on in the argument,
I cannot refrain from expressing some surprise
that several of those who are most sensitive
upon the subject of State rights should be the
warmest advocates of a course of action which,
in my opinion, is calculated seriously to infringe
them, and that, too, on a question of mere form.
The reason that has induced many States to
prescribe by legislation the time, manner, and
place of choosing Senators, is apparent; it is to
prevent as far as possible the contingency, of very
frequent occurrence of late years, of the State
homo: wholly or partially unrepresented here. Tn
most of the States, the tenure of the members in
one branch is longer than in the other; and in the
frequent mutations of party ascendency, the ma-
jority in one represents political opinions with
whi«*h the other does notaccord. It has, therefore,
been thought wise and expedient to designate m
advance the time, place, and manner in which the
election «hall be made. In Louisiana it is, I be-
more efficient than in any other State: there
the Constitution must, he violated or the election
held and attempted to be made on a prescribed
day. Ia Iowa, by an act which is admitted to
have been passed with all the forms necessary
to its validity under her constitution, the two
branches arc directed to assemble in convention,
with minute provisions merging the distinctive
<&ardclers of the two bodies and the power ex-
pressly conferred upon this aggregate body to
adjourn from time to time by its own action, until
the election shal^ be consummated. It is very
true that the incipient step must be taken by the
concurrent action of both branches; and if either
had refused, or neglected, no convention could
have been held. But the convention having once
been organized, its action could not be arrested,
except by the failure of the majority of the mem-
bers of the Legislature to take part in its proceed-
ings. It may be that either branch, by passing
a resolution rescinding that by which it agreed
to go into convention, would have legally dis-
solved it. If this Had been done, I am inclined to
think that such would have been its effect; but
here thesecession of a majority of the Senate was
the individual action of those who retired from a
body in which their distinctive senatorial charac-
ter had been lost, and carried with it no other or
greater consequence than the absence of so many
members of the more numerous branch. Enter-
taining these views, I cannot sustain the report of
" the Judiciary Committee, and shall vote for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. ADAMS. Like other Senators, Mr. Presi-
dent, it was not my purpose in the beginning to
say anything on this question. Finding, how-
ever, that there is such a difference of opinion
among the most experienced and able lawyers of
this body, I have thought it not improper that J
should submit to the consideration of the Senate,
very briefly, the views which will govern my
vote.
1 think the question turns on the fact, whether
this duty, to be performed by direction of the
Constitution of the United States, be a legislative
act or otherwise. If it be a legislative act, this
election was not valid. I think, however, that it
is not a legislative act, and cannot be assimilated
to a legislative act in any point of view. On the
contrary, it is a personal act to be performed in
the discharge of a representative duly. The
qualification of the electors is fixed by the United
19
States Constitution. Upon that point, I differ
from my distinguished friend from Connecticut,
[Mr. Toocey,] and I think the whole case turns
on that very point. He seems to think it must
be a legislative act, that as the provision of the
Constitution directs the election of Senators to be
by the Legislatures of the States, it must be done
in a legislative capacity, and not merely in a rep-
resentative capacity. There is no legislative act
to grow out of this. I admit that the Legislature
must be in session, that no one can vote who
does not possess at the tune of the election legis-
lative power, and compose, under the constitution
and laws of Iowa, in the case under consideration,
a part of the Legislature. But when the two
Houses came together, as has just been very ably
and correctly contended for by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] the doc-
trine of merger applied. When the two Houses
assembled under the constitution and laws of
Iowa foi the purpose of performing this specific
duty, they became one body, as much as if the
constitution of Iowa had provided that the whole
legislative power should be in one body for that
specific purpose, the performance of that particu-
lar duty, not their legislative duty. There is no
legislation connected with it. It is an election,
and the members of the Legislature are the qual-
ified electors. When they came into joint con-
vention, they ceased to act as a Senate and House
of Representatives. They lost their distinctive
features as two bodies, and all became one body.
If the election had gone 011 not according to the
usual courtesy of calling on Senators first, and
members of the House of Representatives second,
and they had been called indifferently and in al-
phabetical order, their votes, I apprehend, would
have been just as legal as if the Senators and
Representatives voted separately.
When the two Houses assembled together they
formed a joint convention. The whole legislative
power of the State of Iowa for the specific pur-
pose of electing a Senator of the United States
was vested in that one body; and there was no
Senate and no House of Representatives for that
particular purpose, and a majority of that body
thus formed as a convention was competent to
elect. Whether, in a different capacity, its mem-
bers would have belonged to one House or the
other, in my humble opinion is wholly imma-
terial. They adjourned to a particular time, as
they were required to do by the law. They had
no power, under the law of Iowa, to dissolve
that joint convention until the duty for which it
was assembled was performed. They did not
pretend to dissolve it; but it is said, that on the
day of the adjourned meeting at which the sitting
member was chosen, the Senate of Iowa was not
in session. I hold that when the joint conven-
tion adjourned on Friday, the Senate might have
declared that they would not meet the next day,
with the distinct understanding that they were to
go into this joint convention, for they might have
said, "we need not meet to-morrow as a Senate,
because we are to meet in joint convention;" and
if, after that adjournment, the Senators the next
day assembled one by one in the joint conven-
tion, and a majority were there, an election made
under such circumstances would have been valid,
and its validity would hardly bo doubted by any
one, though a doubt has been intimated here.
We are to look at the substance of things, not
the form; and this I understand to be a directory
portion of the law of the State of Iowa. But my
friend from Connecticut, in arguing the illegality
of these proceedings, takes the ground that, inas-
much as the law of Iowa requires each House to
enter on its journal the proceedings of the joint
convention, the election is invalid^unless that
provision is complied with! Suppose the election
had taken place in one of the conventions that
met when a majority of each House was present,
and the incumbent had been elected, and upon
their return to the Senate Chamber there was a
majority of the Senate opposed to that election,
and they had directed the Sccrctary not to enter
the proceedings of the joint convention on the
record, as they had the power to do by a majority:
could they have vitiated the election by that
course? Was not the act complied with ? The
substance of the thing is receiving a majority of
the joint convention when it has been legally
formed. •
The other branch of Congress has decided
questions bearing on this point moYe repeatedly
than this body. You will recollect, sir, [Mr.
Biggs in the chair,] when we were members of
that House, that there was a contested election
from the State of Florida. The laws of that
State, as well as the laws of Georgia, provide
that the returns for members of Congress 'shall
be made to a particular officer upon a particu!ar
day. In Florida this provision was not complied
with. If I recollect correctly, according to the
report made by the present Secretary of the
Navy, [Mr. Dobbin,] then your colleague in
the House, the votes of two .counties were not
returned by the day the law required them to be
returned, and they were rejected. By that law
they ought not to have been counted; butwhatdid
Congress do ? In that case, in the Georgia case,
and in the New Jersey case, and it has, I believe,
now become a settled rule in the House of Rep-
resentatives, where the law of the State provides
that an individual receiving the highest number'
of votes, or a majority of the whole number of
votes, as the case may be, shall be elected, the
very moment the polls are closed and the ballots
are deposited, the person having the highest num-
ber of the legal votes in the box, or the majority,
is entitled to his seat for the term prescribed by
law. The counting of the votes and the sending
in the returns, the casting up of the figures, and all
other things provided by law are only to ascer-
tain that fact; and,# a mistake is made in any
way, the House being the judge of the qualifi-
cation and election of its own members, will cor-
rect that mistake, as they did in the cases to
which I have referred, and give the seat to the
individual who received the highest number of
votes, whether they were returned in the timo
prescribed in the statute or not. The principle
is, that the more important and essential point
of the law shall prevail; that is, that the person
receiving the proper number of legal votes, sh*H
be the representative of the people, and that the
failure or neglect of duty on the part of the return-
ing officer, or anybody else, either by design or
otherwise, shall not deprive the people of their
right, or the individual of his right. So pre-
cisely in the case under consideration.
It is admitted on all hands, that a majority of
the joint convention of the State of Iowa cast
their votes for the sitting member, and he was
declared to be duly elected. I have nothing to do
with the consequences, as far as my vote is con-
cerned; I care nothing about the consequences;
but I am convinced from the argument that has
been offered, (and we have had a great deal of '
very able argument 011 botW sides,) and, from
the reflection I have been able to bestow on this
subject, I have not a doubt on my mind of the
legality of the election. On the contrary, I am
not prepared to say that I would not even go
further. When the constitution and laws of a
State require a Senator to be elected, the cour-
tesy due from one branch of the Legislature to.
the other demands that there shall be an agfee-
ment between them on the time and place; but if
either body shall from any motive, I care not
whether party or otherwise, fail to do its duty,
and refuse to meet the other, and the branch of
the Legislature that may be willing to go into
the election shall notify the other witnin a reason-
able time that they will proceed to the election,
and a majority of the two branches meet ana
hold the election, I am not prepared to say it
would not be a legal election. I do not say that
it would bo valid. Where«the States have, as
in Iowa, and in other cases, prescribed that the
Senator shall be elected by a joint ballot oi the
two Houses, they have determined that there
shall be no senatorial and no representative
branch of the for this particiiiut
