290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
purpose. In such instances the members of both
branches of the Legislature form an electoral
college—for it amounts to nothing else—and for
that purpose they are all one body. All the
arrangements which are said to have been violated
in this case are only arrangements as to courtesy,
■which are very proper in their place; but I Appre-
hend that this election would have been just as
good if the members of the Senate had not gone
in state, or started off with the right foot fore-
most. If a majority of the joint body -was there
and acted, it seems to me to be a valid election.
For these reasons, I sM vote for the incumbent
retaining his seat.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion which is submitted to the Senate comes
before us in a shape as imposing, probably, as
any contested election ever could come. There
is no individual present contesting the seat of the
honorable Senator from Iowa; but we have before
us a solemn protest of one branch of the Legisla-
ture of his State, declaring that they took no part
in his election, and protest against his taking a
seat on this floor. I am not aware of all the pre-
cedents on the subject; I have not examined them;
but I can conceive of no circumstances under
■which a contest of this kind could be presented
more imperatively calling upon us for calmness
and deliberation before we come to a conclusion.
When this question was first presented to my
mind, I not only entertained no doubt myself
upon the subject, but it appeared to be a matter
not susceptible of two constructions. The argu-
ment, however, that has taken place in the Senate,
is the best proof of the uncertainty of human
judgment; for here, upon an admitted state of
facts, and with but very few plain behests of the
law before us, members are very widely divided
in opinion. I think, sir, that the views which I
entertain of this subject, although they concur in
many particulars with those of gentlemen who
have addressed the Senate, are not entirely in
accordance with any that I have heard expressed.
For that reason I beg leave, with all diffidence, to
submit them—submitting <ihem with the more
diffidence because I have not yet heard them
urged, in the precise light, at all events, in which
they strike my mind.
I believe, Mr. President, all admit that the ex-
clusive power having authority to organize the
Legislature of a State, is the people of that State
assembled in convention to form its constitution.
I believe all will admit that the people assembled
in convention have the right to constitute their
Legislature in any mode and manner that may
seem lit to them, for the performance of any
business which it may become incumbent on that
Legislature to transact, either under the State
constitution or under that of the United States.
I think none will dispute this. I draw, then,
from that undisputed power of a State conven-
tion, this corollary: that in the formation of a
State constitution, it may provide as it pleases for
that which shall constitute a Legislature to do
any business whatever. For instance, it is per-
fectly competent for the constitution of the State
of Iowa, taking the case under consideration for
illustration, to declare that, for the purpose of
levying taxes, the Legislature of the State shall
be composed of tftree bodies, whose concurrence
shall be required for the validity of any law levy-
ing taxes; and further to provide that, for the
passage of any other laws, the Legislature shall
consist of two branches, a Senate and House of
Representatives; and further to provide that, for
the purpose of electing a Senator of the United
States, or performing any electoral duties con-
fided to that body by the State constitution, this
Legislature shall consist of one body, and that
that body shall be composed of the members of
the Senate and House of Representatives, who-
shall be ex officio members of the single body that
shall constitute the Legislature for electoral pur-
poses.
In other words, I know.no limits to the power
of the people of a State in organizing a Legisla-
ture. I do know a limit to that power in relation
to giving directions to the Legislature upon the
election of Senatois. The Constitution of the
United States is the source of the authority to
elect the Senator. The constitution of a State
organizes the Legislature, and upon the subject
of senatorial election can go no further than to
Organize a Legislature. The instant that consti-
tution proceeds to determine- at what time and
what place, or in what manner the Legislature
which it has organized is to proceed to the elec-
tion of a Senator, it usurps a function which, by
the Constitution of the United States, is exclu-
sively within the power of the State Legislature
after its organization.
Now, sir, taking these two constitutions—Iowa
and Louisiana, if you please, for my colleague
has referred to that of our own State—what do
you find? You find the exercise of the organizing
power, to which I have just referred, existing in
the constitution of Louisiana; for the convention
which created the constitution of that State has
provided for two Legislatures—one the Legisla-
ture which is to pass laws; and it is provided that
that Legislature shall consist of a Senate and
House of Representatives, and that no law can
be passed unless it passes each body separately
by a quorum of that'body, and is afterwards ap-
proved by the Governor; but for the purpose of
electing a United States Senator the people of
Louisiana had a right to organize their Legisla-
ture as they pleased; and they have organized a
Legislature for electoral purposes by declaring
that the Legislature which is to elect a Senator
shall be one body, not two; and that that one
body shall be composed of the members of the
two branches—not of the two branches as sepa-
rate bodies, but of the members of the two
branches. The convention of Louisiana, there-
fore, in my judgment, exercising a power inhe-
rent in the people, organized a Legislature for
the purpose of electing a Senator, and so far had
power to act. The convention went further, and
prescribed at what time the election should take
place. In that it usurped the function of the
Legislature; and to that extent, in my judgment,
its behests may be legally and constitutionally
disobeyed, because it had no power to give the
order.
Last year we had a question involving, in my
judgment, the same principles as that now before
the Senate; and by a large majority in the case
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] the Senate determined that a State
convention, in forming the constitution of a State,
had no power to change the qualifications re-
quired for a seat in this body; because those
qualifications were fixed by the Constitution of
the United States, and could neither be added to
nor diminished by the power of the people of a
State. This power, vested in the Legislatures
of the separate States, being conferred on them
by the Constitution of the United States, can
neither be diminished, enlarged, nor extended
by any act of the people of the States in their
conventions. Their power is limited to organ-
izing the Legislature. The Legislature once
organized, gets its power over the election of a
Senator, not from its State constitution, but from
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. President, if I am right in this statement
of principles — and I see nothing in them not
perfectly in accordance with the entire theory of
our State and General Governments—it follows
that, in order to ascertain whether the Senator
who now claims his seat has been duly elected,
we have to look to a set of provisions in two
forms of Government, the General and the State
Government. Both are to be observed in their
respective spheres; and if the Legislature of the
State of Iowa, in the passage of the law under
discussion, has exceeded the powers conferred
upon it in relation to this subject by the Consti-
tution of the United States or the constitution of
the State of Iowa, to that extent the action is in-
valid, as being in contravention of the supreme
law of the land.
I think we may the more readily get a clear
view of the true principles which govern this sub-
ject, if we take the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States and the provisions of the
constitution of the State of Iowa, and read them
as if they were all in one instrument. They are
all to be obeyed and observed. Let us read them
in sequence as if they were but one instrument.
Without referring to their precise language, the
case is this: The constitution of the State of Iowa
has the exclusive power of organizing a Legisla-
ture; that Legislature has the power to choose a
Senator; that Legislature has the power to de-
termine the time and place and manner in which
it shall exercise i.s choice. Pleading the consti-
tution of the State of Iowa, let me see how that
Legislature is: constituted, and I will interpolate
in it, collocating the sentences in different order,
those provisions of the Constitution of the United
States which have reference to the subjcct, and
which are equally binding.
" The Legislative authority of this State shall he vested
in a Senate and House of Representatives, which shall be
designated the General Assembly of the State of Iowa. The
business of this legislative authority is to pass laws and to
elec.t a United States ^Senator. A majority of each tlouse
sliall constitute a quorum to do business."
Read these sentences thus collocated,and where
is the doubt? The Legislature of the State of
Iowa has the night to choose a Senator. The
legislative authority is vested in a Senate and
House of Representatives. Its business shall be
(this I interpolate) to pass laws and elect a Sena-
ator of the United States, and a majority of each
House shall constitute a quorum to do business.
Now, sir, if it be in part the business of the
Legislature of Iowa to elect a Senator to the Con-
gress of the United States, then it cannot elect
that Senator under the terms of the constitution
of the State, unless there be present a quorum of
the two Houses. In the case at bar, it is ad-
mitted on all hands that there was no quorum of
the two Houses. This really seems conclusive
of the question on its face. How is this argu-
ment met? We are referred to a law of the
Legislature of Iowa, passed in the year 1847,
ordering the Legislature of Iowa that sat in the
year 1854 to proceed, at a certain time and place,
m a certain manner, to elect a Senator. The first
thing that strikes my mind on this statement of
the case is, whence did the Legislature of 1847
derive the power to lay down rules and give laws
to the Legislature of 1854 ? Of what validity is
the act of the Legislature of 1847 in controlling
the action of the Legislature of 1854 ? Law is a
solemn expression of legislative will. By its very
nature, it emanates from a superior, and is ad-
dressed to the inferior. It commands; it ordains;
or it prohibits. For the purpose of doing any
one of these acts, it must emanate from some
power superior to that to which it is addressed.
What right, then, had the Legislature of 1847 to
lay down the law and give orders to the Legisla-
ture of 1854? Was it superior? Not so, sir;
for the Legislature of 1854 is to this extent its su-
perior, that it had the right to overthrow all that
it had done, and to say that just the reverse should
be the law to that which the Legislature of 1847
determined should be the law. We might as
well say that because the House of Representa-
tives of the United States has power to pass rules
for its own government, the House of Represent-
atives now in existence can declare what shall be
the rules of that House for all time to come.
When the Constitution of the United States
vested in the State Legislature the right of choos-
ing a Senator, and the right of naming the time
and place and manner of holding the election, it
created a jurisdiction which had exclusive author-
ity over the whole subject-matter; and that juris-
diction is the Legislature, not of to-day, nor of
yesterday, nor of to-morrow, but it is the Legis-
lature for the time being which elects the Senator;
and it is. for that reason that, with the greatest
deference to the judgment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] I cannot
concur with his argument as far as it is based on
the disregard of this law by the Legislature of
1854. I look on that law as nothing more than
an agreement between the two Houses of the Iowa
Legislature in the year 1847, for the establish- •
ment of ajomt rule, just as the two bodies of this .
Congress have madejo'int rules for regulating the .
manner in which they will discharge the func- "
tions in which the action of both is required.
But suppose at any one moment either body de-
clines to act in conformity with the joint rales:
will legislation passed in open violation of them
thereby be the less valid? If the two bodies of
the Legislature of Iowa in 1854 bad chosen by
, joint resolution to declare that each House would
! deposit ballots in a box in each House, and
! would then order those ballots thus deposited in
; separate boxes to be counted together, it would
| have been in direct violation of every provision
j of the law of 1847; and yet who will stand up
and declare that a legislative election in that mode
would be invalid? The Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States have certain
powers to exercise in common. It is their duty
