1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBff.
the question, in what character do members of
such Legislature act ? Do they act as a Legisla-
ture—a body—or as individuals? The conclusion
to which 1 have come in reference to this matter
is that which has been stated by many gentlemen
on the- other side, that they act in their capacity
as a body. It is the body constituted by the con-
stitution of the State as the Legislature of the
State. I say " the body"—one body, because
the Legislature is one body. It may consist of
two parts—it may consist of a House of Repre-
sentatives and a Senate, or more if you please-
but of how many parts soever it may consist, it
is still one body. In Iowa it is the General
Assembly, consisting of two parts—a Senate and
a House of Representatives; and when this power
is conferred on " the Legislature," speaking of
it as a Legislature, it is conferred upon a body,
consisting, it may be, of several parts, and to be
executed according to their own will, within the
provisions of the Constitution, aiM the powers
conferred on them by the Constitution.
If it is one body, it has certain powers which
it may exercise singly. If it consists of two
parts, the assent of each of those parts must be
given to its action. Action is to be had. An
agent is constituted, consisting of two different
assemblages, making one body. Now, in order
to make the exercise of their power legal, what
is the result necessarily? It necessarily is, that
there must be the assent of those two separate
existences to whatever action is proposed to be
had, in order to execute the nower thus conferred
on them; ami to constitute Watis called, in legal
phrase, the act of the body, which is to perform
the service required.
Tile next inquiry that arises is, in what man-
ner must this act be performed? The Constitu-
tion of the United States settles that. It says
that the times, places, and manner of holding
elections fur the choice of Senators shall be left
to tiiii L"!:islature itself, and, as I said before,
necessai ily to the Legislature which is to perform
the act. They have full power over it. There
is no limitation of that power. They may do it,
within tlie forms of law, and under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, precisely as they
please. All that is necessary is that there should
be a legal assent to the mode which they choose
to adopt in order to accomplish the purpose.
I will illustrate this by supposing a case. Sup-
pose Congress to exercise its reserved power.
One tiling is evident, Congress has a reserved
power which it may exercise, as to the manner
of holding elections. Suppose it undertakes to
exercise it: can Congress compel the election of
a Senator? I hold with other gentlemen; the in-
clination of my rnitid—although I do not deem
the question material—is, that it cannot. It can-
not compel a State to elect a Senator; it cannot
compel a Legislature to act. It can exercise no
compulsive power over either branch of the
Legislature. It cannot say to the Legislature, to
this branch or to that branch, that it shall act at a
particular time, at a particular place, and in a
particular manner. If the Legislature, after a
law of Congress of this description, should un-
dertake to act in a different manrrcr, the election
would not be valid; but that is a very different
question from considering whether Congress has
the power to compel a Legislature to act. If it
has no power to compel the Legislature to act, it
certainly has no power to compel any one com-
ponent part of the Legislature to act, if it sees
fit not to do so.
I know this question has been much considered,
and there was an illustration of it in an occurrence
that took place in my own State long ago, and
wlucli, I think, may shed some light upon it.
The original constitution of Massachusetts, of
which Maine was a part, provided for the election
of representatives by towns, as municipal corpo-
rations. It gave so many representatives to such
and such towns. Representation was not predi-
cated entirely upon the number of people, although
that might have been the leading idea, but to the
town of A so many, one, two, or more represent-
atives were given, and others to the town of B,
and so on. When Maine framed its constitution
it adopted a different principle, and settled ques-
tions of representation by the consideration of
the number of people, and classed towns accord-
ing to their population, in order to entitle them
to representatives in the Legislature. A majority
of the people of a town voted on a certain occa-
sion, in Maine, that it would send no represent-
ative; whereupon the minority of the people of-
that town went on and elected, after that vote
was taken, a member of the Legislature. The
minojjjty of our supreme court held, and their
opinion was unquestionably a right one, and it
was adopted by the Legislature, that in Massa-
chusetts the right of representation was a corpo-
rate right, but in Maine, under our constitution,
the right of representation was not a corporate
right, but a right of the people, and that it was
not in the power of a majority to deprive the
minority of tMPright of representation in the
Legislature of the State.
The cases are not exactly similar; but it may
be considered that the right of representation in
the Senate of the United States is in some de-
gree a corporate right—a right of a State as a
State. The representation in the Senate is founded
upon the doctrine of representing States, and not
the people of the States. The people of the
States are represented by the Representatives in
the other branch. If it is to be considered as a
right belonging to the States, then it may be con-
sidered a corporate right. I do not lay this down
as a principle, but only as an illustration. Then
it might follow that a majority of the Legislature
can, if they choose, refuse to have the State rep-
resented in the Senate. At all events, there is
no practical mode that I am able to imagine, in
which a State can be compelled to exercise the
power; and if there is no mode in which the
State can be compelled to elect a Senator, it fol-
lows that there is no mode in which Congress
by a law could compel any one branch of a Le-
gislature to go into an election at any particular
time, although an election held in a different
mode, and a different time and manner, from that
prescribed by Congress, would undoubtedly be
void.
But suppose Congress should undertake to ex-
ercise tins power, and should provide that, at a
time to be fixed by the Legislature, the two
branches, or the several branches, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature, or of the several branches,
should meet in convention, and, being so met, a
majority of the whole number should constitute
a quorum, and that they should then proceed to
the election of a Senator, and that the person who
received the majority of the votes thrown in such
a convention thus formed, should be declared
elected; and then, having passed this law, the
several branches of the Legislature sitting sepa-
rately, each in its respective Chamber, and acting
under the constitution of the State, and by virtue
of its authority, should vote that they will now
proceed, or on some particular day proceed, to
form a convention for the election of a United
States Senator; do they not give their assent—
their legal constitutional assent—by that vote to
the mode proposed by which a Senator is to be
elected ?
If such a law was passed by Congress, in
virtue of the power reserved to Congress in the
Constitution to legislate on the subject, and the
Legislature of the State by its distinct branches,
acting according to the ordinaiy course of busi-
ness, should give their assent to it by voting that,
at the time and place fixed, they would proceed
in the manner thus designated to elect a Senator,
and the members of the two Houses should ac-
cordingly meet in convention in pursuance of
that act, that vote, that assent thus given, and an
election should there be "had by a majority of a
quorum of the whole number, according to the
law of Congress, would not such an election be
legal, whether there was a majority of the Senate
there or not, or whether there was a majority of
the House there or not? I contend that it would.
"Why ? Because all that is necessary is that there
should be a legal assent, according to the forms
of proceeding of the Legislature, to that elec-
tion. It is the act of the Legislature itself when
adopted. Congress has provided that it should
be in that mode. The Legislature has assumed
that position; it has indorsed that provision; it
has accepted it as its own; it goes into the con-
vention thus provided for by Congress to make
that election. When it has gone into that con-
vention under these rules, it goes by virtue of
an act, or What is equivalent to an act, of the
Legislature, and whatever is done there is done
by virtue of that act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The' honorable Senator will
permit me to say one word. I kno#jhe is too
practiced a debater to be displeased inter-
ruption. The difficulty that 1 find in his argu-
ment is, that we do hot agree, as to what is com- .
prehended by the words " manner of holding the
election." The Senatmjsays that by an act of
Congress or an agreenroit of the State Legisla-
ture, the manner of holding an election would
comprehend an agreement in advance by the
Senate that an election should be held without a
quorum of either body being present. Now, the
Legislature might so consent, but the State con-
stitution provides that there can be no quorum
without a majority of the Senate, and therefore,
that consent of the Senate, in my judgment,
would be entirely nugatory; or in other words,
the Senate cannot in advance agree that it will
take as an election the choice of a body composed
of a minority of the Senate, not a quorum.
Mr. PESSENDEN. My answer to that must
be obvious from what I have previously said. 1
do not agree with the Senator at all that there is
any power in the constitution of the State beyond
the mere designation of what shall constitute the
Legislature. When it says that a quorum of each
branch shall be necessary to do business, it refers
to the business of the State. It cannot designate
what shall be a quorum in regard to business to
be done, not by virtue of the State constitution,
or under the State constitution, but by virtue
simply of the power granted by the Constitution
of the United States, the Legislature being an
agent of the United States.
I agree with him in the language which I think
he used, that when the State constitution has
designated what the Legislature shall be, it has
exhausted its power. The provision which it
afterwards makes in regard to the business to be
done by the Legislature, refers to State business;
and the State cannot make any regulation, either
in the constitution or by law, which shall have
the slightest binding effect on the Legislature,
which is the agent, and sole agent, and has the
sole power to act in reference to the matter.
There is where we differ. That provision of the
constitution of Iowa, with regard to a quorum,
has no effect; and it is competent for Congress to
say, if it pleases, what shall constitute a quorum;
and although it cannot make that imperative on
the Legislature which is to act, (that is to say, it
cannot compel the Legislature to act,) yet when
the Legislature, which is the sole agent, and has
the sole authority, agrees to accept the law, and
votes to meet at that time, for that purpose, under
those provisions, whatever it does under those
provisions is legal. It is not to be controlled by
the provisions in the State constitution of Iowa,
as to what shall be a quorum. The Senator con-
tradicts himself when he undertakes to say that
all the power the State has is to designate what
the Legislature is, and has no power over the
Legislature, and yet undertakes to say that the
Legislature must be bound by the provisions in
the constitution of Iowa in regard to what con-
stitutes a quorum in relation to their business !
I doubt very much, and I think.it is more in-
genious than sound, the distinction which the
Senator draws in regard to the constitution of
Louisiana. He says two Legislatures are con-
stituted by that constitution, one for one purpose,
and one for another. I doubt the power to do
that. There is and can be but one Legislature
of the State of Louisiana. When it constitutes
its Legislature for all State purposes, the Consti-
tution of the United States confers on that very
Legislature the right and power to elect a Sen-
ator; and when the constitution of Louisiana
goes on to provide that that Legislature, in elect-
ing a Senator, shall act in a different mode, it
provides what it cannot enforce. _ The matter
cannot be got rid of by saying that it means one
Legislature for one purpose, and another for
another purpose. That is a mere evasidiifjif the
honorable Senator will allow me to says.Oi.7It
is a mode of getting out of the difficulty,
he cannot meet it. The Legislaturer-ifethe^w-
making power. It is the power which the con-
stitution of a State has provided for enacting
laws for the purpose of accomplishing the objects
of legislation; and it cannot constitute another
Legislature with no power to make laws, and no
power to do anything bu# simply elect a United
States Senator. No, sir. You get back to the
