1657.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to be either. Then, if certain members chose to
be absent, not reducing the number present below
' a, majority, or a quorum, can it be possible that
gentlemen conceive and believe that, simply be-
cause the constitution of Iowa provides that, in
doing business, there must be a quorum of each
House, therefore, in transacting this affair, which
is placcd in their hands by the Constitution of
the United States, they must be controlled by
that provision, and can elect in no other mode?
The conclusion to my mind is by no means an
obvious, or even a legitimate one.
But, sir, I might consider the question under
the law of the State, and under that law several
Senators have considered it; and even if you con-
sider the Legislature as adopting the law, there
is no question in my mind that the proceedings
are legal. Onepointhasbeen started incidentally
by some Senators—that it was obvious from the
law that the Legislature intended to keep up a
distin'ct organization of the two branches in con-
vention. By no manner of means. The law, by
clear and strong implication, negatives any such
idea. There is nothing in the law from which
such an inference can be fairly drawn. On the
contrary, all the provisions of that law go con-
clusively to show, to my mind at least, that the
intention of those who passed it was that there
should be'a complete merger of the two Houses
in one, and that they should act as one body.
Let me refer to a few of the provisions of the
law, which will, I think, make this conclusion
quite obvious.
Section one, after providM^ how the conven-
tion shall be formed, says:
" The members of both Houses thereof shall meet 111
convention in the Hall of the House of Repiesontatives,
for the purpose of electing a Senator or Senators by joint
vote."
Does that look as if they meant to keep up a
distinct organization of the two bodies, and vote
as two bodies ?
Then " the President of the Senate, or in his
absence the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, shall preside over the deliberations of the
convention; and in the absence of both, a Pres-
ident pro tempore shall be appointed by joint vote."
There is another provision which expressly
negatives the idea of separate action. There is
a provision for the appointment of tellers. Are
tellers to be appointed by the convention? No.
One is to be appointed by the Senate, and ono is
to be appointed by the House.
If there was to be a distinct organization kept
up after the convention was formed, they would
naturally be appointed by each body after the
convention was formed; but the language of the
law, is that " at any time prior to meeting in con-
vention as aforesaid, after the time for meeting
has been designated as aforesaid, each branch of
the General Assembly shall appoint one teller."
Why did it render it necessary that the appoint-
ment by the Senate, and by the House, should be
prior to the meeting of the convention, if it had
not been for the idea that, when they were once
met in convention, there could be no separate
action by the Senate and House, because they
both formed one body ?
" When the convention shall he oiganized as aforesaid,
the members present shall proceed to choose viva voce a
Senator or Senators."
It gives a particular mode in which it shall be
done. Leaving out the use of the-expression
iS the members,5* which has been sufficiently ad-
verted to, there is but one single clause in tlus
act which I can find that has the slightest ten-
dency to show, in any degree, that it was intended
to keep up a distinct organization. What is that?
Simply the provision that the Secretary of the
Senate shall keep a record of the proceedings.
The Clerk of the House is Secretary of the con-
vention. There is a separate provision, that the
Secretary of the Senate shall keep a record. £>oes
this show a separate action? It is not that the
Senate shall keep it, but the Secretary of the
Senate—a particular person designated, holding
9. particular office, shall keep it—for what pur-
pose? Simply that the proceedings of the con-
: vention. may be entered by its own officer 011 its
own records, and on the records of both Houses.
That is all—-merely that there should be a proper
record made up. That is the only provision that
I have been able to discover which gives any
idea of any separate a^fcon in reference to the
subject. If there is any other, Senators will call
my attention to it if they see lit to do so.
-The main question then, is, was this election a
fair one—without fraud ? If there was any fraud
—if there was any practice having a tendency to
make the election unfairr—of course that settles
the wlfcle matter. In order to arrive at that ques-
tion, you mffst consider whether they acied
according to ordinary forms—either under the act
or otherwise, as you please—and then you pro-
ceed, if you regard them as acting under the pro-
vision of the existing law, to consider whether
they substantially complied with those provis-
ions ? Did the^substantially do what the act
required ?
The honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Dovglas,] the other day, was unable to discover
the difference between an essential provision of a
statute and one which was merely directory. His
reply to the suggestion that certain provisions
were only directory, was that all was directory
from beginning to end. Why, sir, the Senator
very well knows that the law Gooks make a dis-
tinction between that which is of the essence of
a thing, especially in regard to elections,and that
■which is only a form of doing the thing, for the
prevention of fraud and the like. If the thing is
substantially done, and all the essentials are com-
plied with—if the essence is attended to properly
—an election is never held invalid on account of
the omission of a form, although that form may
be prescribed by the statute. It is for the very
reason that it is desirable to correct, or dispose 01,
the errors which may be made by officers of elec-
tions, that the question of whether a person is
clected or not is left to the body of which he is a
member, which is not, controlled by particular
provisions that do not go to the substance of the
thing. For instance, the Senate can very easily,
sec, by looking at the act in question, a distinc-
tion between what is essential and what is not—
what is the essence and what is merely the form.
Here is the first provision:
" That at each and every regular session of the General
Assembly of this State next pioectfing the cxpiiation of the
constitutional term of sciviec of a United States Senator,
01 at any session when a vacancy shall exist, at an hour to
he designated by a resolution of either branch, with the
eoncurieuce of the other branch of the Genexal-Assem-
bly,'1 &c.
It is unquestionably true that both branches
must concur; and unless both branches do con-
cur, something which is exceedingly essential
has been omitted; and when both branches do
concur, an essential matter has been performed.
I would ask the Senator, does he contend that, if
everything else that was neccssary had been com-
plied with, all the other provisions of the statute,
and the Secretary of the Senate had refused to
enter its proceedings upon its rceord, thereby the
election would be made invalid? Nobody can so
pretend. It is manifestly such a mere incident—
such a mere formal matter—such amere directory
regulation, as would not affect the result one way
or the other.
I think, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] in the close of
his remarks, stated a case which entirely over-
turned his whole argument. Supposing the case
of Virginia, in which he supposes that an election
being held there by the Senate and the House of
Delegates severally, if A icceives a majority of
one in the Senate, and B receives a majority of
two in the House, it is no election, because the
House and Senate do not concur; but it is then,
he contends, perfectly competent for both branches
to decide that, on the next vote, the person who
receives a majority of all the votes, both in the
House and Senate, shall be declared duly elected
Senator. Is that his proposition?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The fact is not stated cor-
rectly. Jn Virginia, in that case, the election is
valid on the first ballot.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not stating it as a
fact. We are merely supposing a case. That
is the statement made by the Senator for illus-
tration.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is to say, if the
Senate and House, acting separately, disagree, the
result may be that they may pass a resolution that
if the result is the same on the next balloting, and
A has one more vote on the whole than B, A shall
be elected. If that bo so, why is it not perfectly
competent for the Legislature to agree in the-first
place by a resolution that the Spnateiand House;
will meet in convention, and' if-A recgiv.es a ma-
jority of all the votes thrown, A ahalflSMeclared
clected? For the result is precisely itfe-same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated that I believed
that to be perfectly constitutional, but that it is
not competent for the Senate to agree th&t a mi-
nority of the Senate shj# jneet the House and
effect the result. 5 *
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do no such thing.
That is a case which the Senator supposes. I
did net contend that-that would be competent;
but it is competent for the Senate to agree that
the Senate will meet the House, and that the
pepon who has the majority of all the voters
then voting individually, shall be declared elected.
■Then, when they have agreed to that, the law,
or resolve, stands agreed to on the record. It
is settled by a vote of both branches of the
Legislature. It has become a fixed and determ-
ined act. They get together and vote, and a
majority of the votes of a quorum of both bodies
are thrown for A. " Then is he not elected just
as well as he would be if they were acting under
a resolution, that when one had a majority of the
votes of both Houses, cast separately, he should
be elected? That last result the Senator con-
cedes. What is the answer that may be sug-
gested? It may appear that a majority of tne
Senate was not present at the time. But the Sen-
ate has voted that a convention should be fortfied.
The Senate cannot compel the attendance of its
members in the convention. When that conven-
tion is formed, according to that vote, it becomes
one single body, not two bodies, and being one
single body, all that can be looked at is simply
the question, whether a candidate has a majority
of all the votes of a quorum of that body ?
Now, what is the remedy proposed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard?] He says
that a convention may be formed under the con-
stitution, a vote may be taken, and a person who
receives a majority may be declared elected, even
if there is a minority of the Senate present. If
110 objection is made, it is acquiesced in at the
time, and he may be declared elected, though
there is not a quorum, according to his definition,
of the two bodies, or of each body. Did I un-
derstand him correctly? It is so printed. lie
says there must be acquiescence. If there is
acquiescence it passes sub sihntio, and becomes
a legal election; but if the body which has a
minority there chooses to object at the time, theil
it is 110 election! I should like to ask him what
would be his process of action? He says that
the two branches are merged in one. He says,
too—if I read his speech rightly, and heard it
correctly—thatSenatorscan only act as such while
the Senate is in session in its distinct capacity,
or by appointment as a committee to sit during
the recess. Sir, the Senate is in recess when it is
in convention; the House is in recess when it is
in convention; and when tliey are in convention
in that mode they are the Legislature in conven-
tion; and when they have voted to form that con-
vention, and that vote is according to the provis-
ions of law, and they have the right to pass it, as
I Senators all around coneede, the Legislature can
be legally nowhere else during the hours when
that Legislature should bo in convention, in pur-
suance of its own vote. When they have met
in convention, the Legislature is there. I answer
the suggestion made by Senators, how the Senate
can be there if it is in session somewhere else, by
saying that, during the period which has been
decided upon for the meeting of the convention,
the Senate cannot be anywhere else. The Senate
is there because the whole Legislature is there in
convention, and any action of the Senate in its
chamber, at that period, is illegal, because it has
no power to be anywhere else, legally, but in the
convention. That answers the statement made
by the honorable Senatorfrom Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey,j that he could notconceiveof the33enate
being in two places at once. The Senate is in
convention whether any Senator is tHeje or not,
because the Legislature is in convention, and "the
i Legislature is there, and can be nowhere elaa
i during the hour assigned for its meeting.
No inquiry can be made in. reference to the
action of that convention except the simple in-
quiry, was there a majority present ? That must -
necessarily come up on the vote, because the vote
is declared. If a quorum of the whole body
