296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
voted, it makes no difference who was a Senator
and who was a Representative. The question |
refers to the body—each member of the body
being equal to any other, and there being no dis-
tinction between the members of the Senate and
the House.
I ask'the Senator from Delaware further how
the dissent of which h#lpoke is to be expressed ?
There are three bodies, according to his state-
ment, in the same chamber at once, all in session.
There is, in the first place, the convention, con-
sisting of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, presided over by the President of the Sen-
ate; then there is the Senate separately and the
House separately—three bodies acting upon the
same subject with equal powers, one having the
power to do a thing, and each of the others having
power to negative that thing, and provide that it
shall not be done if it sees fit. Did any one ever
hear of such an anomaly as that in legislation or
public assemblies anywhere ? The acquiescence
of which the Senator speaks is given in the vote
to go into convention. Then they acquiesce in
the result, provided that result is brought about
by a constitutional majority, a quorum of the
body that meets—not a quorum of the two sepa-
rate branches.
I dissent widely from the position of the hon-
orable Senator, that when an act has been duly
passed—when a resolve has been duly made by
two branches of a Legislature in reference to their
joint action, it is competent for any one branch
of that Legislature to rescind that resolve, and
make it inoperative. He requires acquiescence.
They have agreed to acquiesce. They have agreed
to meet in convention by a solemn vote to do a
certain act. When they have thus met is it com-
petent, or before they have thus met even—for I
go the whole length—is it competent for one branch
to decide that that joint meeting shall not take
place when the other does not concur? By no
manner of means, because, if that is so, you make
a part greater than the whole. You reverse one
of the first principles existing in nature, that the
whole includes the parts and controls the parts;
and m no case is this more true than in reference
to legislation.
Of as little force, in my judgment, is the posi-
tion taken by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Toccey,] that the Senate can only
act properly, or the House act properly, while it
is, in his sense of the word, m actual session.
It has been suggested to me by a friend that there
is but one session, and that is from the beginning
to the end of the meeting of the Legislature.
Intermediate adjournments do not affect it. But
the position of the honorable Senator, I under-
stand to be, that the Senate must come from an
actual meeting in its chamber, in session, not
having adjourned, into convention, or whatever
is done there, though they may all go individu-
ally, is of no effect whatever.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will explain. The position
•which I took on that point is this: The constitu-
tion of Iowa provides that each branch shall sit
upon its own adjournments. ' The Senate cannot
sit and cannot act except upon its own adjourn-
ment. The course everywhere is, when there is
a joint convention of the two branches, the House
adjourns to a given day, and is in session; the
Senate adjourns to that day, and is in session.
When both branches are in session, the Senate
in session removes from its chamber to the cham-
ber of the House without adjourning, and the
House does not adjourn. After the dissolution
or adjournment of the convention, the Senate re-
turns to its own chamber, and there enters on the
record the doings of the convention. Now, the
idea that I advanced in reply to the honorable
Senator from Maine was, that the Senate on that
day, having met and having adjourned till Mon-
day, after that adjournment it was impossible
that there could be a joint convention even if
every individual member of the Senate went into
the House and acted. I entertain that opinion
still; but in this case the question does not arise,
because a majority of the Senate did not go there.
That places it 011 a different ground, though if
there had been more members who entered, my
opinion would have been still the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A majority of the Senate
was there in point of fact, although I do not rely
on that at all. I answer the honorable Senator ,
from Connecticut in this way: I care nothing at |
all about the provisions of the constitution of
Iowa. Suppose it did provide that the Senate
should sit on its own adjournment ? The consti-
tution of Iowa, let me repeat to the Senator, or
any provision in it, has no sort of effect on this
matter that may not be controlled entirelyliy the
Legislature. According to the Senator's own
doctrine, which he laid down with so much clear-
ness and precision in the case of the honorable
Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr.Trumbull,] the power
to act upon this question is derived from the Con-
stitution of the United States. The constitution
of Iowa simply provides what shall constitute
the Legislature. When it liasjfcne that, all its
rules in reference to the action of the Legislature
relate to nothing in the world but its action as a
Legislature for the State of Iowa, because, having
constituted the Legislature, the Constitution of
the United States makes the Legislature its agent,
puts the power into its hands to fix the manner
of holding elections, and it may fix just what
manner of holding elections, and make just such
number of requirements as it pleases within the
limits of the Constitution of the United States
upon the subject, and the act is legal.
Now, sir, of what possible consequence can it
be whether the Senate had adjourned or not, if,
in pursuance of a previous law passed by them-
selves, or a previous vote to which both branches
have given their concurrence, all the members
of both branches are present in convention ?
What difference does it make whether they come
from their respective -boarding-houses, at the
hour named, into the convention thus formed, or
whether they come in due order preceded by
their Sergeant-at-Arms, &c., from the Senate
Chamber into the House of Representatives from
an actual session on that day ?
Mr. TOUCEY. I will answer the inquiry in
a word. The answer is, that the adjournment is
an order binding upon every member of the body
as an independent body, and that it is impossible
for any member of that body to do an act in the
mean time, and it is impossible that the Senate
should be in session 111 the mean time; just as
much so as if the vote of the Senate had been
distinctly declared that they would not go into
joint convention. That is my idea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 grant that no member
can do an act as a member of the Senate in that
distinct capacity, in the mean time. *
Mr. TOUCEY. Or in any capacity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I deny. It does not
follow, because the Senate and House, in their
distinct capacity, have previously voted that on
such a day and at such an hour the Senate and
House — meaning the members, because it in-
cludes the members —shall be in convention.
That is where they are; that is where the Legis-
lature is. When the Senate adjourned it adjourned
as a Senate. It did not adjourn the convention.
When the convention adjourned it adjourned as
a convention of the Senate and House; and the
members composing the convention of the Senate
and House can come together when the hour
arrives, no matter where they come from, and
no matter whether a majority of one branch is
there or not, if there is a majority of the
whole.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator allow me to
put an interrogatory ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. I willask the honorable Sen-
ator if ever m this country there has been an
instance when the Senate went into convention
with the House, not being itself in session, ac-
cording to its adjournment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be the first time
in the history of the country—I hope it is the
last—in which any majority of a Senate ever be-
haved so badly as did that Senate of Iowa in this
instance. I hope there has been no other case,
and that there never will be another.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a casein point. The
Legislature of Indiana, 111 the election of .Mr. ,
White to a seat as a member of this body, con- !
vened from day to day as a convention without 1
meeting as a House of Representatives, or as a |
Senate, in their separate Halb, as the Journals
of the Legislature of Indiana will show. They 1
were in session'as a convention, perhaps, for as
many as twenty or thirty days, had much diffi-
culty m agreeing, and convened on their own
adjournment as a convention from day to day
I without going into their separate Halls as a Sen-
' ate and House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am sorry that they
behave so badly out West as they seem to do
in reference to these matters. [Laughter.] That',
however, the Senator from Connecticut well
knows is no answer. Suppose it to be the first
case in the history of the country. It may be
the first case in which the necessity arose, but
the want of a precedent does not show the ille-
gality of the proceeding. There must ever bs
precedents made by new cases. This case per-
haps stands alone.
What is the result? Let me repeat. The con-
vention was legally formed. That convennon
had, as its incident, whether acting underthelaw
or not, the power of adjournment. It was the
Legislature in convention, as everybody concedes.
""Certainly it has been conceded by every Senator
that they had a right to form that convention;
and if they had a right to form it, when formed,
the Legislature was m convention. That neces-
sarily follows. Being in convention they had,
as before stated, a right to adjourn. They did
adjourn to an hour certain. The power of the
Legislature in convention overruled the power of
each separate body to act upon the matter without
the concurrence of the other. Certainly it did,
because they were acting under a law passed by
both bodies, and no one body can reverse that
decision or declare that law inoperative; else, as I
have said before, you put both parts of the Legis-
lature, the whole body of the Legislature, under
the control of oneWngle component part of it,
which is an absurdity. A decision mado by both,
it is said, may be reversed by either singly. Not
at all. I deny that proposition; and 1 say, even
if it is correct, what the Senator states could not
follow, that a time and place being legally agreed
upon and fixed, it is necessary for those two
1 Houses to proceed each as a body, to the place
: fixed at the time appointed. If they go there,
i it is all that is necessary. They are there. Then
; suppose all the votes to be thrown for a particu-
, lar individual, and he to be thus elected uoani-
! mously, by the members of both branches; the
i Senator from Connecticut says that the election
J would be illegal, simply because the members
I got there without first going into their respective
| chambers and holding a meeting.
] Mr. TOUCEY. Because there was 110 Senate
i there.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate was there
; from the beginning; the Senate was there from
; the time the convention met; and when the con-
| vention adjourned fiom day to day, the Senate
1 necessarily adjourned to meet in convention,
j Daring that period they could not perform any
! separate act, and have that act legal, simply
j because the Legislature was, by its own vote,
| in convention at that time. I agree with the
i honorable Senator from Georgia, in full, that,
provided there was a majority of both brandies,
it is of no sort of consequence whether there was
a single Senator there or not. The Senate was
there, and could be no where else.
I will not continue these remarks, Mr. Presi-
dent. I have been drawn out to a greater length
than I expected. I assert, as a principle, tiiat
without the action of the Senate and the House
of Representatives, agreeing to some modu of
electing a Senator, no legal election can be held.
They are not b'ound by any preexisting law. A
law of the State may exist, but they may put it
aside, because it has no effect on them. I agree
with my friend from Louisiana, that no law
passed by a preceding Legislature can bind them,
if they choose to disregard it. That being the
case, and they having acted, agreed, assented,
with all the forms of law, to a particular mode
of action, that mode of action having been fol-
lowed , a majority of all the votes having been given
to the sitting member, there being no pretense
!' of any fraud, or unfairness, or practice of that
j! kind, he js entitled to a seat in this body as
II much as any one of us. If we send him back,
|! we send him without establishing a precedent.
1 We make no precedent except that no man's
1 seat here is safe, when it becomes the opinion of '
; members, for any reason, (which is unquesuon-
j ably the truth,) that he ought not to hold it,
' without suggesting or establishing any principle,
or fixing any practice, upon which similar cases
are to be decided in othdr instances.
