1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE
399t
body alleged to be a joint convention, it could
continue in session from day to day, a paramount,
continual, omnipotent power, throughout the
Whole session of fifty days, and there could be no
appropriation bill passed. I do not understand
that it was so nominated in the bond; and if it
were nominated in the bond, I should go with
my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Besjamin,] and
say that an act, passed eight years before this
election was to be held, could control only so far
as it was consistent with the constitution of the
State of Iowa. I do not say it was a nugatory
act, but it was one of those acts which could not
control a subsequent Legislature beyond the obli-
gations of the constitution from which that Legis-
lature derived its powers.
I have now a remark to make which some may
think is very anti-Democratic. If George Wash-
ington, Benjamin Franklin, and the distinguished
sages of the Revolution, had formed ten men into
one body, and there were a hundred stump orators
in the other, the wise men holding their terms of
office for four yeai's, and the other body for six
months, the six months' men, who had none of
the sense of the ten men, could go into an elec-
tion at any time they pleased. I might present
the case, perhaps, of those who were the pioneers
of this country. The smaller body may have
consisted of the authors and architects of the very
Constitution under which these men were'assem-
bled. According to the notions of my friend from
Ohio, the men invested with senatorial dignity,
having four years' tenure, could be deprived of
their robes, and brought in by the neck under the
dictation of a majority of the one hundred stump
orators.
I did not intend, sir, to say as much as I have
said. I intended simply to present the conse-
quences of the gentlemen's argument m such a
position that they could not escape from them.
The Senator from Georgia has said that it was
competent for the body which assembled and
made this election, not as a House of Represent-
atives, but as a component part of the original
convention, to make the eketion in the absence
of every member of the Senate of Iowa, and the
Senator from Ohio has said that it is competent
for the House of Representatives, or such rem-
nant of the convention as remained in the hall
of the House of Representatives, to send for
Senators wherever they might be found, whether
in the Senate hall or elsewhere, and break up
an assembly of the Senate which had convened
under its own constitution. These were proposi-
tions at which I felt in some measure alarmed.
I do not think they are likely to meet, and I hope
they will not meet with the concurrence of the
Senate of the United States. I have spoken
earnestly, but it is because I have regard for the
opinions of those from whom I differ. This I
cannot say of all who have spoken on this sub-
ject. I know that one Senator very modestly
declared that what had been said by myself and
• others had not attained the respectability of
decent sophistry. That gentleman has been in
the Senate a long time, and I think he has no
cause to say that I have been guilty of any per-
sonal unkindness to him.
Mr. HALE. Letme correct the Senator. What
I said I have no doubt was offensive enough; but
not anything like that. I simply spoke of the
force wit^i which the argument had struck my own
mind; and I did so very cautiously, as the Sena-
tor will see by looking at my remarks. I spoke
of the manner in which the argument had struck
my mind. .
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I have heard of
chronometers, geometers, and thermometers, but
I have never before heard of a phrenometer.
[Laughter.] I suppose I have used the proper
word. The Greek word fp-nv, (phren,) means
the mind; and jjcrpov, {metron,) measure; and I
suppose the gentleman hereafter may be called the
phrenometer of the Senate—to judge every man's
argument according to his standard.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not my purpose to detain
the Senate for a moment in replying to any argu-
ments in response to the observations I made at
the opening of the case—let them stand—nor to
reply to any arguments made by other gentlemen;
but I simply desire to put myself right. I think
I am much misconstrued and misunderstood by
ttiy friend from South Carolina. I urtderstood
him to state that my position, which he docs me
the honor to say was indorsed by my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Pogh,] was that, when this conven-
tion got into existence, it could overrule the
Constitutions of the United States and Iowa.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no, I did not say so.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, 1 am very glad to be
corrected.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not intend to say that
for the time being, while in existence, the Sena-
tor said it was paramount authority in Iowa.
Mr. TOOMBS. For the purpose of electing a
Senator, I most assuredly did say so. My posi-
tion, I presume, whether right or wrong, is diffi-
cult to be misunderstood. I think it has at least
the merit of perspicuity. I said that this election
was in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States, the constitution of Iowa, and the
law of Iowa made in pursuance thereof. I read
them all, for the purpose of building up the
legality of this election upon those instruments—
the Constitution of the United States, the con-
stitution of Iowa, and the law passed by the
Legislature of Iowa.
I held, in the language of the Constitution, that
Congress had the absolute control, whenever it
thought proper to exercise it, over the time and
manner of holding the election, though it has no
power over the place. The Legislature has, in
the abspnee of congressional regulation, full
power, with the single qualification that the elec-
tion must be by " the Legislature." I endeav-
ored to show that this was an election in the
language of the Constitution, that it was a per-
sonal act, and that when you ascertained by the
constitution of Iowa who were members of the
Legislature, there was an express constitutional
authority delegated to Iowa, to provide the time
and mode as she pleased. The power of the
Legislature of Iowa, if not limited or controlled
by their own constitution, is just as ample over
the mode and time, as is that of the Congress of
the United States, which is broad and unlimited,
with the sole restriction of confining it to " the
Legislature," which I construed to mean, as it
was an election, the members of the Legislature.
Therefore I stated this convention was held in con-
formity to the law, under a joint resolution of the
two Houses, and when it came into existence it
had the power to continue until the object was ac-
complished. I did say, and do say, that either the
Congress of the United States or the Legislature of
Iowa have a perfect right to prescribe a day when
the Legislature is in session or not in session, and
declare that it shall elect a Senator on that day,
and if there is but one man there, so that he is a
member of the Legislature, he can return a Sen-
ator. I have no doubt that such a law will be
Eassed by the Congress of the United States, or
y the different State Legislatures, in a few years,
to arrest what I again characterize as faction of
the State Legislatures, dangerous to the peace
and stability of this country. We ofApt shut
our eyes to this fact. Congress haPTeft this
power for seventy years with the States, and in
the main it has been wisely exercised. Of late
years they have attempted to thwart it; and the
question will present itself to the American peo-
ple, both here and in the State government,
whether a minority of one branch of a Legislature
(who are but simple units in performing this duty)
shall have the power of overturning this Gov-
ernment at their will. I claim that Congress has
the power—that the Legislatures have the power
topreventthis. I deem it to be their duty, and my
duty, to prevent it, and I am ready at any time,
whenever you ascertain that there are members
of the Legislature, to appoint aday and say, "You
shall meet then and elect;" and so that they are
members of the Legislature, they may come if
they will. You must confine the power of electing
to them, and nobody else than members of the
Legislature. They are the parties to perform the
duty. Iowa has a perfect right until Congress acts
to prescribe the mode in which her State Senators
and Representatives shall cast their votes as she
pleases. It ought to be fixed, not as the Senator
from Maine says, by the particular Legislature
which elects—there is nothing in (jic Constitu-
tion like that. Power is given to " the Con-
gress," and in exactly the same words to " the
Legislature"—any Legislature which may be
lawfully constituted under the constitution of
Iowa. There is perfect and absolute power oil
this subject in the Legislatures in the States until
Congresaacts. When Congress chooses, it can ;
define how those persons whose, duty it is under1 J>,
the Constitution to elect Senators' shall; do so.
The State Legislatures can exercise the right, it
can be done by a majority or by a jtliiraKty, or in;
any way, so that all the electors are allowed to
vote, and none are deprived of their right.
These are my opinions. I do not argue wheth-
er they are right or wrong, but I think they are
logical from the premises I have set out with,
and 1 am ready to vote to sustain them.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not my intention to
make a speech. I know that this is not the time
for that. I will make but a single remark. It
seems, from the facts disclosed in this case, that
the authorities of Iowa have recognized this trans-
action as fair, constitutional, and legal. A judge
elected under precisely the same circumstances as
these under which the sitting member was chosen,
is now a presiding judge on the supreme bench
of that State, and, therefore, a practical construc-
tion is given to the act of that Legislature and con-
vention, so far as the State is affected.
Now, a question arises, whether the Senate of
the United States has a right to interfere with
the government of that State ? The election of a
Senator was an act of sovereignty on her part,
which pertains to her as such. Can it be revised
by the Senate? Has the Senate of the United
States the right to Kvise the sovereign acts of
Iowa, so far as thcjHiave met the sanction of that
State ? If the difficulty has arisen from political
dissensions there, this is not the place, nor is the
Senate of the United States the appropriate um-
pire, to decide which party is right or which is
wrong. I shall vote in favor of the sitting mem-
ber, believing that he has been duly and constitu-
tionally elected, as recognized by his State; and
that the application to the Senate of the United
States, and the passage of these resolutions by
the Senate of Iowa, is rather an evidence of dis-
satisfaction on the part of the protestants, than
an evidence that wrong has been done, as they
claimed. They have asked—they have implored
for no remedy; but they have made a complaint
which, on its face, seems to be captious when we
are acquainted with all the circumstances that
accompanied their conduct in relation to that elec-
tion. I have done, sir. •
Mr. BUTLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. Toombs to strike out
all after the word "Resolved," and inse$, "That
James Harlan is entitled to his seat as a Senator
from Iowa," resulted—yeas 18, nays 27; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Brown, Collamer, Durkee, Fesseiiden, Fish, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Houston, l'ugh, Seward, Slideli, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biii^s, Bi^ler,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Conte<rys, Crittenden, Bod^e, F.vans,
Fitzpatnek, Oeyer, Hunter, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
lory, Mason, Pratt, Reid, llusk, Sebastian, Stuait, Toucey,
Wellei, and Wright—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The original resolution was modified so aa to
read:
Resolved, That James Harlan isTftot entitled to his seat
as a Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall be obliged to ask for
the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin,Biggs, Bigler,
Butler, Cass. Clay, Comegys, Crittenden, Dodge, Evans,
Fitzpatnek, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Mai-
loiy, Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Husk, Sebastian, Stuart,
i] Toucey, Weller, and Wright—28. '
11 NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshiie, Bell of Ten-
! nessee, Brown, Collamer, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot,
I Foster, Hale, Houston, Pugh, Seward, Slidell, Toombs,
' Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—18.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask the Senate to proceed
for a very few minutes to the consideration of
J executive business, merely for the purpose of
]'• referring some papers to a committee that sits to-
i morrow. -
'' The motion was agreed to; and,the senate pro-
i, ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
■1 After some time spent therein the doors were re-
l! opened, and the Senate adjourned.
