THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
.•< " HOt&E OF REPRESENTATIVES.
: M on'dav, January 12, 1857.
• The House,met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
- The SPEAKER,by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a' letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, inclosing a report of the President
of the Louisville and Portland canal of expend-
itures for repairs of said canal-, and also inclos-
ing a report of Edward Watts, engineer in the
employ of the canal, relative to repairing and
improving the same; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the consent of
the House, that such bills as the Committee on
Territories have agreed upon to be reported
during the Week set aside for the consideration
of territorial business, may be printed, together
with the reports accompanying them. I also ask
the same permission in reference to any bills
relating to territorial business which may have
been agreed upon by any other of the committees
of the House.
There being no objection, the order to print
was mnde.  
UNITED STATES COURTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was a motion made by Mr. Stanton, on
Monday last, to suspend the rules to enable him
to introduce the following resolution:
* Resolved, That the standing Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of reorganizing
the judicial circuits nnd districts of the United States m
feucb manner as to equalize the population and business of
the several ciicnits and districts, and give to al! sections of
the Confederacy their equal and just representation in the
Supieme Court of the United States.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and it was agreed to; and the res-
olution was submitted for consideration.
Mr. STANTON. I propose to occupy the
time of the House for only about ten minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. If this resolution is debated
does^t not go over ?
The SPE AKER. The resolution is admitted
under a suspension of the rales, and does not
follow the rule which governs in the case of reso-
lutions introduced upon a call of States for reso-
lutions. «
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
occupy the attention of the House a very few
minutes for the purpose of stating a few facts
which, in my judgment, create the necessity for
the inquiry provided for by this resolution.
Any one who will look at the present organ-
ization of the circuits will see, aside from any
sectional view of the subject, that the business
of the courts, and the rights of parties litigating
in them, renders a reorganization highly neces-
sary if,not indispensable.
At present there are five States not in any
judicial circuit.
The policy of the judiciary act of 1789 man-
ifestly was that usury State should constitute a
par! of some judicial circuit, and have the benefit
of a circuit court, the judge of which should be
a member of the Supreme Court; but the increase
of new States has been such that it has been
found inconvenient to include them all without
making the circuits too large, or the judges of
the Supreme Court too numerous.
Hence, Iowa, Wisconsin, California, Florida,
and T'exas, arc excluded from any circuit, and
circuit couit powers are conferred upon the dis-
trict courts of those States, with an appeal, or
rather a writ of error, direct from the district
court to the Supreme Court of the United States.
I believe California has a sort of anomalous
circuit court, with a judge who is excluded from
a seat on the supreme bench.
This is unjust to these States who are entitled
to equal rights and privileges with the citizens of
the oilier States, and creates a necessity for a
reorganization.
But the mi-quality in the population and busi-
ness of the circuits as they are now organized
creates equally as strong a necessity for it.
The circuits with their white population and
representation in this House, stand as follows:
White No. Mem's
population. H. Rep's.
1st Circuit.—Maine, New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island 2,028,594 22
2/i Circuit.—Vermbnt, Connecticut,
New York    3,724,826 40
3d Circuit.—New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia  2,723,669 30
4th Circuit. — Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia  1,383.913 20
5th Circuit.—Alabama, Louisiana.,. 682,000 11
6th Circuit.—North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia  1,394,163 22
1th Circuit.—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan  4,173,309 45
8th Circuit.—Kentucky, Tennessee,
Missouri 2,110,253 ' 28
9(A Circuit.—Mississippi, Arkansas.. 457,907 7
I have taken the white population as the basis
of the judicial business of the several circuits,
because there can be no propriety in taking a
population who have no legal rights, can make no
contracts, nor hold any property, as furnishing
business for courts.
But even this makes a much better showing for
the South than the actual amount of business in
the several circuits would justify.
The business of the Federal courts arises
mainly from the commerce of the country, and
results from its admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion.
I have no doubt but that the second circuit has
more business than the fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth,
and ninth, all put together. This exhibit de-
monstrates the necessity of a reorganization, as a
matter of convenience and necessity in the trans-
action of the ordinary business of the country.
But the Supreme Court is the ultimate arbiter
of all questions arising upon the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and, therefore, should
be so constituted as to command the confidence of
the whole people in all sections of the country.
And when there is an unequal and partial or-
ganization of that'tnbunal, and one section of the
Confederacy has more than its just and equal
representation there its decisions can have no
moral power, and cannot command the confidence
of the people.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to ask him a question ? I understand
him to say he regards the Supreme Court of the
United States as the final arbiter of all constitu-
tional questions. Now, I want to know of that
member, if the Supremo Court of the United
States decide the fugitive slave law to be consti-
tutional, lie will carry out that law or not?
Mr. STANTON. I will not resist the decision
of the Supreme Court in any case. If it decide
that Dred Scott is a slave, I will not resist the
execution of that judgment. But when the same
question shall arise in another case, I will deny
the principle on which that decision was founded,
and say it was not law.
And so in relation to the fugitive slave law. I
will notitffcrender any individual opinion to the
decision?? the court. But if that court is fairly
constituted, having a just and equal representa-
tion from all sections of the country, and it shall,
upon full and deliberate consideration, by a series
of decisions at various times, and when composed
at different times of different judges, give a con-
struction to the Constitution, X will, for the sake
of peace, recognize that construction of the Con-
stitution as the true one.
The resolutions of W98-99, which- I believe
are recognized everywhere south of Mason and
Dixon's line, as at least of equal authority with
the Constitution, say that, when any law is a
plam, palpable, and deliberate violation of the
Constitution, the States have a right to disregard
it, and refuse obedience to it.
Mr. KEITT. Then how is the Supreme Court
the final arbiter5
Mr. STANTON. It is the final arbiterin every
case which it decides, because there is no appeal
from it.
Mr. Speaker, if the Supreme Court is to be
called in to aid in the settlement of the great polit-
ical questions which agitate the country, its organ-
ization becomesa matter ofparamountimportance.
If the South choose to preserve its present partial
and sectionaf organization forthe purpose of secur-
ing its aid in the political contests of the day, they
will find they may destroy the court without aid-
ing the party or section in whose favor it decides.
I tell gentlemen that a court so constituted can-
not command the confidence and respect and
obedience of the people of the free States. It is
my deliberate conviction that nothing could do
so much to weaken the bonds of this Confederacy,
and destroy the confidence of the people m the
Federal Government, and the value of the Union,
as a decision of that court that Congress has no
sovereign power over the Territories, and that
it cannot legislate for them, either for the exclu-
sion of slavery, or upon any other rightful sub-
ject of legislation. This power is exercised every
year.
We organize territorial governments, and con-
fer upon Ihe Territorial Legislatures the power to
pass laws for the punishment of crime, to regu-
late the relations of husband and wife, parent
and child, to provide for the descent andjjistri-
bution of property, for the promotion of educa-
tion and religion; and, in short, whatever may
be necessary to promote the happiness and wel-
fare of the people of the Territory. And no
sensible discrimination can be made between the
powers thus granted every day by general con-
sent, and the power to prohibitslavery.
To decide that such a law was unconstitutional,
would, in the language of the resolutions of 1798,
be a " plain, palpable, and deliberate violation of
the Constitution:" which would not be entitled
to the respect or obedience of the State courts.
And a refusal to obey a decision-of that court
would not be without precedent. . #
Gentlemen will recollect a case from the State
of Virginia, involving the title to the Fairfax
lands, in which the decision of the court of ap-
peals of the State of Virginia was reversed by the
Supreme Court of the United States. A mandate
was sent to the Virginia court, commanding it to
carry into execution the judgment of the United
States court. The State court refused to enter
the mandate upon its journals. Application was
made to the Supreme Court of the United States
for a mandamus to compel the State court to ex-
ecute the judgment. The mandate was refused;
but an execution was issued on the judgment
of the United States court, to the marshal of
the United States. So in a case in the State of
Georgia, when that State extended- her jurisdic-
tion over the Cherokee country, and passed laws
for its government, designed to exclude the mis-
sionaries who were residing with the Indians,
under the protection of the General Government.
Worcester and others, missionaries from Con-
necticut, were indicted and convicted under these
laws. Writs of error were prosecuted on these
convictions, and the Supreme Court of the United
States decided that the State of Georgia had no
jurisdiction over the Cherokee country, and re-
versed the judgments of conviction rendered by
the Georgia court. The Georgia court refused
obedience to the judgment of reversal, and exe-
cuted their sentence by imprisoning the mission-
aries in the penitentiary in defiance of the Supreme
Court of the United States. These are valuable
precedents; and unless the organization of this
court is changed, there are courts north of Mason
and Dixon's line that will not hesitate to follow
them.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to make an inquiry ? The gentle-
man from Ohio has just alluded to the refusal of
the supreme court of appeals of the State of
Virginia to execute a judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States, in a case which he
said occurred some years ago. I merely wish to
say that 1 suppose he refers to the case of Hunter
and Martin?
Mr. STATON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. In that case the supreme
court of appeals of Virginia refused to certify the
record of the Supreme Court of the United States,
because the latter acted on a record not regularly
obtained from the court in Virginia, but obtained
by some unofficial means and in some irregular
| manner. The ground of action of the supreme
j court of appeals of Virginia was, that the twenty-
j fifth section of the judiciary act, under which the
I Supreme Court of the United States claimed to
! have jurisdiction, was unconstitutional, and that
! the Legislature of Virginia ought to have declared
1 that twenty-fifth section to be unconstitutional.
That was the reason of the action of the supreme
court of the State of Virginia.
Mr. STAIMTON. I so understood it. The
court of appeals of Virginia refused to recognize
the powers of the Supreme Court of the United
