1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 13, 1857. ,
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of the San
Antonio and Mexican Gulf Railroad Company,
praying to-be allowed to execute bonds for the
duties on railroad iron to the United States, pay-
able in freight and transportation over their road;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Joseph
Verbiski, praying to be allowed an increase of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE presented the memorial of John
M. Gardiner, praying that patents may be issued
to him for certain bounty land warrants, of which
he is the assignee, and upon which locations have
been made; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Richland county, Wisconsin, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Reedsburg to
De Soto, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Arkansas m favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Perryville to Cedar
Creek, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Ho also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, in favor of the establishment of
a mail route from Little Rock to Fort Smilh, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of Sallie
Eola Reneau, praying for a grant of public land
for the endowment of a State Female College,
'chartered by the Legislature of Mississippi; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He asked the early attention of the committee to
the subject.
Mr. SL1DELL presented the petition of E. G.
and L. F. Rogers, contractors for carrying the
mail between New Orleans and Key West, pray-
ing to be released from the contract which they
allege their inability to execute; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of S. S. Lee
and other officers in the Navy, praying for com-
pensation for performing the duties of purser,
in addition *to those appertaining to their proper
grade; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
. Mr. B1GLER presented the memorial of
George T. Parry, praying for the purchase, by
the Government, of his invention, called " Parry's
Anti-Friction Box," for the use of naval steam-
ships; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of John
A. Bryan, register, and Benjamin H. Mooers,
receiver of the land office at Menasha, Wisconsin,
praying for compensation for extra services;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Frank-
lin Buchanan, praying to be allowed the difference
of pay between that of a captain and a com-
mander, during the time he was in command of
the frigate Susquehanna, in her recent cruise in
the East India, China, and Japan seas; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of J. Willcox
Jenkins, late secretary to the commander of the
Brazil squadron, praying for compensation for
services as acting purser to the sloop-of-war
Germantown; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Alex-
ander Montgomery, assistant quartermaster in
the Army, praying to be allowed a credit, in the
settlement of his accounts, for certain items re-
jected by the accounting officers, the vouchers
for which were accidentally lost; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rewind, That the papers in the claim of Puig, Mir &
Co., heretofore referred to the Court of Claims, be returned
to lhe. Senate, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Cranstoun Lnurie, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Koads.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of W. G. Bucknor, executor
of John J. Bulow, Jr., on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. TOUCEY, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers
relating to the application of the owners of the schooner
Two Brothers for fishing bounty.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That Michael R. Clark have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 487) to provide for the transportation
of the United States mails upon railroads, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
581) making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1858, reported it without amend-
ment, and gave notico that to-morrow he should
ask the Senate to consider it.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 493) to expedite telegraphic
communication for the use of the Government in
foreign intercourse, reported it without amend-
ment. The accompanying papers were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD notified Senators that he should
on Thursday morning,at half past twelve o'clock,
ask for the consideration of the bill.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill prescribing
the manner in which the money appropriated by
the act approved 5th May, 1854, in regard to
expenses incurred by the State of California-in
suppressing Indian hostilities shall be paid, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That the Committer on Revolutionary Claims
be discbaiged from the fmtlier consideration of the bill
(H. It. No. 469) for the relief of Maria Buiffher, widow of
Jeiennah Burgher, and of the bill (II. It. No. 470) for the
relief of Lett) Grigg?, widow of Simeon Griggs, a revolu-
tionary soldier, and that they be reierred to the Committee
on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to reimburse to Elisha W. B. Moody the
moneys paid by him as owner of the British bark
Sarah, in the rescue of the passengers and crew
of the American ship Caleb Grimshaw; which
was read twice by its title, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
making additional appropriations for the con- ;
struction and completion of certain public build-
ing's therein named; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I rise to a
privileged question, and that is, to move tlfat a
copy of the proceedings of the Senate, yester-
day, in relation to the contested seat of the late
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] be transmit-
ted to the Legislature of Iowa. I think it is ac-
cording to precedent, and is proper. I ask for
the consideration of the motion now.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know what the pre-
cedent has been, but it seems to me that we have
no right to know that the Legislature is in ses-
sion except by the papers, but we do know that
there is a Governor.
Mr. SEWARD. I accept the amendment. I
move that the proceedings be sent to the Gov-
ernor.
Mr. BUTLER. I do no^cnow that even that
.is necessary. . ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the proceedings of the Senate in relation to
the contested election of the Senator from Iowa
be transmitted by the Secretary of the Senate to
the Governor of Iowa.
The motion was agreed to.
SARAH B. WEBBER.
On motion of Mr. PESSENDEN, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the petition of Sarah B. Webber be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims foMlie purpose of having the
testimony in said case taken by said court, and reported to
Congress.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Stuart, to strike out the latter portion of
the resolution giving instructions to the court.
Mr. BIGGS. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Maine if the effect of this amendment -will
not be simply to refer the petition to the Court
of -Claims, which has already been done? If b
understood the Senator some days ago, he stated
that this reference had already been made on the
application of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion I first made
was to request the Court of Claims to take the
testimony on the petition which had beenrefcrred.
That was objected to, however, as rather out of
course; and then I presented a new petition with
this motion, for the purpose of having the testi-
mony taken. The court do not understand them-
selves to be at liberty to take the testimony in
cases of that kind, unless they are referred for
that spccial purpose. I therefore made the addi-
tion which the Senator from Michigan moves to
strike out; and the question is now properly on
that motion. I do not feel disposed to debate it
further. I merely wish the Senate to decide the
matter one way or the other, and have it disposed
of. As th*e question may be of some importance,
I should like to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BIGGS. As I understand the state of the
question before the Senate, the case has already
been referred to the Court of Claims, and this is
a proposition of the Senator from Maine again
to refer to the Court of Claims, with instructions
to report the testimony. If the view of the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] be correct, we
are traveling out of the act constituting the Court
of Claims by the coarse now proposed. It seems
to me that those who entertain the opinion of the
Senator from Michigan may very well vote to lay
the whole subject on the table, ithe case already
being referred to the Court of Claims; and it
appears to me that would be more of a test ques-
tion than the motion before the Senate. I there-
fore move to lay the resolution and amendment
on the table.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will withdraw the motion for a moment,
while some Senator states what the question is.
I do not know what it is, and I do not wish to
vote without understanding it.
Mr. BIGGS. Certainly; I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. FRSSENDEN". I will state the case.
The petition of Sarah B. Webber, not founded
upon any legal claim, but appealing to the sense
of justice and the generosity of Congress for an
allowance to her, was presented to the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Claims. That com-
mittee reported that it be referred to the Courtof
Claims. That was done. The Court of Claims
have said, that under their previous decisions and
their construction of the act, they have no juris-
diction of a claim merely appealing to the gener-
osity and discretion of Congress, and can make
no decision upon such a subject; but it has
been stated by the chief justice informally, that
the court on consultation have come to the con-
clusion, that in these cases, under the last clause
of the act giving .them jurisdiction over claims'
reared to them by either House of Congress,
they will, if Congress refers a petition of that
description to them for the purpose of taking tes-
timony, consider themselves authorized to take
testimony and report it to Congress. Accord
ingly, I presented another petition here, and
accompanied it with a motion that it be referred
