THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON D C
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 16, 1857.
Court of Claims — in which, after reference to a
committee, the same thing" was considered most
eligible, viz: to confine the court within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and not submit such matters
to tribunals within the States, where the United
States would be subject to all the prejudices, and
all the influences apt to prevail in the minds of a
jury of the vicinage when one of their fallow-
citizens or friends might happen to have interests
involved.
The iast occasion when the question of a court
was considered was when this very bill passed,
and again it was reported by a select committee
as a tribunal to be confined to this District; thus
showmga constant and persistent purpose on the
part of Congress not to trust the trial of these
cases, so far as the United States were concerned,
to courts and juries of the vicinage.
Now, in defiance of the history of the estab-
lishment of this tribunal—in opposition to the
decision of the Supreme Court, pronounced in
this very case, in the application of Reeside vs.
Walker, the Court of Claims has made a decision
which would have the effect of sending claims
against the United States to be tried in the States,
and by juries and courts of the vicinage. To sane-
tion that decision of the court, ^ould enable it
to commit an act of felo de se ; for it would enable
ii, by its own decision, to fasten on itself a fea-
ture which it was obviously designed by Con-
gress should never he attached to it. It would
introduce the very thing which occasioned a de-
feat of the first attempt made in 1824 to establish
■a court for the decision of claims against the
United Slates; and, in my opinion, it would lay
a precedent which will have extensive and mis-
chievous consequences.
Under such circumstances I am unwilling to
pass this bill—I am unwilling to sanction this
decision. I know nothing of the merits of the
case. The Court of Claims did not examine
them. Let it go back to the Court of Claims, ;
and let it send us a decision on the merits of the j
case. For that decision I might have respect,
and certainly will have respect, for I believe it is |
an able tribunal. But 1 can never consent-to give j
a vote whose effect will be to establish such a >
principle as this—that the United States are to !
ce sued in the States. According to this practice, I
if the local laws of Pennsylvania, which allow a ,
jury, on a plea of sel-ojf, to file an independent !
and separate demand against the plaintiff—jf that !
be recognized as proper under that provision of
the judiciary act which provides that the laws |
of the States shall be the rules of decision when i
those laws apply; then in Virginia we have a >
local law which allows the Commonwealth to >
be sued; and, according to the principle of this
decision, in Virginia we could sue the United
Sfetes in the courts directly.
I hope that this bill in its present shape will
not pass. As to its merits, I do not intend to
prejudge them, but I say that the Court of Claims
ought to investigate those merits, and give us a
decision upon them.
^ Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, the claimant
this case, Mary Reeside, is a constituent of
mine, and in the absence of my colleague, [Mr.
Brodhead,] who is the chairman of the^Commit-
tee on Claims, through which this measure has
reached the Senate, 1 am, perhaps, required to
express my views in reference to it.
_ I confess X had not anticipated serious opposi-
tion to this bill; least of all had I expected the
position taken by the Senator from Virginia. He
presents a difficulty for which at this time I
see no remedy—certainly no immediate remedy.
I have not undertaken to consider the technical
effect of the certificate from the circuit court in
Pennsylvania, against the United States in this
case; I have attached far more importance to the
judgment of the jury that passed upon the facts, j
Nor can I realize that the Senate cannot pass this !
bill without sanctioning the principle which the j
Senator from Virginia seems to recognize here j
^lay I not vote for it, for the reason that I believe :
the original judgment correct, that the claim of '
20
New Series ... .No. 20,
Mr. Reeside was a good one against the United
States, whether I regard the certificate as bind-
ing or not? If this claim be not made out against
the Government, I am at a loss to imagine how a
claim can be made out. I must ask Senators for
a moment to look at the history of this case, and
the alternatives presented.
From 181G to 1836, the long period of twenty
years, Mr. Reeside was engaged in transporting
the mails of the United States—the largest con-
tractor the country has ever seen—a man of won-
derful energy and perseverance. During that
time he performed far more service to the Gov-
ernment than that specifically provided for in the
contracts. He was a sort of general agent, who
facilitated the operations of the Post Office De-
partment, communicated all kinds of intelligence
to it, in reference to the routes that should be
adopted, and the offices that should be established.
During the service of Mr. B.ury, as Postmaster
General, the accounts of Mr. Reeside became
somewhat confused in the Department. After
the retiracy of that gentleman, after his appoint-
ment to the mission to Spain, where he died, his
successor and Mr. Reeside were unable to adjust
the accounts. Reciprocal demands were made,
the Department claiming from Mr. Reeside some
$45,000, and he making ti claim against the United
States for nearly $300,000. In order to ad|ust
these accounts, an action was commenced against
Mr. Reeside, in the circuit court of the United
States, at Philadelphia.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania a question for my own information,
as he has probably examined' the papers, and I
have not. I wish to ask whether there is any-
thing m the proceedings reported in the case,
which shows the form of the judgment entered
in the case of the United States vs. Reeside. I
cannot find it in the printed jiapeis, though I was
very anxious to see it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is stated in the opinion
of the court.
Mr. BAYARD. I want a transcript of the
record. I want to see what the judgment of the
court was, not what was the verdict. We know
what that was; but what was the judgment of
the court?
Mr. BIGLER. I am not in possession of the
record. As I stated, I was not a member of the
committee which examined the case, and have
only participated in the debate because of the
absence of my colleague, who is chairman of
the committee, and who would take a particular
interest in this subject if he were here. I was
tracing the history of the claim for the purpose
of showing its peculiar force. The suit was in-
stituted in 1S39; and in 1841 a verdict was ren-
dered by a jury, not of the vicinage, as suggested
here, but an intelligent body of men, selected
from all parts of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, by the marshal of the United States,"as
all Senators know is the custom. After spending
some five weeks in this tiial, the.jury considering
it fully a week, upon an issue under which all the
claims and considerations on both sides were
fairly admitted, this intelligent jury, after hear-
ing over eighty witnesses, examining immense
amounts of documents that were brought there
by the cart-load, as is stated in the account of the
trial, arrived at the conclusion that the United
States Government was justly indebted to Mr.
Reeside in the sum of $188,000. A motion was
immediately made for a new trial on the part of
the Government; and in 1842 that motion was
fully argued before the court, and overruled.
Then the claimant supposed, of course, that he
would be promptly paid; but immediately after-
wards another difficulty was interposed, and that
was an attempt to get a writ of esyor before the
Supreme Court of the United States. Having no
points of error, that failed. Pending the case in
this condition Mr. Reeside died.
Now. sir, how are we at this day to get better
authority for this claim than the vers! .ct of that
jury? How are we to arrive at the facts? I con-
fess I am utterly at a loss to imagine. I desire
to act here, in relation to this case, as all others,
upon the best information which can be obtained.
But, sir. Will It be pretended now, that the Seriate
Of the l> nited States, or even the Court of Claims,
can possess themselves of the necessary evidence
to be as intelligent on this question as was the
jury which decided it? Now, when the original
claimant has been long in his grave, when prob-
ably more than half of the witnesses are dead and
gone, when the mass of papers bearing upon the
question have been filed away, and cobwebbed
and dusted oyer for years, are we to be a'sked
here to go behind that decision ? For one, sir I
do not feel required to do it. '
After the death of Mr. Reeside, his widow pros-
ecuted this claim, and finally was invited by the
Government to present it to another court of the
United States—the Court of Claims. That tri-
bunal has passed upon it—the tribunal constituted
since this case was commenced, for precisely such
claims—and again the decision is against the
United States Government. What more shall the
widow do? What other remedy can she pursue ?
It is insisted by the Senator from Virginia, that
because there may not be technically entire legal
force in what this Court of Claims has done, we
are to go behind all the proceedings, and delay a
just claimant until this widow isstripped of house
and home!
Let me ask Senators to look at the alternatives
for a moment, if they will. I should not say a
word in regard to this claim if I were not im-
pressed with the belief that the equity is on. the
side of the claimant. Let us suppose, to illus-
trate the position which I take, that the Govern-
ment of the United States, in that trial at Phila-
delphia in 1841, had obtained a judgment against
Mr. Reeside. Suppose he had moved for a new
trial, and that motion had been overruled; and
the judge overruling it, Judge Baldwin, had used
the significant Janguage, as to the correctness of
the judgment, which he used in this case—this
is what he says: " I am fully satisfied thata large
balance is justly due to the defendant, and that
the verdict for Mr. Reeside might under the evi-
dence have been larger." Suppose, then, that
Mr. Reeside had attempted to get a writ of error,
and failed, and finally had gone before the Court
of Claims, and again the judgment liad been
against him, and in favor of the United States
Government: I ask you, sir, whether there
would be any Senator here who would vote even
to relieve that widow from a judgment thus sanc-
tioned? Not one, sir. Not one man would vote
to relieve the widow from this judgment; and
the argument would be that the case was com-
plete, and however great the hardship might be,
there was no remedy for it.
These are my views m brief on this question.
I think it is a question as to paying a debt that
is fairly and clearly ascertained, or repudiating
it. There is no half way measure about it. There
are no means of obtaining further information.
We must take it as we find it; and for my part I -
feel not only authorized but required to make
payment on the facts as they are here.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and on the question, " Shall it be
ordered to a third reading?
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we are about to decide
a very important question, which the Senate ought
to look to closely. It should be decided, not on
any appeals about selling out a widow, but on
the principle of law here, involved, which is one
of the greatest possible consequence. This ver-
dict has been before Congress now, I think, for
fifteen or sixteen years. It came before the other
House repeatedly. It has not been delayed, but
it has been discussed and rejected, and rejected
upon principle, and upon sound principle; and
we shall subvert a very sound principle by not
continuing to reject the claim.
I am inclined to pay all proper respect to the
judgment of the Court of Claims, but I do not
look on it as conclusive. I consider it is a valu-
