806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
able court, to whose judgment I am inclined to
give high consideration; but it is not a court of
last resort, and in its nature it cannot be. The
tribunal of last resort, in such cases, must be
here. I consider the judgment of the Court of
Claims conclusive on the facts which they find
on examination, and I would adhere to their
decisions, unless, in my jadgment, they were
palpably against a sound principle of law and
fovernment. Then I would not sanction them,
'hen our decision should be their rule of conduct.
Here this court, or a majority of the court,
departed from the settled rule which had gov-
erned the action of this Government for seventy
years. It has been a fixed policy of this Gov-
ernment—it took it from analogy to the British
Government, from which many of our notions
were drawn—that the Government could not be
sued*; and we do not to-day allow it to be sued
and a final judgment given against it, even in
the Court of Claims. That principle is estab-
lished by the general consent of all branches of
our Government. Then it seems that the verdict
rendered in this case was illegal, and of no binding
force. It was not rendered here, but was rendered
in one of the States. To pay money on it will
be overthrowing the settled policy of this Govern-
ment, and the Government from which we derived
our institutions, for a thousand years.
When this point was presented early after the
formation of this Government, it was decided,
if the party has a claim on the Government he
must send it where all other claims go; and a cer-
tificate of a jury that so much money is owing
shall not be even prima facie evidence. They
would not take that even as prima facie cvidcnce.
Now, it is urged as conclusive evidence. A ma-
jority of this court has considered it in fact con-
clusive. Nothing was uttered against it, nothing
was presented against it. They considered it at
least sufficient for the rendition of a judgment.
If it is anything, it is conclusive. If it lias any
weight, it has conclusive weight.
Now, sir, shall we overturn this practice of
seventy years? That was the rule by which the
court ought to have been governed, because it
couid not be pretended by the court that there
was any law or usage of the Government of the
United States that allowed it to be sued in its own
courts or the State courts. If there was no au-
thority to sue it, there was no authority to render
a verdict against the Government', in its own
courts or the State courts. Their judgment was
utterly wrong. It cannot bo maintained for a
moment. It was without authority of law and
against the practice of the Government, which to
them was law in tin's case.
Nor can it be shown at any time that this class
of judgments have been recognized as of validity. !
This is not the first one of the kind. They came !
before the Government soon after its formation,
and were presented occasionally until the prin-
ciple became well settled, and this case is but one
of hundreds that are now outstanding. Without
any particular knowledge of the claim, but with
some little experience in reference to the class, I
can safely say that I never knew a defaulter make
a real defense of set-off who did not get a verdict
against the Government, I do not believe there
was ever such a case. Some defaulters who are
sued make no defense, and judgments are ob-
tained against them; but when they make a real
defense they get a verdict; and there are thou-
sands of such verdicts in the different courts scat-
tered throughout the States of the Union. In
such cases there is no chance for justice being i
administered to the Government. There are i
many reasons why this is so. It does not always |
result from the injustice of the jury. From our 1
system, we oftentimes have inadequate counsel
in behalf of the United States. In many por-
tions of the United States, the fees of the district
attorneys are so small that the place is simply
regarded as ail advertisement for a voum lawyer
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not so in Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. TOOMBS. The principle must be uni-
versal. Whether there be good counsel or bad
in Pennsylvania, ! know, and every Senator who
sits here knows, that in such a suit in any State
of the Union, thore is no justice for the Govern-
ment against ihv citizen. I state a fact within
the experience of every Senator here. Wo all
know it. If you establish the principle of this
bill, you will be compelled to pay thousands^of
dollars into the pockets of those who have unde-
niably plundered the Treasury. It is on account
of the utter impossibility of justice in such cases,
that we have refused to be bound by verdicts of
this kind. Finally, finding that this was a bad
tribunal; that here the Government did not get
justice; that the reports of our committees were
imperfect; that bad cases were allowed on ex parte
testimony, and stood as much chance as good
cases, we established a Court of Claims. I
thought this was a wise act. I maintained it
then, and maintain it, now, to be wise legislation.
We said we would not be bound by verdicts in
the States of the Union, where the Government
has no supreme eye interested in protecting it,
or where that eye may be blinded by favoritism
or passion; but we will establish a court of three
discreet men, who shall examine the claims
brought before them, and report to us the facts
and the principles involved.
Have we any facts before us in this case ? Does
any Senator here know what it is about? From
my recollection of it, though I am not sure, for
my memory dates back many years ago, I think
it relates to extra compensation for some mail
service. We are called upon to say, that a ver-
dict which was illegal by the law of Pennsyl-
vania, shall be enforced against the Government.
If a citizen is sued in Pennsylvania, and she has
a defalcation law which allows these matters to
be pleaded by way of a set-off, and a verdict to
be rendered in his favor, are we to allow that,
and refuse to another defaulter, living in New ]
York, the same advantage? The result of this i
principle must be to enable the Statss to bring j
within their jurisdiction the Treasury of the j
United States, though this Government has re- j
fused to be brought under the jurisdiction of !
courts by its own laws. The principle is, that '
any Slate of the Union can pass a law bringing \
the Treasury of the United States under its juris- |
diction. That is the effect of the defalcation act
of Pennsylvania, if it was properly applied to I
this case. I agree with the opinion of Judge j
Blackford, that it did not apply to this case; first, ;
because, if an action of that kind wore brought I
by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in her !
own courts, it would not apply; and in the second '
place, it is not competent for the States to bring !
the Treasury of the United States within the
power of their juries. Congress has uniformly i
set its face against that. I believe there is no j
precedent of that kind. j
I should like to know from the Senator from j
Maine, whose attention has been much more i
drawn to the subject than mine has been, whether {
a case can be found where such a verdict has
been held to be conclusive or even prima facie ? I I
know we can find almost every description of j
cases, and such a one as this may by possibility j
have slipped through under our very loose way of !
doing business in former years. If there be such j
an instance I have never known it; but again and
again, when it has been argued, I have" known |
the judgment of the House of Representatives !
and of this body to be uniformly, almost unan- i
imously, that such verdicts should not be held to i
have any force or effect against the Government,
but that the party must come before us with the
original evidence, and show that the Government
is indebted to him, and then the claim will be al- j
lowed. The claimant having gone to the Court j
of Claims, I should be willing to pay liis claim j
if that court had rendered an opinion upon exam- !
ination of the facts, that he was entitled to the |
money. I should be content with a decision of !
the court 011 the facts found by their examination; I
but when they come and tell me here is a judg- '
ment in Pennsylvania—and 1 know not whether !
it was right or wrong; I do not know that the I
Government owed this man a dollar—and that by !
reason of that judgment he is entitled to the ■
money, I will not carry out any such decision, i
for it is against law—it is against the practice of !
the Government, and it would be destructive to !
the public interests. For these reasons, I shall t
vote against the bill. |
^ Mr. FESSENDEiN. I will say a few words j
in reply to the Senators from Virginia and Geor-
j se®m to me t0 proceed on an assumed
diihculty—an imaginary trouble—because their
aiguraent is directed solely to the danger of what
they call the precedent and the incorrectness, as
they state, of the decision to which the Court of
Claims have come. In presenting this case to the
Senate the other day, I expressly stated that the
committee did not base their recommendation in
favor of the passage of this bill on the decision
of the Court of Claims. It makes a fact in the
case, that this claim has been presented to that
court, and that the court, or a majority of it, on
the examination of the law, came to the conclu-
sion that it was bound to take the verdict and
judgment, such as it was, as record evidence of
the debt, and so decided, one of the judges dis-
senting. But, sir, neither the Committee of
Claims of the House of Representatives, nor the
Committee on Claims of the Senate, in their ex-
amination of the case and their reports, based a
recommendation to pass the bill on that ground.
They have placed it on entirely different ground;
and, if the Senate pass this bill, they will not
affirm the principle that the verdict is to be final,
and is not to be inquired into, because it is not
based on that principle in either of the reports,
although that is one of the facts going to make
out the argument.
Mr. HUNTER. Do not the committee base
their report on the fact, that this verdict of the
jury is evidence of the debt?
Air. FESSENDEN. To a certain extent they
do,
Mr. HUNTER. And that, therefore, they will
not examine it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; they state all
the facts. It is expressly stated in the report
made by the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, that the committee were not agreed
upon that point, and did not propose to give any
opinion on it. We give no opinion upon it in
our report. We merely state the ground upon
which we think the bill ought to be pas.-ed; and
the fact that he obtained a verdict is one of the
grounds; but it is not the only ground. We do
not even affirm the principle, that where a claim
comes here for the first time, founded on such a
verdict,^it"ought not to be considered and exam-
ined. We do not propose even to do that; but
we place it on grounds independent of all these
considerations, peculiar to itself, and su.-h as we
think ought to impress themselves on the mind
of every Senator who is to judge in relation to
this matter.
Now, what is it? It is not the mere fact of a
verdict. It is a fact that a law was passed under
which tins suit was commenced. It was com-
menced in Pennsylvania before a court of the
United States. It is in evidence clearly proved
that the trial was a long, careful, and a fair one.
It took some five or six weeks; and I think the
jury were out about a week examining it. They
were taken from all parts of the district, as juries
in the United States circuit court are taken, and
not from the vicinage, unless you call a whole
State the vicinage. The jury was selected from
all parts of the district, which covered, at that
time, a large portion of the State of Pennsylva-
nia. That jury made this fair, and full, and'long
examination; and under the construction put by
Judge Baldwin and Judge Hopkinson on fiie
law of Pennsylvania, they deemed themselves
authorized to go into an examination of the
whole account, and to state the balance that was
due from the Government to Mr. Reeside.
That is not all. If that had been all, there might
have been reason for opposing this claim. A
motion was made by the counsel of the Govern-
ment for a new trial. That motion was argued
in full; and Judge Baldwin, in giving the opinion
of the court, m which both judires concurit-d,
stated expressly that the trial had been unusually
careful, and full, and fair, and thai the court, on
examination of the whole matter, saw no reason
to find fault with tile verdict. Two judges oi
the court of the United States so declan d.
That is the state of the facts, and that being the
j state of the farts, it being a contested matter with
' us, it should have its weight. i'his matter was
then examined and determined. Mr. lleesiue,
who alone could explain his own accounts, who
alone could manage his own affairs when they
extended through so many years as they did, en-
deavored as long as he lived to obtain tins claim
from Congress, and since he died his widow has
renewed that application with no success until
the present time. In the mean time Mr. Ueeside
is dead; and what is proposed now? Confess-
