1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
edly, by the opinion of the judges who tried the
cause, the United States, on its own motion,
has had one full, fair examination of the whole
matter, to such degree that the judges who tried
the cause themselves said they saw no reason
to change the verdict; and now it is proposed at
this distance of time, the party being dead, that
his estate shall be turned round to a reexamina-
tion of the case. Sir, what I say, and what ths
committee says, is that, as between man and man,
this would be grossly unjust and unfair. The
United States Government ought to be satisfied
with the great power it has to protect itself. It
is claiming a privilege which would not be ac-
corded to any citizen, and would not be consid-
ered just or right, in reference to any citizen.
That is the position on which it is based.
Now, as to the danger which gentlemen ima-
gine. We do not establish the principle that this
judgment can be enforced, if it is a judgment.
We still retain that matter in our own hands.
The very position in which this case is now before
the Senate of the United States, shows that there
is no such danger. There is no mode in which
these verdicts can be enforced as judgments.
They must come here; and that branch of the
Government of the United States authorized to
appropriate money has full power over the whole
subject. We may admit such a verdict to be
conclusive on us or not, just as we please. What
I contend for is this: if we see that it is fair, if
we see that it is honest, if we see that as between
man and man it would be just, and that the United
Slates ought to pay the money under the circum-
stances, without more delay, then we ought to
waive our privilege of objecting to it, as we would
as individuals pay our own honest debts under
like circumstances. That is all we contend for.
We are told that this question has beendecided
by the Supreme Court contrary to the decision
of the Court of Claims. I beg leave to say to
the Senator fiom Virginia that it is not so. Mr.
Reeside, after obtaining this verdict, applied at
the Treasury for payment. Payment was refused
by Mr. Walker. He then went to the Supreme
Court of the United States for a mandamus.
What did the Supreme Court of the United States
say > They said that, in the first place, there had
been no appropriation by Congress to pay it, and
until there was an appropriation by Congress to
pay, Mr. Walker was under no obligation to pay,
and could not pay it, and thereforelhey could not
grant a matulamub. They said next, m addition
to that, it was not a judgment which could be
enforced against the United States, and in that
everybody concurs. They were right in both
respects; but they did not go so far as to say or
express an-opinion on the abstract point, whether
the verdict makes a debt of record, which is the
opinion expressed by the Court of Claims.
1 have not argued the question whether a ma-
jority of the Court of Claims was right or not. I
do not propose to argue it. I acknowledge the
principle, that the Government cannot be sued,
although coming, perhaps, within the description
of a technical principle, is a sound and safe one.
The idea on which it was originally founded was,
not that the Government could not have a fair
trial, but that the Government was so dignified—
the king was so dignified, that he could not be
carried into his own court for suit; neither could
any sovereign be sued in his own court. It was
considered below his dignity—an infringement of
his dignity. It could not be done in any shape
or form. That was the idea. But go a little fur-
ther and ask yourself this question: suppose the
Government choose to sue an individual, what is
there so very dangerous, so very oppressive, in
allowing the tribunal which the Government itself
selects, to simply settle the question whether the
Government is debtor or creditor, and if debtor,
how much so, especially when that decision or
that judgment, if you please to call it so, cannot
be enforced. The sovereign still has the privilege
of paying or not,-just as he likes. He may hold
back if he pleases. It has no sort of effect on lum
except to fix on record that he owes the money.
That is as far as it goes, and that is as far as the
Court of Claims has gone. They say the com-
mon law principle goes no further than that the
Government cannot be carried into its own courts
as defendant, but that when the Government goes
to a tribunal where certain laws are operative |
with regard to ascertaining the balance between i
the plaintiff and defendant, that tribunal cannot be
excluded from stating whatever the balance is in
order that it may be made matter of record. That is
the simple point decided by the Courtof Claims.
But, as I said before, I do not place the case on
that ground—I place it on the inherent, overbear-
ing, overwhelming equity and justice of the claim
itself, and what I conceive would be the great
hardship—the intense injury of saying to the
estate of Mr. Reeside, after tie has had this one
trial with the Government, and after it has been
decided, and the judgment, verdict, or decision—
whatever you please to call it—has been approved
by the judgment of the court which tried it, now
that he is dead, when his power to exhibit the
truth of the matter as between him and the Govern-
ment has ceased, and there is no person left who
can see that justice is done to the question, if it
shall be tried again, " We will turn him over to
a court for a new trial at the distance of fifteen
years." That is the simple question, and the
only ground on which the committees have placed
it in their reports. I say again, the danger which
gentlemen have conjured up or spokenof in ref-
erence to this master is purely imaginary, because
there is not a single item in either of the reports
of the Senate or House committees which bases
the recommendation for the passage of this bill
solely or even materially on the fact, that the
Court of Claims has refused to go into a rein-
vestigation.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the Senator from
Maine to say, in the first place, that the Commit-
tee on Claims did not decide upon this verdict of
the jury as affording the evidence of the justice
of the claim against the United States. 1 never
affirmed that the Committee on Claims decided
the identical legal poin t which the Court of Claims
decided; but I said that if I understood the report
it was based on the assumption that this verdict
of %hc jury was evidence of the fact that the Uni-
ted States was indebted to Reeside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is true, under the
circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER. And all they examined was
the verdict of the jury, and they took that as con-
clusive as to the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all.
Mr. HUNTER. Next as to the opinion of the
Supreme Court in the case of Walker vs. Reeside.
I shall not read the whole of this opinion, but
here is the summing up of it; and it will show
that I was right in stating the substance of the
opinion:
" To sanction a judgment under a plea of set-off would
virtually bo allowing the United States to be sued, which
,tli§ laws do not allow."
I said the Supreme Court had decided the pre-
cise reverse of what the Court of Claims have
decided; and I say this sustains me in the state-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. I am desirous, Mr. President,
of voting for tins bill on the ground on which it
is placed in the speech of the honorable Senator
from Maine. I had an amendment to propose,
the effect of which would be to declare that tlie
understanding of the Senate was, that it does not
affirm the decision that the verdict or judgment in
Pennsylvania, or the decision of the Court of
Claims, has any force or effect against the United
States, but that the bill is passed upon the re-
sponsibility of the Senate, relying upon the opin-
ion of the committee of this House, who have
examined it. I am informed that the effect of
such an amendment, if adopted, will be to send
the bill back to the House of Representatives,
and delay its passage. I shall vote for this bill,
under the circumstances, without offering that
amendment; and if the bill passes, I shall offer a
resolution affirming that to be the opinion of the
Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a word to say in reply
to the Senator from Maine. He says we are con-
juring up objections that do not exist to this par-
ticular bill, and he attempts to distinguish it from
its class. In that he has signally failed. This
claim rests solely and exclusively on the effect of
the verdict of the jury. He may say that the
verdict was given in a court of the United States;
that the United States brought suit; that the
United States selected the tribunal;* that the jury
was taken from all over Pennsylvania. The same
considerations apply to every verdict rendered
against the United States. The Senator attempts
to distinguish this from that class of cases. He
docs not pretend that the Court of Claims or the
Committee on Claims have examined the matter,
and can say that we owe this man a, dollar. It
is not pretended that there is any evidence of the
claim before us, exccpt the verdict of the jury.
That is the alpha and omega, the beginning and
the end of the case, and the Senator has failed to
distinguish it from that class which he says we
are arguing against and conjuring objections that
do not he. I say the verdict of the jury ought
not to be evidence on which this Congress shall
vote money. This case, both in the report of
the court and of the committee, stands solely upon
that verdict. Whenever they speak of evidence,
they come to that point, and that is the only point.
Mr. PRATT. I understood the Senator from
Maine expressly to state that neither the com-
mittee of the Senate nor of the House had ex-
amined the merits of the case—that it would take
several months to do so, and they did not attempt
it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I so understood him. The
Senator from Maine, I say, has failed to show
that this claim is distinguishable from any other
case of a verdict against the United States. The
attempt to do so is only ingenious sophistry.
This was rendered precisely m the same way in
which verdicts are always rendered against the
United States. The United States sue persons,
and they respond that the Government owes them
money. The suit is usually brought in the dis-
trict court of the United States, and it goes to
trial. I presume this trial is not distinguishable
from all other trials. The jury was summoned
as usual, the district attorney was in attendance
as usual, and the necessary time for trying it was
given, whether a week, or six weeks, or six
months. The sole question presented to us is,
shall we vote $187,000 on a verdict of a jury
rendered upon a set-off to a suit brought by the
United States? If you establish this precedent,
those who come after yoi^will claim, and claim
unanswerably, that you have established this prin-
ciple. Talk of a resolution being passed that you
do not mean this! Why,you mean nothing else.
The report of the committee—thejudgment of the
Court of Claims, shows that you have no other
evidence; and the committee do not pretend that
they have any other evidence of a debt.
As I before stated, this claim, according to the
best of my recollection, grew out of certain allow-
ances for extra compensation—some allowances
made by Postmaster General Barry, and disal-
lowed by his successor, Mr. Kendall, which Con-
gress steadily refused to pay during the lifetime
of the party, and I trust will refuse to do during
the lifetime of his widow, because the evidence
of the indebtedness of the Government is not
before us, and every verdict now outstanding
against the United States will come here on pre-
cisely the same foundations, and demand pay-
ment of Congress.
I desire, Mr. President, to enter my protest
most solemnly as au American Senator against
the course taken by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] on the suggestion of the Senator
from Maine. Is it true that we are to be denied the
ordinary rights and precluded from the ordinary
duties of legislators upon a suggestion that proba-
bly the House of Representatives may defeat the
bill ? Are we to be forced to establish principles
upon allusions which are even unparliamentary
in themselves ? Here is a Senator who says he
does not want to establish this precedent, but he
wishes to amend the bill; and the gentleman who
has charge of the bill says if you do that the
House of Representatives will defeat it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 said that to amend the
bill would make it necessary to send it back
again to the other House, and that would occasion
delay. I was not afraid of losing it.
Mr. TOOMBS. At any rate, the argument
was that wo should not amend the bill, because
our so doing would either delay or defeat it*
passage in the other House. Sir, the Senate iV
part of the Legislature of this country. It oue'
to do its duty in regard to every bill. It ouf "
to amend what is imperfect. This is a duty wh.
it cannot by any means get rid of. The con.
quences arc with the other branch. The pi
sumption of law is that they will do their du\.
I protest against a principle by which million,
may go out of the Treasury in this way. The
