1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the point of law was wrong. I have looked into
the opinion of the majority of the court, though
I have not had time to examine that of the mi-
nority, and I find nothing that changes the im-
pression which I originally had as to the effect
of the certificate of the jury. I say now, as I
said before, upon reflection, it is contrary to all
the views I have had on the subject. The opinion
of the Court of Claims is based upon the thirty-
fourth section of the judiciary act, which is famil-
iar to all:
"Sec. 34. JinU be it further enacted, That the laws of the
seveial States, except where the Constitution, treaties, or
statutes of the United States shail otherwise require or
provide, shall be regarded as rules of decision in trials at
common law in the courts of the United Stateo, in cases
where they apply."
Where an action of debt is brought by the
United States against an officer of the Govern-
ment, or any other person, the only fact in issue
is, whether the defendant is indebted to the
United States. It is no part of the issue whether
the United States are indebted^ to the defendant
beyond the amount of the claim of the United
States against the defendant. Although the whole
indebtedness of the United States to the defendant
may be inquired into, it is material only to one
point, namely: whether the defendant is indebted
to the United States in a sufficient amount to
cancel the claim of the United States. The cer-
tificate of the jury is entirely extra-judicial, if I
may so express it. It is entirely out of the issue
in the case. It is no part of the case. The only
question before the court, under the laws of the
United States, is simply this: taking into the ac-
count the indebtedness of the United States to-Uie
defendant, and the indebtedness of the defendant
to the United States, is there anything due to the
Government? When, therefore, in this ease, the
verdict of the jury was taken, that the defendant
was not indebted to the United States, it covered
the whole issue between the parties; and the
residue (the certificate) is a matter of no moment
at all, no more than would be the certificate of
an equal number of respectable gentlemen who
had looked into the accounts, and had come to
the opinion that there was a balance due from the
United States to the defendant. That state of the
case arises necessarily—is unavoidable, from the
great principle that the Government cannot be
sued, and has never consented in any case to be
sued. There is no tribunal of any of the States,
or of this Government, save only the Court of
Claims, which can decide a question whether the
Government is indebted to an individual, except
to an extent to cancel an indebtedness from that
individual to the Government. Beyond that there
is no power, there is no jurisdiction, there is no
authority to proceed. If the inquiry is larger, it
is only for the purpose of ascertaining the one fact,
whether there is sufficient indebtedness to cancel
the claim of the Government. This is shown to
be true by the fact, as I believe it to exist univer-
sally, that never, in any court of the United States
in this country, has there been a judgment ren-
dered against the United States, except only for
the costs of suit, if there be costs. There never
has been judgment entered against the United
States, except the mere finding for the defendant,
that he does not owe the United States; and if
costs were allowable they would be claimed
against the United States. I have looked into
the proceedings in this case, and 1 have not been
able to find that there was any judgment by the
court, according to the technical common law, or
any other law, whereby the court considered that
the United States were indebted to the defendant
in the sum of $188,000, or any other sum, and
without that there is no judgment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The entry is in the com-
mon form on the docket: " Judgment on the
verdict."
Mr. TOUCEY. What is " judgment on the
verdict?" Nothing more than this: that the de-
fendant is not indebted to the United States, and
that he go without day. It is not that the de-
fendant recover of the United States $100,000 or
$200,000. If tlide was a judgment of that kind,
the whole ground 011 which the Court of Claims
proceeded would be a valid and indisputable
ground to go upon; and unless' that judgment
was reversed, it would be a judgment of record,
and the executive department here would not
refuse to pay it, unless it set itself up against the
judiciary department. This view I have always
entertained. This is in accordance with the uni-
versal practice of the Government, from the enact-
ment of the judiciary act in 1789 down to the
present time. Never, in any instance where a
certificate of a jury has been given to the effect
that the United States are indebted to the defend-
ant, has it been regarded at the other end of the
avenue by the officers of the law, who arebound
to carry into effect the laws of the United States
in allowing claims against the Government, as
any foundation for a claim. I think, on reflec-
tion, that the majority of the Court of Claims
have decided wrongly. 1 think that, under the
act establishing the Court of Claims, they were
bound to go into this subject; they were bound
to examine the merits of the case; they could
not rely on the certificate of a jury, and say they
would not go into the merits of the claim and
examine it, and send it back to us to act upon.
I am free to admit that my impressions are
altogether, from the knowledge I have, in favor
of the widow of Reeside. 1 think there is a
claim in her favor. The amount of it I do not
know. I believe it should be examined into, and
whatever it may be, the Government should be
ready, as I do not doubt it will be, to pay it. I
have said what I have stated upon this point,
because 1 think the precedent which will be es-
tablished by saying that the certificate of a jury
in any State whatever, may be the law of the
State, is in fact a judgment that the United States
are indebted to the defendant in that amount, and
that he is entitled to recover it, would be a prece-
dent dangerous indeed, and one which the legisla-
tive department has never intended to sanction.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not contro-
vert at all the position of the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, and I think he has stated the
law soundly and fairly 011 this subject; but there
is another principle of law which I think may
well be brought in on behalf of this claimant; and
it is that no party shall take advantage of his
own laches or neglect. This claimant for nearly
twenty years has been knocking at the doors of
the Government, at every department, legislative,
executive, and judicial, by which it could be ap-
proached. Reeside and his representatives have
done everything they could; they have, in the
quaint old language of the common law, made
continual claim upon your Government in every
way in which it has been intimated to them that
there was a door open by which they might come
in to have the claim adjusted. They have gone
to the Executive, they have gone to Congress,
they have gone to the judiciary, and when you
have made a special tribunal with anomalous
powers, they have gone there. I11 110 single de-
partment of the Government, where the claim
has been made, has there ever been an adverse
decision; but the report has always been for
them.
Now, sir, after twenty years' delay—after the
claimant, with broken fortunes and with broken
heart, has gone down to his grave 011 account of
the tardiness with winch justice was administered
here, and his widow comes foiwaid praying that
the little mite which is yet left may be saved to
i her, the Government stands up and says it has not
been done exactly right. No fault is found with
the claimant, but with the Government. Our
departments, it is said, have not done right; the
court in Pennsylvania did not do right; the Court
of Claims here have not done right; and the com-
, mittee have not done right. There is 110 aiiega-(
I tion that the claimant has been guilty of wrong;
| and we stand here now to take advantage of our
j own wrong. Having had this money, and kept
it from the original claimant and his widow and
his children from a time whereof the memory of
a middle-aged man runneth not to the contrary,
the Government now puts itself in the position
of saying that the claim has not been properly
presented and proved. Who has affirmed its
validity? You have done it yourselves. The
Governmenthas done it. Reeside has done every-
thing he could. He came to the front door, and
when you sent him around to the back door, he
has gone there. In every possible avenue by
which he could approach the Government, he has
come up here; anil every departmentof the Gov-
ernment which has heard his tale, has said he has
an honest claim. There is no dispute about it,
but still we are not ready to pay it, because he
has not got the right way yet.
Sir, look at the history of this case. I do not
believe m the Court of Claims any more than
anybody else. Indeed, when I first heard of the
establishment of the court and its organization',
after I was elected to the Senate, I came to the
conclusion that a report from that court would bs
prima facie evidence against a claim. That wag
the first impression I had, and I have not got
entirely rid of it yet. It seems that more than
twenty years ago, under the administration of
Major Barry, the Post Office Department became
exceedingly embarrassed; and when Mr. Kendall
came in, he deemed it necessary to resort to an
extraordinary series of measures in order to en-
able him to carry 011 the administration of that
Department of the Government. Among those
measures was first, a suspension of all recent al-
lowances for the credit of the contractors; second,
a refusal to accept or pay any drafts except by
special arrangement; and third, the application
of the current income of, the Department to the
expenses of the Department, the surplus only tb
be applied to existing claims against the Depart-
ment. I have no doubt of the public integrity
of Mr. Kendall in making this arrangement, but
he found that it would not do. It seems that he
then went back and rejudged what his predeces-
sor had already judged and determined, and he
decided that Reeside should not be allowed the
allowances which Major Barry had already made
lnm, and he recharged over again to Reesidp
sums to the amount of this verdict which had
been already passed upon and adjudicated by his
predecessor. That appears in the report. An
honorable gentleman 111 front of me seems to
doubt this. The report says:
"The account exhibited by the United States at the
tnal m Philadelphia, arut certified by the Attditorjfor the
Post Office Department, amounted, on the debit%ide, to
$513,067 08, winle credits were allowed to Reeside to the
amount of .$-165,991 46, leaving a balance nf $47,072 62,
while JleeMde claimed a balance m his favor of about
§•250,000. A huge portion of these debits were sums whictj
had been allowed and credited to Reeside by Mr. Harry,
Postmaster General, and winch had been recharged by Post-
master General Kendall. To test the legality, equity, and
justice of the.su iceharges and other acts of Mr. Kendall,
overruling the official act-> of his predecessor, was a leading
object of the act for the relief of Stokes and others, ana
of the seventeenth section of the general act of the same
date. If these letiospectivc} acts of Mr. Kendall were found
to be invalid and illegal, the ascot tainment of that fact alone
determined the indebtedness of the United States; for by
the Department's* own showing, if these recharges were
excluded, a huge balance would appear m favor of Stock-
ton, Stokes, Reoide, and otheis. Both the Solicitor of the
Trea^uty and the cncuit coin, to whom the questron was
submitted by special acts of Congress, decided against the
validity. rquity,aud justice of Mr. Kendall's acts; and the
result was, that the Department's books themselves evi-
denced its indebtedne.-s to these parties."
The court found, as every court must find, and
as every officer of the executive department will
tell you now, that they had no authority to re-
judge anything of the sort. It is a judicial pro-
ceeding. 1 remember, sir, when I was a member
of the Congress before the last, I was intrusted
with the care of a claim before the Comptroller,
and that highly intelligent officer, Mr. Whittle-
sey, said to me: k4 Your claim may be very good,
but it has been decided by my predecessor, Mr.
McCullough, and I cannot reopen it," I asked
him, if I went to the Secretary of the Treasury
and got an order from him and the President of
the United States, it would do; but he said it will
do you no more good than so much white paper.
They ace not judicial officers, and the decisions
of the heads of the Departments are in the char-
acter of judicial decrees, and they must stand;
and neither the President of the United States
nor the Secretary of the Treasury can reopen
them. Neither could any Postmaster General
rejudge the doings of his predecessor; and the
court in Pennsylvania well found that that was
illegal and unjust and extraordinary. That was
the question before them.
Now let me ask —suppose gentlemen have
doubts in regard to the propriety and correctness
of every step that has been tafcen—what could
the crcuitor have done more than he lias done?
Has he been in any default? Has he been guilty
of any lachesi Has he lain still? No, sir. Tip
histoiy of this case shows that as soon as this
decision was made in 1842, he came to Congress,
and he stayed here petitioningand re-petitioning,
until you established the Court of Claims, and
turned him there. Then he went there, and stayed
there, with the same result. He has got there,
and now comes back here Again; and asks that
