MS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
- mires; sumac; saltonnuriateof soda, of at! kinds; spices
of:vMUm{l-< *, saw; saraaparilla; spunk,- ; sulphate
and muu.rtc of potash; tailow, manow, and all other
gjva-e. and soap.<oefcs and soap stuffs; terne, tin plates ;
te-m j<ifiomc;t or easeehu *, t mi oil tin. m platen or sheets.
aj[".'«lv2nH/''d , nn, in pigs, bar.-, or Mocks; tortoise and
othci leoimnmactured , turmeric ; type mutate and
ol'd tvpe^ fit only to be remanufaetured ; tapioca; vanilla
b.:a,:-; verd^n.-; ware, domical, earthen or pottery, of a
capic.ty efemlma son gallons; vva^to, «f shoddy; weld;
whiyn!r,or Paris whit**; woad, or pastel; woods—namely,
cedar, immmvine, ebony, box, granadilla, mahogany,
rosewood^ satm wood, and all cabinet woods; sheeps'
wool, unmanufactured., of the value at the port of importa-
tion of fifteen cents per pound or less, and of the value of
' fi;ty cents per pound or over; and hair of the alpaca, the
goat, and other like animals, unmanufactured; zinc, spel-
ter, or tentenegue, in sheets or pigs; zinc, when old and fit
only to be remanufactured.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] desires to speak on
the President's message; and I will therefore ask
to have taken up one of the appropriation bills.
I propose to let this bill he over by common
consent till to-morrow, and to take up one of the
regular appropriation bills. That will enable the-
gentleman from Maryland to go on.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he will allow the homestead
bill, which is first on the Calendar, to be taken
up instead of one of the appropriation bills?
t Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am very de-
sirous of proceeding with the appropriation bills.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before thugentleman from
Maryland proceeds, I desire to ask the Chair
whether—this tariff bill having been read—it is in
order to propose an amendment affecting the tariff
on articles not enumerated in that bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I desire to offer an
amendment as to the classification of certain classes
of goods.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will in-
dicate his amendment when he shall obtain the
floor for the purpose of doing so. He obtained
the floor now merely for the purpose of asking
a question. .If the gentleman from Maryland
yields the floor now for the purpose of offering
an amendment, he yields it altogether.
Mr. BOWIE. I do not yield the floor for that
purpose; but I desire to know whether the Chair
intends to decide thatgentlemcn, speaking to this
.special order, must confine themselves to the
question of the tariff*
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, in
reply to the gentleman from Maryland, that he
understands that by the usage of the House,
rather than by any rule—indeed, the present oc-
cupant of the chair thinks in violation of the
rule—debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union has been allowed to take a
wider latitude than the question under consider-
ation would permit.
Mr BOWIE I do not want to hear any more
arguments in support of the decision of the Chair,
i hope he will allow me to go on, in accordance
with what he says is the usage of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the prac-
tice has been, that when a general bill has been
made a special order, that must be the business
before the committee, though general debate may
be allowed to go on under it. But when certain
days arc set apart for the coesideration of a par-
ticular class or business, such as territorial busi-
ness, or District of Columbia business, the prac-
tice has been that, notwithstanding the House may
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, the debate must be confined to the
business under consideration. I do not recollect
any case where a general bill, a revenue hill, or
an appropriation bill, has be«n made a special
order, in which the debate has been confined to
the subject under consideration. The rule re-
quires 111at the special order shall be considered;
but the practice has been to allow debate to take
the widest latitude, embracing all subjects relating
to the Unian generally.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 do not propose to confine
my remarks to the bill under consideration, but
i want to know whether the Chair decides that I
can go oj] and nuke my speech ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no pride
of opinion in reference to the subject. If the
question is raised, the Chair will decide under
the 31st rule <hat debate must be confined lo the
subj.ci-mutter under consideration; and if the
committee oboeve to reverse his decision* they
can give the matter whatever direction they
choosev
Mr. ORR. I shall ask that the rule be enforced
in order that we may be able to dispose of this
taritf question.
The CHAIRMAN. When the question of
ordt-r is raised, the Chair will decide as he has
stated.
Mr. BOWIE then addressed the committee for
an hour on the President's message, and in reply
to the recent spcech of his colleague, Mr. Davis.
His speech is withheld for revision, and will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. AKERS then obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. MORRILL, who gave notice that he
should, at the proper time, offer the following
amendment to the bill:
Protrided, That any wool or hair of the alpaca, the goat,
and other like animals, which shall he imported in any other
than the ordinary condition, as now and heretofore prac-
ticed, or which shall be changed in its character for the
purpose of evading the duty, or which shall be cleansed or
purified or assorted, so as to raise its value at the port of
importation to fifty cents per pound or over, or which shall
be reduced in value by the admixture of dirt or any foreign
substance, to fifteen cento per pound or less, shall be subject
to pav a duty of thirty per cent., anything m tlu* act to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. FLORENCE also gave notice that he
should offer the follovingamendment to the bill:
All goods or aitiele^ of manufacture unfinished, generally
denominated oc known as goods in the gray, (giease,)
of which the tissues arc of combed wool, of winch the
chain and filling are wool, such as merinoe*, mou&sohne-
de-lac:e, eashnrjies, and satins ; also tissues of which the
chain is Mlk and the filling wool, such as baiege  and &at-
in£, be clarified m schedule , and hereafter admitted
upon paving aduty often percent, ad valorem.
Mr. ORR. I desire to give notice, that after
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Akers] shall
have spoken to-morrow, I shall insist upon the
enforcement of the rule, that speeches shall be
confined to the subject-matter before the commit-
tee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It would be better
to close debate, and let all speeches be made upon
amendments under the five-miaute rule.
Mr. DA VIS, of Maryland. As the gentleman
from Missouri does not desire to proceed to-day,
I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. H. Marshall reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly a bill (H."R. No. 566) reducing the duty
on imports, and for other purposes, but had come
to no resolution thereon.
enrolled bills.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of Sarah Crandall, deceased; and
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy."
tariff bill and amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask that the
substitute offered for the tariff bill be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. And all the amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. And all the amend-
ments.
It was so ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. CUMBACK, (at
a quarter past three-o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned. _
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 14, 1857.
The Housp met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION TO EMPLOYES
OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER stated the question first in
order to be on the motion to recommit to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means an act (S. No. 190)
relating to foreign coins, and to the coinage of
cents at the Mint of the United States.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to say
that, as caairman of the Committed of Ways and ;
Means, I have had some correspondence with
the Secretary of the Treasury in reference to the
communication which he addressed to the House
on the 5th instant, inclosing the report of the
Comptroller I think it proper to ask that it
may be printed for the use of the House.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. The other com*
munications on this subject were reported and
published in the currentproceedings of the House
m the .Globe. J think it is well enough to let
these documents take the same direction.
It was so ordered.
The following are the documents in question:
Room Committee of Ways andMeas?,
Washington, January 6,1857.
Sir : Your communication of the 5th instant, addressed
to the House of Representatives, has been referred to this
committee.
Upon examination of your letter, I find that you refer to
a law of July 26, 1842; and by reference to the Statutes at
Laige, volume 5, there does not appear to be a public law
approved on that day by the President.
Presuming that some clerical error has been made in
copying the same, will you be pleased to inform me to
what law you intended to refer?
Very truly yours, &e.,
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL, Chairman,
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department, January 7, 1S57.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 6th instant, calling my attention to the
de.te of the act of Congress referred to in the communica-
tion of thi- Department, of the 5th instant, to the honor-
able the Speaker of the House of Representatives, relative
to tiie claim of the employes of the House, and to ^ay, m
reply, that a clerical ertor was committed in stating the act
alluded to, winch should have been "30th *3ugust," 1842,
in&tead of " 26th July," as written.
I will thank jou to cause the erroi to be corrected.
I am, very respectfully, JAMCS GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. L. D. Campbell, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Koom Committee of Ways and Means,
Washington, January 9,1857.
Sir : Your tetter of the 6th instant has been received,
i Upon an examination of the public laws appioved by the
Picsident on the 26th of August, lc?42. I am unable to find
a law that contains any language similar to that quoted in
your letter or' the 5th instant, addre.-sed to the House of
Rcpie«entativo«:, relative to the extra compensation to cer-
tain.employes of the House.
Will \ou please refer me to the volume and page of the
Statute^ at Lar?u containing the language quoted by you?
Veiy truly yours, ,
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL, Chairman.
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department, January 10, 1857.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 9th instant. calling my attention to the pro-
vision of law referred to in my letters of the 5th and 6th
instant, and. in reply, have to say, that the error was caused
by the clerk in transcribing the original draft of the letter,
and that the law cited, and to which attention was called,
was the second section of the act approved August 23,
1843. (Statutes at Large, vol. 5, p. 510.)
I will thank you to cause the correction to be made ac-
cordingly.
1 am, very respectfully, JAMES GUTHLilE,
Secretaiy of ike Treasury,
Hon. L. D. Campbell, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means) Home of Representatives.
Room Committee of Ways and Means,
January 12, 1857.
Sir : Your letter of the JOth instant is received, referring
to the second section of the act of August 23,1842, as the
law you intended to quote in your letter of the 5th instant,
addressed to the Speaker, inclosing the report of the First
Comptroller of the Tieasury. On examination of the sec-
tion now tererred to, I lind it does not contain the language
as quoted in jour letter of the 5th instant.
Your letter of the 5th instant, with the report of the
Comptroller, has been referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means ; and, with a view to elicit such mfoimation as
will enable them to present thi question properly befoie
the House, I beg leave to inquire upon the authority of what
law payments were made under the following resolutions
of the House of Il"pici.eiitatives, granting extra compen-
sation to the officers, clerks, messengers, pases, and labor-
ers of the House, and the police and laborers of the Capitol
and Capuolgrounds, viz:
Twenty-Ninth Congress, first session. See Journal, p.
! jm .
i Twenty Ninth Congress, second session. See Journal,
j pp. 517, oltf.
I Thirtieth Congress, first session. Hee Journal, pp. 1175,
Thirtieth Congress, second session. See Journal, pp. 650,
631.651.
Thirty-First Congress, first session. Sec Journal, p. 1555.
Thirty-First Congress, second session. See Journal, p.
418.
Thirty-Second Congress, first session. See Journal, p.
Iid4.
Thirty-Second Congress, second session. See Journal,
p. 355.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, first session* See Journal, p*
