818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
for (.he establishment of an inspection district at
Paducah, Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WATKINS, it was
Ordered, That tile Court of Claims be requested to return
tlio papers in the case of William Bullock, and that tlie
same be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER introduced a bill to com-
plete and repair the dams erected by the General
Government in the Cumberland river; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. READY introduced a bill for the benefit
of the soldiers enlisted for a term of years under
the act of 12th December, 1812, and retained on
the military peace establishment of the United
States under the act of 3d March, 1815; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BARBOUR introduced a bill supplement-
ary to the act organizing an institution for the
insane of the Army and Navy and of the District
of Columbia, in the said District, approved
March 3, 1850; which was read a first and second
-time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first and
second time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
graduate and reduce" the price of the public lands
to actual cultivators and settlers," approved
August 4, 1K54. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill for the improvement of the navigation
of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill to abolish the
duty on sugar; which was read a first and second
time, and- referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. WOODWORTH introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to provide for the establishment of rail-
road and telegraphic communication between the
Atlantic States and Pacific ocean. Referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to
be printed.
A bill to extend the provisions of the act en-
titled " An act in addition to certain acts granting
public lands to certain officers and soldiers who
nave been engaged in the military service of the
United States," to the officers and soldiers of
Major David Billings's battalion of Cook county,
Illinois, volunteers. Referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked leave
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to inquire into the disposition which has been made
by the Legislature of ibe State of Iowa, of that portion of
the public lands granted to the said State of Iowa by the
act of Congress of May 15,1856, entitled " An act making
a grant of lands to the State of Iowa in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in said State,"
winch provides for the construction of a railioad from the
city of Dubuque to a point on the Missouri river near Sioux
City, with a branch irorn the mouth of the 'i'cte des Morts,
to the nearest point on the said road, to be completed as
soon as the mam road is completed to that point; whether
the said State has disposed of the same to any railroad com-
pany, and if so, to what company; and what conditions, if
an v, were imposed upon such company by the said State,
and whether such company has complied with the con-
dition^ of the said grant made by Congress, or whether it
tins evaded the conditions of said grant; and that the said
committee have power to send for persons and papers.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, introduced a bill
for the relief ofLucien B. Adams, surviving ex-
ecutor of James Adams, deceased; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. MORRISON introduced a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Abraham Stab-
lings; which was read a first and second time,
arid referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS introduced a bill to establish an
additional land district in the State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. AKERS. I presented the day before yes-
terday a memorial, asking its reference to the
Committtson Publie JLands, of which I see there
is no notice. I desire to advert to the fact, so
that the memorial may get into the hands of that
committee •
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask leave to introduce
a resolution.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions have been all
objected to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If it be objected to, I
will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ought not to re-
ceive it.
Mr. EVANS introduced a bill appropriating
$30,000 for the purpose «f improving the navi-
gation of the Sabine Pass, and a further sum of
$30,000 for the purpose of removing the bar at
the mouth of the Trinity river; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. THORINGTON introduced a bill to con-
stitute Clinton and Davenport, in the State of
Iowa, ports of delivery; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. T. also introduced a bill incorporating the
Granite Manufacturing Company of Washington
city, in the District of "Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, introduced a bill to
divide the State of Iowa into two judicial dis-
tricts; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DENVER introduced a bill for the relief
of William McDaniel; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Also, a bill to fix the compensation of em-
ployes in the United States Mint at San Fran-
cisco, California; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Also, a bill for the improvement of the Sacra-
mento aad San Joaquin rivers, below the cities
of Sacramento and Stockton; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, a bill making a grant of lands to the
State of California, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of railroads in said State; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HERBERT introduced a bill providing
for the sale of the surveyed public lands in the
State of California; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. OTERO introduced a bill to provide for
the construction of certain military roads in the
Territory of New Mexico; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a bill to provide
for paying the awards of the commissioners
appointed by the Secretary of War under the
eleventh section of the act of Congress, approved
August 18,1856, entitled " An act making appro-
priations for certain civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment, for the year ending 30th June, 1857;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a bill to extend the provisions of the act
entitled " An act to amend an act entitled an act to
establish the territorial government of Oregon,
and an act to establish the territorial government
of Minnesota," to the Territory of Washington;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
Also, a bill to provide for the survey of the
Columbia river, in the Territories of Washing-
ton and Oregon; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WHITFIELD introduced bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which were read a first and second
time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill making appropriations for public build-
ings in the Territory of Kansas. Referred to the
Committee on Territories.
A bill to provide for the construction of mili-
tary roads and bridges in the Territory of Kan-
sas. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. , m ,
Mr. WOOD. I ask leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the construction of one or more rail-
roads, and a telegraphic line or lines of commu-
nication, from some point or points in the Missis-
sippi valley, to another or other corresponding
point or points on the shore of the Pacific ocean.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I think the gentle-
man does not propose to give the bill a proper
direction; I think that it should be referred, like
other railroad bills, to the Committee on Public
Lands. There is no doubt it is a Pacific railroad
bill. I move that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. Wood's motion was rejected; and the bill
was then referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. BILLINGHURST, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House, of the petition and papers of Failey
T. Coon, for pension, in order that they may be referred to
the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofWisconsin, introduced
a bill granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to
aid in the improvement of the navigation of the
Wisconsin river; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The SPEAKER stated that the thirty minutes
set apart for the introduction of bills for refer-
ence liad expired.
Mr. STRANAHAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill authorizing the purchase of a
site, and the construction of a suitable building
for a post office at the city of Brooklyn, State of
New York; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McMULLIN asked leave to introduce a
bill repealing an act approved February 9, 1816,
entitled " An act, t,o continue in force an act en-
titled 'an act laying a duty on imported salt,
granting a bounty on pickled fish exported, and
allowances to certain vessels employed in the
fisheries.' "
Mr. DAMRELL objected.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to equalize the Army, Navy, and
Marine pensions; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill for the relief of
John B.Rose, of Wabash county, Indiana; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SAGE moved that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MILLSON. When thirty minutes were
set apart for the introduction of bills for reference,
it was understood that the morning hour for the
reception of reports from committees should not
be interfered with. I therefore appeal to the gen-
tleman from New York to allow reports to be
made by the withdrawal of his motion to go into
committee.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I should never have
yielded my consent to setting apart thirty min-
utes for the introduction 6f bills for reference, if
it had not been understood that the business of
the morning hour should not be interfered with.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman to make the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union at any
time.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. H. Marshall in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being bill
(H. R. No. 566) reducing the duty on imports,
and for other purposes.
Mr. AKERS, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee upon the vaiious topics
that have been discussed during the debate on the
President's message. His speech- is withheld for
revision, and will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. DURFEE. Mr. Chairman, any proposi-
tion to change the revenue laws of the country
cannot be a matter of indifference to the State
which I have the honor to represent. The prom-
inent interest of that State is her manufactures.
