1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
Being among the first to embark in the business,
she has always pursued it with characteristic
perseverence, and with a success which has fluc-
tuated only in consequence of the fluctuations
of national legislation. She has also been, even
when represented by members of the party most
opposed to protective tariffs, almost uniformly
the advocate of protection. And I think I speak
truly when I say that, at the present moment, a
large majority of the intelligent and well-informed
of all political parties in that State are decidedly
favorable to a tariff which, whether denominated
revenue or protective, shall be based upon some
principle of discrimination in favor of domestic
industry. And when I say this, I would not by
any means have it understood that their opinion
is the creature of local business interests. On
the contrary, I believe that those who have most
profoundly studied the subject, and have had the
most varied experience of its practical workings,
are thoroughly convinced that such a policy, with-
in a range of judicious discrimination, is the
truly sound policy, not alone for Rhode Island
and New England, but likewise for the nation at
large. Their experience has taught them that
the business of no one member of the Confederacy
can vigorously flourish without at the same time
stimulating and recruiting the vital circulation of
the entire people. Neitherdo they deem the policy
liable to any constitutional objection. For if it be
the object of taxation to defray the expenses of
Government, and the object of Government, not
merely to secure its own existence, but also " to
provide for the general welfare," then does it
seem to them absurd not to keep this latter
object in view, as well in the mode of levying
the taxes as in the mode of their disbursement.
And, furthermore, if a discriminative tariff be
both beneficial and constitutional, they hold that
the power of imposing such a tariff, which, for
the common good, the States surrendered to the
General Government, is in the hands of that Gov-
ernment, not an irresponsible prerogative, which
it may or may not exercise at its pleasure, but a
sacred trust, which it is bound by every principle
of honor and justice to administer in such way
as shall most advantage those for whose benefit
it was so intrusted. In other words, the power
to lay and collect duties and imposts, agreeably
to the meaning which has accrued to it from the
long-continued practice of nations, is now, as
when given by the Constitution, in the United
States, as it was in the separate States—a power
not only to raise revenue, but also by that means,
and as a legitimate incident of its exercise, to
foster and encourage the industrial pursuits of
(the country. A_nd they believe these views to be
in accordance with the dictates of patriotism and"
common sense, and with the teachings of our
truest statesmen—the framers of the Constitution
and the fathers of the Republic; and that its
expediency has been tested and approved in all
the past history of the Union. In these views I
presume I need hardly add I cordially concur,
and am desirous, on all suitable occasions, to
devote my humble efforts to their promotion.
By the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
it appears that the national revenues exceed the
exigencies of an economical national expenditure
by from sixteen to eighteen millions of dollars.
It requires no superhuman sagacity to foresee
that such a sum, annually withdrawn from active
circulation, would quickly produce inextricable
and ruinous confusion in the finances of the coun-
try. We must, then, to prevent such a disaster,
either rcduce our revenues, or find new objects
for oxpcndit&re. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury proposes reduction. His proposition, I pre-
sume, meets the approval of a majority of the
Legislature, and will, therefore, if not at the
present session, ultimately Ue adopted. And it
being settled that a reduction shall be made, the
important thing is to determine the manner in
which it shall be made. In accordance with the
views which I have just expressed, I think, of
course, that we ought to seek for some principle
of reduction which, while it lessens the revenue,
will at the same time foster and promote the indus-
trial interests of the country.
Two modes of reduction are proposed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and are understood
to be favored by the Administration: first, the
admission of the raw materials of manufactures
duty free; second, the admission of some articles
of general consumption duty free, and a reduc-
tion of the duties upon others of that description,
of some seven or eight millions of dollars, in
these two modes, it is believed, the revenue will
be reduced within the measure of an economical
expenditure. It is of the former of these two
modes of reduction that I wish to make a few
remarks. The reasons which have guided the
Secretary of the Treasury in the adoption of this
mode are briefly and luminously stated in his
report. To sum them up in a single phrase, they
are — encouragement of home manufactures. His
plan, in other words, i^ new and more indirect
application of an old policy of protection. He
says:
" Allow the incidental protection of a revenue tariff, and
place our manufactures and productions upon the same
beneficial footing that foreign manufacturers and producers
enjoy, in oar own and foreign countnep, by taking off the
duties we now impose on the law material, and give them
fair and equal competition for the home and foreign markets,
and we may safely leave all the rest to the skill and enter-
prise of our people."
Now, if this plan will truly fulfill these predic-
tions, I consider it deserving of cordial support.
And whether it shall or not be all that is claimed
for it, I nevertheless look upon it as a step in the
right direction. If it did nothing more than rec-
ognize the principle of discrimination, I should
regard it as a gain; and still more do I regard it
as such, when it comes with the distinct promise
of great practical benefits.
The great manufacturing nations of Europe
admit the raw materials of their manufactures
free of duty. Now, this alone gives them a man-
ifest and uncompensated superiority over us in
all foreign markets; for, other things being equal,
it is plain that the manufacturer who can pro-
cure his raw material at the cheapest rate can
furnish the manufactured goods at the cheapest
rate; and therefore, under such circumstances, the
manufacturer who can procure his raw material
free of duty can afford to undersell the manufac-
turer who has to procure his raw material bur-
dened with a duty, and excludc him from any
market where both present themselves upon an
equal footing. The difference m the cost of pro-
duction per yard may be infinitesimally small;
but, in the result, it is all the difference between
the keeping and the losing of a market. Now,
in so far as this difference depends upon the
enhancement of the cost of raw materials, by
duties, is it clearly nothing more than common
justice to remove it by the repeal of the duties,
unless there be some cogent reason for retaining
them—as a part of the necessary revenues, or for
the protection of some interest which has an
equal or greater claim than that of manufactures.
In his greater abundance of capital and labor,
the foreign manufacturer has surely advantages
enough, without any assistance from our own
Government. Rut notwithstanding these advant-
ages, the proximity of the West Indies, and of
South and Central America, would enable us to
compete for these markets, at least in those coarser
descriptions of manufactures, m the cheapness of
producing which wo already rival them, were it
not for this duty upon raw materials.
Now, is there any sense in our taxing ourselves
any longer for the benefit of England and France?
If we have gone so far beyond the Christian rule
that we love our neighbors better than ourselves,
I can understand the motives of such a policy.
If, however, we have advanced no further than
to love our neighbors as ourselves, it does seem
to me that the continuance of such a policy ad-
mits of no valid excuse; and I do think, in this
view of the subject, that the manufacturers of
New England may well say, that the blood of her
fathers was shed for some better purpose than
merely that we might perpetuate, of our own ac-
cord, a commercial vassalage, which we found so
galling when imposed upon us against our con-
sent. It may be no disgrace voluntarily to wear
their manacles and ojialns; but it is at least a
species of self-humiliation which does not add
much to our reputation for wisdom in this world,
nor comport very well with our character in other
respects.
The removal of these duties, then, will place
us on the footing of equality with foreign man-
ufacturers in the procurement of the raw materials
of manufactures. But the foreign manufacturer
still has the advantage "over us in the cheaper
rates of money and of labor'—«o .great that he
could even drive us out of our own markets in
; many styles of manufactures, unless we secure
1 to ourselves some counterbalancing advantage in
the shape of duties upon manufactured goods.
Such a counterpoise the Secretary of the Treasury
j promises in the imposition of an adequate revenue
tariff. Now, if the system will accomplish this,
j it is all that the American manufacturer can ask;
! it is all that the reasonable portion of them have
| ever asked. What they have sought, under the
' offensive appellation of protection, comes to them
divested of its repulsive features in the prepos-
sessing guise of revenue. That it will fulfill all
its gracious promises, I cannot of course fore-
know; but, that with a duty of thirty per cent,
on manufactured goods, which I suppose is as
low as the requirements of the Government will
admit, after the reduction to which I have referred,
it will be a very great improvement upon the
present state of things, and, in a great measure,
satisfactory to a majority of the manufacturers, I
am convinced. That itcomes in a form eminently
calculated to win the favor of all classes and
parties, and, therefore, to acquire the invaluable
attribute of permanence, 1 am also convinced;
and with all these qualities to recommend it, it
is to me no objection that it proceeds from a
source which will be likely to procure for it a
readier acceptance, at least in one branch of the
National Legislature.
But objections have been raised to this system
which are worthy of consideration. Under its
operation, foreign wool would cease to be a duti-
able article. It appears, by the tables appended
to the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that even under our present rates of duty, we
import wool to the amount of a million and a
half of dollars, and manufactures of wool to the
value of over thirty millions of dollars. Esti-
mating the wool, in these imported manufactures,
at one third their value, and adding that to the
value of the raw wool imported, it will be seen
that we use annually from ten to twelve millions
of dollaj-s' worth of foreign wool. Now, it is
feared, if the duty be taken off the raw material,
that although the importations of woolen manu-
factares would diminish, yet the importation of
the wool itself would increase in a far greater
proportion, and lead to a great and ruinous de-
clension in the prices of domestic wool. If such
would be the operation, it would be to favor the '
manufacturer at the expense of the producer, or
what is still worse, the foreign producer at the m
expense of the home producer. Now, we have
just been complaining of this kind of legisla-
tion, as applied to the manufacturer, and could
not, of course, with anything like consistency,
advocate its application to the grower of wool.
But would such be the effect of the repeal ? It
is well known that certain qualities of woo! can-
not be grown in the United States. Our climate,
our soil, or the ciflture of our flocks, is such as
not to admit of its production. The experiment
has been repeatedly tried, and never, I believe,
with more than a very imperfect success. And
there are certain styles of woolen manufactures
in which some admixture of these foreign wools
are indispensable to give them the proper fiber,
or the proper finish. The manufacture of broad-
cloths, it is notorious, has almost, if not entirely,
ceased within a few years, because the price of
these indispensable foreign wools has been raised
by the duties to such a degree as to make the
manufacture unprofitable; and yet, notwithand-
ing the heavy duties upon foreign wools, and
notwithstanding an immense increase in the
demand for woolen manufactures, there has been,
during the last five years, a large positive decrease
in the production of American wool. The duty,
then, as it exists at present, does not even pro-
mote the interests of the wool grower, but by
checking or destroying the manufacture of all
cloths which require an admixture of foreign
wool, is an absolute injury to him.
Now, in view of these facts, it has been pro-
posed to repeal the duties upon such qualities of
wool as cannot be grown in this country, and
thereby give the wool-growertheencouragement
! which he will derive from a renewal of such man-
| ufactures as require the foreign admixtures, and
' at the same time protect him from competition
I with the foreign grower by retaining the duty
j upon such qualities as can begrown in this coun-
(try-. The Secretary of the Treasury objects to
