m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14.
this plan, that it will cause great embarrass-
ments to the collection of the revenue, by hold-
ing out temptations to the importer to class all
his wools among one or the other of these duty-
free qualities. I do not regard this objection as
sufficient, provided the protection is really needed.
Bat is it needed ? The Secretary of the Treasury;
says not: men of great practical knowledge in
this branch of industry say not. They inform us,
upon reliable authority, that the simple charges
of transportation on imported wools, independ-
ent of the duties, are not less than twenty-five
percent. Now, can it be possible, that the Ameri-
can wool-grower, with his boundless pastures, a
favorable climate, and a superfluity of every spe-
cies of nutriment for his flocks, cannot produce the
wool which actually flourishes here as cheaply
as. it can be imported with these heavy charges
upon its importation ? Why, for the last ten
years he has been protected, and yet, during
that period, both the price and the production
have been subject to constant fluctuations, and
the clip for the last year has been five millions of
• pounds less than that of five years ago. The
season of this is not the insufficiency of protec-
tion , but the unsteadiness of the market. When-
ever the price of wool falls in consequence of its
accumulation, manufactories spring up, exhaust
the stock on hand, and, being prevented by the
tariff from supplying the deficiency of produc-
tion by importation, are necessarily closed, or
diverted to another business.
Again, there comes an accumulation of wool,
and a decline of prices; and again, yielding to
the same temptation, the manufacturer passes
th rough the same vicissitudes of temporary pros-
perity and alternate suspension. The existing
tariff operates, in facr, a twofold injury—first,
upon the manufacturer, and then upon the pro-
ducer. For the qualities of wool which naturally I
thrive here we no more need protection, in my
humble judgment, than we need protection for the
raising of Indian corn. What we do want is a
reliable, steady, increasing home market; and
that a repeal of the duties on wool will instantly
create. The mills are built, or will be built; the
spindles and the iooms abide our bidding; the
labor is already on our shores, or waiting an invi-
tation to immigrate; with us only it remains to
speak the word, and, with a wonder-working
potency more marvelous than the magician's
epell, to gladden a thousand villages with the hum j
of happy industry, and whiten far and wide the 1
grassy slopes and lull-sides of our extended land J
with millions of bleating flocks. ]
Fortunately for us we are not left to mere !
speculation, however well grounded, as to the !
result of a repeal of these duties. The example
of England, under circumstances almost precisely •
parallel, is full of instruction. The earliest ac-
counts, indeed, which we have of English woolen j
manufactures, inform us that the Government |
exerted itself to encourage them, not only by !
allowing a free importation, but with an anxiety !
much too excessive for their improvement, went I
so far as to prohibit all exportation of the raw i
material under the severest penalties. The of-'
fense denominated owting, from its being usually I
carried ou* in the night, was a misdemeanor at i
common law, and as early as the reign of Ed- ■
yard HI. prohibited by statute, and still prohib-
ited; as late as the reign of George II. by statute
then passed—making it punishable with transpor-
tation for seven years. This fact of itself may
not prepossess us with any very favorable idea of
their wisdom, but it shows how early, and with !
what untiring pertinacity, they have devoted
themselves to the achievement of their present
success; and the example of a people who act
to-day upon a policy approved and corrected by
three centuries of experience, ought not at least
to be disivg.n-di'd. It was not indeed until 1803 .
that any Englishman ever thought of laying a duty i
on foreign woo!. When first imposed, the duty |
was a mere trifle, amounting to a little more than h
a halfpenny per pound until 1819. In that year !!
the Government, in order to secure the concur- jj
rence of the landed gentlemen to a projectfor the jj
augmentation of the taxes, raised the duty to one |
and a half pence per pound. Tne fatal effect of
this imposition was predicted by the manufac-
turers, who foresaw the advantage winch it would
give to foreign manufactures; and, in tact, so
disastrous waa its influence, that in the very first
year of its operation, there was a falling-off of
one fourth i(i value of the exports of woolens.
And what is a still more significant fact in this
connection, the price of English wool began to
fall immediately upon the imposition of the higher
duty, and continued to decline during the whole
period of its operation. In 1825, Mr. Husk-
isson, undoubtedly one of the ablest and most
practical of English political economists, in com-
pliance with the urgent representations of the
manufacturers, resorted to the old system But,
inasmuch as this did not produce an immediate
revival in the declining maces of wool, Parliament
was besieged with petitions, ascribing the low
price to foreign importations, and praying a res-
toration of previous duties. A committee was
accordingly appointed, who, after the most thor-
ough investigation, reported adversely to the
petitioners, having become convinced that the
effect of a reimposition of the higher rates of
duty would be, not only to.exclude British man-
ufactures from every foreign market, but also, as
aconsequence of this exclusion, to cause a decrease
in the demand for domestic wool, and a still fur-
ther decline in the prices. So far from resulting
in an increase of duties, this examination led to
their entire abolition. Manufactures revived and
multiplied to an unexampled extent, and the
prices of English wool have steadily increased
ever since.
Now, I say, the circumstances under which
this experiment was tried in England are pre-
cisely parallel with our own. In England, as
with us, the demand for wool for the purposes of
manufacture exceeded the domestic supply. In
England, as with us, the domestic wool could
not be used without an admixture of foreign wool
in the manufacture of many sorts of goods for
whick there was an extensive demand both at
home and abroad. Under a system of high pro-
tective duties the manufacture of wool languished,
and the prices continued to decline. Nearly thirty
years have now elapsed since those duties were
removed, and the result is manifest to the world.
I need hardly refer to the fact, that the great
landed interest, with its inveterate Anglo-Saxon
love of broad cultivated acres, and thriving flocks
and herds, is still a predominating interest in
England; and that however single her eye may
be to her manufacturing and commercial advance-
ment, no English Administration could stand for
a moment which should disregard the substantial
good of that interest. In England, then, there
cannot be a doubt but that both producerand man-
ufacturer are alike benetitea by the abolition of
duties upon raw material. And is there not every
reason to believe, that, in a case so closely anal-
ogous as our own, a similar system would result
ill similar advantages ? Certainly, it does seem
to me that the American wool grower has nothing
to fear from such a system, provided the Amer-
ican manufacturer of wool is, by duties laid upon
imported woolens, put upon a footing of fair
competition with the foreign manufacturer.
There are other features of this system scarcely
less deserving of consideration, arid other objec-
tions more radical than any I have discussed—
objections which the advocates of free trade have
always urged against a discriminative tariff, and
winch have been answered over and over, but
never completely silenced. These I leave to abler
and more experienced debaters. I have wished
to explain my views on a portion of the sys-
tem which has seemed to me of most immediate
practical interest to my constituents, and to give
my reasons for them. In conclusion, I have
only to say, that in accordance with these views
I shall not hesitate to give my support to any
bill which, with a fair probability of success,
completely embodies the principle of a judicious
discrimination in favor of American industry.
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. I would appeal to the gen-
tleman from South Carina [Mr. Keitt] to
allow me a moment to propound an inquiiy to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means. ..
I wish to understand exactly what to depend upon, ;
so far as tliis debate is concerned. I
Mr. EOiGE. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. I offered yesterday an amendment
as a substitute for the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of VYays and Means, i desire to know
if that amendment is m
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Have* occupying
the chair.) The present incumbent of the chair
| was not in the chair yesterday, and is not aware
| of the precise state of the question, but is in-
i formed that an amendment was offered yester-
| day.
| Mr. BOYCE. Is that the amendment which I
' offered ?
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
! that both amend moms were received.
1 Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman making
' inquiry will find by the Globe of to-day, in the
' report of yesterday's proceedings, that these
' amendments were both ordered to be printed.
' Mr. BOYCE. Then I consider that I offered
| mine yesterday. I desire to know whether that
' amendment is now before the committee < If not
I would like to move formally that it be before the
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
from the Journal Clerk of the House, that the
amendment offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means as a substitute for the
bill is before the House, and also the amendment
offered by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Boyce.] The Chair also understands that
there were a couple of amendments—one by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,]
and another by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,]—which were received by unan-
imous consent, and ordered to be printed; but
the Chair does not know whether they were re-
ceived as amendments to the bill, or whether the
amendments referred to are before the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. I examined the Globe this
morning for the remarks made yesterday by my
colleague,- the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, for I could not hear them dis-
tinctly where I sat in the Hall. I find, however, ~
that his remarks arc not reported; * but I find a
synopsis of them in the National Intelligencer.
And I desire to make an inquiry of him, so that
we may understand exactly the position to occupy
in the consideration of this subject. He informs
us in these remarks, that he intends to devote an
hour to the discussion of this subject at the con-
clusion of the debate; and then near the close of
his remarks he says:
" The bill under consideration was reported last summer,
since which time the committee had received from various
quarters much useful information bearing upon Jtt- details.
They had endeavored to perfect the measure, but had not yet
succeeded m completing its provisions. The bill eonM^ted
of but <i single section, which proposed a reduction ol the
revenue by increasing the free list alone, ff it should be-
come a law, it would probably leduce the revenue about
six millions of dollars directly, and, perhaps, from four to
six millions induectly. Before the final vote should be
taken, the majority of the Committee of Ways and Means
designed to avail themselves of such information as niigh%
be elicited during the course of the discussion, with the
view ot accompanying the bdl with a second scction, the
chief purpose of which would be to simplify the collection
of the revenue by reducing the number of schedules, thereby
le^emng the expenses of the custom-hou^e, and still further
reducing the revenue of the country."
Now, what I wish to understand is this: whether
the bill and the substitute now presented by the
chairman as the report of the majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means, is a mere man of
straw, set up here for us to fight, with the under-
standing that when the discussion of the subject
is concluded in this Hall, he intends to introduce
another bill, to which he will devote one hour's
time in debate, and leave the rest of us without
the opportunity to discuss its merits?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As far as I have
been able to ascertain the will of the majority of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I can assure
my colleague that we do not set up any man of
straw with reference to this proposed revision of
the tariff. As I said yesterday, we have proposed
a free list, accommodating ourselves, to some
extent, to the peculiar ideas of the gentleman
from Virginia — yit^ding something to his prin-
ciple of free trade, the purpose being, as I said
yesterday very explicitly, to give incidentally
protection to the various branches of American
industry by taking otf the duty on raw materials
not produced in this country that enter into those
branches of industry.
The gentleman from Virginia knows, as does
every gentleman who has looked at all into this
question, that it is almost impossible to tell how
much the entire reduction of the revenue of the
" Mr. Campbell's remarks were reported, but withheld
by him for revision.
