1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
agents and lobby-members of Congress, appro-
priately characterized as the fourth department
of this Government. It is part of a system which
was conceived in a spirit of covetousness, and not
of beneficence. This generous flame of patriotic
gratitude for revolutionary services was kindled
by claim agents to boil their own pots and cook
their own mess of pottage.
I am opposed to this bill in its inception and
its design, in_ its principles and its policy, in its
entirety and its details, in its spirit and its letter.
I am opposed to it from its title to its last enacting
clause. Its very title, so far from being a key
to unlock the intent and meaning of the act, is a
cheat and a fraud. I say it with no intentional
disrespect to the committee who reported this
bill—least of all to the honorable chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Evans,] or to any of its advo-
cates. I speak of measures, not of the men who
advocate them. I speak of this thing, this mon-
ster, this C^ban, and those whom 1 regard its
real fathertMPnot its foster parents on this floor.
Sir, it has, to my opinion, less to commend it
and more to condemn it than any pension bill that
ever passed Congress, or has heretofore been
proposed.
So far from evincing a spirit of justice and of
equity, it seems to mo to have been conceived
in spite and fashioned in caprice. It promises
most to those who have already received most
from the Government. It pays best those who
did least service. It offers the highest honors
and rewards to the lowest men, judging them
from the description of them given by the advo-
cates of this but; for, if their statements be
correct, these men followed the standard of their
country not to victory but to the Treasury, and
fought less for liberty and independence than
for promised pelf. If their motives be not mis-
represented, as I believe they are, they were not
gene.-ous patriots but selfish mercenaries, who
fought for spoils rather than for the rights of
man; who gave their hands but not their hearts
to the cause of the Colonies, and would have
abandoned the public service and laid aside their
swords but for expectant pensions for life! "I
will not dishonor the memories of those men by
yielding my support to a measure" which can
only bo sustained by thus impugning their mo-
tives and impeaching their patriotism.
This bill initiates a new system of pensions,
and introduces new classes of pensioners. Here-
tofore, pensions have been granted to the soldier
for public service. Heretofore, pensions granted
to invalid soldiers have ceased whenever they
recovered from their disability, because Congress
supposed them then capable of taking care of
themselves. Heretofore, pensions have been given
to those who had rendered public service, or, if
they died in such service, to those who were de-
pendent on them for support—to their widows,
and orphan children of tender years. When the
widow married, the law presumed thatslfe found
a protector in her second husband who should
provide for her, and the pension ceased. When
the minor child, whether boy or girl, attained the
age of sixteen, the pension ceased, because the
law presumed that at that age they could take
care of themselves.
But, sir, this bill proposes to extend the kind
tutelage of Congress over children of a larger
growth, who have passed their majority, and been
cast with all the strength and rights of manhood,
but m a pitiable state of orphanage, upon the cold
charities of the world! ft proposes to take these
poor innocents within the arms of the Government
—to gather them like puny fledglings beneath the
sheltering wings of parental love. It offers to take
these unhappy orphans by the hand, and to help
their toddling footsteps from the cradle to the
grave. It embraces within its bounties every
link in the chain of human society; the adult as
well as the infant; the rich as well as the poor;
the strong as well as the weak; every order and
description of men and women, from the lady of
saintly virtue down to her who humbleth herself
that she may be exalted; and from the hero of
dauntless courage and devoted patriotism down
to the felon in the convict's cell, or him who
should be there—provided they are descendants
of certain revolutionary families.
Again, sir, it creates another new order of
pensioners. Hitherto the gratitiuje of this nation,
it was supposed, was fully discharged upon the
infant children of a deceased officer or soldier,
and this honor was not their heritable right, but
this bill proposes that, in lack of children, grand-
children shall inherit the nation's gratitude—
illustrated in gifts of gold!
Yet another class of pensioners, hitherto un-
known to our laws, is created by this bill, and
that is the surgeons' mates, to whom it gives pre-
ference above all other beneficiaries. They are to
receive the highest rewards in proportion to their
rank; they are not to get merely their own half pay,
according to the pay-roll of the Revolution, but if
_ they happened to serve in the artillery or cavalry,
they are to receive the larger half pay of a captain
in that service, and more than a captain, lieutenant,
or ensign of infantry. If they happened to sur-
vive the 3d of March, 1826, their descendants re-
ceive the forty-three years' half pay of a captain !
When I saw what preference—what preeminence
—was given to this class of men, I set my wits
to work to find out what was their peculiar and
extraordinary merit. Finding myself puzzled,
and unable to answer that question, I went to
the War Department and inquired what were
the duties or the services of this class of officers.
I there learned that it was an office now unknown
to our military department, but somewhere in-
termediate between the present pffices of assist-
ant surgeon and of steward of the hospital; that
the surgeon's mate performed some of the offices
of assistant surgeon, and many of the offices of
the present steward of an hospital. His business
was to dress wounds, to make cataplasms, to
grind drugs, to roll pills, and to mix potions. He
had comfortable quarters provided. On the march
he had his transportation furnished, and did not
go afoot. He never went within gunshot of
the enemy. lie never encountered any peril of
life, or limb, or health. He ran no hazard of a
broken bone or the lesion of his skin; ho endured
no sufferings; he incurred no perils; and yet by
this bill he is preferred to a captain of the infantry,
or any lieutenant or ensign, who may have "set
honor in one eye and death in the other," and
have endured every peril and the extremest suf-
ferings of which humanity is capable. And for
what, sir? Not to discharge a legal debt, for
nobody pretends that anything was promised
to this class of men; not to discharge a moral
obligation, for it is not alleged that we arc under
even a moral obligation to them—no, sir; but for
gratitude! Gratitude for rolling pill® and mixing
potions!
Sir, the Continental Congress failed to discover
the extraordinary merits of surgeons' mates.
They made no provision for them. General
Washington never found out their preeminent
services. He never recommended them to the
bounty of Congress. It may be spoken to the
credit of this Congress that, after a lapse of more
than seventy years from the close of the revolu-
tionary war, they have discovered merits which
were not perceptible to the visions of our ances-
tors. I dare say that " distance lends enchant-
ment to their view."
But, sir, there is another peculiar feature of
this bill, to which I wish to direct the attention of
the Senate. We are told that in respect to the prin-
cipal class of officers of the Revolution, although
we owe them no legal debt, wo are under moral
obligations, because Congress promised them,
by resolution of 21st October, 1780, half pay
for life; afterwards adopted another resolution
in March, 1783, providing commutation of five
years' full pay in lieu of half pay for life; and al-
though, forsooth, the commutation was adopted
by the Continental Congress at the instance and
request of the officers, and received by them in
discharge of their half-pay claim, yet, inasmuch
as they did not get their half pay, and inasmuch
as the commutation certificates greatly depre-
ciated, and they lost part of their nominal value,
we are under a moral obligation to repair those
losses.
Now let us test the sincerity of this declara-
tion on the part of the advocates of the bill.
I find, under the provisions of the bill, that the
man who complied with his part of this pre-
tended contract of October, 1780, and who served
till the close of the war, and accepted his com-
mutation and enjoyed it till 1793, or refused to
accept the commutation, and never enjoyed it,
but died before 1794, is excluded from the bene-
fits of this bill. Wherefore > Why should his
descendants be excluded ? He fulfilled his part
of the contract. If wrong was done to those
who survived 1793, equal wrong was done to hint
who died prior to 1794. Suppose the descend-
ants of such a man, the child or grandchild, if
there be any living, should approach this Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, and should say
to them: ''My ancestor fulfilled his part of this
contract of October, 1780—ay, sirs, he did more:
ne enrolled m the service of his country when
the first gun of the enemy was fired; he served
thiough a seven years' war; he sought the post
of danger on every occasion; he was riddled
with bullets at the siege of Yorktown; he was
discharged with a constitution broken and health
destroyed, by the wounds he had received and
the diseases he had contracted in the service-
they abridged his life; he died a martyr to the'
cause of his country in 1793." What does this
just and generous committee reply? " Sir, your
father did not live long enough; he died too
soon !" On the other hand, the descendants of
the man who was more cautious than courageous,
more selfish than patriotic; who took especial
care not to get a bone broken, or his skin
scratched; who played the sick soldier; who
never led the van, but brought up the rear; who
never received a wound—yea, who was never in
battle—yea, who never served a( twelve month,
or a month, or perhaps a day, but who had his
name enrolled, and who was reduced, immedi-
ately after, as a supernumerary—this prudent
soldier, this discreet patriot, if Jiving, will re-
ceive, or if he died after the 3d of March, 1826*
his children or grandchildren will receive, thirty-
three years' half pay from the Government.
This, sir, is a new feature in the history of
legislation—this chronometrical standard of merit.
You measure the reward, not by the length of
service, or by the degree and quality of service,
but by the length of survivorship beyond 1793.
The man who never impaired his health or haz-
arded it by serving, and who came out of that
war with a constitution invigorated by moderate
exercise and patriarchal living in camp, and who
lived to a green old age, enjoys the munificent
bounty of this Government; but the man who,
with unselfish, self-sacrificingpatriotism, incurred
every peril and confronted every danger, and fell
a martyr to the cause of his country, is contempt-
uously spurned as if unworthy of favor !
Sir, this bill gives nothing to any officer'who
may have fought through the war, but resigned
before the peace. No matter how urgent the
necessity of his resignation; no matter though a
dying wife, and innocent, helpless infant chil-
dren at home demanded his protection; no matter
though disqualified for the public service by dis-
abilities incurred in that service, yet he is pro-
scribed.
Again, sir, to the descendants of that man who
gave not only his hands, but his whole heart, to
the service of the country, who fought for her
cause as for his own, for her honor and inde-
pendence, and not for Treasury pap—of that man
who died in her service either before the bristling
bayonet or the deep-mouthed cannon — to his
widow and children, if any, this bill votes the
poor pittance of half pay for seven years; while
to the surgeon's mate, who rolled pills and mixed
potions, if he survived till the 3d of March, 1826,
it gives forty-three years' half pay of a captain!
This bill proscribes all volunteer officers who
were not in the Continental line, and yet we.
know that the bloodiest, most murderous, asd
self-sacrificing of all service in that war was in
South and North Carolina, where most of the
officers were volunteers — men who fought for
their families and fire-sides and domestic altars,
never thinking of having their names enrolled,
never looking to the pensions of Government,
and never willing to regard it as their patron, but
merely as their creature.
Neither does it give anything to any non- .
commissioned officer or private. Why these
invidious distinctions ? Why discriminate in
favor of certain classes of the officers of the
Revolution—the commissioned officers, and pro-
scribe all the non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates? The soldier incurred the most peril, en-
dured the greatest suffering, made the largest
sacrifice. He bore the brunt of battle in the
Revolution, as he does in all wars. His was
always the post of hard labor and the. post
