m
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
of"-Sanger. It was Us lot to cross the frozen
Delaware barefooted and in tattered rags. It was
his lot to endure privation and hardship whether
on the march or in quarters; whether in the
gijorching-jEran of summer or the chilling frosts
of winter. He was worse paid. Hegot$6 66§
per month if in the infantry, or $8 33| if in the
cavalry or artillery, while the officer received
from $36 to §166 per month, according to his
rank. He got $80 or a f 100 per year for .his ser-
vices-, while the officer received from $320 to
nearly f2,000 per ann"um. He got, as a gratuity
or bounty, $80 at the end of the war, while the
officerreceived full pay forfive years, according to
his rank, varying from $1,600 to nearly $10,000.
"The soldier was paid in Continental rag bills; the
officer in paper certificates. Both of these symbols
of money depreciated. Congress promised to
redeem both. She did redeem the certificates,
but she has never redeemed the paper money, the
Continental bills of credit. The paper certificates
carried all losses to the last holder, from the
Government to the officer, and from him to A,
and from A to Z, who reaped the full amount of
principal and interest. The paper money carried
no losses that were ever paid. The soldier who
held on to his paper money found it a total loss
on his hands; it realized him nothing. Sir, I
may be pardoned, perhaps, for what I regard as
an honorable, or at least an excusable pride, in
saying I well remember, when a child, seeing a
hatful of these Continental bills in the posses-
ion of my paternal grandfather, who served as
a private soldier throughout the war of the Rev-
olution.
The certificates were redeemed. Congress
observed its pledge; it kept its faith with the
officer, though it broke its faith with the soldier.
Yea, Congress not only redeemed those certifi-
cates by paying their full nominal value, princi-
pal ana interest,'but it did more; it enriched the
holders of thqm; for after these certificates were
funded, we find the fund holders urging Con-
gress to convert them into bank stock, with an
assurance that it would enrich the country, and
relieve it of the burden of paying the interest of
the fund. Congress did so, and for a quarter of
a century these men enjoyed large bank divi-
dends arising from this stock. This commuta-
tion money has been justly characterized by a
distinguished actor of revolutionary days, both
as a civilian and a military officer, as the nest-egg
from which sprang the whole brood of eleemosi-
nary families.
But that is not the strongest manifestation of
favoritism towards the officers. Congress has
not only refused and failed to redeem the rag
money, the Continental bills which were paid to
the soldier, while it has redeemed the certificates
which were given to the officer, but it taxed the
soldier to indemnify the officer against loss. It
extoirted from his small means to swell the abund-
ance of the officer. It made him pay tribute to
the officer. The same distinguished person to
whom I have just alluded, in speaking of this
partiality which was shown by Congress to the
officers of the Revolution, and its neglect of the
soldiers of the Revolution, said that "this exclu-
sive partiality transferred about one hundred
millions of capital from the people of the United
States to a capitalist sect artificially created, and
became the sourcc of a stream of taxation which
may perhaps run and increase down to another
♦revolution." Now, we are proposing, as far as
w6 can, to fulfill this prophecy. We are, pro-
posing, by this bill, to tax the descendants of the
soldiers of the Revolution in order to create
bounties for the descendants of the officers of the
Revolution. We are offeringto observe this same
distinction, and to create this same privileged
class.
But, sir, it is said, as an excuse for this unequal
and unjust distribution of the favors of the Gov-
• ernment, that the officer did not realize this
speculation. Suppose he did not; suppose he did
lose the certificate, and that he was obliged to part
with it—was his lot any worse than that of the sol-
dier? Did not the soldier lose the entire sum of
eighty dollars paid in Continental paper money, if
he held on to the bills ? But what assurance have
those who make this assertion, that none of the
officers of the Revolution held on to their certifi-
cates, and saw them funded, and afterwards
petitioned Congress to convcrt them into bank
stock, and continued for a quarter of a century to
enjoy the exclusive privilege of banking, and to
draw large profits in the shape of dividends?
Suppose they did not; suppose they did lose
twenty, or eighty, or ninety per cent, of these
certificates, it was their misfortune, and not the
fault of the Government. The Government did
the best it could for them. It did more than it
promised them. It ultimately not only redeemed
these certificates by discharging the entire prin-
cipal and interest which had accrued, but it
enriched the holder.
We are told, however, that there is a moral
obligation still resting on Congress to pay this
money—this half pay of from one to forty-three
years, according to the duration of their lives. I
confess that my conscience is not tender enough
to appreciate this moral obligation. I confess that
my moral perceptions are not keen enough to dis-
cover it. I have assimilated it, like my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] to an individual case,
and borrowing the illustration from him, I will
suppose I am his debtor in the sum of $5,000,
payable five years after date, with interest, for
which I give him my note or my bond; and
suppose before the expiration of that period my
credit declines, my solvency is doubted, and my
paper sinks eighty per cent, on the dollar, and
he disposes of it to A for twenty cents in the
dollar, and A sells it after awhile to B for fifteen
cents in the dollar, B to C for ten cents in the
dollar, in whose hands I find it, and ultimately
redeem it by paying the entire amount of prin-
cipal and interest. With what grace—with what
honest pretense could my friend come to me and
demand that I should pay him his loss—that I
should pay him eighty per cent, on the original
sum which he had sunk in the transfer ? If there
was a moral obligation resting on me to pay him
this eighty per cent., by parity of reasoning ought
I not to pay the losses of all the intermediate
holders? Should I not pay the five per cent, to
A which he lost, and the five per cent, to B which
he lost? And thus I should be required to pay
ninety per cent, more than was stipulated. That
is the result of the reasoning of gentlemen who
contend for a moral obligation to liquidate this
claim.
No Government on earth has ever held itself
bound to do what the advocates of this bill main-
tain we are bound to do — pay losses upon its
stock. During our last war with England, if I
am correctly informed, the stock of the Govern-
ment depreciated to forty per cent; but it was
never proposed, in any Congress, that the Gov-
ernment should pay their loss of sixty per cent,
to the stockholders. It was never asked by any
of the stockholders. At this day the stock of
some of our Staies has depreciated below par.
But a few years since they had depreciated to
forty cents on the dollar, in one or two cases,
according to my recollection. Such a proposition
as that which is now presented was never enter-
tained by any State Legislature, and was never
proposed. No stockholder ever had the unblush-
ing impudence and audacity to demand indemnity
for his loss on such stock.
Now, I wish to bring the attention of the
Senate to what has not been adverted to before,
and that is, the enormous amount which will be
realized, or may be realized, under this bill by
individuals. I have taken some pains to make
calculations of the amount which may be realized
by the survivors of the 3d of March, 1826, the
' period when this half pay ceases. Let it be borne
m mind that the only limitation in this bill to the
pay of an officer is his half pay. In previous
half pay bills, there has been some limitation be-
low the highest grade of officers; for instance, in
one the half pay was not to exceed the half pay
of a lieutenant colonel; and by theactof 1818 the
half pay was not to exceed the half pay of a cap-
tain of mfantiy. But this has no limitation other
than the half pay of the officer; and hence, fiom
a major general down to an ensign, they will
realize the various amounts of half pay which
would accrue if they survived the year 1793.
I have made a calculation to ascertain the sums
that may be paid under this bill, predicated upon
the resolves of Congress of June 16, 1775, and
May 27, 1778, fixing the pay of Army officers.
I will exhibit a tabular statement, showing the
sums that were paid as commutation, up to
1793; what the officer, or his widow, child, or
grandchild, would be entitled to up to 1808, or
if he survived the period covered by the com-
mutation fifteen years, (the .average period of
survivorship according to the opinion of the
Commissioner of Pensions;) and what theofficer,
or his widow, child, or grandchild, would be en-
titled to if he survived to 1826. The three periods
are 1793, 1808, and 1826.
Commit- Half fay Half pan
tation. to 1808. to 18S6.
$14,940 $32,868
11,-230 24,759
9,000 14,850
7,500 } 2,900
6,750 14,850
4,500 9,609
4,300 9,600
3,600 7,930
2,400 5.280
1,300 3,960
Major General $9,960
Adjutant or Brigadier General. 7,500
Paymaster General  <>,000
Surgeon's mate   
Colonel of infantry  4,500
Major of infantry  3,000
Captain of artillery or cavahy. 3,000
Captain of infantry  2,400
Lieutenant of infantry..  1,600
Ensign of infantry.... 1  1,200
I believe the above table is correct. It shows
that this bill is a premium on longevity—that
the amount of pay depends upon th^enacity *of
life. It shows that we are requiredMy this bil!
not only to pay the losses for deprtfflalimi, but
to superadd from one to three hundred per cent,
on their nominal value. A major general's child,
or grandchild, may realize, if he was blessed
with life till 1826, the comfortable sum of $32,868!
The surgeon's mate—who got no commutation,
and to whom nothing was promised by a Con-
tinental Congress beyond his monthly pay while
in service, because, I infer, he was not thought
worthy of a gratuity, but who is preferred by
the committee to any officer, of any grade, who
died for his country in battle, upon the principle,
I suppose, that a living dog is better than a dead
lion — this surgeon's mate would get, or his
widow, child, or grandchild would get, if he be
dead, provided he held out to 1808, $7,500, and
if to 1826, $12,900. This most estimable and
worthy of all classes, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, who are advanced beyond their original
rank, come next in amount of pay to a paymaster
general among those who died 111 1808 !
Now, if the pay were graduated according to the
peril, hardship, suffering, sacrifice, and service,
instead of by the length of life, it would seem that
the widow, children, or grandchildren of those
who gave their time and labor to their country for
seven years of war, and at the close of it died of
wounds received fro'm the public enemy in bat-
tle, should be preferred above all others. They
left their wives and children as hostages of their
country, when they went to battle for her rights,
and never saw them more. They died and left
the wife a widow, and the child an orphan, at an
early age, to struggle unaided amid the trying
vicissitudes of their lives. The husband, the
father, their protector was taken from them for
his country's sake. They needed your charity;
they deserved it most. They get the smallest
bounty, while you lavish with prodigal hands
upon the favorites of fortune whose husband or
father lived to a patriarchal age after the Revolu-
tion, supporting them in ease and luxury while
he lived, and leaving them wealthy when he died.
Such is the justice, generosity, or charity of your
chronometrical standard of merit.
And, sir, what is to be the aggregate cost of
the disbursements under this bill ? The commit-
tee of the House of Representatives tell us about
$2,700,000. The committee of the Senate make
no estimate; but my honorable friend, the chair-
man of that committee, estimates it at about
|j3,000,000—the maximum at $3,600,000. What
is the information front the Department? I am
anticipated by Senators on this floor, who, with
an air of triumph, tell us the estimates of the
Department fall below the estimates of the com-
mittee; and the hired advocates of this measure,
the lobby members, in their letters throughout
the country, have repeated the same thing—that,
in response to this call for information as to the
amount which will probably be disbursed under
this revolutionary claims bill, the Secretary of the
Interior sends the assurance that it will fall below
the amount which was estimated by the com-
mittee. Sure enough, when I came to look at
the reply to my resolution sent by the Secretary,
and turned to the tabular statement appended to
the report of the Commissioner of Pensions, 1
found that the conclusion of this tabular state-
ment, which we have printed in due form as
coming here under the imprimatur of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, shows that the aggregate
