1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this most strange and unreasonable discrimina-
tion. As I remarked, the committees of the two
Houses 1 regard as but the foster parents of the
bill. It is a miserable, deformed foundling, which
has been thrown by its wicked parents upon
Congress to nurse and protect. The claims
a omp, the lobby members of Congress, knew
what tlioy were about when they conceived and
suggested this measure. They knew that the
number of those who had enjoyed half pay under
any special act of Congress was inconsiderable.
They knew that the number of those who had
enjoyed half pay under the general act of 1818,
and lull pay under the general act of 1828, was
large. Tins ninth section served as the mask of
vii tue. It was the livery of heaven in which they
meant to serve the devil. They knew that it had
the air and appearance of justice; that it seemed
as if the committee had exercised awise and just
discrimination in excluding men who had already
got tlieir half pay; but they also knew that the
number of those birds was too small to be worth
their plucking. They did not care to flush so
small a covey. They went for more and better
fame — the large flocks which sought shelter'
beneath the half-pay general act of 1818, and the
full-pay act of 1828. They expected to reap large
amounts in the shape of commissions or coniin-
gent fees upon those cases. Hence this strange,
unnatural partiality.
This bill provides most, as I have said, for those
who.have been paid most. It provides bounties
for those who have been three times paid for
their services to the Government. If they took
commutation, no one questions that that was in-
tended at that day as a satisfaction, a liquidation,
and wiping out of all claims against tte Govern-
ment by reason of the resolve of Octol ser, 1780.
And here I will remark, that the learned and
elaborate historic recitation of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] had really nothing to
do with this question. He never got down to
• the question. He commenced with the Declara-
tion of Independence, and closed with the treaty
of peace. lie spoke of men and things that have
but little relation to the subject-matter under con-
sideration. He quoted the authority of General
Washington to prove—what? Not that this is a
just bill, for it does not fit the case; it is incompe-
tent testimony; but to prove that General Wash-
ington was the friend, the suggester, perhaps
the author of the resolution of October 21, 1760.
I concede that. But he did not prove that General
Washington ever proposed, after Jhe adoption of
thecommutation resolution of 1783, and itsaccept-
ance by the officers of the revolutionary army, to
return to the contract made by that resolution of
1780; he did not quote a single word from Wash-
ington in favor of such a proposition. On the
contrary, he (inadvertently, I presume) quoted
from Washington's annunciation to the Gov-
ernors of the several States of the proposed dis-
banding of the army, dated 8th of June, 1783,
written after the adoption of the commutation
resolution, and before that commutation proposi-
tion was acted upon by the lines, in favor of the
proposition, and indicating the opinion, which I
doubt not he entertained, that the commutation
pay was in full satisfaction of all claim under the
lialf-pay resolve of 1780.
Before I remark on that, let me advert to one
fact which may escape me hereafter, and which
has not been mentioned. The truth is, this
resolve of 1780 was an incomplete, an imperfect,
an inchoate contract on the part of the Govern-
ment. It was not binding upon the States. It
had not the authority and sanction of law, because,
as every Senator must know, under the Confed-
eration Congress could not vote appropriations of
money for any purpose without the concurrence
of nine States. This resolution passed without
the concurrence of nine States, by the vote of a
mere majority of States. It was adopted before
Maryland joined the Confederation. Therefore,
I repeat, it was without the sanction or authority
of law. It was well known, too, after its adop-
tion, that it never could obtain the support of
nine States, and for that'reason, that Congress
could not collect the amount of money requisite
to liquidate the claims arising under it. Hence,
probably, anothermotive on the partoftheofficers
of the Revolution in memorializing Congress to
change this half pay for life to full pay for a term
of years, or a sum in gross, They wished to get
something certain or probable for that which was
uncertain and improbable. In corroboration, I
will read the testimony of General Lincoln, then
Secretary of War, which is also furnished me by
the elaborate researches of the Senator frow New
York. He says, in a letter to General Washing-
ton, bearing date October 14, 1782:
t( You know, sir, that no moneys can be appropriated but
by the voice of nine States. There was not that number in
favor of half pay when the vote to grant it passed in Con-
gress, which was a vote before the Confederation \v.u>
signed and practiced upon, but is not now. I see littlp prob-
ability that a sum equal to the half pay will be appropriated
to that puipose, and apportioned on the several State.*?."
* * * " In the first place, there is too great a part of the
Union opposed to the half pay to think of can ving it through.
The States in the opposition cannot be coerced. They bay
that they are willing to make a handsome compensation by
compromise, and they will give a sum which will be just
and honorable. From this it will be difficult, if not impos-
sible to persuade them to depart."
This letter was written before the memorial of
the officers, and it sustains all that I have asserted
on this point. Now I come to the testimony of
General Washington as to the commutation,
which I avouch as positive proof that he regard*, d
this commutation pay as a liquidation of all claims
for half pay under the resolve of 1780. I read
from his address to the Governors of (he several
States, advising them of his purpose to disband
the army, dated the 7th of June, 1783, in which
he endeavors to reconcile the soldiers to the
seeming inequality of their compensation, com-
pared with that of the officers. He says:
" Rewards, in proportion to the aid which the public
derives from tliem, are unquestionably du<* to all Us ser-
vants. In some lines the soldiers have, peihap>, generally
had as ample compensation foi their «er\ice-j? by the lame
bounties which have been paid to iheni, as their offieeis
will receive in the proposed commutation. In «uhei«, if,
besides the donations of lands, the payment of aircaiages
of clothing and ot wages, wc take into estimate the bounties
many of the soldiers have received, and the gratuity of one
year's full pay, which is promised to all, polsiblu their sit-
uation, every circumstance being duly con-idered, will not
be deemed le^s eligible than that of the officeis. Should a
fuither reward, however, be judged equitable, I will veiuure
to assert, no one will enjoy greater satisfaction than
myself." ******* * *
But neither the adoption nor rejection of this proposi-
tion will in any manner affect, much lesf militate against,
the act of Congress, by which they have been offered five
years' full pay in lieu of the half pay for hie, which had
before been promised to the officers of the army."—8 Sparks,
p. 448.
This concluding extract from the writings of
Washington, as quoted by the Senator from New
York, is a full response to his entire speech. It
sustains me in the assertion, that General Wash-
ington himself regarded the commutation of five
years' full pay as an entire liquidation and settle-
ment of all claim on the part of the officers of
the Revolution to half pay, under the resolve of
the 21st of October, 1780. Sir, I might stop just
here; for take from the supporters of this bill
the great authority of ^Greneral Washington, and
they have nothing on which to stand; but I will
go alittle further. I say that these men have been
three times paid. They were paid by the commu-
tation, as I show General Washington regarded
it. Then what is the history of these subsequent
appeals to the gratitude of the country — to its
discharge of a high moral obligation, sometimes
characterized a just debt—a debt due to the old
soldier? Why, sir, General Washington, while
he was President of the United States, did not
appreciate the justice of this debt. He did not
sympathize with the officer in the wrong which
was done him, by forcing on his acceptance the
commutation! During his eight years' scrvice
as President of the United States, it cannot be
said that he ever rccommcnded to Congress the
fulfillment of the resolve of 1780, or the adoption
of an act promising half pay to the officers of
the Army. Neither can it be shown that John
Adams, who succeeded him, in any address of his
to Congress, or any communication, ever recom-
mended the adoption of half pay to the officers
who served to the end of the war. Neither can
it be shown that Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, or
Jackson — that any of the revolutionary Presi-
dents, as they have been denominated — in any
speech or message to Congress, m their official
capacity, recommended the redemption of the
national faith — the vindication of the national
honor—by doing justice to those officers who had
served through the Revolution, by complying
with the contract, as it is called, made with them
by the resolve of 1780. This negative testi-
mony in itself is enough to put to flight all the
witnesses that may be adduced of subsequent
men who were not participators in the-events of
that great drama in our history, the Revolution.
During Washington's life, subsequently to the
passage of the resolve of 1783, these officers
never made application for the relief now sought.
It was not until the winter of 1809-10, some
twenty-seven years after the signing of the treaty
of peace, that this claim was preferred. It was
after the more generous emotions of youth had
yielded to the more selfish passions of age; after
patriotism and pride of character had been sub^
dued by that " good old gentlemanly vice," ava-
rice; after they were possessed with
" The love of gold, that meanest rage,
And latest folly of man'* sinking age,
Which, rarely venturing in the van of life,
While nobfci passions wage their heated strife,
Come? skulking last, with selfishness and fear, %
And dies collecting lumber in the rear" 
that a small minority of the surviving officers of
the Revolution conceived the wish, which was
father of the thought, that more money was due
them for their military services. Many of their
fellow officers scorned the idea of claim, on the
score of the resolve of 1780, and refused to join
in preferring it to Congress. I honor them for
their noble self-denial; and I excuse the self-love
of those who, in the imbecility of age, sought the
aid of the Government.
It was, too, after the majority of the men of the
Revolution who gave tone to public sentiment, and
created that public opinion which blasted with its
scorn this half-pay pension system for life, had
gone down to their graves, and another generation
had succeeded them, that these men came forward
and urged their claims to the half pay for life.
What did the Congress of that day say ? Their
report has been quoted; and I will refer to it,and
to subsequent reports, in order to substantiate the
position which I assume, which cannot be con-
futed, that a large number of beneficiaries under
this bill have been thrice paid. At that day the
petitioners based their claim on the very ground
on which it is urged now, which is — first, that
they were compelled by necessity to accept the
commutation; and, secondly, that the commuta-
tion was accepted in certificates which, for want
of any specific provision for payment of principal
or interest, immediately depreciated to five and
ten for one. The committee say they
—"are of opinion, that the contract entered into by Con-
gress with the officeis of the late revolutionary army, for
granting them half pay for life, has not been substantially
complied with by our Government. They therefore recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioners is reason-
able, and ought to be granted. V
Now, we see that the same ground for this
claim being preferred at that day, the committee
came to the conclusion that half pay for life ought
to be given. They do not say from what time it
should be granted, though 1 suppose they mean
from the time covered by commutation. This
claim thensleptuntil 1818,eight years, when these
claimants again came forward. On the 18th of
March, 1818, Congress passed the indigent bill,
giving half pay for life, not exceeding twenty
dollars per month, to the officers of the Revolu-
tion who, by reason of reduced circumstances,
were in need of assistance from their country;
but that sum did not equal half pay of any officer
above a captain of infantry, and only embraced
the poor and needy. Hcnce this claim was still
ureed on Congress in December, 1818. The com-
mittee, then, say they " do not agree with the peti-
tioners in regarding the commutation as forced
upon them, nor in finding any reasonable ground
for repudiating that contract." They, however,
put the propriety of extending relief on another
ground—about the same on which it is put by
my honorable friend from South Carolina. They
say:
a They cannot reconcile to their feelings or their duty an
entne i ejection of the memorial, and they have looked for
a combination of the principle of equity and gratitude on
which might be rewaided, in some little degree, the labors
and sufferings of the memorialists, without involving future
difficulties m the establishment of a dangerous precedent.
This principle has been found in the depieciation ol the
commutation certificates, and the losses sustained by the
untimely sale of these certificates."
They, therefore, recommended the payment
of the nominal amount of the certificates, without
interest, deducting oneeighth partof said amount.
In 1819, the next year, it was again brought up.
A committee then reviewing the same grounds.
