THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Pigeon and Arr sw rivers of Lake Superior; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of William
Roddy, praying to be allowed a gratuity in land
or money for injuries received while employed
as a mechanic in the navy-yard at Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BTGLER presented the petition of the
heirs of John J. Frantz, who died while in the
military service of the United States, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Mary
B. Rentier, widow and administratrix of Daniel
Renncr, praying to be allowed further compensa-
tion for hemp cordage destroyed by the enemy
m the year 1814; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
reports from committees.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 497) supplementary to " An act to
organize an institution for the insane of the Army
and Navy and of the District of Columbia, in
said District," approved March 3,1855, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 580) to extend the time for selling the lands
granted to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching
the deaf and dumb, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a report of the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject, reported a
bill (S. No. 506) further to amend the act, ap-
proved July 7, 1838, entitled "An act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers
oil board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and for other purposes;" which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The ac-
companying papers were ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them without amendment: An act
(I-I. R. No. 372) for the relief of Lyman N.
Coolc; and an act (H. R. No. 473) for the relief
of Richard Phillips.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was *
OrJi-rcl, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
discharged from tile farther consideration of the petition of
David M. Dryden, and the memorial of I-Iartweli Carver.
treasurer's accounts.
On motion of Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, it was
Ordertd, That the letter of the Treasurer of the United
, States, with copies of Jjjs accounts for the third and fourth
quaiters ol the year 18.55, and tiie first and second quarters I
of tire year 185o, be primed. ' :
message from the house.
■^i?leSySa°e fr°m t'1.e House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ckllom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives agree to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 582)
entitled " An act making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending 30th June,
1858. Also, that the Hon so had passed the
bill of the Senate (S. No. 190) relating to foreign
coins and the coinage of cents at the Mint of the
United States, with amendments; in which it
requests the concurrence of the Senate.
committee on enrolled bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 wish to make a suggestion
fit the instance of a member of the Committee on
Enrolled Bills of the other House, who states
that the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
Kcit] is absent, and the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Jc.\*esJ is not in his place to-day, and he is un-
able io obtain the cooperation of any member of
that committee of the Senate m order to have en-
rolled bills take their proper course. I surest
that by unanimous consent some Senator0 be
added temporarily to that committee; and 1 be°-
the Chair to consider that in making this sugges-.,
tion i do not, intimate any desire to be placed on
that committee myself.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore appointed Mr. Biggs.
revenue from imports.
Mr.PUGH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved,, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform the Senate what would be the annual income of
the Government (according to such estimate as he may be
able to make) if one fifth of the duties on each imported
article authorized by the tariff act of July 3D, 1846, should
be remitted; what if one fourth should be remitted; and
what if one third should be remitted.
desertions from'the navt.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution which was sub-
mitted by him yesterday, on the subject of
desertions from the Navy.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I was not
so fortunate as to be present yesterday when this
resolution was introduced, fit has been brought
to my notice for the first time within a few min-
utes. It is possible that the resolution ought to
be passed. I observe that it was laid over yes-
terday at the instauce of the Senator from.Vir-
ginia, and I will ask the Senator from Texas to
let it lie over until to-morrow morning. It is not,
I apprehend, of so pressing a character that
injury will be done to any parties by laying it
over until to-morrow. I may have something to
say on it; perhaps, however, I may not wish to
bo heard.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will call
it up at an early hour to-morrow, I have no ob-
jection to its lying over; but the session is fast
wasting away, and I deem this information of
great importance in relation to the action which
has been taken upon the subject of the Navy.
Perhaps it may have a good tendency, when the
facts called for are laid before the Senate, as a
modification of the Navy appears to be in con-
templation; and then some amendatory legisla-
tion, based upon the information now called for,
may necessarily be suggested, and the Senate
may think proper, with the Houae, to adopt it—
not for the purpose of improving the Navy, for
we are told it works like a charm now, and I
wish to see something charming about it. I am
willing that the resolution shall lie over.
The resolution was laid over until to-morrow.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore of the Senate:
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of Sarah Crandall; and
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to
promote the efficiency of the Navy."
j. w. nye.
On motion of Mr. BROVVN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (No. 23) in favor of J. W.
Nye, which directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay him, or his attorney, $3,200 for im-
provements made upon public grounds, for which
he has received no compensation.
Mr. BROWN. I desire simply to say that
this man expended the money under a lease which
he had from PresidentTyler. He was, however,
turned off, and this bill is to return the money
which he actually expended. I suppose there
can be no possible objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES D. MAXWELL.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
350) for the relief of Dr. Charles D. Maxwell, a
surgeon in the United States Navy, have directed
me to make a favorable report upon the bill. I
ask the permission of the Senate to put it on its
passage now. There are numerous precedents
for it, and I will state the case briefly, if the Sen-
ate will permit me.
Dr. Maxwell, of the Navy, as a surgeon, per-
formed duty in a higher grade than his own—a
very onerous duty indeed. The whole facts of
the case are set forth in the letter of the Secretary
of the iNavy. Precedents in point are to be found
in abundance. He did the duty of a grade higher
than his own, and the bill is to pay him for it.
l he motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded^ in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill. It directs the accounting officers to allow
Dr. Maxwell the difference of pay between that
of the grade of passed assistant surgeon and sur-
geon, from the 22d of December, 1845, to the 23d
of May, 1848, being the period during which he
performed the duties of surgeon and assistant
surgeon on board the United States ship Cyane.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
luther jewett.
Mr. WADE. I ask the consent of the Senate
to take up for consideration the bill (S. No. 439)
to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
Luther Jewett, late collector of the district of
Portland and Falmouth, in the State of Maine.
It has the unanimous concurrence of the Commit!
tee on Claims, No day has as yet been assigned
for the consideration of private bills, and I sup-
pose there will be no objection to it.
The bill was read a second time,and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
credit the account of Luther Jewett with the sum
of $2,500, for that amount lost in transitu from
the collector to be deposited with the assistant
treasurer at Boston.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator from Ohio
be good enough to state the circumstances under
which this money was lost?
Mr. WADE. The report, perhaps, will show
it as briefly as I can explain it.
Mr. STUART and others. Let the report be
read.
Mr. WADE. The Secretary can read the re-
port. It is a very short one.
The Sectary read it, as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of George Jewett, executor of Luther Jewett, de-
ceased, report:
Luther Jewett, as appears from the memorial and papers,
was collector of customs for the district of Poitland and
Falmouth, in the State of Maine, from 1849 to 1853.
In July, 1852, he was directed to deposit all the public
money in his hands with the assistant treasurer at Boston,
and to continue so to deposit monthly thereafter.
In answer to these instructions, he'informed the Depart-
ment that Messrs. Longley & Co. were employed by the
banks of that city to convey specie to Boston at twenty-five
cents per $1,000, and asks if he shall employ them to con-
vey the Government money. The Department answers, .
that the expense of the transportation of the money -will be
an allowable ehargc in his accounts. He accordingly em-
ployed Longley & Co. upon those terms. In the fall of the
same year Longley & Co. failed, having in their hands (as
the memorialist alleges) §2.500 of the public money, which
they had received from the said collector for transportation
to Boston, but which they failed to deposit with the assist-
ant treasurer.
Jewett charged $1,000 of this sum in his account with
the Treasury, but it was disallowed. The reason assigned
for not charging the whole amount was, that he possessed
Longley's receipt for that sum, but that he had lost or mis-
laid the receipt for the residue, if any was given. 13y way
of supplying this deficiency, the claimant files a h'tter of
tue deputy collector, m which he states, that in the latter
pait of November, 1852, the collector informed hira that he
had sent by Benjamin Longley $2,500 to be deported with
the assistant treasurer at Boston. This statement n not
sworn to; and if it had been, it is of too general and indef-
inite a character to be regarded as evidence to prove the
facts alleged m the petition. The receipt for §1,000 is be-
fore the committee.
There is, also, before the committee, the affidavit of
George Jewett, brother and executor of the late collector,
who deposes " that immediately after Longley & Co.'s fail-
ure, which occurred the last of November or early part of
December, 1852, Luther Jewett informed me that he had
handed Longley & Co. $2,500, to be deposited with the
United States sub-treasurer in Boston, and he feared that
he had not deposited the same. And I further testify, that
Luther Jewett exerted himjelfto obtain of Longley & Co.,
/a^r<:5 sai(i sum — that is to say, the sum of
§1,000, for he believed said firm would exert their energies
to pay this sum, and If lie demanded the $2,500 they would
not make any exertion to pay, for it would be out of their
power to pay so large a sum." Deponent knew these facts
from daily conversations with his brother. He furthertes-
tines, that Longley acknowledged, in his presence, the re-
ceiving said $2,500 to pay to-the sub-treasurer, and that he
had converted it to his own use. Deponent has no pecu-
niary mteren m the case.
Although, by the act of 1846, the failure of a receiver to
account for the public money received by him, by the proper
vouchers, is regarded as primd facie evidence of embezzle-
ment, (9 Stat., 63,) it has been the practice of Congress, <
in cases of great hardship, where the public money has
been Ion without any fault or ncgligence on the part of the
receiver, and under circumstances over which he could
have had no control, and where no want of care,and dili-
gence could be alleged, to interpose and assume the loss;
but, from the great danger of abuse to which this special
legislation is liable, it is conceived to be essential to the
public safety that the utmost strictness and exactness of
proof should be required.
In this case, the committee being satisfied that the col-
lector used due care and prudence in the mode adopted for
depositing the public money with the assistant treasurer as
