1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
directed, and that it was lost without any fault or negli-
gence on Ins part, report a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to credit the amount to his account, and rec-
ommend its passage.
Mr. STUART. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio whether the letter written
by the Secretary of the Treasury in reply to this
officer was before the committee?
Mr. WADE. I think it was.
Mr. STUART. Is it among the papers ?
Mr. WADE. I think it is. My recollection
is that we had it, and I presume it is among the
papers.
Mr. STUART. I should like to see it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know all about it, and
can inform the Senator that the paper is here. It
was a letter from the Commissioner of Customs,
not from the Secretary of the Treasury. I re-
member it perfectly. - The letter from the col-
lector's stated in the report, contained an inquiry
whether money could be sent by Longley & Co.,
persons'employed by the banks of the city of
Portland to carry their specie, for twenty-five
cents on the thousand dollars ?s£fThe answer was
simply, that the Department would allow all
proper bills for transportation.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely the reason
why I wanted the letter read; because the report
seems to be based on the fact, that the assent of
the Government was given to this means of trans-
porting the money; whereas, as I understand the
report, I should conclude exactly the reverse.
The officer asked leave to transport by this means,
and said it would cost twenty-five cents on a
thousand dollars. The reply of the Government
is not, that you may transport by this means;
but that all proper bills for transportation will
be allowed. {
Mr. FESSENDEN. What other conclusion
could be drawn ?
Mr. STUART. I think a very different one.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Michigan
has apprehended aright the exact language set
forth in the report as transcribed from the letter.
The <^)llector wrote to the Department for specific
orders as to whether he should employ this par-
ticular agency. They did not say in so many
words that he might, but that he would be
credited the amount of the charge, without say-
ing anything further, which seemed impliedly to
sanction it, and they allowed the charge after-
wards.
$Ir. CASS. Let us hear that letter.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio how comes it that he took a
receipt for $1,000, while he deposited $2,500?
The other question is answered satisfactorily to
my mind, that the object of this depositary in
writing to the Secretary of the Treasury was un-
questionably to ascertain whether the Govern-
ment would recognize that mode of transporting
specie. He did not certainly wish to ascertain
whether he would be allowed sixty-two and a
half cents on the presentation of his accounts.
According to the construction of the Senator
from Michigan, the only object was to ascertain
whether the Treasury would allow him a credit
of sixty-two and a half cents on the transporta-
tion of this money. I think it very apparent that
the object of the collector was to get the sanction
of the Government to that mode of transporting it;
and whether that was given or not will, of course,
appear from the letter of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. STUART. That is what I want to see.
The Secretary read the following letters:
Collector's Office,
District of Portland and Falmouth,
Portland, August ii, 1852.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the
23d ultimo, wind) readied this office while ! was absent on
an inspection of the light-houses in this State.
Longley & Co. are employed by the banks in
this city to convey specie to Boston at the chaige of twenty-
five cents per thousand dollars. I would respectfully in-
quire if I am authorized to employ bind persons at paid
ciiarge, in carrying out the instructions m your letter of the
23d ultimo ?
Willi much respect, your obedient servant,
LUTHER. JEWETT.
Hon. C. W. Rockwell,
'Commissioner of Customs, Washington. j
Treasury Department, |
Office of Commissioner of Customs, j
•August 6,1853. j
Sir : I have received your letter of the 3d instant in reply j
to mine of the 23d ultimo, and would state in reply that, as i
the act of March 3,1849, requires that the collectors shall
deposit their collections, the expenses attending such de-
posit will be a proper charge upon the Treasury, and will
be allowed in the adjustment of your accounts as disburs-
ing agent.
„ I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. ROCKWELL,
Commissioner of Customs.
Luther Jewett, Esq., Collector, Portland, 1Maine.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me very clear,
that the Government officer did not intend to
authorize this man to adopt any particular mode
of transporting the money, but left him precisely
where tne law left him, and referred him to it; but
says, that inasmuch as by this act you are re-
quired to make these deposits, a reasonable com-
pensation will be allowed for it. Now, sir, I
submit, that when he asked whether he might be
authorized to employ this particular concern to
make his transportation, and received such a
reply as that, the only legitimate inference to
be drawn from it was, that he was himself left
responsible to employ just such mode of trans-
portation as he thought proper, but he would
be held accountable as the law held him account-
able.
Besides, who could give him this authority?
What officer under this Government had author-
ity to say, " You may send in any particular
manner?" He may send in any manner he
chooses, but the responsibility is upon him. It
is evident there is. no authority to give it, and it
is equally evident to my mind that it was not
given. The Commissioner of Customs kept him-
self within the line of duty prescribed by law,
and left the collector within his obligations as
they were prescribed by law.
Mr, CASS. It seems to me that the construc-
tion given by my colleague is the correct one. The
officer did not do his duty at all. The collector
put two questions; one was, can my expenses be
borne? and is there any objection to -the employ-
ment? As to the expense, the iaw allowed that,
it may be said that there was no need for going
to the Commissioner for that. What was reason-
able under the law was a question finally for the
Treasury Department, and that is not settled in
the answer of the Commissioner of Customs. It
seems to me, that if he disapproved of the mode
pointed out for conveying the money, he should
have said candidly he did not approve it; that
should have been the official answer. I am in-
clined to believe, therefore, that the officer to
whom the letter was directed acted bona fide, and
he received that as an approval on the part of the
Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SALLY T. MATHEWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
296) for the relief of Sally T. Mathews, with an
amendment made by the House of Representa-
tives, reported it back, and recommended that
the Senate disagree to the House amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
House, which is—
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacteJ, That from and after
the passage of this act, any cleric, me-senger, or other per-
son permitted lo finer the service of the United States
without the authority of law, tho compensation due for
such service when paid by the Government shall be de-
ducted by the accounting officers from the salary or com
pensation due or accruing to such bead of Department or
bureau who may have so employed such person without
such legal authority aforesaid, unless the President shall
certify that such assistance was absolutely necessary to the
public set vice.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This was a private bill
for the relief of this good lady, giving her §200
or $300, and the House of Representatives ap-
pended a section of general legislation, charging
the head of a Department with certain sums of
money in case he should employ extra clerks.
It is out of place upon a private bill—that is the
first objection to it—and then it is a reflectionon
the heads of the Departments of this Government,
which is uncalled for and unnecessary.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was not concurred m.
CHARLES McCORMICK.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As a few moments will
elapse before the order of the day is taken up, I
will appeal to the courtesy of the Senate to take
up a bill reported at the last session for the relief
ofCharles McCormick. It has already been once
passed by the Senate, but failed in the. House of
Representatives for want of time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 399) for the relief of Charles McCormick,
assistant surgeon of the United States Army,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Secre-
tary of War to allow him a commission of two
and a half per cent, on the money disbursed by
him at New Orleans under the first section of the
act of Congress, approved the 2d of March, 1847,
providing for the comfort of discharged soldiers
who may be landed in New Orleans, or other
places within the United States, so disabled by
wounds received in the service as to be unable to
proceed to their homes, and for forwarding des-
titute soldiers to their homes, which allowance
is to be in full compensation for all services which
he rendered, and the expenses which he incurred
in executing the law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES L. DENMAN.
On motion of Mr. F1TZPATRICK, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 365) for the relief of
Charles L. Denman, which directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay him $200, in full consid-
eration of a like sum advanced by him to the
Pacific Mail Company for the passage of two
Amcncan citizens from Acapulco, Mexico, to
San Francisco, California.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EDWARD HARTE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much
to have taken up a little bill that I reported from
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
for the relief of Edward Hartc. It appropriates
but a small sum of money, which the committee
think is due to him; and it may as well be dis-
posed of and sent to the other House now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
443) for the relief of Edward Harte was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, it requires the Commissioner of Patents
to pay'out of the patent fund to Edward Harte
$274 80, for certain papers prepared by him by
direction of the Commissioner of Patents, illus-
trative of the progress of agriculture in the Uni-
ted States during ten years, and also for an arti-
cle entitled " Railroads of the United States in
1850."
Mr. PUGH. Are we paying this gentleman
for writing articles?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a report on the
case, which is a short one, and if it is icad, will
explain the matter.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee, on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom was referred the memorial of Cdwaid Haste, have
had the same under consideration, and report:
That in the year 1852 Mi. Ilaite wa  employed as a clerk
in the census bureau, and while thus employed ho piopated
certain papers consisting of a &tati«.ucai amele illustrating
tiie pi ogress ot u Agriculture in tins countiy during ten
yeaiH,*' and an article entitled •' Raihoad, of the United
States m 185D." These articles involved, in their prepara-
tion, v<yy considerable labor, and your committee think the
amount charged for their preparation not umeasonabie.
The amount demanded for both articles i-< §374 80.
Mr. Harte alleges that the^e paper.* were prepared by
him at the request of Mr. Ewb.mk, for the purposes of Ins
agticultural repott, he being then Commissionerol Patents,
who promised to pay him for them what they were reason-
ably worth. In proof of this he -.hows that they were re-
ceived at the Patent Office, and that they weie copied by
direction of the chief clerk, and the e.spense thereof pud
out ofthc Patent Office fund. He also shows that the mate-
rial thus prepared by him was u*ed by the Commissioner,
though the ai tides themselves were not published m the
repoit.
Under these circumstances, the committee are sati-fied
that Mr. Haite performed the scrvicesat the request of t'te
Commissioner, and as he has not been paid for them, a bill
foi his relief is herewith submitted.
Mr. PUGH. As this is a small sum, I shall
not object to it; but I protest against the principle
of paying gentlemen to write reports for public
officers while paying public officers salaries.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time and passed.
