1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S83
There are various other grounds on which this
contract, claimed to be in place of the original
contract, can be objected to, it seems to me, suc-
cessfully. One is, that while the original con-
tract was made individually with each officer, so
to speak, the substituted contract did not propose
at all to leave it to each individual officer to say
whether he would agree to it or not. It proposed
to submit the question of agreeing to it to the
lines of the several States, and the major vote of
each line was to control and bind those not only
who were parties in the vote, but who were not
in the vote. Was that a fair mode of performing
a contract which *had been made individually?
I submit that it was not; and gentlemen agree
that it was not, so far forth as to say (at least the
honorable Senator from Ohio said) that those
officers who' did not agree to accept the five years'
full pay in lieu of the half pay for life, have, in
his judgment, a claim upon the Governmentnow,
and he would be willing to vote that the descend-
ants or representatives of such officers should
now be paid. I submit that the principle as well
affects those who really voted under those cir-
cumstances to accept it, as those who voted not
to acccpt it.
It is suggested that there is no evidence, which
is satisfactory, that the officers did notuniversally
accept the five years'full pay in lieu of the original
compensation. I know, of my own knowledge,
at least of one officer, and through him of many
others, who did not consent. Although they took
the almost worthless paper of the Government,
they did not consent by vote; and, indeed, op-
posed this change of the original contract by the
resolution of 1783. I allude to the late General
Ebertiezer Huntington, who resided in the town
of Norwich, Connecticut, in which it is my hap-
piness to reside; an officer of distinction in the
revolutionary army, who served during the whole
war, and served with reputation, and was a young
officer when peace was proclaimed—I believe but
twenty-four years old—but who had attained the
rank of lieutenant colonel in the line; and was
attached, during a portion of the war, to the
family of Washington. I know that he did not
accept this commutation; and, through him^ I
know that a large proportion of the younger offi-
cers of the line were opposed to it, and opposed
it with all their force; but they were voted down
by the older officers, and by those whose neces-
sities compelled them to take something, rather
than get nothing
But, waiving this, (which it seems to me, how-
ever, goes to show that the substituted contract
ou^ht not to be considered as taking the place,
and cannot be claimed, equitably, to have taken
the place of the original contract, because it was
not voluntarily entered into by one of the parties
to it,) and taking up the substituted contract I
claijn, and I think the history of the times ever
since, as well as the history of that period, goes
to show, that that contract, even as a substitute,
has not been so performed as to discharge the
Government from its obligations on the first
contract. As the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire has well observed, it unquestionably
was the understanding of the officers in 1783,
those of them who did agree to take five years'
full pay in lieu of the half pay for life, that they
should receive money, not worthless paper; that
they should receive what would pay their debts,
and procure them subsistence — a dollar that
should be worth a dollar. How Was the fact in
regard to payments made to the officers on the
certificates gives to them at the closc of the war,
as their commutation? It was worth possibly
two shillings and sixpence in the pound, not
more—one eighth, and not more than one eighth,
of what it purported to be worth. The officers
took that, and the majority unquestionably dis-
posed of it for less than one eighth of its nominal
amount.
No provision was made by the Government for
payment until the year 1790. Then an act was
passed by Congress funding this debt, and then
the certificates were provided for; but how were
they provided for ? By scaling them down at
least thirty-three per cent. The holders of them
at that time received from the Government what
amounted to about sixty-seven cents on the dol-
lar—not more. That is all the payment which
the Government made of these certificates given
to the officers in 1783 as their commutation cer- I
tificateS, and that is all the performance of this
substituted contract which it can be claimed the
Government ever made.
In that state of things, if there were no objec-
tion at all to the ground on which the parties
stood when they entered into this second con-
tract, the manner in which it has been performed
ought to set it aside, and ought to restore the
parties to their original rights under the first con-
tract; for how does the account stand between
the Government and an officer on the payment
really made by the Government to the officer,
under the second resolution ? I have shown that,
under the first resolution, the officer would lose
$2,056, even if he got all that by the terms of the
second resolution he was entitled to; but when
we come to examine the amount which he actu-
ally did get, the account is absolutely startling.
An officer with a certificate for $2,400—I take
that as the basis, as before, for that is the aver-
age—was compelled to sell it, if he did sell it, at
the best for two shillings and sixpence on the
pound, which would enable him to realize for his
$2,400, $300. Twenty years' interest on that
sum amounts to $360; so that the officer at the
end of the twenty years got $660; whereas, under
the original resolution passed by Congress, he
would have been entitled at that time, or would
have received up to that time, in fact, $7,336—
the difference being $6,676, and that sum multi-
plied by the number of the officers who received
that amount on the average, makes $14,687,200.
It is true the Government did not actually make
that sum, although in this case the officers lost it,
going on the ground which I think the facts jus-
tify, that they were compelled to sell, and did
actually sell, their certificates on the average not
above that sum. It is true the Government did
not make this amount. It made, however, the
amount which I previously adverted to, of $2,056
for each officer, and that sum multiplied by
2,200, shows the amount, $4,523,200, which the
Government actually made by changing the half
pay for life to five years' full pay.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator tell me by
what authority he says these certificates were
scaled ?
Mr. FOSTER. The act of 1790.
Mr. TOOMBS. T^ey were not sealed at all;
but there was a less rate of interest. There was
not a scale of a dime, but interest was com-
pounded at three per cent. It is not true that
they were ever scaled at any time.
Mr. FOSTER. When I used the term "scaled"
I did not mean it perhaps in the modern sense.
Debts of certain States and communities have
been scaled in our times, although that perhaps
was -a process not very well known in revolu-
tionary times. I refer, however, to the act of
Congress, approved August 4,1790. If the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia will look at the
fourth and fifth sections of that act, he will see
how this debt was provided for. I presume he
is familiar with it, and I do not propose to teach
him anything either of law or fact in this case or
in any other case. ThoSe sections of that act, I
think, will satisfy any candid mind that in fact
these certificates issued to revolutionary officers
in 1783 were scaled about thirty-three per cent.
It certainly appears that the amount of the certif-
icates was not paid, but a less amount. The rate
of scaling, according to the best calculation I can
make, is thirty-three cents on the dollar. I be-
lieve sixty-seven cents on the dollar is fully as
much as the Government finally paid on these
certificates.
The result, then, Mr. President, to which I
come in considering these two resolutions, is that
the original resolution (unperformed, as is agreed,
except by the performance of the second) cannot
be considered as performed even by the second,
because the second was" not entered into under
such circumstances as to make it binding; and if
it were, it has not been so performed by the
Governmentas to abrogate the original resolution,
and that, therefore, stands yet in full force.
The bill before the Senate charges in principle,
the officer with the amount of his commutation
—to illustrate its operation, say $2,400, taking
that as the average due to the officer. It credits
him the amount of his half pay for life, provided
his death occurred previous to the 3d of March,
1826, for at that time another law took etfect.
The committee therefore thought that this bill
ought not to provide for th^half of the'dffi-
cer who lived beyond that period; because he
was then otherwise provided^ for by law*. The
pension act of 1828 took" effect from the'3d of*
March, 1820. That act, and the act of 1833?
gave to the revolutionary officers and soldiers*
both of the militia ai>d line, fall pay for life, lim-
iting the amount of pay to that of a captain of the
line, giving no officer an amount above that.
The principle of the bill is to charge the officer
with the amount of his commutation, and then
allow him his half pay during life, or up to the •?
3d of March, 1826. The question is, can that
principle be vindicated on the facw before the
Senate at the piesent time ? 1 submit, with great
confidence, that that principle can bfe vindicated—
that it is a just principle. It is only too rigorous
as against the officer, and too liberal to the Gov-
ernment. It ought not, in rfiy judgment, tacharge
the officer with anything more than the actual
cash value of the commutation at the time when
the Government advanced it'to the officer at the
close of the war, reckoning it at one eighth,
which was its market value, perhaps, at that
time. Charging the officer with that one eighth,
and then allowing him his half pay for life, or
up to 1826, if he lived so long, would, in my
judgment, be a fair and honest mode of disposing
of this matter. But the bill in its principle
charges the officer with the nominal amount of
the commutation, although the officer did not re-
ceive it.
To show that this is a principle which can be
vindicated, I appeal to the case of Dr. Baird,
which has been passed by this very Congress,
having been reported upon by the Court of
Claims—the case of Thomas H. Baird against
the United States, which was sent to the Court
of Claims, originally reported upon by the court.
A bill submitted by that court for his relief at
the last session was passed by both Houses of
Congress. The principle of that bill certainly
vindicates the principle of the measure now be-
fore the Senate, and vindicates it most effectually;
for the case of Dr. Baird is by no means so strong
as the cases provided for under tins bill arc, in •
my judgment. Dr. Baird was a regimental sur-
geon of a regiment of artificers—not officers and
soldiers proper in the army. An important point
made in the case was, whether a regiment of
artificers was really within the provisions of the
resolutions of 1780 and 1783; and the Court of
Claims are of opinion, as appears by their report,
the judgment being given by the honorable chief
justice of that court, and a-very able opinion,
that that class of men who served in the army
were within the meaning of those resolutions of
Congress, and Dr. Baird therefore was entitled
as an officer of the army. He was one of the
officers reduced in 1781. His representatives
subsequently received his commutation, and re-
ceived it in full, for they received it under an act
of Congress at a subsequent time, and received
good money—not money at twoslullings sixpence
in the pound, or twelve and a half cents in the
dollar, but dollar for dollar. Still, the Court of
Claims first, and Congress afterwards, have al-
lowed to the representatives of Dr. Bnird, and
justly, in my opinion, his half pay for life. The
amount was no trifling one either. The amount
which was due, the Court of Claims find to have
been $10,074 84, and they allowed, and Congress
also allowed, interest on that sum from the 27th
of October, 1805, to the 1st of June, 1856, deduct-
ing therefrom the sum of $2,400 paid under the
act of June 23, 1836, making an amount paid to
the representatives of Dr. Baird of more than
thirty thousand dollars. Any gentleman who
will read the opinion of the Court of Claims in
the case of Dr. Baird, which opinion has certainly
had the sanction of the Senate, as well as of the
other House, for the bill reported by the court is
a law of the land, will find an ample vindication
of the principle of this bill, if it needs to be vin-
dicated, by a precedent, and by the authority of
Congress, for it is full certainly to that extent.
I think, Mr. President, that other precedents
on this subject are of some authority, and ought
to be so esteemed by us, though they are not
binding upon us. I allude to the action of former
committees of Congress-, at various times, from
the year 1810, when the first report was made on
this subject, down to the present time.
It will appear, on examination, that Congress,
