THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
in the year 1810, had a report from a committee
of the House of Representatives, in which the
whole ground was gone over fully, and the rights
Of these officers and the obligations of the Gov-
ernment to them, were examined elaborately, and
the result arrived at was, that the Government
was still indebted to the officers or their repre-
sentatives.
This was nearer to the revolutionary period
than we are; and the opinion of men tlien living,
On this subject, is entitled to more weight than
the opinion of men of t.he present day, for they
were familiar with our revolutionary history,
and conversant with the circumstances attending
the passage of the resolutions of 1780 and 1783.
The next Report was made in 1818 by a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, who
made another full examination of. the subject,
cametAa similar result, and reported a resolution
favorable to the claim.
In 1819, the subject was again examined by a
committee of the House of Representatives, at
the head of which was Mr. Sergeant, of Pennsyl-
vania. It was a special committee, and it made a
very full report, and reported a bill. Again, a
report was made in the Senate on the 3d of Jan-
uary, 1836, favorable to the claim. In the House
of Representatives, in the same year—on .the 28th
of February—a favorable report was made. An-
other favorable report was made in April, 1852,
by Mr. Walker, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, after having
made a full examination of the subject, recog-
nizing the validity of these claims on the Gov-
ernment. And, in 1854, the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] then and now
at the head of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, made a favorable report, and reported a
bill substantially like the one before the Senate,
and that bill was passed by this body.
I repeat, sir, that these precedents appear to
' me to be entitled to some consideration. There
is not, it will be noticed, a single report, from first
to last, unfavorable to these claims. All that it
can be urged that Congress has done adversely
- to these claims, is that it has not paid them. No
vote has ever been taken denying their validity;
on the contrary, when Congress has been brought
to a vote on the subject, that vote has, I believe,
been in response to the voice of the country—of
humanity, of justice, of right—favorable to these
claims.
Sir, the bill has been attacked violently in its
details. I think they can be defended. The first
section provides that the officers of the army who
were entitled to half pay under certain resolutions
of Congress shall be entitled to receive the same,
although such officer may have received, in lieu
thereof, the commutation of full pay for five years
under the resolution of Congress of the 22d of
March, 1783. The second section provides that
shall be the duty of the proper accounting
officer, when applied to for that purpose by some
one who by this act is entitled to receive, or his
or her guardian, to ascertain what is due to such
officer from the time he became entitled to half
pay until his death, if that occurred before the
3d of March, 182G; but if he died after that time,
then up to the 3d of March, 1826.
The third section provides that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, when the
amount due to any officer has been ascertained,
to pay the same, after deducting the amount
received for commutation under the resolution
of the 22d of March, 1783. The fourth section
extends the benefits of the resolution of the 24th
of August, 1780, to the widows and orphan
children of all officers who died in the service at
any period during the war of the Revolution.
The fifth section extends the benefits of the bill
to surgeons' mates, or rather declares that sur-
geons' mates shall be entitled to the benefits of
the resolution of the 17th January, 1781, and
receive the half pay of a lieutenant of infantry.
This section lias received the severe censure of
the honorable Senator from Alabama; and he has
indulged in very severe strictures, it seems to
me, upon the character of the men who are pro-
vided for in this section, as though they were
not meritorious, as though they were really unde-
serving of consideration, and as though this sec-
tion were enough to make the whole bill so
obnoxious that it ought to receive no favor at the
liands of the Senate. Why, sir, these men, it
seems to me, were meritorious men; and whether
they were or not is not now the question. The
committee believe that the benefits of the resolu-
tions of the Continental Congress, and therefore
of this bill, even without this section added to it,
would comprise this class of officers. There
have been many doubts entertained as to how far
former resolutions of Congress extended—whether
they comprised surgeons' mates or not. The
committee thought it best, by a declaratory sec-
tion, to determine to extend this to them, for,
under various applications to Congress, it has
been so held. Inasmuch as the decisions were
sometimes one way and sometimes the other, the
committee thought it best to fix the matter, and
decide what seemed to them simply just, that
they were or should be entitled to the benefits of
the resolutions.
The sixth section respects only the rules of
evidence to be applied to the case, and the seventh
cuts off all interest on payments made under the
authority of the bill. The eighth section is, that
the Secretary of the Treasury, before he shall
order any claim to be* paid, shall require proof
as regards the ownership of the claim, and that
it has not been transferred. The ninth section
declares, that this act shall not extend to the case
of any officer or his representatives, who have
received either half pay for life or-commutation
in lieu thereof under anyopecial act of Congress.
The ninth section lias been very severely
criticised by the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama, and the impression which his argument is
calculated to make would be this—at least it so
struck-my mind—that this bill would really give
half pay for life to the children or grandchildren
of those who were entitled under the original
resolutions of Congress, even after and during
the same years that the officer himself, when liv-
ing, drew full pay. That, I agree, would be an
injustice. I presume that the honorable Senator
did not intend to make that claim. He did not
make it in terms by_ any means; but that is the
impression which his argument left on my mind.
F certainly would go with him in agreeing, that if
this bill made provision by virtue of which a
deceased officer's child or grandchild shotild
receive half pay for the same time that his or her
ancestor received full pay^it would be an unjust
.provision; but there is no such thing in the bill.
No officer, prior to 1826, received full pay except
under a special act of Congress; and if so, he is
cut off by this bill. No officer received full pay
under any general law, till the act of 1828, which
took effect from March 3,1826. Those who came
under the act of 1828 received full pay, not ex-
ceeding the pay of a captain in the line, from the
3d of March, 1826; and the provisions of this
bill cease where the provisions of that hill com-
menced. The act of 1832 made the- same pro-
vision for officers of the militia that the act of
1828 made tor the officers of the line. To my
mind, therefore,this bill does no injustice in this
respect.
Mr. TOOMBS. From 1826, the officers who
were living got full pay. If he lived ten years,
you give his children ten years' more half pay
than he had years of life. What is the reason
for that?
Mr. FOSTER. The officers of the line and
militia got full pay from 1826. It is right to give
the half pay up to that time to those entitled to it
under the resolution of 1780. The half pay stops
when the full pay commences. It would be put-
ting them on worse ground than the militiaofficers,
if we recall half of their pay after 1826, or make
them accountable for it. It really puts them on
worse ground than the other officers in the ser-
vice.
Mr. TOOMBS. This places them on better
ground than those who died.
Mr. FOSTER. Thase who lived longest of
course received the most pay. I agree that at first
blush it would seem that the half pay after 182 >,
t as the honorable gentleman from Georgia sug-
I gests, ought to be deducted; but, as I have said,
; inasmuch as the other officers of the army not
! provided for in the resolve of 1780—all the officers
of the militia who served to the end of the war,
got full pay; now to deduct the half pay from
those officers under these circumstances, would
really be making an invidious distinction against
them; whereas, the object of this bill, whether
carried out faithfully or not—whether it be a good
object or not, (and the Senator from Georgia and
myself differ as to that,) is to do the officers enti-
tled to the benefits of those resolutions, full jus-
tice as near as we can, and not do what it seems
to me would be an injustice.
The remaining sections—the tenth, that all
persons who apply and receive the benefit of ihe
act, shall receive it in full satisfaction of all claims
under the resolutions before recited, foralt losses,
is not objected to, that I am aware of; nor the
eleventh or twelfth sections.
I am free to admit that this bill does not do all ■
I should be very glad to have done. The hon-
orable Senator from Georgia Has suggested that .
the soldiers who served during the war were en-
titled to pay also, as well as the officers. I agree
with him in that opinion, but I do not suppose
we shall make the bill more acceptable to him if
it be amended in ihat particuler. A very strong
objection to the bill at the present time is the
amount which it is said it will draw from the
public Treasury. If, therefore, we added to its
provisions what would increase the amount
drawn, the result would be the inevitable defeat
of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. It would be much more ac-
ceptable to me if all got it, though I think the
principle wrong.
Mr. FOSTER. It would be more acceptable
to me if all got it; but if, in attempting to give to
all, we should prevent any from getting it, I sub-
mit that it is doing more justice to pay what can
be paid rather than refuse to pay any because all
cannot be paid.
The bill makes no provision for the militia.
They were as meritorious, undoubtedly, in many
cases, as the officers and men of the line. It
leaves unprovided for very many whom I would
like to see provided for; but, inasmuch as this /
amount is claimed to be more than ought to be
granted, we should but embarrass the bill, and
effectually destroy all hope of doing anything, if
we made any attempt in that direction. I am
content, or if not content, I am willing, to do all
the good which this bill does, regretting only that
it does not do more; and regretting, also, that the
attempt, if made, to have it do more, would des-
troy the good which it will, in my judgment, if
passed, otherwise do.
The objections that are made in regard to the
character of those who are the recipients of the
bill seem to me not entitled to great weight. It
gives the amount which may be due to the
widows of the deceased officer, and to the chil-
dren and the grand'children. These arc the per-
sons who in my judgment ought to receive it.
No doubt there are some who will be benefited
by this bill who have large wealth; but when it
is insisted that the poverty of those who will re-
ceive under the bill something of what is due to
them is no* reason why it should be passed,
surely the wealth of some of those who wifl re-
ceive is certainly no reason for not passing it.
That there has been any combined effort in dif-
ferent sections of the country, under the pressure
of which this bill is to be got through Congress,
is a matter which I had not learned. The hon-
orable Senator from Alabama took pride, as lie
declared, in saying that he had not been pressed
or asked by the citizens of his State to vote for
the bill. I can say very nearly the same thing,
so far as any attempted influence over me is
concerned. 1 have received scarcely a request
upon the subject. The pressure that is sp^lcen
of I have not felt. Scarcely a letter has been re-
ceived by me on the subject. I will read a veiy
few words from one, for it presents what seems
to me a proper view to take of the subject. It is
not from one who can justly be characterized, as
some of those have been characterized who it is
said desire to have the bill passed, unworthy
sons of unworthy sires. This is from a man
who served through the whole of the last war
with Great Britain, beginning service as a ser-
geant and ending as a captain, serving through
; the whole war with gallantry and with high repu-
tation. He is not.therefore one who wishes to be
a moth upon the Treasury to consume without
producing. He writes that—
" Immediately after the war I was solicited to apply 10
Congress for land, pension, &c. F refused to have anything
to do with it, on the ground that we were not ontiiisa to
any such compensation. The-men of 1S1-2 entered trie
service voluntarily, generally soliciting employment
a business of their own seeking, and the pay was all ttiey
