838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in regard to them. One case I will mention—that
Of afaSy who is a widow wi^Ji two children five
• dr six yew* °!d> or perhaps not so much. Her
husband was the grandchild of a revolutionary
officer, and would be entitled,"as a grandchild, if
he were living, to his share of this bounty which
you are about to distribute. He died about a
year ago, leaving two infanta of the age 1 have
mentioned. They are cut out under oul.
They are cut out now and forever, because the
whole fund is to be distributed. This remark will
- apply to other cases of the same kind. Is there
justice or propriety in this? What reason can
be given for it? The only one given was, that to
admit great-grandchildren might lead to fraud. I
answered that, and 1 think I answered it con-
clusively. As to frauds, the danger will be in the
attempt to palm off cases on fraudulent testimony
of remote events, and there will be no danger at
all in reference to any fraud as to great-grand-
children, because their birth is comparatively a
recent event, and within the memory of living
witnesses, capable of distinctive proof.
The bill as it stands is intended to be a bounty
.Conferred on the descendants of the officers who
-fiSok part in the revolutionary struggle. Looking
''fti their merits and all the advantages that we have
derived from the services then rendered and the
dangers then encountered, I would go as far as
any one in the way of bestowing bounty; but I
am not willing to violate justice and the natural
feelings of mankind in giving that bounty. If the
Bill is to pass by any vote of mine, it must pass
with an amendment which lets in all the descend-
ants by right of representation according to the
legislation of every State in the Union, and in
accordance wj^Lthe natural feelings of mankind.
I ask for the jBts and nays on this amendment.
Mr. EVANS. As the bill has been amended
in one particular, I hope this amendment will pre-
vail. I know a single case now of great injustice
which the bill, if passed as it came from the
House, would work. General Morgan left two
daughters. From one of them there are grand-
children living, and from the other none; and
there is no reason why one part of the family
should take to the exclusion of the other.
* Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw my call for the
; yeas and nays.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to understand what
I am voting for. Will the Secretary oblige me
by reading the section as it will stand when
amended?
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That all claims which shall he allowed unrler the first
and fifth sections of this act shall in: paid to the officer, if
alive, and if lie he dead, to hi- widow and children equally; i
and if there be no widow livirm, then to Ins.- issue—the i=pue
of any deceased child or grandchild, to take among them,
by representation, the same share the parent would have
taken if ahve—and to no other peinms.
Mr. CLAY. I wish «o say a word in explana-
tion of my vote. I shall vote for the amendment,
because, if we are going to depart from the estab-
lished and fixed rule of pension bounties as hith-
erto bestowed by Congress, if we are going beyond
the children, I do not think we ought to stop at
• the grandchildren. I do not see any limitation
upon it whatever. But, at the same time that I
give this vote, I know that it will increase largely |
the amount which'will be paid under the bill. I
As 1 am unfriendly to the bill, and do not intend j
to vote for it, I stall move to amend it in other
particulars. *
_Mr. FOSTER. I submit that the addition of
this amendment will not increase the amount
which the bill will take from the Treasury. It
will only be dividing the same sum among a
greater number of individuals, not increasing'the
sum. I think the measure is eminently just. It
is as the bill was first reported from the com-
mittee of the Senate. The committee of the
Senate reported a bill which made provision for
all the lineal descendants of the officers. This,
in effect, does the same thing.
Mr. CLAY. I presume there are cases exist-
ing in which all the children and grandchildren
of some revolutionary officer have died, and yet
there are great-grandchildren. That is the reason j
why I said this .amendment would probably in-'
crease the amount expended under the bill.
• Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator from Dela-
ware had paid the same attention to the eleventh
January 15,
section which I have paid to it, he would have
seen that this amendment does not reach t';tf
whole case. That section provides thai 'J the
widow be living the amount shall be paid to the
widow and children equally. Lsow it maybe
that some of the o&'-.o of the revolutionary
aryny married h'; m life, and left widows who
are stil1 ;ivrmg. As this bill stands, the amount
to be paid is, in such a case, to go to the widow
and children equally, leaving out the grand-
children altogether; and that will be the case if
this amendment be adopted. Therefore the
amendment does hot reach the first and main
difficulty involved in the eleventh section. If any
of the children be dead, the grandchildren should
stand in their place by representation, and take
per stirpes, as the lawyers say. The amendment
does not reach that case. 1 desire that an amend-
ment may be made to cover that very point. The
section as it reads now, if there be a widow,
gives the money to the widow and children
equally. If the widow be dead, it gives it to the
children and grandchildren. The amendment
does not reach the ease of a widow now living
and some of the children dead.
Mr. BAYARD. I admit that it does not reach
that case; but as I understood there was hardly
a widow living, I did not think it worth while to
alter the whole structure of the section on that
ground. ^
Mr. COLLAMER. The case to which I have
alluded equally calls for correction as that for
which the Senator's amendment provides.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to such
a provision as the Senator from Vermont desires.
I offered this amendment according to my judg-
ment, and I did not think it probable that there
was a single case of a widow and children of a
revolutionary officer being now both alive. If
the gentleman thinks proper, he can move an
amendment to provide for any case of that kind.
I see no more necessity for that than for striking
out in another section the provision for orphans,
though by no human possibility can there be a
class of orphans such as it describes, unless—
what I never heard before—an orphan be any-
body but a minor who has lost one or both
parents.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 38, nays 8; as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard. Bell of New Hampshire,
Beil of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigier, Brodhead, Butler,
Ca^s, Clay, Comegys, Dodge, Douglas, Dmkee, Evans,
Fi>h, Fitzputriek, Foster, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, fverson,
Jones ol I own, Mallory, Mason. Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Reid,
Sebastian. Seward, tituart, Toombs, Toucey, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Wugiit—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Collamer, Crittenden,
Fessenden, Foot, Rusk, and Slldell—,S.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to'offeran amend-
ment, to come in after the first section of the bill:
All claims to be allowed, and paid under this act, shall be
paid with interest f#>m the date of the commutation cer-
tificates issued.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 3j; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer,
Comegys, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, and
Seward—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bigier, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Clay, Cntten-
den, Dodge, Evans, Fuzpatnck, Geyer, Houston, Hunter,
Iver-on, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Ma&on, Pearce, Pratt,
Pugh, Beid, Busk, Sebastian, "Shdcll, Stuart, Toombs,
Toucey, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, and Wright—3,").
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to offer an amendment
to the ninth section, which reads now in these
words:
That this act shall not .extend to the case of any officer,
or his representatives, who have received half pay for life
under any special act of Congress."
I move to insert after the words " half pay,"
the words "or full pay;".and after the word
"special," the words "or general;" so that the
section will read:
This act shall not extend to the case of any officer, or
his representatives, who have received half pay or full pay
for life under any special or geneial act of Congress.
Mr. EVANS. I suppose the Senator from
Alabama proposes to exclude those who have
received anything under any special or general
act. The resolution of March, 1783, was a gen-
eral acts and by the^amendment, if the officers
received pay, that is, if they received commuta-
tion, they can reccive nothing under this act. I
suppose that to be the design of the amendment.
That is the effect of it.
Mr. CLAY. I do not comprehend exactly the
honorable Senator's meaning.
Mr. EVANS. The amendment proposes that
no officer shall have the benefit of this act who has
received half pay or full pay under any special
or general act of Congress. Now, the resolution
of 1783, giving the commutation, was a general
act.
Mr. CLAY. I will relieve the honorable Sen-
ator at once. He will see, though, that the
words " for life" are here; and hence it docs not
apply to the commutation resolution of March,
1783. The section will have no reference to it,
because that was not pay for life, but for five
years.
Mr. EVANS. Then it will exclude those who
came in under the act of 1828; for they received
their full pay for their lives from March 3, 1826.
Mr. CLAY. It will exclude them. That is
my object—to cut them off, because, as I under-
took to show yesterday, some of them have re-
ceived, under that act, already more than their
half pay for life would have amounted to.
Mr. BELL, of New' Hampshire. I wish to
say one word in explanation of what, I suppose,
will be the effectof the amendment moved by the
honorable Senator from Alabama. The act of
1828 granted a pension to the surviving officers
of the Revolution, the number being probably
rather small—about two hundred and thirty at
that time 
Mr. CLAY. Four hundred and thirteen.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I find that
in a report made to the Senate in 1828 by Gov-
ernor Woodbury, then a member of this bocy,
the number is stated at two hundred and thirty.
Perhaps he may h*ve been in error on that point.
Whatever the number was, however, the surviv-
ing officers at that period were entitled under that
act to a full-pay pension for life, dating back to
1826. The effect of this amendment is", that the
descendants of these officers—men advanced in
life, nearly all of them we must suppose, it having
been al^put forty-five years since the commution
act passed, although they niay have received but
one year's full pay, are to be deprived of all the
benefits of this bill. It seems to me much more
equitable that they should receive the same half
pay as others, deducting any amount of full pay
thatthey may have received underthe act of 1828.
Mr. CLAY. In reply to the honorable Sen-
ator, I will state that I have ascertained that at
least one officer who took the full pay under the
act of 1828, survived according to my recollection,
until the year 184G. As I stated yesterday, under
the general laws of Congress, the widows, if any,
of those revolutionary officers who drew the full
pay under the act of 1828, could have drawn the
same pay from the date of the death of their hus-
bands up to this time if they be living. If there
be any such case, any gentleman can satisfy him-
self, by a simple arithmetical calculation, that the
officer and his widow have realized a larger sum
than the half pay for life would have amounted
to, beginning at the close of the Revolution. I
move this amendment, because I say they have
already gotten as much as, or more than, was
promised them by the resolve of 1780.
I will remark, while I am up, as another argu-
ment to prove how far short the estinjates which
have been made of the actual disbursements under
this act will probably be, the Senator tells us
that, in the report of the committee that recom-
mended the bill of 182S, the number of officers
who would realize that bounty was estimated at
two hundred and thirty; and yet 1 tell the Senate,
from an inspection of the rolls, that four hundred
and thirteen drew their full pay under that act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 do not think my friend
from Alabama will reach his object exactly by
this amendment. I think it ought more prop-
erly to come under the third section of the bill as
printed.
The principle of the bill has now been changed.
The Senate has adopted, as the principle of com-
pensation, the making good to the oftcer all the
sacrifices incurred by him by the depreciation of
the Continental certificate given to him for MS
five years' full pay. We propose to return the
sacrifice thus incurred. But, as the Senator from
