1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
Alabama very justly observes, many of these
officers have since received half pay or full pay.
The third section is the one that requires remod-
eling. That third section, as printed, reads;
" That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Tieas-
urv, when the amount due to any officer has boon ascer-
tained a> aforesa.J, to pay the fame a-, hereinafter directed,
alter d^duetinjrth'.-ro.'iom the amount received foi commu-
tation under the resolution of the 23d of March, 17£3.*'
Now I propose to strike out the words, " the
amount received for commutation under the reso-
lution of the 22d of March, ITcS," and insert the
words, <{ a5! such sums as s4ph officer may have
received, ''ither for half pay or full pay for life,
under the act of the 15th of May, 182*3, or any
other act of Congress, general or special."
Mr. CLAY. Perhaps the Senator is correct
in his supposition. Iwillaccept his amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I suggest to the Senator to lea^e
the words " amount received for commutation"
in the bill. We want them in.
Mr. BENJAMIN. These words "for com-
mutation" ought not to remain now, because we
have changed the first section of the bill. Thrtt is
the very thin* we are granting. We are granting
the amount of the sacrifice suffered on the com-
mutation certificates, and we say that from that
amount must be deducted such sums as the officer
lias received either for full pay or for half pay.
Mr. PUGH. Or in redemption of the commu-
tation. However, it is not material, as I shall
offer an amendment to cover it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as an additional section, to come m imme-
diately before the present third section of the bill:
And he it further enacted, Tiiat all the soldier of the
Revolution who were entitled to eighty dollars under the
resolution o( 1778, shall be refunded whatever looses may
have been sustained hy them on account of the depreciation
of the euirency m which they weie paid an compared with
Spanish milled dollar.-*, to be paid to the said soldieis, or
llieir legal representatives, upon application to the Secie-
taiy of the Treasury of the United States.
By the resolution of Congress of 1778, all sol-
diers who would continue in the army of the
United States to the end of .the war, fully ended
and completed, were entitled to eighty dollars.
At the reduction or the end of the war, thay were
paid this sum in Continental currency at forty for
one, under a previous resolution of Congress di-
recting that it should be paid at that rate. At the
time when they were paid, it is apparent, even
from the records of the Treasury and the scale
of deprecation on file, that this currency, which
was paid them at forty for one, had gone as low
as four hundred for one; so that the eighty dollars
they got in currency.at the rate of forty to one
was not worth a breakfast. When we are in-
demnifying the officers, I think these men who
served two or three years longer, and received
but the small pittance of eighty dollars in depre-
ciated paper, should be allowed to realize what
was promised to them. I have taken the lan-
guage of the resolution of Congress, which was,
that they should be paid in Spanish milled dollars,
or their equivalent.
We are compensating officers because it is said
from their necessities they were compelled to
sell their commutation certificates at a discount,
although Congress complied with its contract
with them, as I would have shown if the debate
had not taken this sudden turn. It was my in-
tention to show that there was no sealing—no re-
pudiation of this debt to the officers. They are,
however, to be compensated on the principle of
the bill aS it now stands, because some of them,
jj^s said, in consequence of their necessities, had
to sell then* certificates. Now, sir, look at the
position of the soldier. He served his seven ;
years until the war was fully ended and com- j
pleted. He got his eighty dollars in currency. :
It hud depreciated- to four hundred for one. i
Trusting to the final justice of the countiy, he |
kept it; and many of the descendants of the sol-
diers have their currency to-day. Instead of
paying this debt, Congress repudiated it alto-
gether. That was the upshot of the matter.
Those who have this'currency in their posses-
sion to-day, received nothing. Congress issued
it at forty to one, when it was worth only four
hundred to one, and closed the transaction by re-
fusing to pay a dime. .That is the history of
that transaction.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to ask the Sena-
tor whether there wilt not be a difficulty in the
way? I think that under the rules of the Senate
we are excluded from voting if we arc interested
in the result. If this amendment be adopted will
it not exclude a majority of the Senate from
voting? Most of us are descendants of revolu-
tionary soldiers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am; and if this amendment
be adopted, I do not think T shall be entitled to
vote on the passage of the bill It is a law of all
judicial assemblies, a law of all deliberative as-
semblies, that no man hasa right to vote upon or
decide in regard to that in which he is interested,
no matter what he intends to do with his interest.
I observe that rule. I differ from my friends
from Kentucky and New York. No matter what
they may do with their money, I hold that it is
an eternal principle beyond and above all consti-
tutions—a fundamental law of nature and of na-
ture's God, and is observed everywhere, that a
man shall not vote for an act by which he is to be
benefited. If this bill shall be so amended as to
give me an interest, it shall certainly never become
a law by my vote.
But, sir, I was endeavoring to show the great
justice of this amendment. You may say it is
small, but it is all you promised, and because it
is small it is the easier paid. You agreed to give
the soldiers eighty dollars. You gave them Con-
tinental currency. You did not fund it. My
friend from Connectict^fMr. Foster] says, that
the commutation certificates of the officers were
scaled. I will give the Senate the history of this
matter. I have the law before me. lie is utterly
mistaken as to there having been any such scal-
ing, either in the present modern sense of that
term or its ancient sense. When Congress funded"
the domestic debt or the United States, it com-
pelled no man to abate one jot or titile. lie might
have had loan office certificates. He mightluive
kept his commutation certificates payable at six
per cent, per annum, and redeemable in ten years.
When the assumption act was passed, the new
Government had come into operation. Then we
had money, and wc were in this condition: the
new Government assumed the debt of the old
Confederacy; so that these commutation certifi-
cates were a debt expressly assumed by the Con-
stitution of the United States; and the new Gov-
ernment was in a different position from the
Confederation; for it was able to reach the pock-
ets of every citizen of the United States, it was
true, as my friend says, that the interest before
that had not been punctually paid; and what debt
had been? Not a domestic debt of the United
States had been paid. We had to borrow money
to pay the interest on our foreign debt, on which
our existence as a nation depended—held by the
Dutch and other people who had loaned their
money to us. If my friend will look into the
history of the countiy, he will find that one rea-
son why the domestic debt was not honored was,
that Connecticut would riot pay her quota. The I
requisition was made, and she would not pay it.
She said she was too poor, and that may have |
been agood reason. Mr. Madison, in the debates '
m the Federal Convention, brought that fact to j
the notice of a delegate in the convention from !
Connecticut, and he plead guilty, and justified |
on the ground of poverty. It is not worth while !
now to reproach the Government for not doing -
what those very States would not do. They j
would not pay. i
The debt which I now bring to your notice was |
not of the class of debts which Congress had the j
right to put info the assumption act of Alexander '
Hamilton m 3790—the most unequal, most un- !
just, and the basest act upon the records of your !
country. No one owning these debts of the !
country, although they were payable in Spanish i
milled dollars, could fund them, bat a particular !
class—those having loan office certificates. If'
you go to providing foi the officers who are in- ,
eluded in this bill, I insist that there is another !
large class of thr  soldiers of the Revolution to j
be considered. The G-overnment agreed that the j
officers and all the domestic creditors, except :
the holders of the currency, might fund their debts ;
at sixty-six and two thirds cents on the dollar, !
and get a certificate for the residue which should
bear interest at three per cent., beginning in the
year 1800. Before that time, they had author-
ized the States to settle with the soldier, and
account to him for the former depreciation. He
had his own hard earnings^ and they authhiized
him to put them into the assumption act;l&3pfis,
to the funding of the debt precisely on th^lame
basis as this. The amount owing to -the man #
who had furnished his own means for arms, pow-
der, and lead, or any provisions to the army of
the United States, was funded by the State or
General Government, and the act of 1780 author*
ized him to come in in the same way. I vindicate
the honor of my ancestors and of yours from
this charge of repudiation, by snowing that it was
obligatory on no man to fund. If he found that
it was better to take sixty-six percent, in six per
cent, stock, and thirty-three and one third per ™
cent, m another certificate to bear three per cent,
interest, he might do it; but they did not require
him to do so, or affix any penalty for not doing
it; but here was a security in ease and favor of
this class of debts. Congress never did take off
one dime, or scale one cent of them.
Therefore, I say it is injustice to the country
to allege, on this floor, that our ancestors, directly
or indirectly, effectually, or in any other way,
scaled a dime to this debt. They put it on pre-
cisely the same foundation as the poor soldier's
pay, and every other debt, that you might fund'
if you wanted to do so. If you preferred yourj
security on these terms, you might take it; ij|
you did not, you held the certificates, which, at
their maturity, were worth twenty-three shillings
in the pound. Before 1794, they were worth a
premium of three shillings in the pound, instead
of being worth only two shillings and six pence.
It is vGry certain that in 1784, when these com-
mutation certificates were issued, this Govern-
ment had no means to pay except State requisi-
tions, and the States would not comply with the
requisitions. Every character ofAublie security,
at home and abroad, depreciated, especially the
domestic debt of every sort, no matter how sacred.
The soldier who did not get commutation, the
soldier who got no half pay for life, and no com-
mutation, but only his daily pittance in the ser-
vice of his country, received, if he chose, loan-
office certificates, and he was authorized to fund
them on the same terms.
If you are going to do justice, why should
these particular officers of the Revolution have
all our sympathies excited for them ? Why not
extend them t$ every soldier? Why not to the
children of those men who bled and died on the
battle-field, for whose orphanage you gave what
you had promised their ancestors, in this depre-
ciated euirency which sold for two shillings and
sixpence in the pound. There is nothing for any
one but for this favored class. On this question
there was a great controversy between the Fed-
eralists and Republicans in our early history.
Soifte of those officers wanted to disband, and
desired half pay to keep them from doing so.
They would not disband; they stayed at New-
burg. They did not have a monarch, not be-
cause such was not their desire, but on account
of the republican tendency of the people. The
soldier of the Revolution preserved to us that
very liberty which some of its officers at New-
burg, and who surrounded the legislators of
the people at Philadelphia, wanted to wrench
from them after having wrenched it from the
British. Sir, we are not far enough from the
days of the Revolution to have any Roman stories
told us about our ancestors. No myths can be
put upon us now. We cannot start a story, as
the Romans did, who weie ashamed of their
ancestors, that their founder was nursed by she-
wolves. We are too near the revolutionary
period for that—all the witnesses are not dead.
This is a history that I do not earn (o open; but
if it is necessary for the vindication of justice,
and to protect the honor of my country, I' am
rendyforit; and let the responsibility lie upon
those who come here and ask me to give this
favored class of officers privileges over the patri-
otic soldier, who not only fought for and won
liberty from the Btitish, but even wrested it from
the hands of some of his own officers. Sir, I
demand justice for the soldiers of the Revolution,
who not only won public liberty, but preserved
it against enemies abroad and at home.
Mr. EVANS. It seems to me that tlieSenator
will not obtain his object in the particular way in
which he has thoughtproper to word the amend-
ment. It is not true, as I understand the history
of the times, that the sum of eighty dollars which
