340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januarj 15,
■wasiflue to the soldiers who served to the end of
the -fer, was paid in Continental money. The
mohJy of which the Senator speaks, and which
he has seen in possession, I suppose, of his father,
from what has been said in this debate, was what
he received from the State of Virginia to m ake
good*to him the depreciation of the pay which he
had received. The only evidence I have on that
subject is what I hold in my hands—the resolu-
tion adopted by Congress on the 4th of July,
1783:
| " Resolved, That the Paymaster General be, and he is
lierehv,authorised andempowered to settle and finally ad-
just all accounts whatsoever between the United States
and the oificets and soldiers of the American army, so as
to include all and every demand which they or either of
tliera may have by virtue of the several resolutions and acts
of Congress relating thereto."
As I understand the matter—and I have looked
into it; I have sought for information where-
ever it was to be obtained—when the army was
finally disbanded, there' was a large debt due
to them. There was not only the commutation,
but §5,000,000 besides were due to them. There
was due a considerable sum to the soldiers who
'had enlisted to serve to the end of the war; and
'if the Senator will look into the proceedings
of Congress on that subject, he will find that in
"April, 1783, there was an estimate of the public
debt. The debt due the army was put down at
upwards of $5,000,000; the commutation to offi-
cers under the resolution of March, 1783, was put
down at §5,000,000; the amount due the soldiers
under the resolution of 1778 was put down at
$500,000; and in this way the estimate of the
public debt was made up.
If the Senator desires to accomplish his object,
he should put ^e amendment in a different form;
for according^) the history of the times, as I
understand, the eighty dollars were not paid in
Continental money, but in what were called final-
sett)ement certificates.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from South Car-
olina does not understand my amendment. He
is mistaken in part, and right in part. 1 know
some obtained the eighty dollars in both ways—
some got loan-office certificates, and others did
not. My amendment is to make good the depre-
ciation of the currency in which they were paid.
Mr. EVANS. I know tlmt; but the final-set-
tlement certificates were not currency. While I
am up, I will say on that subject, that it has oc-
curred to me throughout that there was a propri-
ety in paying this debt. When the act of 1828
was passed, the soldiers to whom the eighty dol-
• Jars had been promised were put on the footing
of the officers who had served to the end of the
war, and the survivors came in and received their
full pay for life as well as the officer^.
I may add that I suppose the Congress of
1783 knew how many there were of them. All
who know anything of the history of those
times are aware that the number who had en-
listed and served to the end of the war was very
small. In some sections of the country there
was not one. In other sections they had been
enlisted to serve during the war, and those who
did not die in the mean time did serve to the end of
the war. How many of them were there ? The
estimate of the pay was §500,000. The amount
was eighty dollars to each man. Dividing500,000
by eighty we have a little upwards of 6,000.
The number who will have to be paid under
this amendment will be only a few more than six
thousand. If you pay them all, and if they re-
ceived, as my understanding is they did receive,
final-settlement certificates upon which they real-
ized one eighth, you will have to pay seven
eighths of §500,000. I remember to have seen
in the newspapers the other day that the Govern-
ment had contracted to buy a lot in the city of
New York for $450,000 to build a post office, and
t.'ie sum which it will be required to pay these
soldiers will not be more than has been given for
that lot. I have no objection therefore to insert
it, if the gentleman will put it in such a form as
will accomplish the object.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to correct the Senator
from South Carolina in what seems to me to be
a great discrepancy in this matter, and which
grows out of his not having, with his usual care",
looked through it. At the end of the war, it is
true, few of the men were remaining; for as the
soldiers^ received so small a bounty, they were
not anxious to serve after the provisional treaty
of peace was signed in 1782, and the various re-
ductions that took place in the winter of 1781-®2,
after the battle of Yorktown, and Congress agreed
to let them off, and they went home to make pro-
vision for their families. When they were dis-
charged, the Government paid them in Conti-
namtal money and nothing else. The Senator
cannot find that the'y were ever paid it in any
other currency whatever, except that some got
final settlement certificates at the winding up.
When they settled with the officers under the
commutation act, it is true that but few of the
soldiers were then in service. The amount of
their reward being so small, a great many went
off as soon as Congress allowed them, after the
actual close of hostilities. Every one who was
paid, got nothing but Continental money, and the
Senator cannot show on the statute-book of the
United States a provision giving anything else,
until the final settlement, which was when the
war was over. Then they gave the final settlement
certificates. Thirty thousand of them were paid
in Continental money. I have looked into the
whole history of the transaction, and know this
to b6 so.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not my intention to
detain the Senate with any debate on the subject,
further than to put myself right on the record in
regard to the vote I shall give on this proposition.
This is a distinct propcafcion to make provision
for the children and other descendants of the sol-
diers of the revolutionary war. In voting for it,
we should ostensibly stand upon record as doing
what would appear to be an act of justice and an
act of generosity; and, possibly, a vote against it
is liable to be construed into a refusal to perform
an act so meritorious as that. I am going to vote
against this amendment on a different ground.
This bill, sent here from the House of Repre-
sentatives, brought before the Government a
single and distinct case, which, according to my
judgment, appealed to the justice of the country.
1 was of opinion with the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Ckittendem,] who ad-
dressed the Senate early in the debate, that any
amendment whatever to the bill would jeopard
its passage in the House of Representatives, and
therefore I agreed with him, at that stage of the
case, m resisting all amendments. I shall for
that reason now, irrespective of the merits of the
distinct proposition contained in this amendment,
vote against it, for the purpose of retaining the
bill, as near as possible, in the shape in which it
came from the House, because I think that is
necessary to secure the passage of any bill to-
wards this object. I am quite satisfied that if the
j friends of this measure shall adopt the amend-
| ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, it will not bring to the support of the
bill one single vote in the Senate or House of
Representatives. I presume, as it is not unfair to
infer from the remarks of the honorable Senator
who proposes the amendment, and of those who
concurred with him in this debate, that even if
we adopt their amendment, we shall not have
theirvotem favor of the bill itself. [Mr. Toombs.
You are right.] And inasmuch as I consider the
passage of the bill extremely critical without any
amendment, and rendered much more critical by
every amendment which is added to it, I shall
content myself*with voting on the principle I have
named; and if that shall be thought wrong, I
have the sanction of high authority upon this
precise case. The provision that was made in
1/83 by the resolutions for commutation, was
discussed at that time with great heat and great
temper, and it was objected then, as it is objected
now, that provision for the officer ought not to be
made, because the same resolutions made no suf-
ficient satisfactory provision for the soldier—the
very same class whom the honorable Senator
from Georgia brings before the attention of the
Senate. General Washington alluded to that !!
objection to the provision made for the officers, in I;
these words: ij
" Rewards in proportion to the aid in which the public
derives from them, are unquestionably due to all its ,-er-
vant-:. [n some lines the soldiers have, perhaps, generally !I
had as ample compensation for their service?, by the large '
bounties which have been paid to thorn, as their officers 1
will receive in the proposed commutation, fn others, if
besides the donations ot lands, the payment of arrearages
ot clothing and of wages, we take into estimate the boun-
ties many of the soldiers have received, and the gratuity of
one year s full pay, which is promised to all, possibly their
situation, eveiy circunmaBce being duly considered, will
not be deemed less eligible than that of the officer*. Should
a further reward, however, be judged equitable, f will ven-
ture to assert, no one will enjoy greater satisfaction than
myself." «**   * ,"'
_ " ftut neither the adoption nor rejection of this proposi-
tion (for the officers) will in any manner affect, much iesg
militate against, ihe act of Congress, by which they have
been offered five years' full pay."
I take precisely the same ground now. If the
honorable Senator, or any others, think further
provision should be made for the soldiers of the
army of the Revolution, and should bring it
before Congress, i|phall receive as liberal a con-
sideration from me as from any other person
connected with the Government; but their doing
so, or their failure to do so, cannot affect at all
the justice of this particular measure; and as in
human transactions we must necessarily, as a
general rule, do one thing at a time, and the more
we accumulate the less likely we are to do any-
thing, I shall be content on this occasion to vote
for this bill, leaving the other subject for further
consideration under other and more propitious
eiraumstances.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from New York did
not read far enough. He stopped at the words
" full pay." The sentence in full is thus:
" But neither the adoption nor rejection of this proposi-
tion will in any manner affect, much less militate against,
the actof Congress by which they have obtained five'years1
full pay in lieu of the half pay for life which had before
been promised the officers of the army."
I quoted it yesterday from his own speech, in
order to establish the position I then assumed,
that General Washington regarded the five years'
commutation of full pay as satisfaction of the
half pay for life.
Furthermore, I wish to say, in reply to the
Senator fiom South Carolina, that my recollec-
tion concurs entirely with that of the Senator from
Georgia. I knowthat John Taylor, of Caroline,
who was himself an officer of the Revolution,
says that the eighty dollars was paid in paper
money; and he makes it the subject of very severe
strictures on the course of Congress, in discrim-
inating in favor of the officers and against the sol-
diers, by redeeming in full their certificates, and
never redeeming the eighty dollars paid in paper
money, although the faith of Congress was
pledgeffby solemn resolve to do so.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from New York
has attempted very adroitly to bring the name of
General Washington in favor of this bill. The
Senator from Alabama has conclusively shown
the contrary. The Senator from New York can-
not show one word from General Washington,
or a human being in the revolutionary army be-
fore 1809, against the commutation. He was in
favor of the provision for half pay, to keep the
officers there; but General Washington favored
the commutation, which is now charged to have
been a fraud, and forced on them. Senators get
up here and want to bring the great name "of
Washington as against the commutation, when
Washington was in favor of it,and they know it.
It is attempted to go to the country, on the plea
that the Congress of 1783—our fathers—put a
hard, unconscionable, and unjust bargain on these
officers, against the Father of his Countrv, and
against right. They did no such thing. Wash-
ington approved it.
But the Senator says that Washington showed
that the soldiers then were on as good a footing
as the officers. I want to keep them so, and ior
that purpose this amendment is necessary. Ad-
mit that when they paid the officers certificates
for five years' pay, the eighty dollars compen-
sation of the soldier made them equal. I wil!
not disturb the basis on which General Wft®
ington put it; but I say, when you pay the ofiie^rs
the depreciation of their pay, you cannot carry
out Washington's views unless you give the sol-
diers the same thing. If they were equal in
1783, when Washington wrote that address to
the army, keep them equal. The pay of tha
officer did not depreciate more than that of the
soldier, and therefore you are widening the differ-
ence between them by making up the deficiency
in 1783 to the officer, and not to the soldier. The
effect of the amendment is to put them on an
equality. With my amendment I keep them
pari passu together; I give neither an advantage.
I make no discrimination in favor of the .soldier,
but simply provide that he shall have as much
benefit of the depreciation of his pittance as the
officer had of his; and therefore I will not at all
