J.t rT/,
1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reply to the imputation of having departed from
the wisdom or counsels of Washington.
Mr. SEWARD. There is not any misunder-
standing between the honorable Senator from
Georgia and myself, though I think it likely
there is some between the honorable Senator
from Alabama and myself, in regard to the effect
of the argument I addressed to the Senate here-
tofore and now oil the main point ill debate.
Of course, when a bill is supported by different
Senators, it is supported by fflem under different
aspects of the case. I have never attempted to
induce the Senate or the country to believe that
General Washington was opposed to the com-
mutation. On the other hand, I think I know that
General Washington and his friends in the army
favored the commutation as a settlement of the
claim of half pay for life. Nor have I attempted,
in the speech I have heretofore made, to induce
the Senate or the country to believe that the
country put a hard bargain on those who took
that commutation. On the other hand, I think I
said, and I certainly meant to be understood, that
I thought the country did as well in that bargain
as it could under all the circumstances in which
it was placed, considering the constitution of
Congress, the Constitution of the country, the
absence of any central Federal Government that
had control over the treasuries of the States; and
that I did not think the Government or the coun-
try was to be censured for not redeeming the
commutation certificates within the eight or nine
years which elapsed before 1793, when they were
funded, or for not sustaining them in the market
at their par value. I conceded all that.
The ground on-which I proceeded was simply
this: that the commutation which Washington
and others had approved, had probably failed
because the commutation certificates were suf-
fered necessarily to depreciate, until the officers
were embarrassed and ruined, so that the debt of
justice which the country meant to pay them
failed to reach them, and was afterwards paid to
their assignees. I admitted that I thought it was
right that the Government should redeem these
certificates by paying the assignees; but still I
contended that the debt of justice, the iftbt of
blood, the debt of independence, remained un-
paid to these officers who had been ruined by the
sacrifice of their certificates. That is the argu-
ment which I endeavored to present. I bring it
back to the aspect in which I originally pre-
sented it.
In regard to this precise question, the honor-
able Senator from Georgia will do me the justice
to allow me to state that I brought forward the
authority of General Washington now, not for
the purpose of showing that he was opposed to
this commutation, but for the purpose of justify-
ing the vote which I now give against his distinct
proposition in favor of the soldiers of the army
as connected with this bill—that when the same
question was discussed in relation to the commu-
tation before,and the commutation to the officers,
or the half pay to the officers, was resisted on the
ground that it left unpaid the debt due to the sol-
diers, General Washington argued—(and it was
necessary for me to present the whole of his argu-
ment, or else be thought wishing to suppress
something which he had said)—let that stand by
itself. He made the best case he could out of the
provision made for the soldiers, and said, however
that may be, it cannot affect the justice of paying
this debt to the officers; and if anybody hereafter
shall think it equitable to make a larger and better
cOTpensation to the soldier, 1 shall be found in
favor of it then; but it cannot affect the present
question about the officers. That is simply the
ob|cct I had in view, for the purpose of explain-
ing the votes which might otherwise b' under-
stood as invidiously discriminating in favor of the
officers to the prejudice of soldiers.
. Mr. TOOMBS'called for the y«as and nays on
liis amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. I have voted against
all amendments heretofore, and have declared a
purpose so to do. I have done so in the hope
that the majority of the Senate would take the
same view 1 have done of this subject, and en-
deavor to prevent all amendment to the bill, sup-
posing thitf'if we were to open it to amendment,
there would be a great variety of amendments.
On such subjects as this it is impossible—if that
be our purpose—to measure out now the exact
rewards and compensations properly due to all
who were employed in the revolutionary war,
and all to whom we are under" obligation. At
least that would be exceedingly difficult; and if
it be our purpose so to fashion the bill, I enter-
tain no sort of hope that the Senate, during this
session, will ever accomplish it. It was for
this reason that I was willing to accept the pro-
visions made by this bill, and to protect it, as far
as I could, against all alteration and amendment,
and thereby to insure its passage. My object
thus far has been defeated. Be it so. I give up
that purpose. A majority of the Senate have
decided against it. It is in vain now to vote
against amendments for the very proper purpose
of protecting the bill against amendment. The
Senate have shown a determination to amend this
bill. Willing as I was to do justice to all who
were employed in the revolutionary war as a
general proposition—to the soldier as well as the
officer, 1 was ready to take this bill because it
made provision for a meritorious class; but now,
having given up the hope of passing this bill in
the form in which it came to us, I must vote on
this proposition according to my opinion of its
merits, and I must say that my views, as at present
advised, are entirely in favor of the amendment.
I shall therefore vote to pay the soldier whatever
balance is due him; for with either officer or sol-
dier I will not stand and stickle on a mere matter
of account as to what is his due. Pay him what
we will, and we have received tenfold by his labors
and services and dangers—yea, we have received
one hundredfold for every penny we give. It was
on that principle I was willing to vote for the bill.
I was not willing to enter into minute accounts
either with the officers or soldiers of that great
army to whom the country owes its existence. I
was willing to pay liberally and generously to one
and to all. I desire to make no discrimination
whatever in rendering justice—generous, liberal
justice, to all who were concerned in that great
struggle. It is on that principle that I have voted.
This bill may not have been exactly right in
all respects. It will not be so when we have
amended it. Perhaps the day is past when we
shall be able, by any exact rule, to apportion
rewards and compensations exactly as they ought
to be, to all who were engaged in that great
struggle. I shall vote, however, Mr. President—
not intending to embarrass the bill — for the
amendment now offered, considering that the
expectations and purposes with which I voted
heretofore against all amendments have been
defeated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am satisfied that we shall
not be able to get a vote on the bill to-night; and
as the houris late, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 15, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplin, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
absence of membeks.
Mr. SNEtD, from the Committee of Mileage,
by unanimous consent, reported a bill to increase
the penary for the voluntary absence of members
of Congress from their public duties; which was
rearf a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SNEED. Mr. Speaker, my colleague on
the Committee on Mileage [Mr. Ivelsev] has a
minority report which he intends to submit, and
as he is not now in his seat, I move that leave be
granted for the submission of that minority re-
port, and that it be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and the motion was
agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHAPMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced bill's of the following titles; which were
severally read the fust and second times, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories:
A bill for a further appx-opriation, and for the
completion of the territorial road now being con-
structed from opposite Council Bluffs, Iowa, to
new Port Kearny; arid
A bill for the construction of a wagon roaf jfrom
the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains', in
Nebraska Territory* via Great Salt Lake valley,,
to Honey Lake valley, in the eastern portion of
the State of California, and for the establishment,
of military posts thereupon.
Mr. OTERO. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill of which previous
notice has been given.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If gentlemen want jagg
to get in their bills, let the House devote some, SB
time to that purpose, and then they will be pre- 1
sented regularly.
Mr. OTERO. I ask that the bill may be read.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill making a grant of land to the Territories
of New Mexico and Kansas, and the State of
Missouri, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said Territories
and State.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to its.
reception, unless the House will devote a specified
time to the reception of bills. I call for the reg- 
ular order of business. ~ . -i
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from Ten--'
nessee withdraw his call for the regular ordejr ofc
business, and allow me to report a general bill
from the Committee on Patents which I wish to
have referred to the Committee of the Whole oil
the state of the Union?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House will"
call the committees for reports, and allow all bills
•to be reported, I shall have no objection.
COINAGE BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the fi4R business in
order to be the consideration of an act (S. No.
190) relating to foreign coins, and the coinage of
cents at the Mint of the United States; and that '
the pending question was the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Whitney] to,
add to the motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means the words,
" With instructions to strike out the eighth
section."
Mr. PHELPS. I was not present yesterday
when the gentleman from New York [Mr. Whit-
ney] proposed his amendment to my motion to",
recommit. As I stated the other uay when. I
submitted the motion to recommit, it was made
merely with a view of keeping the bill before the
House, and with no desire or intention on my
part of calling upon the House to recommit the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means. The
bill, together with the amendmenls recommended,
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
amendment which I subsequently offered myself
in lieu of one of those recommended by the com-
mittee, have all been printed, and are before the
House; and it was my intention, whenever the
bill was reached, to withdraw the motion to re-
commit, and to demand the previous question;
which would bring the. House to a vote, first',
upon the amendment submitted by myself, and
next, upon the matter reported by the Obmmittee
of Ways and Means.
In this connection I desire to make one state-
ment. When this bill was reported, in speaking
of one of the provisions of the bill, and of the
laws which make foreign coin a legal tender, I
am reported as saying that, in the opinion of the
Director of the Mint, no foreign coins are now a
legal tender in payment of debts in this country.
I am, perhaps, wrong in attributing that opinion
to the Director of the Mint, and therefore I desire
to correct what I then said in that respect. But
I am now prepared to say that foreign coins are
not a legal tender. I draw a distinction between
declaring coins to be receivable in payment of
debts and demands, and the language made use
of in the laws declaring coins a legal tender.
Perhaps the Spanish pillar dollar, of a particular
weight and fineness, may now be a legal tender*
There were other coins which were prescribed as
receivable by " tale"—using the exact language
of the act itself—in payments of debts and de-
mands, provided they were of a particular weight
and fineness. Eut the particular coins specified,
as appears by the report of the Director of the
Mint, are not of the prescribed weight and fine-
ness, and therefore are not receivable by tale aj3
provided in the act. ,
There is another matter connected with this.
When the Congress of the United States has
