THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
to the gentleman who occupied the chair a day or
two" <1^0, permit irie to say, that the decision
referred to was not made. Tie point was hot
made. The gentleman who then occupied the
chair suggested, in answer to an inquiry by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] that
should the point be made, he would so decide,
and that should the committee prefer the other
course, they would indicate that preference by
not making the point. The point was not made,
ariS%here was no decision; so that the Chair now
  must make it on its own authority, and not on
. that of the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentlernan from South Carolina [Mr. Qrr]
to £!YC notice af that time, that on the decision
' which;the Chair, made, he should—after the gen-
tteinaii then on the floor should hare concluded
Ma remarks—make the point of order; and the
Chair understood that it was acquiesced in by
the committee. The question now is, "Shall
the decision' of the Chair stand as the judgment
of' the committee ?"
Me. STANTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Talbott were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 68.
t So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
general discussion decided to be in order.
\ Mr. BLISS then made an argument of an hour's
length against the extension of slavery, and
maintained tfie constitutional power of Congress
to exclude that institution from the Territories.
(See Appendix for these speeches.]
Mr. MAXWELL next obtained the floor, but
yielded to '
Mr.-A. K. MARSHALL, who moved that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Giddings
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Ms. Washburn, of Maine, reported that the
Cdmmittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the special order, being a bill
(H.' fc, No.. 5.66) reducing the duty on imports,
arid Tor other purposes,* and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
CHANGE OP REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from tlie farther consideration of the petition
and papers in tlie case of James McCall, and that they Ue
refe/red to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. I would appeal to the gentleman
from-Tennessee to withdraw his motion toadjourn
until I oan reportfrom the Committee on Patents,
for,reference to the Committee of the Whole on
thftstateof the Union, a general bill on the sub-
ject of- patents-.
• Mr. 'JONES, of Tennessee. It is always a
bad time to do business after the committee rises,
and l therefore insist on my motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
a quarter past three o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 16, 1857.
Prayerby theChaplain,Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
credentials of-Hon. Simon Cameron, .elected a
Senator by the Legislature of Pennsylvania for
the term of six years, commencing on the 4th day
of March next; which were read, and ordered to
lie on'the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BIGfLER presented two memorials of cit-
izens of the United States, engaged in the manu-
facture and sale of slates, remonstrating against
the abolition of duty on foreign slate; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
. *. Mr. FJSH presented the petition of John I.
Gflasson, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying to be
allowed compensation for performing the duties
of purser to the United States schooner Falcon,
duVing"the late war with Mexico; which was
re%ref to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That Roswsll W. Haskins hav.'j leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SLI DELL, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial
of the executors of John Armstrong, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 440) for the relief of the sureties of Daniel
Winsldw, reported it without amendment.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 254)
for the relief of the.heirs of Samuel R. Thurston,
late Delegate from Oregon, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of George A. O'Brien,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
507) for his relief. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed,
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Lands
have had Under consideration the petition of
Walter M. Rockwell & Co..asking for a donation
of land to aid in the construction of a telegraphic
line from San Francisco to some point on the
Mississippi river, and a petition of citizens of
Iowa in favor of the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific, and ask to be-discharged from their
further consideration, and that they be referred
to the select committee upon the subject of the
Pacific railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark to the Senator that there is no such
committee. The petitions will lie on the table if
not objected to.
Mr. WELLER. The select committee, I sup-
pose, Vere discharged at the last session after
they made their report. I have never asked at
the present session for a renewal of the commit-
tee, simply for the reason that the bill which they
reported at the last session is still before the
Senate, now lying on the table, and it is my
desire at an early day to have tile action of the
Senate upon it. I suppose the memorials ought
to be laid on the table.
Mr. FOOT. Then I make the simple motion,
that the Committee on Public Lands be discharged
from their further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CASS. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion. We are now in the last half of the
session-, and there is a great deal of public busi-
ness to be performed, if there is any particular
reason why we should not meet to-morrow, I am
unable to see it. I have not said anything about
adjournments over before this time; I have not
been captious in regard to them; but I want the
deliberate vote of the Senate now on this propo-
sition.
■The yeas an# nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biggs. Bigler, Cass, Clay,
Comegys, Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Pish, Fitzpatriek, Hous-
ton, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa. Mallory, Mason, Pratt,
Pugh, Reid, Rusk, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of
Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Brod-
head, Brown, Oollamer, Fessenden, Foot, Poster, Hale,
Iverson, Weller, and Wilson—12.
So the motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH "WHITE.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the bill
from the House of Representatives (C. C. No. !
9) for the relief of Joseph White, to report it;
back with a recommendation that it pass. It
is a bill from the Court of Claims for a small !
amount. The Committee on Claims of the Sen-1
ate have examined it, and think it right. The j
bill had better be put on if? passage at once. * '
The Senate, as-in Committee of the Whole,!
proceeded' to consider the bill, which proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to!
Joseph White $561 02, for the amount of money
by mistake omitted to be credited to him as Navy
Agent, in settling his accounts at the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. *
AMOS B. CORWINE.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate tafce^
up the bill (H. R. No. 381) for the relief of Amos
B. Corwine.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is private bill day,
and I think we had bettertake up the Private Cal-
endar in its order. I believe the bill referred to
by the Senator from California will be reached'
in due time.
Mr. WELLER. A bill reported by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has "been acted on out
of its order, and I do not kfiow why we should
proceed differently now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
w ill remark, that the order making Fridayprivate
bill day expired with the last session. There is
no existing order on that subject.
Mr. Weller's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill. Its object is to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Amos
B. Corwine $27,804 33, in full compensation for
moneys expended by him in forwarding desti-
tute citizens of the "Cnited States from Panama
to San Francisco.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like the report in
that case read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Knowlton in the House of Representa-
tives, on the 23d of May, 1856:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Amos B. Corwine, late consul at Panama,
respectfully report:
That the memorialist was, during the years 1830, 3851,
1852, and the greater part of 1853, consul of the United
States at Panama, New Granada, and in that capacity was
called upon to relieve the sufferings of a large number of
destitute American citizens, emigrating to California, who
were detained at the port of Panama by the insufficiency
of transportation on tlie Pacific side, and wixs required to
supply hundreds of his sick and indigent countrymen with
the means of subsistence and with shelter during the period
of their detention, and ultimately to forward a portion of
them to San Francisco at hi3 own expense. The subjoined
statement of his proceedings, and of the circumstances
under which he acted, is given in the words of the memo-
rialist, and is fully supported by the evidence:
" No provision was made for the indigent sick fiom the
United States by the local authonties of Panama, and the
whole of that burden for a long time foil upon your memo-
rialist, ~^nd so continued, until, aided by several of his
humane countrymen, then residing in Panama, your me-
morialist succecded in establishing there an 'American
hospital' for the relief of his sick andimhgentcounUymen.
But even alter tlie establishment of this humane and bene-
ficent institution, tlie indigent discharged convalescents
claimed from your memorialist the means of transportation
to the United States. This ho m every instance gave; nor
could lie have refused it without subjecting his indigent
fellow-citizens to all the horrors of pauperism in a strange
land, and to the severity of a pestilential climate, which
which would inevitably have produced relapse and probable
death." " This was illustrated in the month of February,
1852. It was not m Panama then as. now. Then the emi-
grant had no facilities. At the indicated time the Isthmus
was swarming with emigrants. There were several thou-
sand of them then there from all parts of the United States j
and as there were only two steamers to eonvcy the mails,
which were dispatched monthly, and as the scarcity of pro-
visions and of water-casks rendered it a work of tune to
fit out the few bailing vessels which put up for San Fran-
cisco, multitudes of the emigrants were reduced by the
delay to the most desperate circumstances. Starvation
and disease were to be seen on every hand. Great numbers
found inhospitable grave*, and the appeals to your memo-
rialist were too strong for him to resist. It wa* a case above
the statute law. Humanity demanded of your memorialist
to interpose; and standing. a«s he did, as the representative
of bis country, if he had refused relief he must have
countered the deserved censure of his Government and oi
the civilized world."
Submitting to the imperative necessity described in this
recital, the consul fitted out a vessel, and forwarded to San
Francisco two hundred and twenty-three destitute passen-
gers, at an expense, defrayed wholly by himself, of twenty-
seven thousand eight hundred and four dollars and thirty-
three cents, (,$*27,804 .'-{3.)
Your committee consider this a case strong'y appealing
to the justice ."nd h^rahty of this Government. Mr. Cor-
wme-s official position threw such responsibilities upon
him that he had no choice but to relieve the necessities of :
his suffering countrymen. To refuse was to witness them
perching of starvation and exposure in the streets of a
foreign city. He should be remunerated by the return of
his actual disbursements. There can be no gener.il lav/
providing for such cases; when they arise, they must be
submitted to Congress, which, in the exercise  >f a cautious
discrimination, will provide such rehef as is consistent with
a humane regard for our citizens when overtaken by sudden
calamity abroad, and with justice towards those national-
agents by whom they may have been rescued from distress*
and in many eases from death.
