THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. FIT5CPATRICK. The honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxes,] jvho takes an
interest in that bill, is indispose#, and not able to
be here to-day. I hope it will be passed over.
The. bill was passed over.
SANTIAGO E. ARGUELJ.O.
The. hill (S: No. 354) for the relief of Santiago
E. Arguello was read a second time, and consid-
eredas, in Committee of the Whole.
ISjrccts the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Santiago E. Arguello, late a captain in the
California battalion, §14,888, for losses of prop-
erty sustained hyh i m during the period of such
service, and in consequence thereof.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to hear some
explanation of. that.bill.
Mr. WELLER. The. bill was passed upon
by the board which was organized for the pur-
pose of adjusting, the claims of the Fremont bat-
talion, I belie.mit h^s twice passed the Senate.
It' has been examined here very carefully, and
now comc,a mdorae.d,by the Committee on Claims.
Last year, I believe, it was put in the Army ap-
propna.tion.biU, but was strickenout in the House
of. Representatives. There is a written report,
if-the Senator desires that it may be read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The Secretary read it; from which it appears
that Mr. Arguello was a wealthy and influential
inhabitant of California, residing in the vicinity
of San Diego. On the invasion of that country
during the Mexican war, and on the appearance,
of. the proclamation of Commodore Stockton,
then in command of that division of the Amer-
ican forces, Arguello placed himself, at the head
of a company raised through his influence and ex-
ertions, and immediately joined the United States
forces, and fought with distinguished bravery
and effect in several actions, under the command
of Commodore Stockton, who fully attests his
gallantry, and the importance of his services.
Out the 25th November, 1846, he was appointed
by Governor Stockton a captain of riflemen in
the California battalion,and on the 16th January,
1847, a member of the Legislative Council of that
Territory. In consequence of his attachment to
the cause of the United States, and the zeal and
activity which he manifested in their service, his
rancho was ravaged and laid waste, his buildings
burnt, and his cattle and other movable effects
taken away by the enemy, by which he appears
to have been reduced from competence and wealth
to penury and dependence.
A commission, appointed by H. Fitch, Esq.,
alcalde of San Diego, to examine and report upon
the losses of Arguello, state, under oath, and after
a personal examination, that the personal prop-
erty thus destroyed by the enemy amounted, " at
the lowest value," to $14,888. The items are as
follows:
472 tanned deer skins, at $2  §944
24 tanned cow hides, at §6.  144
20 mares, at $10    200
500 head of cattle, at j|2Q 10,000
250 sheep, at $4    1,000
52 horses, at $50  2,100
100 pigs, at §5  500
Total.
414,888
The policy of the United States, in remuner-
ating those who have testified attachment to pur
cause and our institutions,, by forsaking the cause
of an enemy, and risking their lives and property
in our service, was .sanctioned by the early action
of the Government. In, 1818, a committee of the
House of Representatives made a report oil a
claim of this nature, in which they say: " If the
liberal policy heretofore pursued by the United
States is continued, it would not require much
calculation to predict its effects, in the event of
another contest." The Senate Committee on
Claims, at the second session of the Twenty-
First Congress, in their reportiii the.case of John
Daly, a Canadian refugee, adopt the same prin-
ciple^ apd recommend relief, which was granted
to the amount of $5,000, " for supplies furnished
and assistance rendered to the Army jo,f.the United
States,ia Canada."
. In 1853, the case.was submitted to,the " board
 £ ejajMBjitioii of claims contracted in Cali-
fornj|under J^iutenant Colot^l J. C. Fremont,''
who gave the following opinion: "This claim,
purporting to be for property taken by the Mex-
ican troops does not appear to come within the
province of the board for examination; but from
the peculiar circumstances of the case, as set
forth in the documents accompanying it, the
board desire to call the attention of Congress to
the claim as one worthy of its favorable consid-
eration."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT FREDERICK CHATARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 357) for the relief of Lieutenant Frederick
Chatard, United States Navy, which was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to allow to Lieutenant Chatard, in the
adjustment of his accounts, as purser of the ship
Fredonia, credit for certain suspended items, not
to exceed $583 54.
The petitioner, a lieutenant in the United
States Navy, under the order of the Secretary of
the Navy, took command of the store-ship Fre-
donia in 1852, and carried out stores ar.d troops
to California. In addition to the duties of com-
mander of the ship, he was ordered to perform
those of purser, though he expressly requested
to be relieved from them, because of his want of
familiarity with them and with accounts gen-
erally. In the performance of these duties, his
attention being necessarily occupied with those
of his command, he was constrained to depend
almost entirely upon a clerk allowed him by the
Department, and hence several items of expendi-
ture have been suspended in the adjustment of
his accounts at the Department—items which the
petitioner advanced in good faith, and to forward
the public interests, as he supposed. He received
| no additional pay or .compensation whatever for
j performing the duties, but was held responsible, I
against his ^wn consent, for their due perform- ]
| ance; while, from his own ignorance, he was in
j the hands of his clerk. The items disallowed
amount to §583 54.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CAPTORS OF THE CALEDONIA.
The bill (S. No. 361) for the benefit of the cap-
tors of the British brig Caledonia, in the war of
1812, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the payment of §25,000 ,
to the captors of the" British brig Caledonia, on
the 8th of October, 1812, on the Niagara river,
near Fort Erie, or to their legal representatives,
which payment is to be made to the legal repre-
sentatives of the late Captain Jesse D. Elliott, to :
the legal representatives of the late General'
Nathan Towson, then a captain of artillery, and '
to the officers and men engaged in the capture, or 1
their legal representatives, in such proportions 1
as each maybe found to be entitled to, according
to the usages, of the naval service.
Mr. STUART. 1 see that that bill appropri-
ates $25,000. If there is a report accompanying
it, I should like to hear the grounds on which it
rests. ^
The Secretary read the ^>ort, from which it
appears that, in October, 1812, Lieutenant Jesse
D. Elliott being in command of the public armed
vessels at Black Rock, conceived the idea of cap-
turing two British brigs, the Detroit and Cale-
donia, which had just come down Lake Erie and
anchored, the first about two miles above the fort,
on the British side of the river, and the latter im-
mediately under the guns of the fort. Being
short of force, Lieutenant Elliott applied to Gen-
eral Smyth for volunteers from the army. The
artillery companies of Captains Towson and
Barker were allowed to furnish part of the quota,
whilst another portion was taken from the in-
fantry. These artillery companies belonged to
Colonel Scott's command. Captains Towson and
Barker being 0 equal rank, the command was
decided by lot, and the privilege was assigned to
Captain Towson. Two boats went off during
the night of the 8th of October, 1812, on the
expedition thus planned by Lieutenant Elliott—
the lieutenant himself commanding one, (with.
the infantry on board,) and the other being in
charge of sailing-master Watts, with Captain
Towson in charge of the artillerists.
_ After getting near the Caledonia, some hesita-
tion was expressed by the sailing-master as to
the possibility of reaching the brig^ whereupon
Captain Towson at once assumed the command
of the boat, and ordered the men to pull along-
side. In a few minutes, after a severe conflict,
in which one of his men was killed and eight
others wounded, (one of them mortally,) Captain
Towson succeeding in boarding and capturing
the Caledonia, with her valuable cargo, valued
by Lieutenant Elliot, in his official dispatch,
at §200,000. Soon after this the Detroit surren-
dered to Captain Elliot.
The Detroit was afterwards burnt by order of
Lieutenant Elliot, to save her from falling into the
hands of the enemy; and a similar order was
given by him in regard to the Caledonia; but
Captain Towson not perceiving the necessity of
this, took the responsibility of saving the latter,
with her rich cargo, and she afterwards formed
a part of Commodore Perry's fleet on Lake
Erie, and rendered good service, under Lieuten-
ant Turner, in the brilliant action of .the 10th of
September, 1813.
The value of the Caledonia is estimated by
Captain Champlin at §15,000, without her arma-
ment, and by Major Camp at $30,000. The cargo
of the Caledonia was estimated by the news of
the day at $200,000. It consisted of valuable furs
and peltries. Major Camp states that the skins
were used for the army, and the fine furs sent to
New York. Captain Towson himself stati d his
impression that a large portion of the cargo of
the Caledonia was put into the public storehouse
at Black Rock, and some of it burnt by the Brit-
ish. The part sent to New York city was sold by
the'United States marshal, and no part of the
proceeds paid over to the captors. Captain Tow-
son also states that a suit was instituted in the
United States district court for the southern dis-
trict of New York, and, after much delay, on a
second trial, a verdict was rendered in favor of
the captors of the Caledonia, but for what amount
is not known; but that no part of it was ever paid
over to the captors. The present clerk of the
United States court states that the books and
papers of his office ha^g been burnt, he is un-
able to give any information at present in regard
to the suit, but that the amount of the verdict
was probably paid into the hands of Heron Rudd,
who was clerk of the court from 1812 to 1816,
and became a defaulter for about sixty thousand
dollars.
Captain Towson explains, in a letter, the rea-
sons for his delay in making the application, and
is desirous that Mrs. Elliott, the widow of Com-
modore Elliott, should also be providedYor, so
far as her husband was entitled for planning the
expedition. Mrs. Elliott herself desires to be
included, and refers to her papers, connected with
an application which she was about to make, in
the hands of an attorney, since deceased; but the
main facts of the case are referred to as being
part of the public records of the times. On refer-
ring to the legislation of Congress on this subject,
it does not appear that any allowance has ever
been made for the Caledonia, or her cargo.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CATHARINE V. R. COCHRANE.
The bill (S. No. 362) for the relief of Catharine
V. R. Cochrane, sole surviving child of the late
General Philip Schuyler, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Catharine V. R. Cochrane, or her legal repre-
sentative, $9,960, in full payment and discharge
of all claims on account of services rendered, or
losses sustained, by General Philip Schuyler, in
the war of the Revolution.
The report shows that General Schuyler, the
father of the petitioner, rendered important ser-
vices, and made great pecuniary sacrifices during
the war of the Revolution. These are facts famil-
iar to all who are acquainted with the history of
that period. In the campaign of 1777, when Gen-
eral Burgoyne commenced his march with an army
in Canada, intending to meet General Clinton at
Albany, General Schuylcr,-for some time,.had
