THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
Mr. PENNINGTON asked for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the bill was
passed,
Mr. AIKEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
PASCAL S. CERRE.
Mr. KENNETT. I now ask that the bill upon
the Speaker's table, for the relief^ of Pascal L.
Cerre, be taken up and disposed of.
No objection being made, the bill was reported
to the House by its title, as follows:
An act (S. No. 226) to authorize the legal
representative? of Pascal L. Cerre to enter cer-
tain lands in the State of Missouri.
The bill was returned from the Senate with an
amendment. The amendment was reported. Jt
proposes to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the House bill, and to insert in lieu thereof a
provision that the legal representatives of Pascal
L. Cerre be authorized to locate, Acre of cost, oil
any of the public lands of the United States, in
the State of Missouri, and agreeable to the Uni-
ted States survey, subject to sale at private entry
at the minimum price, the quantity of seven thou-
sand and fifty-six arponts of land less such quan-
tityas they already may have acquired under the
confirmatory act of 1830, entitled "An artto
confirm certain Inndn in the State of Missouri,"
approved July 4, 1856; and that the Commis-
sioner of the Gcneial Land Olilee, upon the re-
ceipt of satisfactory proof that the claimants are
the legal representatives of said Cerre, shall cause
such patent to be issued as in other cases.
The amendment was concurred in.
SALLY T. MATHEWS.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of bills from the Senate upon the Speaker's table.
The first bill taken up was an act (S. No.
296) for the relief of Sally T. Mathews.
This bill was amended by the House; the
amendment was disagreed to by the Senate, and
the bill returned to the House.
The amendment of the House was as follows:
Add to the end of the hill the following pcction :
2. JJnd he it fmtker enacted, That Irom and nfter
the parage ot tlu^ act, <iny olorK, messenger, or other per-
son pejiaitU'd to cufi'i the j-ervicc of the CTnitcd States
without t'.ie .tuMionty of jau, the eotnpoiihntion flue for
such mtvicc "\v hen p.url by^tho Government be de-
ducted by the accounting alliens f.oni the snl.ny m ermi-
pensatjoa due or aeoiaiuj? to t-ueli head oi Department or
bureau, who may have -o employed bueh pei.-<>n without
sucJj lec-it authority afou'^aid, unle-s the Pioulent f-hfJl
certify that such as.-i^t>nice was ab->oJut<sly nece^aiy to t!ie
public service.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House insist
upon its amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BII.LS.
The following bills were then taken from the
Speaker's table, severally read a first and second
time, and referred as indicated below:
An act (S. No. 356) for the relief of Dr. Charles
D. Maxwell, a surgeon in the United States Navy.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act (S. No. 390) for the relief of Charles
McCormick, assistant surgeon in the United
States Army. Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
An act (S. No. 439) to authorize the settle-
ment of the recounts of Luther Jewett, late col-
lector of the district of Portland and Falmouth,
in the State of Maine. Referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 443) for the relief of Edward
Harte. Referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a supplemental report of thc.Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in reference
TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1857.
New Series....No. 23.
to certain land claims in New Mexico: which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a further communication from the same
officer, submitting estimates for the Indian service;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire, before moving
to go into a Committee of the Whole House, to
appeal to the House to consent to make this
objection day. It is the only way in which we
can dispose of any number of private bills.
Mr, STANTON. I object to making this
objection day.
Mr. PHELPS. To-morrow will be debating
day.
Mr. STANTON. Let to-morrow be objection
day.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not care. Let either one
or the other be objection day.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I withdraw my
objection.
There being no other objection, Mr. Gidpixgs's
suggestion was agreed to.
Mr. GJDDINGS. 1 n<>w move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. WHITNEY. Will the Calendar be laken
up at the ) tace where we lefi oft' hu-'t wei k?
The SPKXKKil. The CJalend-u" wjH be re-
sumed where it was last It*ft oil' by the com- i
ju'i Dee. !
The question ues taken; and the motion was |
agreed to. _ 1
The House accordingly resolved itself into a \
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Grow in :
the chair.) and resumed the consideration of the
bills on the Private Calendar, when those to which
there was no objection were laid aside to be
reported to the iious".
A bill (H. R. No. 505) for the relief of John
L. Vattier.
The bill entitles John L. Vattier to select and
locate of the public lands of the United States,
open to entry at f>l 25 per acre, two thousand
night hundred and eighty neres, for which he
shall duly receive a patent as indemnity for the
undivided half of the claim of George. Schamp
and Pelagre Schamp, his wjttkas filed before the
register and receiver of tmrland ollico of the
southwestern land district of the State of Louis-
iana, as reported by theui November 1, J824.
The repoit was read; and (he bill was then laid
aside to be r< ported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
A bill (IT. R. No. 50G)forthc relief of Thomas l
L. Difdmroon, of St. Louis county, Missouri.
[Objected to by Mr. Jovr.s, of Tonoet-aec. j
A bill (H. R. No. 507) for the relief of Harriet ,J
Peef, child and onlyhnr < f John IVet, deceased. !!
Mr. JONES, of Teniv-'S'-e. { have a great .]
many constituents m like situation with this :|
claimant; mid, as th'* House refused to amend
the act of 1^55 so as to grant the right to these [•
warrants to children who were not minors, I ob- ||
jeet to this bill, if we asc to have legislation 1
on the subject, let us have general, and not special ,
legislation. i
A bill (TT. R. No. SOP) for the iv!i<-f of the 1
heirs of Jaeques Godfrov.
The bill authorizes and directs that a patent be
issued to the heirs of Jacques Godfroy for a ■
second concession, (No. 19,) in rear of the front j
grant on Detroit river, patented to the heirs July '
iSll, according to the survey of said second
concession made by deputy surveyor Joseph
Fletcher in July, 18^2, and returned into the land |
office by the surveyor general, and contained m :j
the patent certificate numbeied 313, issued by the '!
regmter of the land office at Detroit, dated April i
16, 1345. ,
It is stated in the report that Jacques Godfrey
was entitled to and received a first concession on ■■
Detroit river of 78.41 acres, and was entitled to a j
second grant or concession in the rear thereof. .!
The condition on whWt the second grant was 'I
made was that it should not contain more acres
than the first grant. The second grant was laid
oft and surveyed by a deputy surveyor of the
Government m the year 1823, and contains
118.58 acres. The fact that there is more land
included in the survey than was contained in the
first grant, explains why apatent was never issued*
to the claimants. It appears that the whole land
claimed has been in actual possession of the said
Godfroy or his legal representatives since 1822,
and that the adjoining grants recognize the lines
of the tract occupied by him.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 509) for the relief of Wil-
liam Packwood, a citizen of Washington Terri-
tory. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of Samuel
S. Haight.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle, upon the principles of
equity and justice, the claim of Samuel S. Haight,
for his services and expenses in mustering into
service, and marching to the New York frontier,
his command, under orders from General Amos
FTall, dining the war of 1812, when Haight was
colonel of the first brigade of New York State
m'ht-a.
Haight, in the early part of January, 1814, was
s( nior colonel of the first brigade of militia in the
State of New York. Soon after the burning of
DalTalo and the taking of Fort Niagara, he was
oulered by General Amos Hall to proceed, with-
out delay, with his command to the frontier,
winch lie did with about five hundred men, which
increased to one thousand men before he reached
the village of Dansville, whcie he was met by
orders from General Hall that the British troops
and Indians had recrossed the Niagara river, and
that lie disband his men, as there was no further
necessity for them. The petitioner was at some
expense in getting out the troops, and for such
expense and his own pay the bill proposes to
reimburse him.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the words " upon the principles
of equity and justice," thereby leaving the claim
to be settled accordiug to the principles of law.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was laid aside to be reported to the House, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 511) granting a pension to
Martha Elliott, widow- of Samuel Elliott, a sol-
dier of the, war of 1812.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Martha Elliott, widow of
Samuel Elliott, a soldier m the war of 1812, upon
tin pension roil, at the rate of eight dollars per
monih, beginning on the 1st of January last, and
!o continue during the course of her natural life
The i,Ue husband of the memorialist was, during
his lifetime, entitled to a pension on account of
disability mcuned by a wound he received in the
th'irh in the battle of Missisencwa, in the war of
Jbl2, during his term of service as a corporal
m the 3'utsburg Blues, commanded by Captain
James It. l^utler, in said war; but he always de-
clined to make chain for the same, being, as he
believed him?c]f, competent to live without it.
Ilcr husband now being deceased, and she being
in want of the money which a pension would
afford her, petitions Congress to smooth her path
to the grave by allowing her that which her hus-
band could have got had he asked for it during
his lifetime.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 512) for the relief of Harriet
F. Fisher, administratrix of M. W. Fisher, de-
ceased, and Richard,M. Eouton. ^Objected to
by Mr. Lr.iTER.l - -
A bill ([I. R. No. 513) for-the relief of David
Waldo. [Objected to by Mr. Sherman.]
Mr PHELPS. I hope the gentleman Witt
withdraw his objection. The last Congress gave
relief in precisely a similar case.
