354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. SHERMAN. Had I been here, I should
have objected to that bill.
A bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Tar-
rance Kirby.
The bill directs that the name of Tarrance
Kirby, a second sergeant in Captain Griffin's com-
pany, fourteenth regiment of Kentucky militia,
commanded by Colonel Parker, in the war of 1812
with Great Britain, be placed upon the pension
roll, and that he be allowed the half pay of a
second sergeant, to commence from the first day
of the present Congress.
The petitioner was a non-commissioned officer
of the grade of second sergeant, in Captain Grif-
fin's company, fourteenth regiment Kentucky
militia, commanded by Colonel Parker, in the
altogether, which leaves him and his family now
in an entirely dependent situation.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 517) granting a pension to
Franklin W. Armstrong, of Hardin county, Ken-
tucky.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Franklin W. Armstrong, of
Hardin county, Kentucky, upon the invalid pen-
sion roll, at eight dollars per month, beginning on
the 1st of January, 1856, and to continue during
the existence of his present disability.
It-appears that the memorialist was a private
in company A, commanded by Captain Alexan-
der P. Churchill, of the United States voltiguer
war of 1812 with Great Britain, and was present : regiment, commanded by Colonel Thomas P.
on the 8th of January, 1815, at the battle of New
Orleans, and there, whilst in the service of the
United States, and in the line of his duty, received
a severe wound in the thumb by a bayonet,
inflicting great pain and permanent injury.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 515) for the relief of John
Draut.
The bill provides that the name of John Draut,
a soldier of the thirty-fourth regiment of United
Andrews, and served as sergeant at the siege
of Puebla, in the Mexican war, in the voltiguer
detachment commanded by Lieutenant John M.
Blakely; that he was honorably discharged tit
that city by Surgeon Mills, about the loth of
November, 1847, on account of chronic diarrhrea,
weakness of the eyes, and general debility, all of
which diseases were contracted in the service of
his country in Mexico. The memorialist is now
completely blind by reason of such service, afflict-
: ing him with weakness of that organ, and opacity
States infantry, in the war of 1812 with Great !i of the cornea, and besides is suffering from dis
t. ♦. • i i. _. j  ,i.   • .__7i ...j ,1 AiicArtt tnp hnwf s. nil nf whirh rpfinirp nnnQtair
Britain, be placed upon the pension roll, and that
he be allowed eight dollars per month, to com-
mence from the first day of the present Con-
The petitioner was a private in Captain Bor-
ling's company, thirty-fourth regiment United
States infantry, in the war of 1812 with Great
Britain; he enlisted on the 6th of July, 1813, and
was discharged on the 5th of July, 1814; and as
such soldier, in the line of his duty, sustained a
severe bodily injury by the breaking of a blood-
ease of the bowels, all of which require constant
medical attendance,and incapacitate him entirely
for any business. The memorialist is a lawyer
by profession, and after his return from Mexico,
before he became entirely blind, earned his lining
by his profession, and declined to make any ap-
peal to the justice of his country; but being now
entirely unable to earn a cent towards his support,
is forced to throw himself upon the magnanimity
of his Government, and ask a pension to contrib-
ute something towards his means of living.
vessel, from which he has not yet recovered, and jl Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to strike out
from which he still suffers so much as to entirely :i " eight," in line sixth, and insert in lieu thereof
disable him from gainin
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the ii 1 v'\i!1 merely state now—as all members will
House, with the recommendation that it do pass. bear in mind that at the last session, at the
<j instance of the honorable gentleman from Ten-
living by manual WOT<1 " sixteen," so as to make the pension
I sixteen dollars a month.
Abill (H. R. No. 516) forthe benefit of William
L. Oliver.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of William L. Oliver, of Davis
county, Iowa, upon the roll of invalid pensioners,
and pay him, from the 1st of January, 1856, ten
dollars per month during his natural life, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
It appears from the report that the memorialist
volunteered in the late war between the United
States and Mexico, at Indianapolis, in the State
of Indiana, on or about the 15th day of June,
A. D. 1846, and became a sergeant in company
H, commanded by Captain John McDougal, in
the first -regiment of Indiana volunteers, com-
manded by Colonel James P. Drake, and entered
upon the duties of his station in due course of
time; that previous to and up to the time he volun-
teered, he enjoyed good health, had the free use
of his faculties and limbs, and was sound in body
and mind; that some time after he commenced the
duties of sergeant as aforesaid, and while em-
ployed in the defense of his country, and exposed
to the hardships incident to the duties of a sol-
dier, he became lame in his right arm, and unable !
to perform the duties devolving upon him as ser- j
geant as aforesaid; and becoming otherwise sick i
and feeble, and unable to bear the fatigues of the !
campaign, he was honorably discharged at camp
Rio Grande, at the mouth of that river, on or !
about the 8th day of September, 1846; that the 1
lameness referred to in his right arm, so far from j
improving or having been removed, has continued ;
to grow worse and worse, until it has become i
so fixed and of such a character as to render it,
impossible for him to pursue his occupation—
that of a carpenter and joiner—by which he had
hoped and endeavored to procure a comfortable
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] we gave a pension of six-
teen dollars a month to a sailor who had both
arms blown off in firing a salute. In this case
the petitioner is stone blind, and utterly incapa-
ble of doing anything toward his support. His
maladies were contracted in the service.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill as
amended was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the raaMnmendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of Mary
F. Swan.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary F. Swan, widow of John
H. Swan, deceased, upon the pension list, at the
rate of three dollars and fifty cents per month,
commencing on the 2d of March, 1849, and con-
tinuing five years.
It appears from the report, that John H. Swan,
the husband of the petitioner, was a private in
company D, first artillery, in service during the
war with Mexico; that he was placed upon the
list of invalid pensioners, by reason of having
received a severe gun-shot wound in his head;
that he died on the 2d of March, 1849, in con-
sequence of said wounds, as is satisfactorily
shown by the affidavit of his attending physician.
It appears that the petitioner is his widow.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I move to amend
!j the bill by striking out the last two words, " five
11 years," and inserting the words " during her
jl natural life."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
'! as amended, was laid aside to be reported to the
I1 House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
' An act (S. No. 300) granting a pension to
;|"Mary A. M. Jones.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension list the name ot- Alary A
livelihood for himself and family; that he is a ii M. Jones, widow of Brevet Major General Roger
poor man, without property, except a small house || Jones, deceased, at the rate of half the montthe
and lot in the town of Bloomfield; has a wife and ' pay to which her late husband was entitled at the
two children depending upon him and his efforts ji time of his death.
for support; that, notwithstanding his disabili- 1} Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill does not
ties, he has struggled to make a competency by
Jiis^ occupation, until about a year ago, since
which time he has been compelled to abandon it
| come within the rule of any general provision for
! granting pensions, and I think it should not be
allowed.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee object to the bill ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume the gen-
tleman from Tennessee will not object to the bill,
| but will allow the House to have action upon it.
j lie will not, I am sure, interpose his privilege
J against the sense of the House, but will allow
| the bill to come up for the consideration of this
< body; and then, if it be the pleasure of the House
t to reject this bill, well and good.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no gen-
j tleman in the House who knows better than the
I gentleman from Virginia, that if this bill goes into
I the House the previous question will be put on
;it, and not one word can be said about it. Let us
discuss it here.
! The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
| Tennessee object to the bill?
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do.
j A bill (H. R. No. 519) for the relief of the
: heirs of General S. Van Renselaer. [Objected to
j by Mr. Letcher.1
j A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of John
I Houser.
| The bill directs the Secretary of-the Interior to
; place the name of John Houser, of Sullivan coun-
J ty, New York, upon the invalid pension list, at
i the rate of eight dollars per month, commencing
| on the 1st of December, 1834, and continuing
I during his natural life.
j It appears by the report that Houser is now
! seventy-two years of age; that he enlisted as
, a teamster on the 1st day of March, 1813, for
i one year, under the direction of Mot gan Lewis;
that he was engaged in conveying stores, provis-
i ions,&c., from Albany to Greenbush; that while
so employed, on the 12th day of February, 1814,
in unloading a load of pork ill barrels from a
wagon, a barrel fell, striking him on the left side
of the abdomen, causing a large and dangerous
rupture, the chine striking the left leg some eight
inches above the ankle, severely bruising and
fracturing the bone, from which followed a
chronic inflammation and an ulcer in the site of
the fracture, which, with the rupture, does, and
j has for the last twenty-five years, rendered him
; unable to perform manual labor of any kind.
I He received an honorable discharge March 1,
i 1814. Said papers were all burnt in 1834, when
. his house was burnt. That he had the papers,
| clearly appears from the testimony of S. T. Van-
| derzee, under whom he enlisted; that being in
: easy circumstances, he kept the papers in his
j possession without applying for a pension until
j they were burnt with his house, in 1834. He
asks for a pension under the act of April 24,
1816, granting pensions to disabled persons in
the military service of the United States.
Mr. LETCHER. 'I move to amend by strik-
ing out of the bill the words " December, 1834,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " January,
1856."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of the
officers and privates of the Clinton Guards, of
the county of Macomb, in the State of .Michigan.
The bill requires the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to audit and settle,atthe like rates
for which similar services have been heretofore
audited and paid, the accounts of the company ot
, Michigan militia, known as the Clinton Guards,
i of the third regiment, third brigade, third division
j of Michigan militia, in the county of Macomb, in
| said State, upon satisfactoiy proof that they were
| ordered into service of the United States by the
! Governor of Michigan, on requisition of the Uni-
| ted States marshal, for the maintenance of the
i neutral obligations and laws of the United States,
■ in lrt3^, and that they rendered service in pursu-
ance of said requisition; and the amount found
due them shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
i The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
' House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 40) in the case
of H. L. Thistle.
, On motion of Mr. LETCHER, the report was
; laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
i recommendation that the decision of the court bo
| affirmed.
I A bill (H. R. No. 521) for the relief of Joseph
