1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
Hardy and Alton Long. [Objected to by Mr.
Leitek.]
An act (S. No. 144) to enable the United States
to make use of the solar compass in the public
surveys. [Objected to by Mr. Phelps.]
A bill (H. R. No. 522) for the relief of Jacob
Hall, contractor on mail route No. 8912, from
Independence, Missouri, to Santa Fe, New Mex-
ico.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that that bill be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do not pass. Relief was provided for this
individual at the last session of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe this
case was provided for in the General Post Office
appropriation last year.
Mr. PHELPS. I have so stated.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 523) for the relief of the legal
representatives of General Henry Miller, de-
ceased. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
A bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of Benja-
min R. Gantt.
This bill enacts that the claim of Benjamin R.
Gantt, as the assignee or representative of George
Rowe, to a tract of land on the east or left side
of the Bayou Teche, in the parish of St. Mary,
Louisiana, in virtue of a location made by H.
Williams, surveyor general, on the 21st of Feb-
ruary, 1840, underthe act of Congress for the relief
of George Rowe, approved March 3, 1839, con-
taining not more than four hundred superficial
arpents, be confirmed to so much of said land so
located, as may be found undisposed of by the
United States; the same to be patented and ad-
justed according to the approved plat of survey
of the township in which it is situated, under in-
structions from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, so as to give him, as near as may
be, the lands sought to be located by him, being
apart of sections one and two, and perhaps a frac-
tion of eleven and twelve, in township number
fifteen south, of range number ten cast, m the
southwestern district ofLouisiana; provided, that
this act shall only operate as a relinquishment
forever on the part of the United States to the
said lands, and shall not interfere with adverse
valid rights of third persons, if such exist, to any
part thereof.
From the report it appears that under an act
of Congress, approved March 3, 1839, George
Rowe, of Ouachita parish, Louisiana, was author-
ized to locate, within twelve months from that
date, under the direction of the surveyor general I
of Louisiana, a tract of land, in the district south j
of Red river, notexceeding four hundred arpents, ;
in lieu of an equal quantity confirmed te him by 1
the register and receiver of that district, under
certificate numbered 382—the Government not
being able to make good the same—the new se-
lection not to be of better quality than that re-
linquished, and the titles patent to issue therefor
as soon after the location and return as it could
be done. In accordance with which law, and
after having complied with all its provisions, as
stated by the surveyor general in his process
verbal of the transaction, he, the surveyor gen-
eral, on the 21st of February, 1840, at the request
of the memorialist, Gantt, the assignee of Rowe,
located upon certain lands, particularly described
in the bill; certifying officially that it was an un-
located vacant tract, not exceeding four hundred
arpents in quantity, and not of superior quality
to the tract, the claim to which had been relin-
quished under the aforesaid law of Congress.
For this land, so located, the Commissioner of
the Land Office refuses to issue a patent, for the
reason that the location was regarded as not being
valid under the law, as it conflicted with other
claims, and did not, as required by the act of
Congress, conform to the legal subdivisions of
the public lands. 1
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pas3.
An act (S. No. 319) for the relief of the heirs
of Major General Arthur St. Clair.
The bill was read.
Mr. STANTON. An old soldier and a con-
stituent of mine is in the almshouse unable to get
a pension, and I think I must object to this bill.
Mr. TODD moved that the committee rise;
which motion was disagreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 525) for the relief of Arthur
Sizemore and John Semi, Simmance, orSemoice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. I think
all such claims were paid long ago.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to withdraw my ob-
jection to an act (S. No. 319) for the relief of the'
heirs of Major General Arthur St. Clair. On
reading the bill it appears to provide for paying
the heirs of Major General Arthur St. Clair the
sum of $30,000, in consideration of his patriotic
services during the Revolution. The report was
not read; and to such a bill I am opposed. I
find by the report, however, that this appropria-
tion is to refund moneys advanced by him during
the revolutionary war. If the bill had stated this
on its face, there would have been no objection.
I withdraw my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be again
taken up, if no objection be made.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask that the report
be read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I objected to this case at
the last session, but on reading the report since
then, I am satisfied this bill ought to pass.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the reading of the
report—which is nine pages of print—is insisted
on, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. LEITER. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his motion to rise until I
can withdraw an objection I made to a bill up for
consideration a few moments ago.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the reading of the
report is insisted on, 1 insist on the motion to rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The report in the case of
Major General Arthur St. Clair will be read.
Mr. LETCHER. Have we the right to go
back ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairstated that the
bill would be again taken up if there was no
objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to going back.
Let us go on. If wo go back for one we should
for all.
_ Mr. KNOWLTON moved that the committee
rise; which motion was disagreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Hora-
tio Boultbee.
The bill was read.
Mr. TODD moved that'the committee do now
Mr. CHAFFEE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Kelly were appointei|^
Tile question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 78.
So the committee refused to rise.
( The report in the case of Horatio Boultbee was
i then read.
{ Mr. FLAGLER. I object to the bill; and I
I move that the committee do now rise,
j Mr. CHAFFEE called for tellers.
| .Tellers were not ordered.
1 The committee again refused to rise.
| Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire of the
: Cliair upon whose objection the bill for the relief
I of the heirs of Major St. Clair was passed,
j The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] objected to the bill.
| Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The Cliair is in error,
j The gentleman from Virginia did not object to
• the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I objected to going back
upon the Calendar, and not to the bill. I so
stated.
i The CHAIRMAN. That constituted an ob-
jection to the bill; for the Chair stated to the
s House, that if there were no objection the bill
: would be taken up, and the gentleman from Vir-
! ginia objected.
! Mr. LETCHER. I objected to going back
j upon tho Calendar, and to nothing else,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Just at the point
j of time when the hill for the relief of the heirs of
j Major St. Clair was taken up, the gentleman from
i Ohio [Mr. Leiter] rose, and proposed to with-
draw an objection lie had made to a bill some
distance back on the Calendar; and it was to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, as I
understood, that objection was made, and not to
the bill in question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Ohio to propose to withdraw
his objection to a bill. The Chair stated that it
was not in order to go back on the Calendar, and
that the bill under consideration was a biJi for the
relief of the heirs of Major Arthur St. Clair;
5?. .*k.e Chair understood the gentleman from
Virginia to object to taking up that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill is not
to pay for services in the war, but to pay for his
property sold to pay for goods which*he pur-
chased in Pittsburg, and which were used in
making some Indian treaties in the Northwest.
[" Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
In order that there may be no mistake, the Chair
will state the question to the House. Senate bill
(No. 319) for the relief of the heirs of Major
Arthur St. Clair will be taken up if there be no
objection.
Mr. LETCHER. Do Iunderstand the Chair
to decide that the committee can now go back on
the Calendar and consider a case which hfcs been
passed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides, if
there be no objection to it.
Mr. LETCHER. Was there not an objection
to going back?
The CHAIRMAN. There seems to be a mis-
understanding in the committee; and in order that -
it may be corrected, if it exists, the Chair states
that bill of the Senate No. 319 will be taken up,
if there be no objection. Is there objection ?
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object to goingback upon
the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia object to taking up that bill?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand
there is no objection to the bill for the relief of
the heirs of General Arthur St. Clair.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am making a
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There is some
misunderstanding in regard to the bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of General St. Clair.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no misunderstand-
ing at all. I object to going back on the Calendar,
after we have passed a case.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, Mr. Chairman, there
seems to be a difference of opinion as to the facts
presented. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stan-
ton] objected when this bill was read, and stated
the reasons why he objected, which were because
an old soldier in his district did not get paid 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair will hear the point of order raised by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the Chair de-
cides that this bill cannot be considered, when no
objection is made to it, I intend to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS. Having the floor now, I
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had the
Private Calendar under consideration, and had
instructed him to report sundry bills—some with
and some without amendments—with a recom-
mendation that they do pass, and other bills with
a recommendation that they do not pass.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust that all these bills
will be disposed of now, and that the House will
then adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On the last
day that the House was in session on the Private
Calendar, a bill for the relief of Joshua ICnowles,
Jun., and others, was before the House, and
rested on a motion to lay it on the table. I
desire to know if that motion is not in order
now?
The SPEAKER. It is not necessarily. The
report of the Committee of the Whole House is
first in order.
PRIVATE BILLS PASSED.
The following bills reported by the Committee
of the Whole House without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they do pass, were
