1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
357
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making a grant of land to the Territories of New
Mexico and Kansas, and the State of Missouri,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
a railroad in said Territories and State; -which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. THORINGTON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 706) for the relief of John B. Rose, of
Wabash county, Indiana; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. HORTON, of New York,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
of Dame! Davis, of the State of New York, and that the
same be laid on the table.
Mr. LAKE. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution for reference
only:
Resolved) That the standing Committee on Commerce be
required to inquire into the propriety of erecting a custom-
house and post office at the city of Vicksburg, m the State
of Mississippi^ and to report by* bill or otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill for the relief of Thomas Phcenix, Jr.; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask leave to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish to
the House a full and complete list of the names of all offi-
cers of the Army, or other persons, who have been and are
now charged with the disbursement of public moneys, and
against whom there are unadjusted balances standing over
for more tban twelve months, together with the amount
chargeable to each and unaccountcd for, and the reasons,
if any, for the delay m the settlement of their accounts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want to
object to that resolution, but I really cannot see
what''good will result from it. In all probability
it will be impossible for the President to report
before Congress expires, and the Administration
goes out.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Does the gentleman
from Tennessee object?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; but I
Bay that I see no necessity for the resolution.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I hope the reso-
lution will be adopted. I think I can see some
reason for its adoption.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution to extend the provis-
ions of the preemption act of September 4, 1841,
and of the acts amendatory thereof, to so much
of the Fort Ripley reservation lying east of the
Mississippi river, in the Territory of Minnesota,
as shall not, in the opinion of the Secretary of
War, be required for military purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion ofMr. SAPP, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
James Sweet, and that the same be laid on the table.
Mr. ROBBINS,from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of AdamD.
Gardiner; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DiCKSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of James Woreton;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. D. also presented a resolution,unanimously
adopted by the Legislature of New York, in favor
of Congress legislating to perfect the objects of
the United States life-boats stations on our coast;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WOODWORTH, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill for the relief of Frederick Stephens; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, When the Speaker
announces to the' House that a gentleman
leave to introduce a bill merely for reference, is,
it proper or right for the Chair to regard a mo-
tion to reconsider, and bring it back before the
House as being in order?
The SPEAKER. If the House give conscnt
to introduce a bill, the Chair must, under the
rules, allow a motion to reconsider to be made,
unless the contrary is expressly stipulated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But when the
Chair announces that a bill is introduced merely
for reference, is it properly subject to a motion
to reconsider, and to be brought back to the
House?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly it is, under
the rules. A vote being taken, it is competent
for the House to reconsider that vote, if it be
only a vote on reference, just as well as any other
motion; but if it were stipulated at the time the
bill was introduced that it was not to be recon-
sidered, the Chair would not entertain a motion
to reconsider.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of George B.
Shope, and that it be refexred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of private bills on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
FISHING BOUNTIES.
The SPEAKER stated that the first bill on the
Speaker's table was an act (S. No. 140) for the
relief of the owners of the fishing schooners
Brandywine, Forrester, Grampus, Ursula, Ste-
phen C. Phillips, and Union, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, with the following
amendment:
In the following paragraph: " That the Sccietary of the
Treasuiy be, and is hcieb\, authorized and directed to pay,
out of any money in the Tie<i*uiy not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the owners of the several schooners heieinai'ter
mentioned the following sums respectively, as fishing
bounty;" alter the word "owners" insert these words:
—"master and crew of the said vessel, to be distributed
in the proportion m which said bounties would have been
distributed if the &aid vessel had made &uch a cruise as
would have entitled her to bounty."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. McMULLlN. Is it in order to amend
the amendment of the Committee of the Whole
House ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the call
for the previous question be not sustained.
Mr. McMULLlN. I appeal, then, to the gen-
tleman from Illinois to withdraw the call for the
previous question, in order that I may submit an
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This ques-
tion has been fully discussed in the Committee
of the Whole House, and I cannot withdraw the
call for the previous question. The gentleman
had ample opportunity to sethis views before the
House.
Mr. McMULLlN. I gave notice, while this
bill was under consideration in the Committee
of the Whole House, of an intention, when I had
the opportunity, to test the sense of the House
on the question of repealing the general law
granting these fishing bounties; and I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the call, to enable me to
do so at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I decline to
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 hope, then, that it will
not be sustained.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that the bill
be laid upon the table.
Mr. McMULLlN demanded the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered-
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Cocock, Branch, Cailile, Chngman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craigc, Cullen, Davidson, Jacob
C. Davis, Day, Denver, Dowdeil, Edmundson, Edwards,
Elliott, Erauc, English, Etheridge, Evans, Faulkner, Gar-
nett, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Hairis, I-Iaven,
Thomas R. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Ktfitt. Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeMulhn, McQueen, Kil-
lian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,Moore, Morrison, Paine,
Peck, Pettit, Phelps, Powell, Purvcar, Quitman, Reade,
Ready, Rivers. Ruffim Rust,, Scott, Seward, Simmons,
Samuel A. Surffchj William Smith, "William. K- Smith,.
Sneed,"Stanton, Stephens! Stewart, SwOp6,'Talbott, Tay-
lor* Thurston, Trippe, Underwood, v ail, walker,'Watkins,
Wheeler, Whitney,\Villiams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Baffin-
ton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.Campbell •
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Craginj
Cum&ack, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson?'
Dodd, Dunn, Etisus, Fiaglfer, Florence, Henry M. Fuller,)
Giddings, Robert B. Hall, Harrison, Hodges, IloHoway,
Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, Kennett, Knapp, Knight,
Knox, Mace, McCarty, Mill ward, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton,Pennington, Perry,
Pike, Porter, Pringle, Purviance, Robbins, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Sherman, Spinner, Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Traf-
ton, wad£, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—81.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr, BENNETT, of Mississippi, stated that
his colleague [Mr. Barksdale] was confined to
his room by illness, and unable to attend the
sessions of the House. %
Mr. EVANS made the same statement in
behalf of his colleague, [Mr. Bell.]
Mr. SMITH , of Virginia, moved that the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table be recon- .
sidered; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASBURY DICK1KS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next bill of a
private nature on the Speaker's table was a bill
(C. C. No. 2) for the relief of Asbury Oicldns,
which had been reported from the Committee of
the Whole House, with the recommendation that
it be rejected.
Mr. HAVEN. There were a number of adverse
reports from the Court of Claims preceding this
on the Calendar, which were directed to be
reported to the House, with the recommendation
that the decisions of the court be affirmed, and I
conceive they ought to be first acted on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presented this to
the House under the supposition that bills ought
to be first acted on. The adverse reports will
then be taken up for consideration.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, I want the atten-
tion of the House only a few moments in refer-
ence to this bill. I have no interest in this claim,
in the amount proposed to be appropriated, or
the person to whom it is to be paid. My only
reason for troubling the House is, because of its
connection with the Court of Claims.
I do not often interfere in the discussion of pri-
vate claims, but I have been very careful to watch
the decisions of that court in all cases which
have been under its consideration. The useful-
ness of that court, I think, depends very much
upon the question whether Congress sustains it
in all its decisions that are in accordance with
law.
This claim has been before that court—has
been there fully argued both upon the law and
the facts, and that court has reported to Congress
that the petitioner is, upon legal principles, enti-
tled to the relief he claims.
That report of the Court of Claims has been
referred to the Committee of Claims, and that
committee has, in a printed opinion of five pages
in length, undertaken to review the decision of
the court, and has, for its rendered reasons, rec-
ommended to us that we overrule the decision of
the court.
Unless the Court of Claims decides entirely
and clearly contrary to well-settled principles of
law, I hold that the public interest requires that
we affirm its decisions.
If this case had not been acted upon by the
court, most likely I should not have scrutinized
the opinion of the committee very closely, and I
think very probably I should nave concurred
with the committee; but, from my interest in the
court, having been led to look more carefully to
its decision, certified to us in this case, and also
into the attempted review of that decision by the
Committee of Claims—which they declare is
unanimous—I feel bound to say I think the court
is legally, technically right in its decision, as
the law now is; and so far as I am enabled to
judge, the Committee of Claims is clearly wrong,
and in error. Of course I make this statement
with entire respect for every member of that
committee.
