m
THE CONGrRESSlONiil^ GLOBE.
January 17,
from New York, that, while the Senate undertook
to pass a biil in obedience to this report from the
Court of Claims, they came to the conclusion
tha t a double salary was unlawful. And they accord-
ingjy agreed to strike out one of these salaries
before they passed the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The bill referred to by
the gentleman does meet with the objection he
states; but the bill which passed the Senate in
1854 does not provide for double salary. It is as
follows:
u An act for the relief of Asbury Dickins.
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the proper,accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they are hereby, authorized and required
to account \yith and allow to Asbury Dickins, late chief
clerk in the Treasury Department and late chief clerk in
the Department of State, for the time he discharged the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury Department or Secre-
tary of the Department of State, by appointment from Pres-
ident Jackson, the same compensatiou as was then allowed
bylaw to the heads of those Departments, deducting there-
from the compensation received by the said Anbury Dickins,
as chief clerk of either of those Depaitments, during the
same time—the same to ^be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
"Passed the Senate March 10, 1854.
"Attest: ASBURY DICKINS, Secretary."
Mr. LETCHER. He has already received
his pay as chief clerk under the law. That we
have nothing- at all to do with. If there were a
law authorizing him to receive pay as Secretary
of State or Secretary of the Treasury, application
therefor would have been made at the time under
the law, the money would have been paid, and
we never should have heard of this case in the
House.
Now let "me proceed. On the 27th day of July,
1789, tie act to organize the State Department
and the act organizing the Treasury Department
was passed. In the second section of the act
establishing the State Department, it is provided
that—
" There sliall be in the said Department an inferior offi-
cer, to be appointed by the said principal officer''—
that is, the Secretary of State—
"and to be employed t'lerem as he slip.ll tkciri proper,
and be called the chief clerk of the Department of Foiessn
Affairs, and who, whenever the said principal officer uiall
lieremoved by the President of the United States, orm any
Other ease of vacancy"—
mark the language—
"or in any otjier 'ease of vacancy, sliall. during such
vacancy, have the charge jjnd custody of all the records,
books, and papers appertaining to the said Department."
Now, sir, when there is a head of the Depart-
ment, that head is to be selected by the President
of the United States. That head of Department
is admitted to the council board of the President,
and is to be consulted with regard to matters
appertaining to the legitimate duties devolved on
the President ofthe United States. Now, I should
like to know of my friend from New York,
when Mr. Dickins, under any one of these tem-
porary "appointments, was ever called to the
council board of the President, there to be con-
sulted as Secretary of State. If he was Secre-
tary of State —if he occupied that relation at the
time—if he is entitled to the emolument apper-
taining to that office, he is entitled also to be con-
sulted at the council board, and to be the repos-
itory of the trust which is incident (o the position
of the head of the Department, and which attaches
to it legitimately. Will it be pretended that at
any time when ne was serving as such temporary
officer — sometimes one day, sometimes three
days, sometimes ten days, and sometimes for a
longer period as temporary head—he, as head ;
of the Department, applied to be admitted to the i
council board of the President, or that the Pres- i
ident himself ever attempted to introduce him I
there in the capacity of a constitutional adviser ? |
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman desires an i
answer, I will say that the eighth section of the
law says that he—the President—may select any
person or persons to discharge the duties of that
office. If the duties of the office required him to
enter the council chamber, I have no doubt he
discharged his duties in that respect. There is
no proof as to what particular duty or duties he
discharged. He performed all the duties which
devolved upon the office. He was Secretary of
State for the time being, sharing in the responsi-
bilities, and entitled to the emoluments. And
let me say, that a warrant if.Fu.-rl by him as Sec-
retary of State would has-c been as peifi-ct a pro-
tection to the man who acted under it, or invoked
its authority to protect him, as the warrant or
authority of any man who held the office by
being constitutionally appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall get to that eighth
section after a while. I have not gut that fur on
in my remarks yet; but I wmit to know, if ail
these things were done by him, why it is that all
the evidence is not upon the record, to demon-
strate the fact, and to show that he really per-
! formed every duty which legitimately attached to
the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of the
| Treasury?
i Now, sir, I take issue with my friend from New
| Yorkuponanotherground. Thereisnolawwhich
I authorizes the Presidentof the United States " to
! appoint" any man to fill a vacancy. If you will
look at the terms of the section to Which "the gen-
tleman has referred, in regard to supplying tem-
porary vacancies, you will find that the terms
" authorized, in the absence of the head, "are used,
and not the term "appoint." Now", what is the
reason of the rule? It is simply this: if the Sec-
retary of State is absent for a day or two, or for
a week, from sickness or any other rause, there
are papers to be signed: there are writings to be
executed; there is to be a supervision over the
entire office; and it is for the purpose of protect-
ing these papers, of ascertaining whether a regu-
lar discharge of duties has occurred in the mean
time, and that there may be some one to sign and
answer papers in the Secretary's absence, that
this power is given to the President.
Now let us look to the act organizing the
Treasury Department. The first section of that
act authorizes the President—
: to appoint a Secretary of the Treasury, to be deemed
the head of the Department, a Comptroller, an Auditor, a
i Treasurer, a. Register, and an Assistant Secretary of the
( Treasury, which Assistant shall be appointed by the said
i Secretary of the Treasury."
j Let us see what are the duties of this Assist-
| ant, who is nothing more than the chief clerk.
: In the seventh section it is provided:
| " Whenever the Secretary of State shall he removed from
; office by the President of the Uijit"d States, or ill any other
case of cmancM in the office of Secretary, the Assistant
, shall, daring the vacancy, have the charge and custudy of.
l tiic lecoids, books, and papers appertaining to tile said
office''—
; showing that his business is the same in both i; section
! Departments.
; Mr. PAINE. From what act does the gentle
' man read?
!| authenticating properly the necessary papers to
■I keep up, the regular business of the Department
;i . During the administration oT General Jackson"
:| it occurred that an appointment was made of one
lj Secretary in the temporary absence of another
11 to perform the duties of the office so temporarily
vacated; and at that time the custom grew up by
which the temporary occupant of the office was
allowed to receive pay for the additional services
thus performed in superintending the duties of a
Department to which he had not been legally as-
i; signed. If I recollect aright, sir, the present
ii Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, for whom
j! I have as high a respect as any man, and Mr.
j! Benjamin P. Butler, of the State of New York,
i1 were two of the Cabinet at that time; and in the
absence of some member of the Cabinet, Mr.
Butler was assigned to superintend his Depart-
ment, and during that absence he received the
compensation. If I mistake not, also, it will be
found that during the time of the service of the
|! Chief Justice, he, for the performance of like
j; temporary duties, received the same compensa-
|| tion for the time being, in addition to his salary.
!j Now, sir, in 1841, at the session of Congress
ji which then commenced, when, perhaps, a party
11 of greater ability than any other that has ever
i! assembled in this House was returned to it as the
|! representatives of the people, embracing avast
:j number of men whose names I might enumerate
if I chose, they commenced an assault on what
ii they called the misconduct and corruptions of the
j| preceding Administrations; and among other
j, grounds of assault, was the application of money
(i to the payment of double salaries to individuals
1 who had held office under those Administration?.
I You will recollect, sir, that in the m's-sioh of 1842
I a committee on retrenchment was funned in this
: House, at the head of which, if I mistake not,
j was a distinguished gentleman from my own
| State, [Mr. Summers;] and that during the dis-
i cussions on that subject, these and other things
| in reference to the application and disbursement
j of the contingent fund became subjects of contro-
! versy arid debate; and so impressed was the Con-
I gress of the United States at that time with the
!j impropriety of this course of conduct, that it
; passed another law, which was approved August
l| 23, 1842, and from which I will read the second
i Mr. LETCHER. From the act of September
' 2, 1789. I wiil go on with my historical refer-
; ence to these acts. The act of May 8, 1792,
' contained an eighth section in these words:
"That on the death, ab-"nce from the seat of Govern-
ment. or sickness, of the Seeietary ot State, Secretary of
the Treasury, oi :hc Secretin j- of tile War Department, or
of an officer of either of said Departments, who-e appoint-
ment is not m tile liead theieof, wherciiv ther eannoc per-
form tiie dimes of tiie,r said rc.-pective offices, it shall be
lawful for ! :(' President of the Unued States, in ca<e be
shall thmk it necessary'"—
to do what?
;
i " to authorire any person or poison:*. -it his di^eiotion, to
i perforin the duties of tiie said respective ofTiee? until a suo-
! cessor be appointed, or until such absence or inability by
; sickness shall cease."
| Now, sir, I ask if it is not apparent, from the
. very language employed in that act, that it was
not intended to commission another officer to take
his place, and to be entitled to his pay and emolu-
ments while the pay and emolument of the office
was going to the other officer during his absence?
There was no vacancy in the case, ft was nothing
but a temporary absence. The office was still
filled; and while it was still filled you authorized
another to do the duties of the office which was
then occupied by one who was merely absent for
the time being. Then, when they speak of giving
the President authority to select an individual
during such temporary abscncc, they do not give
to him the authority which is contended for by
my fhend from New York, viz: to ajipoint another
Secretary of tile Treasury, or another S> cretery '
of State, both of those otneeis at tl.e same time i
drawing from the Treasury th.-ir regular salaries. '
It was intended rnerjy to s'rt; that absence, f
arid to furnish an individual to'iieve el.arjte of the j
office in the moan time, m ordf,r to preserve the I
records and papers, and to see th.'it the rluth s of !
the office, were legitimately and faithfully dis- j
charged, merely by affixing'his signature to, and .
| <£ That no officer in any branch of the public service, or
| any other person, whose s-alary, pay, or emoluments is or
■ are fixed by law or regulation, .<haU receive any additional
i pay. extra allowance, or compensation., in any Jorm whatso-
ever.« for thttflifeburroment ot public money, "or/or any other
service or duty whatsoever, unless tkeiaine shall be authorized
\ bijlf/'v, and the ajqrro/rriation therefor explicitly set forth
\ that it is for such additional 'pay, extia allowance, or com-
- pensation }>
! Mr. HAVEN, (interrupting.) The gentleman
j will be kind enough—if there be anybody in the
j House who does not understand it—to state that,
: so far as this claim is concerned, this statute was
; passed years after all of these services were ren-
dered.
| Mr. LETCHER. I will come to that presently.
! I have not forgotten that point. I expected it to be
ij raised on me. This law was approved 23d Au-
I gust, 1842. It is on page 510, vol. 5, of the Stat-
utes atLarge. [To a Member.] That lawis in
force now. [To another Muibeii.] The Secre-
tary of the Treasury had nothing to do with any
provision in this law, for it did not moot the case
which he was debating with the Committee of
;, Ways and Means. But Con^r^ss passed another
|j act at the same session, in terms still more ex-
II plicit if possible, the twelfth section of which is
|j as follows:
[j '-Jlnd be if fmther rnncfrtU That no allowance or eompen-
|! satjon «-hali be made to any clci k. or other o[Hrcr, by rea^yji
!oi'th" di-cbai of' (hiti x* which belom; to any other clerk
or officer in the. s-nnr or any other D/'pnrtmerit \ and no
allowance or eomp'Touhon <hall be marie for any extra
1 sen if ct whale i cr which an\ clerk or other officer fnay be
■ req!i ied to pt;i form.** (timtute.-; at La rye, vol. 5, p. 525.)
: It is plain, therefore, that Congress intended
to cut fins Jtlmso up by the roots. Butmy friend
from Xtw York [Mr. Ha.vjl:k] says, "Your law
j will not do." These services were rendered
! prior to 1842. Well, let me see if the law passed
J ^Jth April, 1818, will do. The ninth section of
; that act is in these words:
| dnd br it further emoted. That the compensation allowed
! by this a«n *•> clerk* shall commence Trommel aftertfje aist
, <uy «>f Muit'h lar't; and it bhal! the tlut> of the rieere-
* tane.* for tlif* Dspmimeti1 ? of Stale, Trc<unry% War,
f ?>avy7 of the ConnuHruonnrs of the Navy and the Tost-
