1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®>
master General, to report to Congress at the beginning of
cach \ear tiic names of the clerks they have employed
respectively m the preceding year, together with the time
each cletk was actually employed during the year, and the
sums paid to each ; and no higher or other allowance shall
be mwU to i'ny rlerl; in the said Departments and ojjlccs than
is authorized by this act.
No other pay than as clerk. That is the con-
struction. The whole spirit of the lav/—the terms
of the law—that " no higher or other allowance
shall be made to any clerk," seems tome to be
clearly conclusive that, in 1818, Congress intended
to cut off this double compensation, or this extra
compensation, 111 every shape and form in which
it could be presented.
Well, from 1818 down to 1849 we hear nothing
more about it until the acts of 1812 are passed,
under the circumstances to which 1 have before
referred and quoted.
But, again, sir. These services for which this
pay is claimed commenced on the 25th April,
1829. During that year there were thirty-two
days of this temporary service. During the year
1830 there were none. In 1831 there were fifty-
six days' service. In 1832 there were thirty-six
days' service. In 1833 there were only six days'
service—making one hundred and thirty days
from 1829 to 1833 inclusive. That was in the
Department of the Treasury.
Then the accountgoes on m the same way with
reference to his scrvice in the State Department,
the claim for these services beginning in 1829
and ending in 1836. Now, if these services were
rendered on an understanding at the*ime, ex-
pressed or implied, that there was to bo compen-
sation made for them, then I ask why was not
that compensation demanded at the Treasury De-
partment, or at the door of Congress, before an
interval of nineteen years had elapsed' Is it
not evident that when the services were required
and performed, both parties were aware of the
existence of the law of ISlti, and that its provis-
ions positively prohibited such payment for extra
or increased service. Hence this remarkable de-
lay in making the demand.
The fust application was made to the Treasury
Department, if I recoh'cct aright, (and if I am
mistaken some of my friends will corrcctmc,) in
the year 1848—application for compensation for
services rendered in 1829. There was no appli-
cation to Congress at that time. At the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Third Congress we hear of
this application for the first time. If payment
for these services was understood to be due from
the employer to the employe, how is it that no
claim has been set up until after this long interval
of years? I should like" to hear some explana-
tion of this from my friend from New York.
Why this delay ? He seems to think it is a clear
" legal claim," founded on a particular section of
the law? If so, why has its payment never been
demanded until the year 1846?
Mr. HAVEN. &ly fticnd will pardon me in
a suggestion. There is no use in his inquiring
of me the details in this case. No man on earth
has spoken to me of it; and I know nothing of it
except what I have seen in the papers with the
report. My remarks were made simply because
I want to sustain the Court of Claims, for the
reason that I think their decision is based on legal
grounds. We passed a bill this morning for tiie
relief of the heirs of Major General Arthur St.
Clair, paying them a debt which has been run-
ning for fifty years. Indeed, some bad claims are
paid early, and the payment of some good ones
long delayed.
Mr. LETCIIER. Rut the claim of the heirs
of General St. Clair was not founded on a written
law, which th* parties knew to be in existence.
Now, if this claim is well founded, it is based on
a- law that has been in existence and on the
statute-book, accessible to this petitioner, for
many long years; yet, during ail that time,
with the services rendered, and the law before
him, which my friend says gives him a legal
right to the pay, there is no application for com-
pensation to Congress, or even to any officer of
the Treasury Department, until 1848. And not
only so, but he has been in office ever since in the
other end of the Capitol, and has quietly slept
over his rights. No demand has been made until
1848 at the Treasury. I ask some gentleman to
explain how this is, and why it is?
It seems to me, then, sir, when you come to
look at this claim, that, so far from being a cVal-
leged demand, as insisted upon by my friend from
New York, it is, to say the very least, an exceed-
ingly doubtful claim; and, so far as we can judge
of its legality, or of its propriety, the action of
the party seems to me to be a conclusive circum-
stance to be weighed in connection with the law
of 1818 and the laws of 1842, prohibiting double
compensations to Imn or any other clerk.
But let us see how this doctrine of my friend
from NewYorkisgoin* to operate. I have heard
it said repeatedly, and have no doubt of the fact,
that in the Departments of this Government $1,200
clcrks are now discharging the duties of $1,800
desks, and vice versa. If double compensation is
to be allowed in this case, is it not right, then,
that some provision should be made in such cases
as these, too? Then, again, there is hardly a day
there is not so^ie one or more of the clerks in
some one of the Departments of this Government
absent, on account of sickness, or some other
cause, and the labors of his or their desks are
kept up by their colleagues and friends. Why,
then, is there no provision for paying for this
double labor also ?
My friend says, by way of sustaining his po-
sition, that m a preceding administration, while
the Secreinry of State*waq absent, Mr. Critten-
den discharged his duties, and while so doing
prepared some of the ablest papers in connection
with the foreign affairs of the country. Did Mr.
Crittenden ever ask for pay for these services?
Yet is he not as much entitled to it, if the gentle-
man's argument be true, as Mr. Dickins, or any
other chief clerk? For if the laws of 3842 cut
off Mr. Crittenden from increased pay, the law
of 1818 eat off Mr. Dickins from increased pay
also.
lie performed the labor; and the gentleman
says " the laborer is worthy of his hue." The
laborer hns received his lure as provided by law.
If one officer is entitled to pay beyond and in
violation of the law, why are not all others?
Why make ilesh of one and fish of another?
Why not establish some general rule that will do
equal and exact justice to all—not only the higher,
but also the lower grades of officials?
The doctrine contended for by the gentleman
from New York may lead, and must lead, to very
great abuses, if it shall be adopted. I know, and
he knows, of men who have capacity, mental
and physical, for labor winch would enable them
to discharge the duties ol two or three desks in
the Departments, employed as they are only
from nine to three o'clock daily. If they can
and do perform this labor, why is it they shall
not come in under the principles he lays down
as sound principles, for double or even triple com-
pensation for double or triple service ? Is there
any reason which authorizes a distinction to be
made against them, and in favor of those who
occupy higher positions under the Government?
It seems to me not. Any reasoning which will
sustain the one will as clearly sustain the other
position.
It is not unreasonable to suppose that, in the
long period of Mr. Diclnns's connection with the
State and Treasury Departments, hi4 was some-
times absent from sickness, or other cause,. If
so, who performed the duties of chief clerk on all
such occasions? Was any person paid for those
services—and if so, whom, and wh.it amountdid
he receive? Is not such substitute of Mr. Dick-
ins entitled to the pay for The services thus ren-
dered, upon evej y principle on which the claim
of Mr. Dtckms rests? And then, besides, I
would like to know whether Mr. Dickens has at
any time mad'; a reduction froui his salary as
chief clerk, when he was absenUVom the duties
of his desk, and when those duties were performed
by another person ?
But my friend says I introduced a bill for the
relief ot Wai-am Carey Jones, for services ren-
dered m California. I did not introduce the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman will pardon
me, I simply stated that I believed he moved a
reconsideration, m order to bring the bill back
before the House.
Mr. LETCH EH. No, sir. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] moved the reconsid-
eration; but I voted for that bill, and will do
the same tiling again under like circumstances.
Let us see what are the facts in regard to that
case. The heads of Departments ot the Govern-
rneti', oy
Ire <hI\;cc and coiKinrvnce of the Fres-
! ident I apprehend, ascertaining, when a portion
1 of Mexico became a part of this Government,,
that there was an imperfect knowledge in regard^
to the land titles, or as to the manner in which,
her grants of lands had previously been made?
in the absence of all knowledge of that country, ■
then about to become incorporated into the United
States, and a necessity existing for private knowl-.
edge, and Congress not being in session, ap- .
pointed Mr. William Carey Jones to go to Cali-
fornia upon an assurance that he should receive
a fair compensation for collecting the necessary
information in regard to the grants made by the
several Governments which preceded ours. He
collected that information, and they promised to
bring his case to the attention of Congress for
such a compensation as might be deemed proper.
It was so brought,_ and a compensation was
allowed for the services so rendered. He held
no office. It was nothing more than a temporary
position of confidence and trust. If my friend
from New York will take the trouble to look at
the correspondence upon that subject between
Mr. Butterfield and the head of the Interior De-
partment, he will find that thcr object of that mis-
sion was to collect information and furnish it to
the Government. Now I see no sort of analogy
between that case and the one under considera-
tion. Mr. Jones held no office under this Gov-
ernment, and had no connection with it any way
in the world, until this relation of confidence and
trust was established between him and the Gov-
ernment for this special purpose alone.
But this bill is only the pioneer of a long train
that arc to follow. There are two others imme-
diately upon the heels of it on the Private Calen-
dar—one the case of Michael Nourse, and the bill
for the rohttf of Mr. ltobb; and there are others
under consideration before the appropriate com-
mittees. If it is to become a settled practice that
men are to receive double compensation for double
services, you will find before long that the num-
ber will multiply to a very serious extent. And
then, besides that, while those parties are per-
forming the duties of the higher office—that of
Secretary of State or Secretary of the Treasury—
who is performing the duties of the chief clerk-
ship? who is performing the duties immediately
below him? and so on, regularly going down
through all the grades, all of who.se duties may
have been changed for the time being, in order
! that all may be compensated for the double ser-
vices they have rendered.
It strikes me that the Secretary of State or Sec-
retary of the Treasury, atany period of time from
1829 to the present day, would have as much as
he could discharge without the duties of chief
clerk annexed to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I see in this bill a provision
for the payment of a small amount, some $261,
for services as chief clerk. It assumes to cover
the same time as that when he was performing
services in the higher capacity. What 1 want to
know is, whether this is intended to pay him as
clcrk when he was not performing any of those
other duties? And again, whether he has been
paid as chief clerk during all the time covered by
this bill5
Mr. LETCHER. Unquestionably he was, for
I there was an annual appropriation to pay the
salaries of clcrks under the Government.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would ask another ques-
tion—whether the committee do right in recom-
mending that the bill be not passed? Why not
deduct what has been paid for nominal services
as an inferior officer out of the compensation that
he is in equity entitled to for what he did as
superior officer? I am as much opposed to double
! compensation as the gentleman can be, but I am
in favor of single compensation for services actu-
ally rendered.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I suppose, as a mat-
ter of course, the gentleman from New York is
to pay somebody for rendering the services as
chief clerk, while Mr. Dickins was occupying
the higher place, and then following up that, he
would pay the next inferior clerk performing the
duties of the chief clerk, and so on, causing a
change m the clerkships all the way down through
the Department.
Mr. SIMMONS. That would be if we al-
lowed double salaries.
Mr. LETCHER. The Secretary of State was
paid during all the time, and now you would pay
