362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
another Secretary of State for identically the
same time. But I desire to know from the gen-
tleman, whether he is for carrying this thing all
the way out, or whether he will take care of the '
bi<r |is:'i, ;uk! leave the minnows to look out for
themselves? Are you for taking care of the
chief clerk of the Treasury Department, and
then leave all the subordinate clerks, where they
have performed other services, to get along as
best they can? Will he give them only their
regular pay, while he will assign increased pay to
chief clerks, or other officers of higher grade ?
It seems to me, that a rule which "is good for the
one ought to be as sound a rule for the other—
that if they can get payment for the performance
of the duties attaching to the higher grade of
clerks, payment for the performance of the duties
attaching to the lower grade of clerks ought also
to he decreed.
But then, again, does not the gentleman know
that when this chief clerkship was conferred it
was conferred on Mr. Dickins with the full
knowledge on his part of the duties incident to
the position ? Did he not know, and had he not
a right to expect, that during the period of that
service he would be called upon to attend to other
duties of a higher class to be devolved upon him
either by the sickness or temporary disability of
the head of the Deparment himself?
And then, besides all this—when you inaugu-
rate this principle here, you have to go back and
grant the like measure of relief to the subordinate
clerks. Many of those who would be entitled
under it are dead, and you would have to hunt
up their heirs, and apportion amongst them the
sum due to their ancestor for his extra duties
while in office. They are to be brought here,
and this thing is to be carried on regularly down
through a system of gradation until it embraces
all the parties who were in any way affected by
the principle which you propose to establish by
the passage of this bill.
Mr. SIMMONS, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man will understand that when Mr. Tyler came
in as actins President he ceased to perform the
duties of Vice President. He was only acting
President, but he was entitled to the $25,000 per
annum. So on the same principle the claimant
is entitled to compensation for the duty actually
performed in the higher position, and not for that
of the inferior one.
Mr. LETCHER. Unfortunatelyformyfriend's
illustration, it is not a see-saw like the present
case. Mr. Tyler did not go into the Presidency
and serve 'wo days, and then go back into the
Vice Presidency and serve two months. He was
not shifting back and forth from one to the other
position. But he went into the Presidency in
obedience to the provision of the Constitution,
which, in the absence or death of the President,
devolves the presidential duties on him. And
when Mr. Tyler went into the Presidency, his
compensation as President began, and his com-
pensation as Vice President ended*, and nobody
received the latter compensation until the Senate
of the United States elected a Vice President,
who stepped into his shoes.
Mr.SIMMONS. Does the gentleman say that
Mr. Tyler went in as President?
Mr. LETCHER. I say he went in as Pres-
ident, and you ought to be very much gratified at
it, for I have no doubt you helped to place him
in a position whore he might in a certain contin-
gency succeed to .the Presidency.
Mr.SIMMONS. The Constitution says that !
the Vice President shall perform the duties of j
President in the absence, disability, or death of !
the President. Suppose the President to be sick j
or insane: the Vice President would have to per- :
form the duties: and on that principle we should !
then have two Presidents. - i
Mr. LETCHER. We should hardly, I reckon, j
have two Presidents. I have not heard of an i
instance of that sort; but I have heard of a great j
many instances of the kind now under cohsidera- i
tion. But, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that it is
time we should settle this principle; that it is
wrong; that the sooner it is stopped the better
for the country, and the better for the interests
of the country; and whenever it is settled that
the Home will not pay salaries gotten up under
circumstances like this, I imagine you will see
fewer of this class of claims presented to the
House for adoption.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I have no intention of
entering into this discussion at any length. So
far as I am concerned, I am quite content to leave
the defense of the report of the Court of Claims
to the able and unanswerable argument of ray
friend from New York, [Mr. Havun.] If the
question now were, whether the judgment of the
Court of Claims shall be sustained, and Mr.
Dic.kins were here insisting upon his rights as
adjudicated by that court, I should most unhesi-
tatingly vote with the gentleman from New York
to confirm that judgment. The services for which
the compensation is claimed were rendered with
the ability and fidelity which have ever charac-
terized the claimant in the various situations he
has held under the Government; and the report
of the court rests, in my judgment, on sound
principles. But I am instructed bj#Mr. Dickins
to say, that he is perfectly satisfied to waive so
much of the amount reported by the Court of
Claims as will be covered by the deduction there-
j! from of his compensation as chief clerk during
■j the periods for which he is allowed the compensa-
j; tion of two offices. In other words, he is per-
ji fectly willing to receive the compensation of the
! higher office—that of acting Secretary—subject
i to the deduction of the amount which he has
already received for the lower office—that of chief
clerk. I propose, therefore, in conformity with
the wish of Mr. Dickins, to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, ana
inserting as a substitute the following:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they are hereby, required to account with
and allow to Asbury Dickins, late chief clerk m the Treas-
ury Department, and late chief clerk in tile Department of
State, for the time he discharged the duties of Secretary of
the Treasury Department, or Secretary of the Department
of State, by appointment from President Jackson, the same
compensation as was then allowed by law to the heads of
those Departments, deducting therefrom the compensation
received by the said Asbury Dickins, as chief clerk of either
of those Departments during the same time—the same to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and in full of all demands therefor.
The amendment which 1 offer is in the precise
terms of the bill from the Senate, by which it is
proposed to compensate Mr. Dickins for his
extra services, with the exception of the last line.
I have chosen to add the words " and in full of
all demands therefor," so that there shall be no
claim hereafter for any part of the compensation
claimed, and not now allowed. I beg leave to
state that this bill has passed the Senate, and has
been referred, in this House, to the Committee
of Claims, and that the Committee of Claims
have agreed to report the Senate bill, and will,
as I understand, report it as soon as they have
an opportunity to do so under the rules of the
House; so that the chief, and perhaps the only,
obstacle to the redress which Mr. Dickins asks
is removed by his waiving the claim for double
salary, which has been made the subject of so
much remark.
I wish to ask the attention of the House to a
precedent of this kind before I take my seat. I
refer to the act to compensate John M. Moore,
which was passed in the Thirtieth Congress, and
which may be found on page 759 of the ninth
volume of the Statutes at Large. It was approved
February 1, 1849, and reads thus:
"That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department be, and they are hereby, authorized and re-
quired to account with and allow to John M. Moore, late
chief clerk of the General Land Office, for the time he dis-
charged the duties of Commissioner of said office, the same
compensation as is allowed by lawto the Commissioner tor
those duties, to be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, deducting therefrom the com-
pensation received by said Moore during the said time as
chief clerk."
It will be seen that the language of this act is
almost identical with that of my amendment, and
is in substance exactly the same.
In the case of Moore, the Commissioner of the
Land Office received his salary during the same
time for which the chief clerk was allowed the
salary of Commissioner, deducting his salary as
e.lerk. And, more than that, our statutes are full
of instances in which Congress has given, to an
officer performing the duties of two distinct offices,
the higher salary, deducting the lower. Such is
the case in the various acts for the relief of charges
d'affaires oiHnimm. We have already, during the
present Congress, if I recollect rightly, passed bills
of that character, and during the'last Congress the
same thing was done. The principle on which
my amendment is based has bean recognized
repeatedly and uniformly by Congress; and this
bill, if so amended, will be made conformable to
the practice to which I refer, «nd satisfactory to
the claimant. I hope the amendment will be
adopted, and that in the amended shape the bill
1 may pass.
I Mr. LETCHER. With regard to the prece-
j dent referred to by the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, if I am rightly informed there was no per-
son in the higher office who had drawn the same
salary as was paid to the temporary occupant of
the commissionership. There is therefore a ma-
terial difference between that case and this.
Mr. WALKER. I would remind the gentle-
man from Virginia and the House of the bill
passed by Congress during the last session, for
the benefit of Mr. Pendleton, who held a subor-
dinate diplomatic post in one of the South Amer-
ican States. He was instructed to proceed to a
distant point beyond the sphere of his duties,
and there make a treaty; and Congress, at its last
session,passed a bill giving him additional com-
pensation for that service.
Mr. LETCHER. I did not vote for that bill,
so the gentleman's remark does not hit me. I
desire, before I take my seat, to suggest an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from New Jersey, and that is, to add at the close
of his amendment these words:
Provided, That the sum so paid to Mr. Dickins be charged
to the parties who filled the office of Secretary of State and
Secretary of the Treasury respectively at that time.
Mr. GI0DINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
attention of the House for a few moments only.
Although this question is a somewhat important
one, in my judgment it is plain and simple, and
is one on which every member who looks into it
must have a distinct and unhesitating opinion. It
admits of but little discussion. In relation to the
precedents that have been appealed to, let me say
that our committee sometimes make reports, and
those reports are acted on by the House without
discussion, investigation, or examination; and
when a bill passes in that way it constitutes no
precedent. Thus much in answer to the gentle-
man from New Jersey. But the precedents in
this case are clear, that whenever a vacancy
occurs, and a minor officer is exalted to that
vacancy, he draws the salary that is attached to
the higher office. Not so, however, where there
is no vacancy, but only an absence of the officer.
In that case two salaries are not paid—one to the
incumbent, and another to the subordinate officer,
besides his regular salary. This £ assert to have
been the practice since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. From 1794 to this day, Congress has
discarded the practice of paying double salaries.
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest to my col-
league, that in cases where one of our Ministers
abroad is absent from his post by reason of ill-
ness, or from any other cause, and the duties of
the legation are discharged by the secretary, there
is no deduction from the salary of the Minister;
but there is an addition to the salary of the secre-
tary for that time of the difference between the
higher and lower salaries. I wish to know of my
colleague, whether he knows of any case settled
on full discussion, except like the one I have
stated ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not know of any, nor
even any of the kind stated by my colleague.
Mr. HOUSTON. The class of cases referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan'tow,]
where increased salary is paid, are not as he
states them. They are cases where the office
devolves on the secretary of legation, after the
return of the Minister to the United States. They
are not all such, but nine out of ten are such
cases. .
Mr. STANTON. In the investigation of that
class of cases, and the precedents on which they
are founded, as a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, I find that the gentleman is mis-
taken. They arc numerous. Where the secretary
discharges the duty of the legation during the tem-
porary absence, by illness or otherwise, of the
Minister, the Minister draws his full salary; but
the secretary, besides his own, draws the differ-
ence between it and the salary of the Minister.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have never known three
cases of that sort during my service here.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If what my colleague says
be true, and double salaries are paid to foreign
agents, then such outrages on the Treasury
