1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
ought to be stopped. My recollection corresponds
with that of the gentleman from Alabama. I
may bo mistaken, however. I only speak of my
impression. But this question has nothing to do
with that now under consideration; nothing what-
ever. Here we have distinct, unequivocal law.
One word in regard to the Court of Claims
before I go further. I am a friend of that court.
I have encouraged it and wish to keep it in oper-
ation. I have opposed every effort to dissolve
it. I believe it is for the benefit of the country
that it should exist. But let me say that in order
to keep it in existence we must correct its errors.
If", on the contrary, we affirm them, then it will
be obliterated in three years. I am its friend, and
a friend to the circuit court referred to by the
gentleman from New York. But when I am
called on in my place here, and under oath, to act
on great and important principles settled for half
a century, I cannot go abroad to find what other
men say; I must take the practice—the uniform
practice of the body for my guide, and in this
case I am bound to maintain that practice. Since
this discussion commenced I have sent to the
room of the Committee of Claims for the records
of these cases. From 1794 to this day that com-
mittee have kept a record and journal of their
proceedings. They have endeavored, according
to the opinions of the best and ablest men in the
Union, to make a perfect system of decisionsand
precedents in claims before Congress. But, sir,
the Committee of Claims are but men jind they
are fallable, and they are sometimes le<raway by
the finer feelings of their natures, and commit
errors which are afterwards corrected by their
successors.
The only precedent I can find for this case is
one occurring in 1796, to which I ask the atten-
tion of the House. The yellow fever had then
driven most of the inhabitants from Philadelphia,
and most of the clerks of the Departments fled
for their lives, but there was a class of men who
remained and discharged all the duties of the
Treasury Department, doing treble and quad-
ruple duty. They met the epidemic. They en-
countered death in all its forms, through their
devoiion to this Government, and nearly one
half of them fell victims to the disease which
prevailed around them. Subsequently, those
of them who survived made a claim before Con-
gress for additional pay for these extra services.
The Committee of Claims, as I should probably
have been disposed to do myself, reported in
favor of it. That was in the earlier and better
days of the Republic. But when the bill came
before this House it was sternly and inflexibly
opposed by the early statesmen of our country.
They saw that they were setting a precedent for
future ages and generations. They were opposed
to double salaries, and they sternly refused every
cent of the extra compensation asked for.
Sir, we live in different times. Now, when a
man enjoying a salary of §6,000 happens to step
temporarily into the office immediately above him,
he immediately comes here and claims double
salary. 1 care not whether the Court of Claims
or any other court under heaven sanctions this
abuse of giving double salaries. I for one stand i
opposed to it now and forever. Sir, I will correct j
the abuses of the court; I will correct any error >
into which they may fall. j
I have labored herein the discharge of my con- |
gressional duties sixteen hours a day, month after j
month, and year after year. I do not believe that '
Mr. Dickins did more. While I only got $1,500
a year, he got $6,000. He says he is worth four
such men as me. Sir, I do not believe it.
Mr. Speaker, this subject early attracted the
attention of the nation. All history shows that
the administrators of Government are disposed to
deal out their favors to their friends. This arises
out of the best feelings of the heart, and it some-
times leads us astray from the stern duty we owe
the country, to our generation, and to posterity.
I have stated what were the early precedents on
this subject; but notwithstanding those prece-
dents, abuses crept in, and the Executive seemed
to forget both the la wand the practice.
The attention of the nation was called to the
subject. It is not the first time when the House
has had this subject under consideration. It has
excited attention heretofore, and I now call at-
tention to the law as it existed at the time when
these services were performed. The statute at
the time of Mr. Dickins's appointment entered
into and formed a part of his solemn compact
with the Government. My friend from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] has read the law; but 1 call the
attention of the House to it now, because I want
the particular ear of my Whig friends—who used
to be. [Laughter.] The first section of the law
of 1818 authorizes the Secretary of State to em-
ploy one chief clerk, and then goes on to provide
for other appointments. After providing for all
the Departments, and for the services of the
clerks m all the Departments, it concludes in
these words:
" And no higher or other allowance shall be made to any
clerk in the said Departments and offices than is authorized
by this act; and all acts and parts of acts rnconsistent wjUi
the provisions of this act are hereby repealed."
Now, sir, if the English language admits of
any stronger or plainer expression than that
used in that statute, then I have not commenced
yet the study of the elements of the English lan-
fuage. When Asbury Dickins entered upon the
ischarge of the duties of chief clerk, and took
the oath of office, he swore that he would receive
no other compensation than that allowed by the
statute I have read. It formed the very essence
of his contract. It came right home to him, and
was the gist of the whole of the contract. Under
that statute, he went on and performed services,
and during the absence of the Secretary he went
into his office, and performed the duties pertain-
ing to that office. As was well said by one gen-
tleman, a member goea into your chair, and per-
forms your duties in your absence, and if this
case is sustained, those gentlemen thus occupy-
ing your chair temporarily might come forward
and claim double compensation for so doing.
There is nothing more or less of this case.
Mr. SIMMONS. They must deduct the glory
of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. G1DDINGS. Under this law abuses crept
in, as under previously existing laws; and in
1840, on every stump in Ohio and Pennsylvania,
wherever I went, I made this issue with the Dem-
ocratic party, and denounced them from one end
of the country to the other for encroachments
upon the Treasury for the purpose of sustaining
the Democratic party; arid you, my Whig friends,
did the same thing, and I am a little afraid that
these very Democrats we then drove from office
and power are this day better upon this question
than my old Whig friends. I hope they are not.
I repeat, that in this Hall, and in the country, on
every occasion, these abuses were denounced with
inimitable power and thrilling eloquence, and we
succeeded in driving the Democrats from office.
I denounced the Administration for this very
abuse; and to-day I say, before heaven and earth,
that any Administration or any party which sus-
tains such abuses ought to be driven from power.
When you tell me that the Court of Claims,
or the courts of the United States, have made a
decision, ( say to you that your courts ought to
read the law, and ought to know its express pro-
visions. They ought to look at the statutes under
which services are performed; and when gentle-
men overrule the Committee of Claims, who have
spent anxious days and sleepless nights in main-
taining the integrity of this Government, I call
their attention to the facts.
At this point Mr. Giddings was compelled,
by sudden indisposition to resume his seat, and
immediately thereafter fell senseless to the floor.
Great confusion prevailed in the Hall; and while
the Speaker, by great exertion, succeeded in
restoring partial order, the friends surrounding
Mr. G. conveyed his helpless form to the rear of
the Speaker's chair, where medical aid was
promptly afforded him.
Ana then, on motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia,
(at two o'clock and forty-five minutes,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 19,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. StefhenP. Hill.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS OF SENATORS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
credentials of the Hon. James A. Bayard, elect-
ed a Senator by the Legislature of Delaware for
the term of six years, to commence on the 4th day
of March next.
He also presented the credentials of the Hon.
Martin W. Bates, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of Delaware to fill the vacancy occasioned
by the death of the Hon. John M. Clayton. ■
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented three petitions of
citizens of Michigan, prkying that the act grant-
ing land to the State of Michigan for railroads
in that State may be so amended as to include a
railroad from White Pigeon to Traverse Bay and
the Straits of Mackinaw; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Mississippi, praying that the town of Biloxi,
in that State, may be made a port of entry; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, for the establishment of a mail route from
Oak Hill to Marion, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That John W. Skidmore have leave to with-
draw the papers on the files of the Senate relating to his
claim.
SALARIES OF REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be In-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salaries of registers and receivers of the several land offices
in the United Slates from $500 per annum, as fixed by the
statute of April 20,1818, to $1,000.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,announced that the
House had passed the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 505) for the relief of John
L. Vattier;
A bill (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of the heirs
of Jacques Godfroy;
A bill (H. R. No. 511) granting a ppnsion to
Martha Elliott, widow of Samuel Elliott, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No: 514) for the relief of Tarranca"
Kirby;
A bill (H. R. No. 515) for the relief of John
Draut;
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the benefit of Wil-
liam L. Oliver;
A bill (H. R. No. 524) foe the relief of Ben-
jamin R. Gantt;
A bill (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of the
officers and privates of the Clinton Guards, of
the county of Macomb, in the State of Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of John
Hauser;
A bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of Samuel
S. Haight.
A bill (PI. R. No. 517) granting a pension to
Franklin W. Armstrong, of Hardin County,
Kentucky;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of Mary
S. Swan;
Also, that they had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 226)
to authorize the legal representatives of Pascal L.
Cerre to enter certain lands in the State of Mis-
souri; and had passed the bill (S. No. 319) for
the relief of the heirs of Major General Arthur
St. Clair, and the bill (S. No. 363) to procure a
bust in marble of the late Chief Justice John
Rutledge.
Also, that the House insisted on its amendment
to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 296) for the re-
lief of Sally T. Mathews.
JAMES M. LINDSAY.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to move a recon-
sideration of a couple of private bills which were
acted on on Friday last by mistake. Both bills
were from the Courtof Claims. One of them waa
passed, and the other was " postponed until to-
morrow." The Court of Claims, under the act
establishing it, reports to both Houses, and in
that way sometimes the bills get into confusion.
I move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of James M. Lind-
say was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
