1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
to commit defalcations to the extent of at least one half of
the receipts of ihe office, without the possibility of proof
against me. No man ought to be exposed to so great a
temptation as this. Many men will certainly yield to it;
and those who do not yield will find it difficult to make
their integrity manifest, i may remark, also, that the con-
sular business, especially at * * *,-requires such spccial
instruction and familiarity that a head-clerk of long stand-
ing will be altogether a greater man than the consul until
tiifi latter shall have been a year or two in office."
I beg leave, in elosing this communication, to remark,
that the present law is the result of the patient and careful
investigation of two committees in each branch of Con-
giess, who have had the subject under consideration through
two successive Congresses. It is to be supposed that they
have examined the whole consular system in all its com-
plicated ramifications with much circumspection, and have
endeavored carefully to adapt the new paru of the system
to the old unrepealed provisions of law; but as the act only
went into operation on the 1st instant, no information can
yet be given of its practical working. Until, therefore, an
oppo.tunity shall have been afforded of submitting the act
to the test of time and experience, it is respectfully §ug-
. gested, with deference to the wisdom of Congress, that its
' provisions relating to consular pupils remain, for the present,
undistuibed.
(transmit herewith, for your further information, a copy
of the consular legulations, and invite your attention to
. the seventh chapter on consular pupils.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
VV. L.MARCY.
Hon. R. M.T. IIunter, Chairman of Committee on Finance,
United States Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I think this is a very doubtful
experiment. It is an appropriation of $25,000
for the salaries of consular pupils to be appointed
by the President. It is the establishment of
new offices, of inferior grade to be sui£. I think
the President already has sufficient patronage—
enough to break defwn any man in the first two
•or three years of an Administration. So far as
the new consular bill has worked, if there is
much good in it that good is yet to be manifested.
Up to this time it has not been manifested. The
appropriation now asked is $25,000. That is a
mere beginning; and it is to establish a sort of
school in which we are to educate gentlemen to
demand offices—foreign consulates—and their ap-
pointment is to be in the hands of the President.
It strikes me as being a very doubtful matter of
experiment. I understand, too, that the House
of Representatives have rejected this item after a
great deal of deliberation. My own opinion is
that it is a bad one, and especially so if you give
the appointment to the President. Jf they are to
be selected, trained up to become consuls, and
the expense of training and educating them for
that purpose is to be paid by the Government,
they ought by all means to be appointed by the
consuls themselves.
I can see no reason for this appropriation, in
the extract in the letter of the Secretary of State,
given from some consul. He says he might, by
selecting clcrks of his own, cheat the Govern-
ment. In the name of common sense, do they
not do that now? What security is there in
having the appointment made by the President?
These offices will be greatly sought after. The
President will be annoyed with importunities to
appoint this man and that man; and there will be
a kind of discordance in the offices. A gentle-
man is sent out as a consul at an important point,
and the President sends a young man who has
been selected by political influence to act as a
confidential clerk. The young gentleman, does
not owe his. appointment to the consul. The
man who is responsible for the discharge of the
duties of the office has not the selection of this
individual; but he owes his appointment to a for-
eign source, and there would be clearly, in my
opinion, a jarring between the duties of the two.
If we are to try the experiment at all, I propose
that we shall allow consuls to appoint these per-
sons; and I move that amendment.
Mr. MASON,(Mr. Foot occupying the chair.)
The United States some two years ago passed a
general law remodeling both the diplomatic and
the consular system of the United States. There
were many provisions in that law relating to the
diplomatic system, and many provisions relating
to the consular system, about which a great deal
of very considerate doubt was entertained in both
Houses; but it was considered that both systems,
which had been in operation for many years,
required reorganization, and the law passed with
many imperfections—at least many clauses con-
sidered as imperfections, which the friends-of the
system of reorganization thought it better to pass
over. There was one provision in the law, about
the expediency of which I, with others, entertained
a great deal of doubt; 1 mean so much of the law
as affected the consular system. I allude espe-
cially to the provision which made it mandatory
on the President to appoint none, either as consuls
or as vice-consuls, except those who were citizens
of the United States. The experience of the
country had shown in successive Administrations
that there were remote countries with which
ours had but little intercourse, and yet had some,
and that little of importance, where it was im-
possible to obtain consuls from American citi-
zens; and there were others where it was found
.that American citizens (because of their total
unacquaintance with the habits and usages of the
country, and more especially from their entire
ignorance of the language of the country) were
in many instances, when important services were
required of them, powerless, or subject to all sorts
of impositions, and to be overreached. Then,
by way of remedying as far as they could, or
supplying the probable defects that would arise
in the mandatory part of the law of 1855 exclud-
ing all from these offices hut American citizens,
a provision was introduced into the law of 1856,
modeled upon the experience of European nations
in reference to these very countries, authorizing
the President, at his discretion, to appoint to such
consulates as he might think proper a number of
pupils, as the law called them, not exceeding
twenty-five in number, at a stated salary. The
honorable Senator from Texas, as I understood
him, looked upon the amendment offered by my
colleague from the Committee on Finance, as the
creation of a new set of offices.
Mr. RUSK. The commencement of a new
experiment.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to
say it was the institution of a new series of
offices, and thus was increasing the patronage of
the Government.
Mr. RUSK. It is so in fact; for although the
right to appoint them exists and was given by
the bill passed a year ago, none have been ap-
pointed, because no salaries were provided. The
bill, therefore, as it stands, authorizing the Pres-
ident to appoint them, is inoperative, and can
only be put m operation by this appropriation.
Mr. MASON. Still the offices were created,
and the policy of the Government was estab-
lished. The offices were created, and if at the
discretion of the President—a discretion given to
him by the law—he should think it wise to ap-
point the officers, the salaries would follow as a
matter of course. The policy of the Govern-
ment was established by the law of 1856, and it
is, therefore, no new tiling. It is in the act of
1856, in the following words: '
"That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized,
whenever he &liail think the public good will be promoted
thereby, to appoint consu!ar pupil-;, not to exceed twenty-
five m number at anyone time, who shall be citizens of
the United States, and entitled to compensation Cor their
services lespcctively at a rate not to cxcced $1,000 per an-
num, to be determined by the President, and to a^bijrn such
pupils, from time to time', to such consulates and with .such
duties he may think proper; and before the appointment of
any such pupils shall be made, satisfactory evidence, by
examination or otherwise, shall be iuinished of his qualifi-
cation and fitness for the office to the Secretary ol State,
and by him be laid before the President."
That act was approved on the 18th of August,
1856. I say, then, that it was established by this
law as a policy in the Government, considered
proper at that time because of the modifications
which had been made in the consular system, to
create these new officers termed, and, I think,
unfortunately termed, " consular pupils." If they
had been termed " clerks,'' I do not know that
the designation would have been more appropri-
ate; but the probability is that the appropriation
would have followed almost as a matter of course
in the other branch of Congress. They were
termed " pupils," and they must be so termed
now, because the law has given them that name,
whether the name be a good or bad one.
We are informed by the Secretary of State that
this discretion, which is investdfrin the President,
is one that he ought to exercise—one which the
welfare of the Government in its commercial in-
tercourse with foreign nations requires that he
should exercise, because he has informed us that,
under the exigency of the law of 1856, there have
already been removed from the consulates three
hundred officers, and it is found impossible to get
American citizens to take many of those offices,
because either the residence is a disagreeable one,
or the emoluments are not sufficient', of there are
not inducements for its acceptance.
Now, what is this scheme of consular pupila ?
At the time it was presented, it did not at first
strike my mind very favorably; and I was Jed to
inquire into it. It has been found that the expe-
rience of this country, like the experience of all
other commercial nations, has shown to the Ex-
ecutive that we are at an infinite disadvantage .in
our commercial relations with those countries
where, by reason of the small intercourse between
the two nations, it is almost impossible to find an
American citizen who speaks their language or
understands their usages. There are particular
instances in China and in Turkey. Our commer-
cial intercourse with China is probably as great
as with any other foreign nation except the larger
European Powers. The Secretary of State has
informed the Senate, what is doubtless true, that
there are millions of dollars of American capital
now invested in China, in trade between the two
countries, and a large number of our fellow citi-
zens are living there engaged in their occupations
in trade, and it has been found necessary on more
occasions than one, even where there has existed
an opposite course of policy between some of the
Eroupean nations and the American Government
in reference to their commercial intercourse, to
take the employes of those foreign consulates into
the American consulate for the purpose of. under
standing the subjects that are submitted.
What is proposed as a remedy for these diffi-
culties ? It has been proposed to do what we are
informed the European Governments have been
doing for many years—to appoint a number of
young men who, after proper examination and
evidence before the President, shall show them-
selves apt and fitted for such services at a mod-
erate salary—$1,000 a year, or not exceeding
that—who shall be engaged really at these consu-
lates as consular clerks; who shall be put there
at an age to learn the habits and the institutions
of the country, and to form a permanent .organ
of communication between the various consuls,
as they may be established from time to time,
and the Governments to which they may be ac-
credited. Gentlemen may think it is a fanciful
system—that it is one not likely to work well, and
it may be so; but, for the present, it has not
worked at all. There has been no opportunity
to organize it or institute it. We have been in-
formed here by the only authority that could
give us the information—the Secretary of State,
who is responsible for the consular system—that
because of the operation of this law in turning
all foreigners out of service, our Government will
stand at a great disadvantage in many nations
unless we have something to supply inconve-
niences resulting from this cause. Finding that
the House of Representatives had refused an
appropriation to carry out the existing law in this
respect, he has addressed a letter to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, of which he sent
a copy to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
urging on both these committees the necessity of
carrying out this policy as a part of the system
inaugurated by the act of 1856. Whether it will
work well or not, I do not know.
There are very few Senators on this floor, I
presume, who, or whose constituents, have less
direct interest in the trade of the country than
the Senator who now addresses you; but he feels
that deep, abiding, permanent interest in the gen-
eral welfare of the whole country, which leads
him, not as the chairman of a committee, but as
one of the Senators of the land, to ask that the
Executive should be trusted at least thus far in
determining what are the exigencies in the public
service, when those exigencies have been created
not by the Executive, but by an act of legisla-
tion. I do not see for myself how the Govern-
ment can get on safely or wisely, unless there is
some little degree of permanency accorded to the
, policy that may be established from time to time
| on deliberation by successive Congresses; and
' yet here the proposition is at once made to sweep
this policy from the statute-book by refusing the
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair understands that the
Senator from Texas offers an amendment to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw it. I prefer to take
a vote directly on the appropriation.
