1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Government, and the situations of these clerks
will probably be more permanent than they are
under the present practice of the Government.
When we change a consul, and send a new man
to a place which requires experience and inform-
ation—and we know they are generally changed
every four years—he will find a clerk acquainted
with the business of the department, with the
language and laws of the country, who will be
of great assistance to him. It is thus a provis-
ion which enables us to carry on the existing
practice of the Administration of the country, of
making these changes without detriment to the
public service.
If, instead of " consular pupils," they had been
called consular clerks, I apprehend there would
have been very little opposition to the appropri-
ation; and yet that is the whole object which is
sought by this section of the law. If, however,
the Senate should think that it is instituting a new
fractice, and a new system which is dangerous,
hope they will satisfy themselves by voting
down the appropriation, and not attempt to intro-
duce legislation upon this bill. If they do, the
whole object of the division of these bills will be
lost. Tho object was to get through such pro-
visions of the old civil and diplomatic bill, as it
was almost indispensable to pass early, without
debate, and without opposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to ask the
honorable Senator from Virginia if this is not a
bill for providing for the diplomatic service ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there is no other
appropriation bill upon which this amendment
could come with any propriety; and if wc do not
repeal this clause, we must leave it in the law
until a separate bill can be carried through; and
•we all know the difficulty of that. The House
of Representatives has already rejected this ap-
propriation by a very large majority. If wc reject
it also, decisively, there is no danger of embar-
rassing the bill by adding a repealing clause, and
it is certainly the proper place for that repeal, if
it goes on any appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest that it
is not proper to attach legislation to any appro-
priation bill. I admit, in this particular ease,
there would be no such difficulty, because the
House of Representatives would concur with the
Senate; but if we establish the precedent in the
beginning, we shall soon have this bill loaded
down with legislation, and leading to difficulty.
Mr, FESSENDEN. That is the argument we
always hear. It is impossible to escape it. How-
ever, I am willing to take the vote on this amend-
ment at once.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I do not think
the Senate ought to be bound by this legislation
which wearenowasked to ratify. Irecollectwhen
the bill came up here, that it was not examined,
and we were put off from an examination on the
ground that it was prepared at the Department,
and the committees had looked into it. Acting
on a different rule from most Senators, that was
a good reason with me for voting against it; but
I was one of very few. I suppose my course
was charged to faction. I voted against it, be-
cause I did not know what was in it. It appears
that there were a great many others who did not
know what was in it.
When this bill came before the House of Rep-
resentatives, they found in it an appropriation for
these consular pupils, and they kicked at it and
would  ot appropriate the money. But now
when we come to the discussion of the bill in the
Senate, it is ascertained that that provision was
in it, with a great many other things which ought
not to have been there, and we voted on trust.
This being the earliest occasion on which we
have found out that this provision was passed,
we ought to seize the opportunity to mend it.
We did not know before what was in the bill of
last year. "Some of us, in our ignorance, voted
for it, and some of us, in ignorancc, like myself,
voted against it. I thought it was a safer rule to !
vote against what I did not understand than to !
vote for what I did not understand.
The whole consular system is a very bad one.
The recent changes have made it a great deal
worse than it was. Since you have made con-
sular offices political, you have hurt the whole
system. In the first place, you have enabled
commerce to throw this burden on the public (
Treasury that ought not to be there. People
came here and told us that foreigners were acting
as consuls. They did so act, and they did the
business. Some foreigner engaged in the Amer-
ican trade at Trieste, or Geneva, or some of the
South American States, was appointed to dis-
charge these duties, and when they wanted con-
sular services our merchants went and paid the
fees, and these men got them as compensation.
If there was but a small business there were little
fees; and if there was a great deal of business
there were a great many fees. But the constant
tendency of this Government is to put good offices
"in the Blue Book; and that whole system was
turned over, and consuls made salaried officers.
I suppose a great many Senators have been in-
quired of about many of these consulates, in view
of supposed changes after the 4th of March.
Notwithstanding the small concern I have with
the incoming powers, I have been written to in
respect to these places.
We have made consuls salaried officers, and
thrown on the Treasury of the United States this
burden of commerce; and we shall make matters
worse by making them a permanent body of men.
It is not worth while to educate them as appren-
tices, unless you intend to continue them in the
business. This you cannot do, because they are
removable at the pleasure of the President, and
will Joe changed as long as they are objects of
political desire; and when you have gone to great
expense and educated them for this work, some
one will turn them out and get their places.
I think the best plan would be to enlarge the
amendment and repeal the late consular bill, and
leave the compensation to be collected by fees,
and appoint proper people and pay them accord-
ing to the work they do. For that reason,among
others, 1 opposed the bill of the last session. It
was an unnecessary enlargement of patronage.
It was injurious to the general interests of the
country; and it threw burdens on the general
interests of the country which ought not to have
been done.
Mr. TOUCEY. I am not very familiar with
this subject, but the inclination of my mind is to
vote for this appropriation. As long as the act
rpmains, I am disposed to carry it into effect.
When it shall appear that the system is a bad
one, I would repeal the whole system, or any
part which experience shows ought not to be
continued. But with regard to this particular
office, I will mention now one case in my mind
which perhaps will illustrate it as well as any
other. In China, no public officer is permitted
to reside in a district wliei*§ he has a knowledge
of the local dialect. He is always placed in a
position where hfi is entirely ignorant of it. He
is not allowed to continue there long enough to
become acquainted with the local dialect; and
when he has remained at one point for two or
three years, the Government of China transfers
him to another position, that he may be where he
knows no dialect that is spoken about him. All
the business is performed in the court dialect,
which is spoken nowhere. The consequence of
this is, that your consuls throughout all that
country cannot communicate with the public
officers. If they can converse in the dialect, they
can yet make no communication with any public
officer with whom they have occasion to speak.
I suppose the object is, in such cases where the
public interest require it, to give to such consuls
a clerk, and to allow him a compensation such as
may be suited, not exceeding one $1,000, who,
while he acts as clerk, will learn the dialect which
it is necessary for him to know—the court dialect
—in order to transact business.
The necessity of this must be obvious to every-
body. If I recollect aright, we have given to the
Commissioner to China an interpreter at $5,000 a
year. That is enough forthatoffice. You have
authorized two or three other interpreters; but
with regard to consuls at all other points, they
arc absolutely incapacitated frofll communicating
with the officers of the Government with whom
they have to deal; and of course, an American
consul has no mode of communicating except by
employing some one who is engaged in the ser-
vice of some foreign Government — the British
Government, for instance. I do not like that idea;
and if you employ a stranger for that purpose,
you are liable to be imposed upon. Without
knowing the particular reason which induced this
provision in the bill originally, I apprehend it was
that which I have mentioned, that in a variety of
cases there was a necessity that the clerk should
acquire knowledge of the language as well as of
the institutions of the country where he might
be, so as to serve the Government. I would make-
this appropriation; and if it shall be found that
there is any abuse—if it shall be extended beyond
the real necessity of the case, I would apply a
remedy afterwards.
I am opposed to attempting to repeal this clause
in the present bill, because it is entirely unneces-
sary. It is legitimate for either branch of Con-
gress to refuse an appropriation, and that nullifies
it practically for the present. Every object for
the present can be attained by refusing this ap-
propriation; but I confess I am inclined to think
that this clause was introduced for very good
reasons to a certain extent, and that the appro-
priation ought to be made. I shall, therefore,
vote for it; and I think, moreover, that if the
subject had assumed the form that has been sug-
gested, of authorizing the appointment of clerks
instead of calling them pupils, it would have
been very satisfactory to Congress. It is in con-
sequence of the idea that is embraced here, that
wc are about to educate young men for the public
service, that it is opposed; whereas it means
nothing more than that they should acquire the
local language for the purpose of transacting
business at points where American citizens' do
not know the language. This is the idea on
which I shall vote for this appropriation.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me, sir, that if you
adopt this«principle you must go on with it; and
there is hardly any branch of the public service
for which we shall not have to cducate young
men. It will be much more important to educate
them for ministers plenipotentiary. I believe
that is a part of the English system now. But I
arise to correct the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut in one respect. He says striking out
the appropriation will nullify the law.
Mr. TOUCEY. I beg pardon.
Mr. HALE. Not nullify the law, but prevent
the President carrying it into execution and ap-
pointing these men.
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly there will be no
appointment without an appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I beg leave to say, that my ex-
perience in the Senate has taught me exactly the
contrary of that. I have seen a proposition
made here year after year for an appropriation
to a certain officer; the Senate refused by a most
decisive and direct vote; and yet the Department
paid it. Knowing the fact, 1 introduced a reso-
lution in this body, and it was passed, calling
upon the Department to state by what authority
that salary was paid, which the Senate, upon a
direct vote, year after year, had refused. The
Secretary sent to us a document with this im-
portant doctrine in it, that m one of the pigeon-
holes of his Department was filed away an esti-
mate for this particular service: and, taking the
gross amount which was appropriated, it covered
this estimate; gmd he having estimated for an
office, and Congress having appropriated as
much as he asked, they appropriated to pay that
salary, notwithstanding, on a direct vote, they
had twice refused it. That is not the only in-
stance. I recollect, about eight or ten years ago,
we passed some bills authorizing the issue of
Treasury notes; and when the accounts of tho
Treasury came in it was found that the Register
and Treasurer charged one half of one per cent.,
or one per cent., for signing them. Congress
thought it was wrong; and the next year, when
they authorized the issue of Treasury notes,
they put in an express provision that no part of
the money should be paid to the Treasurer and
Register for signing Treasury notes. One would
have thought that that would have sufficed; but
when we came the next year to see their ac-
counts, they were paid exactly the same, not-
withstanding the direct refusal of Congress to
appropriate. And what was the excuse? Why,
there was an old balance of some unexpended
appropriation that had not been spent, and as tho
act only said no part of the money appropriated
by "this act" should be paid for that purpose,
they went on and paid it out ot that balance.
Now, if you think you will stop these appoint-
ments by stopping the appropriations, with all
my respect for the Senator from Connecticut—
