MS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and I have a great deal of respect for him—I tell
him he has not watched the history of this Treas-
ury quite so closely as I have. There is no such
thing as stopping up leaks; you must cut off the
head of the animal, or it will not die. If you do
not repeal that law, my word for it, these boys I
are appointed—the pupils are having their clothes
made to go to school now, and they will get their
$25 ,000. They will not get it under this act, but
they will find some appropriation or some unex-
pended balance for running a boundary line—
some unexpended money for fuel, or something
of that sort; and the boys will get their money.
I have found that, when a Department of this
Government, no matter which of them, wants
money, they will get it, and you cannot stop them
in this way.
I am opposed to this policy entirely. I am
opposed to it, not because I think our consuls are
educated too highly as a general fact, but I dis-
like this way of doing it. If we begin here,
where is it to stop ? We shall have then to ap-
point pupils then for embassadors, and when you
begin that there is no ending. I think we have
had experience enough with the two schools we
now have, at Annapolis and West Point. That
is going as far as I ever want this Government to
go; I will not say they should retrace their step3
there. I hope this appropriation of money will
be refused; and not only refused, but the excuse
for paying it taken away by the repeal of the
section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask a question
of the honorable Senator from Connecticut. I
•do not know that I exactly understood him. I
want to know why it is not just as e'asy to keep
consuls long enough at their posts to be educated,
as to send out pumls to be educated as consuls?
Mr. TOUCEY. I cannot answer the question
better than the Senator can himself.
Mr. Vv ILSO.N. I must confess, with others,
that until ). saw that this measure was before the
House of Representatives, I did not know that
we ever passed such a provision. I hope the
yeas and nays will be taken 011 this amendment,
and I rise for the purpose of asking for the yeas
and nays.
The yens: and nays were ordered.
Mr. 11USK. I see no impropriety in repealing
this law. I see a good deal of mischief that may i
arise from leaving it as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us take a vote on
this amendment first.
Mr. RUSK I was going to propose to repeal
the law. As a substitute for the pending amend-
ment, I propose this:
nd he it fin thcr eiwcted, That the seventh section of the
act " to regulate llw di[)!o:natiie and consular si^toms of tile
United State-V approved the lSili of Auau t.'l8o8, be, and
the same is hereby, jepealed.
Mr. MASOAr. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Texas that, if he proposes to repeal the
provision contained in the law of 1856, which
authorizes the appointment of this class of offi-
cers, he should extend the repeal further, and
propose, as indissolubiy connected with the whole
subject, to repeal so much of tfte law of 1855 as
prohibits the appointment of foreigners to any
consular office, either as consuls, or as consular
clerks; because this very provision authorizing
the appointment of consular pupils was recom-
mended and passed at the last session of Congress,
for the very purpose of remedying the defects
arising m the consular system, by reason of the
refusal to appoint any but American citizens.
The honorable Senator from Georgia said that
at the tune this law was passed there were many
imperfections; tins was now supposed to be an
imperfection; and yet, there were those who re-
fused to strike it out.
Mr. TOOMtJS. No, sir, I said it was hurriedly
passed through the Senate, and the Senate had
not an opportunity of investigating it. We were
told it hau been prepared at the Department, and
carefully considered by the committee, and there-
fore there was no point made on it. I think it
was all passed in a lump. I voted against it be-
cause tlier'' was no opportunity to consider it.
Mr. MASOS. I know not how inconsider- i
ately it may have been passed. It certainly was \
not mconsiUeiate so far as the action of the com-
mittees of both Houses, and of the Department '
of State, was concerned. The history of it is I
.this; by the ninth section of the act of 1855 it I
January 19.
was provided, that no other persons than citizens :: been ordered on the amendment of the Committee
of the United States should be employed either ■[ on Finance. Mine is a separate proposition and
as vice consuls or consular agents, or as clerks 'i we can vote on it afterwards. ' '
having access to the consular archives. In con-.J Mr. BUTLER. If the law remains as it is I
sequence of that provision, it was reported by the ;; cannot voti- against tlus appropriation. '
Department that it was impossible for the public The questiiiii being taken by yuas and nays on
business to be transacted in many of the consu- Jj the amendment of the Committee on Finance to
lates abroad, because the consuls did not under- ij appropriate ^.>,(1(10 for consular pupils, resulted
stand the language, and because the clerks in li —yeas 11, nays 'Jj; as follows:
those places had necessarily to be dismissed by e YEAS-Mei**.. Alien. Baumi, liiire.-.ca^.ciuy, Dod«e
the Executive. It was then proposed, in order Hunter. Mat-on, Puih, tHuait, and Tuuecy—11. ' " '
to remedy the defects in the consular system, '• NAYS—Me-^rs. ISell oi New llump.-hiri', Bi'll nf Ten-
because of the previous law of 1855, to substitute 11 E,Ya"s! ?}«*-
,i-i n & * i n i i ' pat.ick. x100?., l'o-stcr, Gcvct. Hale, uoiiitoii. Iverson. Mai-
this class of ofiieersjumortunately called pupils— ! lory, Real, Rusk, SeUaitian, Ti.oinp.-on of Kentucky
for there is very much in a name, as has been ;, Thomson of New Jersey, Toeinb^ Trumbull, Wade, VYil-
instanced m this debate. Gentlemen have spoken j
of it as a system of educating young scions of !
favoritism, or sending boys to school, and all that !
sort of popular argument, which may apply to the
icrm " pupil," but would not apply if the name j
had been " clerk." The only education thevare to !
get is to be educated in the duties of the office of !
consul, and educated not by going to school, but
by intermingling with the people of the country,
in the language which the consul has to speak,
to make him a good officer. If the consul had a
permanent clerk, at §1,1101) per annum, appointed j
in the way provided for, it was thought by the j
Executive that that dcfect would be remedied. '
I say, then, to the honorable Senator from i
son. and Yulee—35.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now offer my amendment as an
additional section.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Thereareother
amendments of the Committee on Finance, and
the practice of the Senate is to consider them as
first in order. The next amendment of the com-
mittee is in the clause "for estimated loss by
exchange on drafts of consuls and interpreters
for salary, §45.000," to strike out the word
" and," and after the word " interpreters" insert
" and consular pupils."
Mr. HUNTER. That should be voted down,
as it falls with the other proposition.
The amendment was rejected.
: The next amendment of the committee was to
' add at the end of the bill:
| For office rent for tlirre ennsuM'genprn'. con"ul<i, and
| comin^ieial w!io are not aliovro;} to trad", foot to
i exceed ten [yr centum on t'ai> amount of their <'onnensa-
.. tion as li.veu by the act o: tl ' IStu of August, Id3e.) 5S.0UO.
:[ The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
|i will now be 011 the amendment of the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] which is to insert as an
1! additional section:
j; .'Jn/f be xt farther enacted, That the Revfnth section of an
;! act " to regulate the diplomatic and eoMMilar sten^ of the
ij United Stares," approved the 18;h of August, 13jS, and
h tile same e hereby, repealed.
11 Mr. HUNTER. I suggest, in reference to
11 the propriety of introducing such legislation on
I this bill, that we already see what other topics
are involved. My colleague has suggested that
■epeal that p
which prohibits the appointment of a clerk not an
American citizen. But I would submit to that
honorable Senator, and to the Senate, how far it
is discreet and prudent to undertake to revise a
system of policy, previously established, by re-
fusing an appropriation to carry out an existing
law. It may be said to be au experiment. It is
an experiment. We have been told by the Execu-
tive, who is necessaiily better informed on this
subject than we can be, that it is a piactice which
has resulted most advantageously in the experi-
ence of otherGovernments. We commenced it in
August last, and are to discontinue it here in
January of the succeeding year, without having
tried it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that, trom the reading of the amendment
proposed by t!m Senator from Texas as an amend- .if we adopt this amendment we must repeal the
ment to the penuing^imendment recommended by i1 provision in regard to the employment of foreign-
the Comnnttee on Finance, it appears to present J ers abroad. We know what sort of debate that
an independent and separate question, and there- :
fore cannot be entertained as an amendment to !
the pending emceej
?vir. RL^K. I withdraw it for the present. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER Tile question |
is on the amendment of the Committee on Fi- ,
nance, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered. j!
ill'. BUTLER. I feel myself very much em-
barrassed in voting on this amendment, because,
may set up when we send the bill back to the
House of Representatives. We should thus de-
feat the very object which the two Houses have
■ had in altering the form of the civil and diplo-
; matic appropriation bill. They have endeavored
j to sepnrnto such items as were strictly according
, to law and treaty, that they might pass at once,
• and that we might thus furnish the means of
i carrying on the public service without delay.
_ _ , , But if we depart from that principle and carry
astne Senator trom "V irgima [Mr. Mason*] has ! legislation of this character on a bill of this kind,
said, if the whole law is to undergo any change ; we shall renew all the former difficulties. I hope
by_repeahn* either the ninth section of the act of ; Senators will be content with voting down the
1855, alluded to by him, or the section refeired || appropriation. There will then be nothing out
to by the chairman ot the Committee on Finance, ;i of which to employ these pupils, and they can
of course Uie appropriation mustfall to the ground, l! introduce their legislation elsewhere as an inde-
I am 111 favor ot the repeal of those sections. I ■ pendent measure. I have no doubt, from the
cannot sajr what my opinion was then, but I am ,j feeling exhibited on tin- subject, that they will
well satisfied that the scopc of the President's ;; get their bill through easily, and it will be taken
authority in this respcct camiotbe limited by law. : up and considered in the other House. It will
i he sysiem of seiecimg natives exclusively to go i'be far better to ■
abroad has been found impracticable. I believe
many who have been consuls, and very acceptable
consuls, are loreigners. The Government m that
respect ought to deal as intelligent merchants
deal. If I wonted business done abroad, and
knew an intelligent man in whose honesty i had
confidence, 1 should employ him if a foreigner as
soon as if he wore a native. I mi^ht prefer the
foreigner if lie were more intelligent. { c\m in-
chnod to vote entirely for the iepeal of these pro-
visions.
Air. L-i\jyTT_R. I surest that the object
would be attained if the >Jena..or fnim Texas v/erc
to move Ins amendment ;i.-j n .jub^tttme for the
amendment ot tne Committee on Finance. to
strike out all after the nrst word of the amend-
ment of the Committee on Fjn;*uce, nnd insert. Ins
proposition. I*hat would test the sense of the
Senat<
do that than to embarrass this
bill with legislation arising out of th^t matter.
If this amendment passes wc shall next have a
provision on tne other subjcct.
Mr. FE3.5CXDEX. They are independent
of each other, and this "will not make any debate
m the House of R'-prus-'ntat!ves.
Mr. HlL\TE;1. The Senator from Maine
may think them independent, but others do not.
Mr. rES^EJN'DHX. What I mean to say is,
that the adoption of this amendment dous not
necessarily involve the adoption of another.
The Senator's anticipation of difficulty in the
otht-,r House is from another amendment, not
this.
Mr. HUNTER. It .shows where the prece-
dent will lead us if we once begin, it seems to
mt.s in regard to this bilJ, and the next branch of
the old miUand diplomatic bill — that making
M oror appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
Jvxr. RLSK. The yeas and nays have already 1 judicial expenses—wo ought to be particularly
