THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"^iiE~0mCULPR0CEEDIN«S OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED DY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirtt-Focb-tii Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1857.
New6eries....No. 24.:
guarded and careful to introduce no legislation,
that such bills may pass at once, and thus afford
means of carrying on the Government, and give
jaore time for disputed items on other bills.
Mr. RUSK. I do not regard this amendment
as setting a precedent, or departing from the
objects of the bill. We find here a section of
the law of 1856 requiring the appointment of
consular pupils. An appropriation for the pur-
pose of carrying that section into effect was
offered in the House of Representatives, debated,
and rejected. A similar appropriation has been
offercdin theSenate, debated, and rejected. Both
Houses have decided against putting into opera-
tion that portion of the consular bill. The ap-
propriation to carry out that section has been
refused. Then why does it standon the statute-
book ? This does not necessarily bring up the
other question at all. They are separate and
distinct questions. It would not remedy the
evils complained of with regard to the employ-
ment of foreigners. Inasmuch as we have de-
clared, so far as both Houses of Congress are
concerned, that this section is totolly inappro-
priate, in orderto avoid any future discussion on
the subject, it is better, in my judgment, to re-
peal it at once.
Mr. HUNTER. Does not the Senator see
that any amendment of the diplomatic and con-
sular bill would connect itself as directly with
this bill as his particular amendment? The effect
will be, that hereafter we shall have legislation on
all those subjects ingrafted on this bill.
Mr. RUSK. I confess that I do not sop those
objections. There is an objection which I do
see if this amendment be defeated, and that is,
the section will stand on the statute-book, and
the same argument will be used at the next ses-
sion of Congress to procure an appropriation of
$25,000, that we are refusing to carry out a law
on the statute-book. It is not the particular
amount of §25,000 to which I have objection;
but it is the entering wedge to a system which I
condemn—multiplying offices upon offices. The
$25,000, in my judgment, are only a beginning.
In fact, in the debate it was so said. We should
not have stopped at $250,000 or §300,000 in the
end; and the result would be multiplying offices
at a great expense. I think it would be better to
keep clear of them.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not regard it as multi-
plying offices. The whole effect would have been
that, instead of allowing larger salaries to the
consuls who were to employ their own clerks,
we should pay out of the Treasury of theUnited
States a certain number of clerks appointed by
the President.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the Senate will not
recommence the practice of legislating on an ap-
propriation bill. It is a practice the tendency of
which is altogether bad. I hope it will not be done
upon this bill. If the consular act that was
passed during the lastsession needs amendment,
let the proposition be submitted, let it be referred
to a committee, and let that committee report a
bill upon it. If the bill does not pass at this ses-
sion, it will pass at the next session if Congress
is in favor of it. My objection is, that there is
no fair opportunity to consider or to discuss any
question of legislation attached to an appropria-
tion bill. Neither the Senate nor the House of
Representatives is prepared for any discussion
of matters of legislation on an appropriation bill.
The object of the rules of both Houses is to sep-
arate legislation from appropriation bills; and the
evil is, that the appropriation will carry through
an amendment which the good sense of either
House would not pass.
The whole object of all the rules of both
branches is, that every subject of legislation shall
be referred to a proper committee, that it shall be
deliberately considered, and deliberately reported
upon, and stand or fall upon its own merits.
JEvery one knows that legislation can be carried
through upon an appropriation bill contrary to
the sense of both Branches of Congress. It is
the appropriation of money that carries them
24
through. I say there is no necessity for this .
legislation. !
In what a condition are we placed' • At the i
last session of Congress we had this subject ,
before us as a matter of legislation oil the report :
of a committee. That committee made a full I
report, and the bill was deliberately passed, j
There may be a necessity of amendment. I doubt j
not there is; but I prefer, I think Congress would j
prefer, that any amendment to this system should j
take place by the report of a committee. It is ;
true, we get the sense of both Houses of Con- ,
gress, to a certain extent, by the refusal to ap- I
propriate the money; but it does not follow that I
Congress would repeal that provision upon a full
discussion—upon a report of a committee show-
ing the necessity of it. We have a thin Senate,
and a very sudden question is raised; and I say
it is not deliberate legislation. I am opposed
entirely to legislating in appropriation bills. I
think the laws of the (Country should remain
unchanged until Congress deliberately changes
them, instead of forcing a change by appending
it to an appropriation bill that must go through.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not appear to me
that this is a proper or suitable occasion for us to
enter on the discussion of the general propiiety
or impropriety of legislating on collateral ques-
tions in an appropriation bill. It does not seem
to me that this ease presents such a question.
This is not an appiopnatc occasion for that dis-
ticular duty. Suppose you say that you will make
no appropriation for the Secretary of State, or any
other officer of the Government, is the President
thereby to conclude that Congress does not mean
that there is to be any such officer, when there is
a law requiring him to make appointments? He
is not to inquire into the reasons why you do not
make an appropriation. Your own legislation is
inconsistent. One act requires him to appoint an
officer, and you make no appropriation for the
payment of the officer. The only question with
him, then, is, " Can I get some one to take the
place, who is competent to fill it, and wait the
action of Congress for payment;" and if the
twenty-five men shall be sent out, who does not
know that next year tlicy will get their pay?
They will have been appointed in obedience to
law by the President, and if they are willing to
wait the year for their compensation, they will
get it, and thus the judgment of Congress be
defeated. I am opposed to allowing the will of
Congress to be defeated by a simple failure to
repeal nn improper law at the right time, and I
will not stop too long to inquire whether I am
doing it exactly at the right place. One thing I
know: if they commence looking through this
law to find the appropriation for the payment of
these pupils, they will be very apt to stumble on
the clause, which the Senator from Texas asks us
to put there; that is, that the whole system has
been repealed, and there is ail end to it. But if
X ins nut cm <«.( 'i 'i *.') > i KI.U. j - . . . . . «
cussion for this reason: both Houses luive now you simply omit to make the appropriation, and.
taken a course by which they have expressed
distinctly their opinion, that this f< ature of the
law passed at the last session should be inoper-
ative. I am unwilling to leave things standing
precisely in that condition, because I think both
Houses should go on and perfect that which they
have thus decided. Therefore it is that 1 call
the present movement, not an attempt for inde-
pendent legislation, but a meie carrying out and
perfecting of that which we have already passed
upon. How would it leave it? I take it that
when offices are created by an act of Congress
to be filled, if in the opinion of the Executive
the public service demands that those offices
should be filled, it is his business to fill them.
Congress have refused to make the appropria-
tion; but it is the duty of the President, to appoint
the officers. It is not true that the President is
excused from that duty because Congress have
refused to make an appropriation at this particu-
lar time. If offices be created, it is the Presi-
dent's duty to fill them, and trust that Congress
will in due time, on a proper occasion, make pro-
vision for their support. Many and many are
the appointments made, the commissions filled,
and the duties entered upon, where the provision
for payment is entrusted to the future action of
Congress. If we leave it in this loose, indefinite
way", there will be a duty of the President which
the Senate and the House of Representatives
have both decided in effect they do not wish per-
formed. If they do not wish these officcs filled,
why not say so directly? Why not complete
our attempt, and say to the Executive that those
offices are not to be tilled, in direct tel-ms; that is,
it is not to be expected that they shall be paid
now, or at any other time? It seems to me this
is not a question of independent legislation, but
a mere question of perfecting that legislation on
which we have already passed.
Mr. BROWN. I am as much opposed as is
the honorable chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee, to legislating in appropriation hills; and yet I
agree so clearly and distinctly with the Senator
[rave the law in full force authorizing the appoint-
ments, you have no guarantee that they will not
bo uncle. I do not regard this as legislation in
the objectionable sense which the Senator from
Virginia points out. though I would prefer seeing
this done in some other way,
Mr. HUNTER. Why not put it through as
an independent measure ?
Mi. BROWN. Because you cannot get this
lubberly Congress, if the Senate will excuse
me for using such a phrase, to stop long enough
to pass it. The Senate may pass it in the morn-
ing; but we know the technicalities of the rules
of the other House, and it may He there a couple
of years.
Mr. HUNTER. That is acting on the pre-
sumption that the only possible mode of obtaining
legislation, is to get it done on appropriation bills.
Air. BROWN. Not at all. There is a differ-
ence between legislation which incn ases the
responsibilities of the Government, and legisla-
tion upon an appropriation bill which diminishes
those responsibilities. I think it is admissible,
when a proposition comes up to pay a particular
sum of money under a law, that you may not only
refuse to make the appropriation, but may repeal
the law under which the appropriation is asked.
Then you end the whole controveisy, and you
do ltat once. It would be better as a mere matter
of form to do it in some other way; but inasmuch
as, if wo do not make this repeal now, we know-
very well that the old law will be left standing,
and we shall be probably inch by inch drawn
into this system, with all the consequences
pointed out this morning, I am willing to depart
so far from what I tlxink is the rigid, proper rule
on ihe question, as to vote for the repeal of this
provision here.
I am out and out opposed to the appointment
of these pupils. It docs not, matter with me a six-
pence whether you call them pupils or clerks; they
are supernumeraries — they are men appointed
to discharge the duties of consuls, while they are
not consuls. Let proper men be appointed to
agree so cieariy <uiu uisuncuy mm me iium™ i ^ -■- " , ;,i
who has just taken his seat, that 1 shall vote for J discharge the consular duties, and then theii c: wiu
this proposition. I was about to say, that the
President of the Unted States vflll probably feel
himself called upon to make these appointments
in obedience to the law, whether we make the
appropriation or not. Suppose you made no
appropriation for the payment of the Secretaries
of the national departments, or any other officeis,
would that prevent the filling of the offices ? The
President may take a different view of it; here is
a law requiring the President to perform a par-
be no need for deputies. It is simply a proposi-
tion to appoint incompetent men to do a particu-
lar thing, I suppose, as a reward for political
s'-rviers'! and then pay somebody else to go and
doil. That is about all theie is of it. A man is
appointed consul who is notoriously incompetent
for the place, who knows nothing of the language
i of the country to which he is sent, knows notmng
of commerce; he is appointed as a reward tor
I soipe service; and because he does not know the
