370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IS,
duty, you are to appoint somebody and pay him
out of the Treasury for doing it for him. I am
opposed to the principle. If the President of the
United States would look about him, he would
always be able to fiffii, in my opinion, among the
twenty-five millions of the people of this country,'
some men competent to discharge the duties of
its consulates. All he has to do is to look for
proper men. If he finds a peacock of a fellow,
■who wants to go to a foreign country and keep
up a flag for the glory of the thing, without know-
ing anything about the service, but simply to get
himself into society on account of representing
the flag of "his country, he should say, " I will
not appoint you; you are notqualified to discharge
the duties; I want a man who can get along with-
out deputies." I suppose these pupils are to be
a kind of fixtures to the office. If the consul does
not like his pupil, however improper he may be,
like the old man of the mountain, he is fastened
on him—he cannot get clear of him. He does
not appoint him. He appeals to the President to
take hira away; and he says, " No, that is a
pupil, and he is sent there to be educated. He
is m the course of being instructed, and it will
not do to take him away, because, if I do, he
may lose all the instruction he has got." He
may go out at nights; prowl all over town,
neglect his duties, misbehave in every way, and
instead of being an advantage to the consul, he
maybe absolutely an incumbrance to the consul,
and yet he cannot get rid of him. If any of our
consuls abroad have use for a clerk in the honest
and faithful discharge of their duties, and such a
case is brought to my knowledge, I will vote for
aclerk,orfortwo or three, or as many as are neces-
sary to discharge the duties properly; but I will
vote for no supernumeraries to go to discharge
the duties which properly belong to the principal,
but which he is notoriously incompetent to dis-
charge.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate should do no
more than refuse the appropriation, it may be,
and I presume would bo, indicative only of the
sense of the Senate to pause during the present
session at least on the policy which was adopted
by the law of 1856; but I should be very clear
that the President of the United States, the ap-
propriations being refused, would not feel him-
self at liberty to carry out the provisions of that
law of 1856.
The Senator from Texas, however, offers an
amendment, which necessarily goes to the policy
of that law of 1856, and destroys it, and declares
it shall no longer exist. I submit to that Sena-
tor, that that of necessity brings up the discus-
sion of the policy which induced Congress last
year to adopt that provision, and brings it up on
an appropriation-bill, and onan appropriation bill
framed, as my honorable colleague has said, with
a view to avoid, as far as practicable, the discus-
sion of questions of this sort, on a mere matter
of appropriation. If the honorable Senator per-
severes, and asks for a direct vote of the Senate
on this question of policy, I must ask to be al-
lowed to amend his amendment by inserting the
knife still deeper into the existing policy of the
Government, and striking from the statute-book
the provision which made this section of the law
of 1856, in the opinion of the Executive, and in
the opinion of Congress at the last session, a wise
measure.
I have said that the ninth section of the act of
1856 was recommended by the committees of
both Houses, upon the recommendation of the
Executive, to remedy great inconveniences,great
public mischiefs that would ensue from the policy
of the law of 1855, prohibiting the appointment
of foreigners. Now, I say again, if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to retrace its steps—to re-
view the policy adopted in 1856, it must, in jus-
tice, as I think, to the business of the country,
go back to the commencement of this policy, and
strike out the whole. I shall therefore offer as
an amendment, if it be m order, as I presume it
is, to the pending amendment, a proviso which
will read thus:
Fiouulah That so much of the ninth section Of the act
approved Maich 1. 1-.jy, entitled "An act to remodel ttie
diplomatic am] eonsulai sj>tem- of the United States," as
euat't-, thrtt " ihe IV--ident shall appoint no other than cit-
izens of the Umtcr! States who are residents thereof, or
who shall be uhi oad m the employment of the Government
at the tnae of their appointment, as dragoman-?, interpre-
ters, consuls, or commercial agents ; nor -hall other than
citizens of the United States be employed either as vice-
consuls or commercial agents, or as clerks in tlie offices of
either, and have access to the archives therein deposited,"
be, and the same is also hereby, repealed.
Yet I am very confident, Mr. President, that it
would lead to very crude and immature councils,
and a very crude and immature system of policy,
if we do either institute a new policy, or abrogate
an old one, on questions suddenly sprung in the
Senate ort an appropriation bill. I do not feel j
myself at liberty, either from my position here or
my years, to do more than to make a recommend-
atory suggestion to the honorable Senator from
Texas; but I would submit to his greater years
j and graver experience, that perhaps it would be
j better to withdraw the amendment, and let us
revise the policy at some other time, and in an
| independent form.
Mr. RUSK. With the compliment which has
just been paid me by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, I find it very difficult to resist his request
to withdraw the amendment. If I had not some
very good reasons for persevering in it, I should
certainly do so; but I regard this as a mischiev-
ous part of the consular system. The honorable
Senator chooses to talk about the settled policy
| of the country.
Mr. MASON. No; it is a new policy of the
country; we have just begun it.
Mr. RUSK. This part the Senate and House
of Representatives seem not willing to begin.
The consular bill of 1855 was passed without con- I
sideration. I know an appeal was made', just as
( an appeal is now made, to my good feelings, to ■
allow the bill to pass. It had "gone to a commit- 1
tee. It passed, and there was a universal cry of
dissatisfaction every where. In fact, it was found ,
a totally impracticable machine. It could not be '
carried out at all. The Attorney General was
called in, and a full council held, and it was found
that there must be some new legislation m order ,
to make the machine work at all. This is the j
new legislation, I presume. I was not here at the j
time the bill of 1856 was passed, but I presume '
it was passed with about the same consideration.
As part of the policy, I find that a separate class,
to be called " consularpupils," is provided for—
twenty-five to begin with. Who knows where '
it will stop ? Everybody knows how these offices
are to be filled. They are to be filled by the
President on the recommendation of members of
Congress, and others. It will continue the system
of nepotism now complained of, by which gentle- |
men are taken away from other pursuits, and ,
brought here to take offices. Twenty-five pupils '
are asked for now. Next year thefe will be fifty,
and the next year one hundred; and if we do not
stop at once this wholly new experiment, which 1
has nothing to commend it except that it is ac- :
cording to the plan adopted by the English and
other Governments, totally dissimilar from ours, '
we shall not get clear of it until in the end there
will be three hundred or four hundred consular '
pupils, and $400,000 or §500,000 appropriated in
money.
The House of Representatives has refused to !
make the appropriation; the Senate has refused
to make the appropriation. Then why, in the :
name of common sense, allow an excuse for an 1
appropriation some time hereafter, by letting the
clause stand on the statute-book ? I do not see
that it connects itself at all with the other part of
the consulai;system. Are these consular pupils 1
| so important that the duties of the consuls cannot
i be discharged without them ? I
I Sir, the object is not so much to discharge the 1
i duties as to make places; and these men are to '
' be sent out, not to discharge duties, but to learn
! how to discharge them. They are to be sent
! abroad and educated at the expense of the Treas-'
1 ury of the United States, not to discharge the
; duties, but to learn how to discharge them. I
I think they are more likely to learn mischief. If
I had no other objection than that, I say it is a
bad policy for immature young men to be sent
out, under such circumstances, to foreign coun-
tries. I should hesitate very much in adopting
that policy, or in carrying it out, if that were the
j only difficulty; but when 1 regard it as of no ,
| public utility, but as perpetuating a mischief
; under which we are now laboring, by the multi- ,
i plication of offices and the expenditure of money .
( for places, I cannot, thanking- my friend very .
' kindly for the compliment he has paid me for my i
years, withdraw the amendment. The Senat£
having refused this appropriation, I think it 13
my duty, if 1 can, to do away with the excuse
of asking for another.
Mr. MASON. Then I offer the following
amendment to the amendment: a
Provided, That so leueli of the ninth section of the act
approved March 1, IK33, outitlid " \n act to lemodel the
diplomatic and eon-ul.ir ayaicuis of flie L rated r'u'.u as
enacts that ;t the President shall appoint 110 other thita cit-
izens of the United States who ore residents thereof, or
who shall be in the employment 01' the Government at the
time of their appointment, a.-> drajromans, interpreters,
consuls, or commercial agents, noi shall other th^n eiriieris
of the United States be employed either its viee-eon-als or
commercial agents, or as clerk- in the office-- of eith.-r, and
have access to the archives therein deposited/' be, and the
same is also hereby repealed.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that there could
not be an instance presented of the impropriety
of general legislative provisions upon an appro-
priation bill more apparent than the one which
is now before the Senate. In 1855, Congress
undertook to revise the consular system, the sys-
tem on which the Senator from Georgia has
pronounced a eulogy. What were the difficulties
| at that time ? You had your consulships filled in
! a great measure by persons who owed no alle-
! giance to this Government, and yet you had gone
| on year after year, devolving one class and an-
j other of diplomatic services on those persons, or
i services quasi diplomatic. Instead of being kept
1 To their appropriate duty of mere agents of com-
1 merce, you made them officers of this Govern-
ment, and in many cases you vested the whole
diplomatic authority of the Government in the
hands of the consul. He was for the present
your Minister. You were forced to do tuts oy
circumstances. This induced Congress to pro-
vide for a reorganization of the consular srsicm,
■ and to declare that, inasmuch as these oncers
were vested to a large extent with the affairs of
i the Government abroad, no person except a cit-
j izen— whether native or naturalized makes 110
difference—should have access to the archives of
the consul. That was the beginning of the whole
matter, and Congress must either return to the
system which the Senator from Georgia admires,
with all its imperfections—imperfections which
had been felt for years—imperfections which Con-
gress determined to remedy—-or we must vote
down the proposition now made by the Senator
from Texas.
! As soon as you provided that no foreigner
j should have access to the records of the consulate,
; it became absolutely indispensable that in couti-
] tries where another language than the English
! was spoken, the consul should have an agent—
I whether you call him a clerk, or a pupil, or a
J secretary, makes no difference—familiar with the
I language and local usages of the place. You have
I not changed the interpreter at Constantinople for
twelve or fifteen years—probably a longer period.
That has been no place of favoritism. That has
been no place of political appointment. Your
Minister has gone there year after year, and you
; have always kept the same interpreter, 1; is the
■ purpose, as I understand, of thi.s clause to which
1 Senators object, to inaugurate the s.une policy,
to prevent the very evil of whuh tiie tv-nator
from Geotgia speaks, to wit: that all your con-
sulships are to become rewards f<>r political ser-
vices. But, sir, it does not follow, as my fueiid
from Mississippi seems to think, if wo do not
repeal this clause, that any of tin se consular
pupils will be appointed. If it did follow—if we
had absolutely created the olace, and required
the President to fill it, there might be borne argu-
ment for now repealing 'his section; but it is
purely discretionary with the President to appoint
such an o'iieer. He is not bound in appoint hull.
He has nr.i appointed any such oilier thus lar,
and he icrtamly will not, knowing the fact that
Congress lias refused an appropriation, make
any si:' li appointment until Congress has author-
ized it; and ihe proof is 111 another section of this
In pursuance of the same general policy ele-
vating your consuls from the mere position of
coinnt'Toial agents to the position of diplomatic
" -glee, you have provided for
j )u have authorized the pres-
consul to the rank of consul"
0   That is the provision", and when so
raised, hi' ia to have a certain salary which vou
have set down in the law. The President has
oiiici-rs in some d
cuiibiils-gi netal: yo
ident to 1;
genera!
