1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
j{r. THOMPSON, of Ke^ucky. As a dis-
tinct, substantive proposition, I am in fator of
the amendment to the amendment; but I shall
vote " No."
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
Mr. Mason's amendment to the amendment of
Mr. Rusk, resulted — yeas 14, nays 21; as fol-
lows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Clay, Crittenden,Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter, Jones* of Iowa, Mailory,
Mason, t'ugh, Stuart, ;iihI Toucey—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Biggs, Brodliead, Brown, Collamer, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Hale, Houston, Xverson, Reid,
Rusk, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson,
and Yulee—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Rusk.
Mr. BAYARD. The intention of the present
amendment is to repeal the legislation of the last
session of Congress, connected with a general
bill in reference to the consular system. I admit
that I think the bill lias many crudities. I think
it wants amendment; but if we persist in the
course of amending it by attaching to appropria-
tion bills a measure of this kind, we oughtat least
to do it when there is something more than a bare
quorum of the Senate present. I move, therefore,
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I think we had
better go on and dispose of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Rusk, resulted—yeas 23,
nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Brodliead, Blown, Collamer. Crittenden, Dodge,
JDurkce, Fesscmten, Fiall, Fitzpatnek, Foot, Fo^tei, Hale,
Ilou-ton, Ivivon. Malloty, Uu k, Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumtiull, Wilde, Wilson, and Yulee—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Allen. Bayard, Biggs, Clay, Evans,
Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Masou, Pugll, lteid, Stuart, and
Toucey—lii.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now renew the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] as a new section — as a distinct
amendment.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator cannot reach his
object unless he includes in the repeal the twen-
ty-first section of the act of 1856, which contains
a similar proposition. I shall vote against this
amendment for the same reason as against the
other—that I consider it general legislation on an
appropriation bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in, and ordered to ije
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK.
Mr. 1VERS0N. Mr. President, the hour is
rather late, I confess, to move to take up any
other measure to-day; but owing to my peculiar
situation, I shall ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill making appropriations
for the construction of a' Navy depot at Blythe
Island, in Brunswick, in the State of Georgia.
1 ask it because my health is so very bad, that I
way not be able to be here for several days. I
am "suffering not only pain, but agony, from a
neuralgic affection which I have had for the last
few days. This is a bill in which I feel a per-
sonal interest, and my State is deeply interested
in it, so much so that she lias instructed her Sen-
ators and Representatives to use their influence
to have the bill passed. The bill was made the
special order for the second Monday of Decem-
ber, and was not taken up then in consequence
of the absence of the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Mallory,] chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and was postponed to a subsequent day,
at which time the Senator not being present, as
an act of courtesy to him it was passed over; and
it has remained m tliat situation from time to
time, giving way to the bill for the relief of the
revolutionary officers
That having been disposed of, I feel that it
now has the next place, inasmuch as it was post-
poned for that bill and for the accommodation of
the Senator from Florida. I trust the Senate
■will indulge me in taking it up to-day. I am
advised that a motion will be made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs to re-
commit the bill to that committee. Although I
shall object to and protest most solemnly and
earnestly against that motion, still I should like
to have the question decided to-day. If a major-
ity of the Senate are in favor of recommitting the
bfll, that will be the end of it for the present,
perhaps for the session. If, however, the Senate
shall refuse to recommit the bill, then, if the Sen-
ate desires to adjourn, I will consent to let it pass
over until to-morrow as the unfinished business.
If I am able to be herefto-morrow I shall be pre-
sent; if not, my colleague and its other friends
will take care of it. I move, therefore, that the
prior orders be suspended, and that the Senate
take up the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Will it be in order after
the bill is taken up to move to recommit it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such a motion
will be in order. '
Mr. HALE. If the Senate adjourns in this
stage of the case, will not this bill come up to-
morrow morning after the morning hour has
expired, without special action? It being the
special order, and the Senate adjourning with this
motion left as the unfinished business, will it not
come up to-moiTow as a matter of course ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not
come upas unfinished business unless it be made
the special order.
Mr. HALE. It has been made the special
order for to-day, I understand. My impressions
are in favor of the bill. I expect to vote for it,
and hope to vote for it; but there are some mat-
ters which 1 desire to examine before being pre-
pared to vote for it, and I would rather that it
should lie over until to-morrow.
Mr RUSK. * There is no proposition to push
it to a final vote to-day.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to take up the bill for con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 301) authorizing
the establishment of a Navy depot on Blythe
Island, at Brunswick, on the coast of Georgia,
and for other purposes.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I will
briefly state the reasons for the motion. First, I
will say to the Senate, that it is with no object
of defeating the bill; for I personally desire that
it shall be reported back immediately, favorably
or unfavorably. When the bill came from the
House of Representatives at the last session, it
never went to the Committee on Naval Affaus.
Thatcommittee have not had the bill before them.
I retained the bill in my possession, and the com-
mittee had no meeting, and consequently could
not consider it. I refused to report it until in-
structed to do so by a majority of the committee,
and then did so. Subsequently I have been
instructed by a majority of" the eommiitee, as the
bill had never been considered by them m com-
mittee, to move to refer it back to that commit-
tee. I do not suppose that the object is to defeat
the bill. I have no such object. I will endeavor
to'report it back within a few days, at all events.
One consideration is, that since the bill was
before the Senate, the State of South Caro-
lina has, by resolutions of her Legislature, sent
here an application for the establishment of a
naval rendezvous or depot at Port Royal. I hud
before the Naval Committee also a proposition
to establish a naval depot at Amelia Island, asked
by the Legislature of Florida, and referred to
that committee at the last session of Congress. I
was not aware of that before. These proposi-
tions are all before the committee; and I presume
the object of the majority of the committee in
desiring the bill to be referred to them, is to con-
sider and report upon these propositions at once,
and ascertain what is the best point south for the
construction of a naval rendezvous. In connec-
tion with that subject, we have before the com-
mittee a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy as to the depth and capacity and suitable-
ness of Port Royal for a rendezvous.
These are all the facts. It is perfectly imma-
terial to me whether the bill is recommitted or
not. I make the motion in obedience to the in-
struction of a majority of the committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs reporied I his bill to the Senate at the last
session, p ccisely as a great many other bills are
actually reported. Whether tlfey met in their
room or not is, I suppose, a matter of fact cor-
rectly stated by the chairman; but a majority of
the committee reported the bill for sufficient rea-
sons. If the majority of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs give as a reason for recommitment
that they want to bring in other or further facts,
the motion might be considered; butthe only fact
now mentioned is one that was discussed at the
last session in reference to Port Royal. It is not
a new name. I will state the history of this case.
Two years ago, when I deemed it advisable
for the public defense that there  hou!d be some
naval yard between the capes of Virginia and
Cape Sable, of Florida, I introduced a resolution
directing the Secretary of the Navy to report to
the. Senate the best point for such a purpose
between the capes of Virginia and Florida, so
that the object lie had before him was a single
one, without indicating any preference. The
Secretary of the Navy sent m the surveys, and
recommended Brunswick. So far as the surveys
about Port Royal are concerned, I can give gen-
tlemen the surveys which have been made there
by the officers of this Government, which are all
the committee can give. I have them from the
Coast Survey. Every fact that he can imagine
important for the proper decision of this question
is now in the hands of the members of the Senate,
or can be obtained. All is to be found in the
reports of the Secretary of the Navy and the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey. I have it,
and can give it to the chairman of the committee,
if he has not already got it. It is from the office
of the Coast Survey, containing the comparative
merits of all the points, what amount of water is
at Poit Royal and other points. Simply to say
that there is an application for a naval depot
somewhere else, I think is no sufficient reason
why the Senate should recommit the bill.
1 am perfecily willing that the comparative
merits of this and any other points in the United
States should be discussed, and I presume they
will be. The gentlemen from South Carolina,
doubtless have all the necessary information. I
know I have on that point. There is nothing
about which to refer it that I know of—nothing
arising certainly since the committee made their
last report. If there bo any fact, any point, any
information, any plea, since the last continuance,
in any form—for that ought to be the only"basis
for a recommittal—demanding it,itwould be well
enough; but whatever .may have been the inten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, the effect is to defeat the bill, and there-
fore 1 oppose the motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust the vote on the mo-
tion to refer will not be taken to-day. The Senate
is thin, and some of the members of the commit-
tee are absent; and I do not suppose they believed
the question was coming up to-day. I shall not
press the matter. I would rather the vote be
taken to-morrow on the recommittal. The Sen-
ator fi om Georgia is mistaken if he supposes the
Committee on Naval Affairs, either individually
or collectively, considered the question. I think
they did not. The majority who" instructed me
to report the bill had not the facts before them.
I do not know whether they Will change their
minds on the subject. I have no authority to
speak for them.
Mr. 1VERSON. In reply to the suggestion
just made by the Senator from Florida, that there
are some members of the Naval Committee not
present who were not aware that this bill would
betaken up, I beg leave to state that I have uni-
formly said to any gentleman having any interest
in the bill, that 1 should move to take itup imme-
diately after the disposition of the revolutionary
claims bill; and I stated to the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr-. Butler,] that to-day I should
move, immediately after the consular and diplo-
matic bill was disposed of, that it should be taken
up. If he is not here, it is his own fault. It
would be useless to postpone the consideration of
the bill to allow other gentlemen who are enemies
of the bill to be present.
The effect of the motion if it prevailwill be to
defeat the bill. I will not charge the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs with this m-
tention; but whatever may be the design, certainly
