1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•37-5
resolutions on which the previous question is to be
movt-d but simple resolutioiif to which there will
be no objection, and bills for reference; anil that
no lvsofution adopted or bill introduced under
this oider shall be subject to motions to recon-
sidt r. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Georgia if he intends,
under that resolution, that every gentleman shall
have a right to introduce his bill and have it re-
ferred, and that no one can object to it?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Not at all.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to in-
quire whether the order asked for by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has been
entered }
The SPEA KER. It has not been received as
an order of the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Georgia whether it is his intention to
insert one hour or two hours in his resolution ?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. One hour.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
JtCiolml, Thai one lioin be set opart foi tl ' call of the
States and TVrntorirs foi such resolutions and bills a* aie
not oiijeeii'tl to 101 tin1 pm pose of leference, ami onwlneh
the p:i'vums que-tion shall not be called, noi motions to
re<.iin-iih'i onteitamed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to be in-
formed as to one thing I am going to offer a
hill to-day, and shall make a motion to suspend
the rules. Will this proposition interfere with
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. If the House
agree to the suspension of the rules, the order of
tiie gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ciisb] tfill be
first executed, and then the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] will be m
order.
The question was taken on Mr. Conn's motion;
and the rules were suspended—one hundred and
nine members voting therefor.
llr. COBIJ, of Georgia. I move the previous
question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, ill pursuance of the order,
proceeded to call the States for bills and resolu-
tions, commencing with the State of Maine.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, introduced a bill
for the construction of a suitable fire-proof build-
ing of stone, for the accommodation of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, and the
several offices connected therewith, and the post-
office, at Hartford, Connecticut; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SAGE introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resoh-etJ, That the Piosnlcnt be leijnested to fin msh to
thi.-* Moiiho'all cor)pj-potidonco and doeumcst^ not incom-
patible u ith the public interest, relating to Indian affairs in
the department of the Pacific—those or the inteiKh as well
as tho^e of the \V«u Department.
Mr. SPINNER offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Becietary of the Tua-ury be ic-
qiu'sted to inform fats Iloiwe whether the public mteieete
require any alteration, and if so, what, of the law of the >
first section of this Congress authorizing the con-trueuon i
of a cu-jroni-houso and post office at Ogilousburg, m the
State of New York.
Mr. BROOM asked unanimous consent for
leave to introduce a joint resolution respecting
the account of Le Gaze and Malict on the books j
of the Treasury Department.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. FLORENCE offered the following res-
olution:
ilrsohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
allowi d a cleric, and be paid the same compensation is
allowed to other cleiks to stauumg commit!ee-oi the House
ot ilepienentauve.s, and be paid only iui the umc so em-
ployed. ^
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
On motion of Mr. McQ,UEEX, ii was
Ordered, That leave be gianted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Lieuten-
ant Evans, and that they be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
1^\ PAINE offered the following resolution,
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to report to tins House the expediency ot establishing a
light-boat or light-house at the marshes at the head of Patn-
hee f?ound.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was referred, under the rules, to the
Committee on Printing;
Resolved, That there be printed one thousand copies of
the repor' of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
and accompanying documents, for the u^e of the office.
Mr. LAKE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on Commerce
1)0 instructed to inquire into the propriety of erecting a
custom-house and post office at the city of Vicksburg, in
the State of Mississippi, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, introduced,
in behalf of his colleague, [Mr. Bakksdale,]
who was detained at home by illness, a bill grant-
ing land to the State of Mississippi to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Louisville to
Macon, in said State; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. QUITMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of constituting the port of
Biloxi a port of entiy and delivery, and that they be at lib-
erty to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. TAYLOR offered the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas it is of national importance that the communi-
cation between the Atlantic and Pacific coastsofthe United
States by mail should be as frequent, speedy, and regular
a* the mean* within the reach of the Government will
admit of: Therefote be it
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
1'oy.t Koadb be instructed to inquire—
First, What if the iKual length of time mjuiied for the
tratifportatum of the matJs fioni the city of New Yoik to
San Francisco, in California, and ftom the city of New
Oilcan*. to San Fianci-seo, in California, ovei the routes now
('■vt.ibli-.hcd and made u.-.c of undei the autlioiity of the
Covernuu'iit? How often the fail mails air otdeied to be
Iran-ported over said joules ? Uow many, and what, fail-
ures there have bcsi on each of the s>aul routes, on the part
of the conti.ietor*, to tiaii^poit the said mails within the
schedule time? Whatu tin; present contract price lor the
muI maih on the r-aid routes ; and what is the amount of
the fines, if any, which have been imposed on the said con-
uaetors, either oi both, on either or both of said routes, for
the le-.pecuve railuies to transport the mails agieeably to
their respective contiaet«;
Second, What would be the time required for the trans-
portation of mails fiom the cities of New Orleans and New
yoik lc&pectivcly, to San Fiancisco, m California, by the
w.i v of the isthmus of Tehuantepec, when the road now m
thecoiuse of construction across the said isthmus is com-
pleted, and m operation ; and,
Third, Whether it is not now expedient to authorize the
PoMmastei General to entej into contracts to secure the
transportation of a weekly mail fiom the city of New Oi-
lcans, and fiom the city of New York, by the way of the
hthmus of Tehuantepec, to San Franc^co, in California,
whenever the said road acioss the isthmus of Tehuantepec
is completed and m actual opeiation ; and to icpoiuothis
Jjout.0 by resolution, bill, or otherwise.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to have the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from Louisiana amended,
so as to instruct the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads to inquire and report to this
House, the distance and time required for the
transportation of the mail from the city ef Mo-
bile, via the Tehuantepec route, to the Pacific j
coast, for the purpose of ascertaining which is |
the nearest route. j
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only S
be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. TAYLOR. I object.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BLISS introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means:
Inasmuch as the power of Congress to levy duties for
the purpose of revenue should, like all other powers, be
so used as not to oppress or injure any class of citizens, or
bianch of industiy, but to extend such incidental aid and
protection as is consistent with the objects of the Consti-
tution ; and as the power imposes no obligation to tax
equally all imports, a discrimination should be made, and
the tax assessed m such manner as shall impose the least
burden,and confer the greatest incidental benefit: There-
fore
Rcbolved, That in the contemplated and desirable read-
justment of the tariff, so as to leduce the revenue to the
actual wants of Government, and so long as we rely upon
tariffs for revenue, articles which cannot be produced at
home, or to the production of winch in good quality and
sufficient quantity the country is not adapted, especially
if the necessaries ot lite, should be admitted free, or at a
low tax; but no material deduction should be made upon
articles of general and successful growth, and manufac-
ture within the States.
Resolved, That as articles of prime necessity, the pro-
duction of which at home in any considerable quantity is
and must be confined to mere neighborhoods, and be far
less than the demand, sugar and salt should be admitted
free, or at the lowest duty.
Resolved, That the admission of foreign wool free, or at
a nominaUluty, while imposing a.full- tax upon articles of
its manufacture, would be an unwarrantable discrimination
against a most important and general branch of .agriculture,
an mdireetbountyto the production of other countries, and
opposed to all just principles of taxation.
Mr. CAMPBELL; of Ohio, introduced a bill
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen and
boatmen; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways arid
Means.
Mr. STANTON introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered,and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to procure from the clerks of the several.circuit and district
courts of the Umte4&Statc.s the number of cases upon the
dockets of their several circuits and distnets since the 1st
of January, 1856, and report the same to the House of Rep-
resentatives at the opening of its sessional December next.
Mr. H. MARSHALL introduced a joint reso-
lution to repeal portions of an act therein named;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BURNETT introduced a bill to repair,
refit, and refurnish the marine hospital at Padu-
cah, Kentucky; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. ^
Mr. MACE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee inquire into the
expediency of reporting a bill to provide for the election of
United States Senators by the people.
Mr. KEITT objected.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, introduced a joint
resolution to return to the land office at vin-
cennes, Indiana, certain deeds transmitted to the
General Land Office by the board of commission-
ers appointed to ascertain and adjust the title to
certain lands in Indiana, approved July 27,1854;
which was read a first and second time, and, to-
gether with an accompanying letter from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WOODWORTH offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into tiie expediency of requiring the
several clerks ofthedistnct and circuit courts of the United
States to return to the Attorney General all applications
and decrees' in bankruptcy, under the act of 1841 for that
purpose, with accompanying dates; and requiring, in the
Attorney Geneial's office, an alphabetical arrangement of
the same.
Mr. SNEED objected.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, asked leave
to introduce the.following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
reaed to liiquue into the disposition which has been made
by the Legislature of the State of Iowa of that portion of
the public lands, granted to the said State of Iowa by the
act of Congress ot May 15, 1856, entitled "An act making
a giant of lands to the State of Iowa in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of certain lailroadsiniaid State,"
which provides for the construction of a railroad from the
city of Dubuque to a pointon the Missouri uvci near Sioux
City, with a bianeh liom ttie mouth of the T6te des Morts,
to the near.est point on the s=aul road, to be completed as
soon as the main road is completed to that point; whether
the said State ha-deposed of the same to any railroad com-
pany, and if so, to what company ; and what conditions, if
any", were imposed upon such company by the Raid State,
and whether such company has complied with the condi-
tions of the said giant made by Congress, or whether it has
evaded the conditions of said grant; and that the said com-
mittee have power to send for persons and papeis.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, objected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, introduced the fol-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to communicate to this House a copy of the letter
appointing Ninian Edwaids supeuntendent of the Wabash.
Salines ; aNo the length of time said superintendent con-
tinued to act as such, the amount charged by said superin-
tendent for his services, and the amount, if any, allowed,
and paid to him for the t,ame.
Mr. ALLEN offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee 06 Printing be requested
to inquire into the expediency of printingan extra number
of copies of executive document No. 96, for the use ol tne
members of this House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What document
is that? .
The SPEAKER. The resolution does not
specify it. . .
Mr. ALLEN. It is the document containing
the mortality statistics.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. KENNETT introduced the following
