378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point J
of order not well taken. A motion to reconsider (
is a motion which has several privileges in the j
House according to the rules; and it is impos- |
sibie flh- the Chair to rule it out on the ground
on which the gentleman stands.
Mr. STEPHEJNS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I shall
appeal from that decision.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 am desired by the investi-
gating committee to present a resolution to the
House.
Mr. STEPHENS. Does not my motion to
adjourn take precedence?
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Georgia
will allow the resolution to be reported.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will yield for the purpose,
if it be the unanimous wish of the House; but
the House must first acton the question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to let
this appeal come up again.
Mr. Kelsey's resolution was then read, con-
sidered, and agreed to; as follows:
Resolved, That the committee appointed to investigate
charges that members of this House have entered into cor-
rupt combinations for the purpose of passing and prevent-
ing the passage of certain measures, during the present
Congress, have ieave to sit during the sessions of the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia- I ask the gentleman
from Georgia to allow me to submit a proposition !
which affects no interest in the world except that j
of two persons. i
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw the motion to !
adjourn for that purpose. }
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I can state the case '
in two or three words*, and I presume there can i
be no difficulty in regard to it. A colored man 1
died in this city some time since worth consider- j
able property, leaving a slave wife and two slave ;
sons. As the law now stands, they cannot in- j
herit the property. This bill is to enable the .
United States to relinquish any right it possesses ;
to the property of these persons, on their being ;
manumitted by their owners. j
Mr. RUFFIJS. I object. !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to suspend |
the rules. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has the floor for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But he yielded the
floor forme to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. It can only be received by
general consent, in the present condition of the
business before the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, i move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the motion until I submit amo-
tion for an order to print some executive com-
munications to the Committee of Ways and
Means in reference to the memorial for extra com-
pensation.
The order to print was made.
BILLS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER presented several bills and
reports from the Court of Claims. The bills
were referred to the Committee of Claims, and
the adverse reports ordered to be placed on the
Private Calendar and printed.
Mr. ANDERSON. I ask that some estimates
from the General Land Office be printed ajid' re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Mfeans.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The General
Land Office has no right to send estimates to tins
House. They should come from the Treasury.
J object.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEPHENS,
the House (at half past three o'clock p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 20, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGGS presented the memorial of Thomas
Raper and the heirs of William Reed, praying
to be allowed the value of certain preemption
claims under the Cherokee treaty of !tf35; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr, WELLER presented the petition of J.C. j
Tucker, praying- the reimbursement of certain j
expenses incurred, and additional compensation
for services performed by him, as commercial
agent of the United States to the Republic of
Honduras; which was referred to the Committee I
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
Troy Union Railroad Company, and of other
citizens of the United States, for a grant of the
right of way, and an appropriation for the con-
struction of a Pacific Central railroad; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of New York, in favor of increasing the
efficiency of the life-boat stations on our coast,
and of compensating the persons employed in
rescuing life and property by means of life-boats;
which-was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Demp-
sey Pittman, for an act amendatory of the act for
his relief, passed August 16, 1856; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of a
mass-convention of citizens of Kansas, for an
appropriation of public lands for the purposes of
education in that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of citizens
of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, for the
adoption of measures for increasing the trade of
the United States with Africa; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial of
owners, masters, and pilots of vessels engaged
in the navigation of the Ohio river, for the en-
largement of the Louisville and Portland canal;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That Alexander Lee have leave to withdraw
his petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That John Perry have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers. " i
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ctjllom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 751) for the
relief of Robert Davis; in which it requests the
concurrence of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President *of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed the
following enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of J. Randolph Clay;
An act for the relief of Hannah F. Niles;
A resolution accepting the portrait of John
Hampden, presented to Congress by John Mac-
Gregor:
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to
promote the efficiency of the Navy;"
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of Sarah Crandall, deceased; and
A resolution to authorize the Secretary of State
and the Secretary of Interior to settle the claim
of William Carey Jones for certain services.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 751) for the relief of
i Robert Davis was read the first and second
times by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom \?ras referred the petition of
William Nason and others, legal representatives
of John Lord, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 508) for the relief of the hejrs-
at-law of Abigail Nason, sister and devisee of
John Lord, deceased; which was read, and passed
to a stcond reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 494) authorizing the construction of a
diy-dock for the naval service, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy, Submitted a report, accompane d
by a bill (S. ]Sro. 510) for his relief. The biii
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be punted.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 30) concerning Wolf UUnd, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS. I hold in my hand a great num-
ber of petitions which have been referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims. They all
allege that the ancestors of the petitioners served
to the end of the revolutionary war, and were
entitled to commutation or half pay. Since the
establishment of the Court of Claims, where such
subjects are psoperly adjudicated, the committee
think that, except in peculiar cases, they ought
not to interfere. I have therefore been instructed
to report them back, with a resolution that the
committee be discharged from the farther con-
sideration of them, and that the parties have leave
to withdraw their papers, for the purpose of le-
ferring them to the Court of Claims, if they think
proper.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the mcmona
of lliehard T. Spot^wood, and theothet lieirs of John Spois-
wood ; the petition of the children and heirs of Fr.ui"j*
Lavai nay; the petition of the hens of James Campbell;
the petition ot the hens of Simon Summers; the pou;i"ii
of the heir of John Ilmkley; the petition of Samuel ii.
Sawyer, heir of Samuel Savrver; the memorial of the ad-
ministrator de bonit, non of William Bienl; t!i" petition of
Daniel LutlefleJd, one of the heiis-at-lav; or Iiann-l i ■uie-
field, deceased : the petition of the d<jvi-te of J = 1Ioi,k7
deceased; the memorial or the children and lhjii — at-law
of David Toinhn-son; the memonaj of heir- ot oiik-ei-> f
the Virginia Continental hue: the mcui-ji nil of th" liens
ol L'nah Fouest; the petition ot John MeCifan: ihe pi ri-
tion ot Sarah P. Gieene, hur of John Pani-h : the p-Ji.uen
of the administrator of William Irwin, deeea-ed ; u\o p-a-
tionrf of the heir^ of David Dorranee; two pennons oi the
heir-, of Samuel Logan; tne petition of tne hen- of Da\id
Sweezey ; the petition of the heirs of John Belknap : the
petition of the hens of George P. Fro<t; the petition ot ihe
heirs of Frederick Bellinger : and the petition ot the huis
ot David Brooks.
Oil motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Relation* be
di-citarged from the further consideration of the petition of
Geoige W. Fletcher, and that it be refeired to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
discharged from the fuither consideratio i of the petition
of V, G. Audubon, the memorial of li. S. Field, and the
memorial and papeis. of Philo S. Sheltou.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Th->ata- J.
PaLre,and that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of David Butler, repoitcd
upon adversely by the Committee on Naval Allairs, he
recommitted to that committee.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Foieign .Relations he
discharged from the further consideration of the join* re-oiu-
non (S. No. 15) concerning the discovery of guano islands.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER,agreeably to notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 511) sup-
plemental to an act entitled " An act to ascertain
and settle the private land claims of the State of
California," approved 3d March, 1851; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CODFISH BOUNTIES.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 50D) repealing all laws, or parts of laws,
allowing bounties to vessels employed in the
bank and other cod-fisheries; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, before moving a
reference of that bill, I wish to state a few facts
derived from authentic sources, which 1 presume
arc not known in the country generally, or indeed
by many members of Congress; because, if those
facts had been known, I do not believe this bounty
would have been so long paid totheeod-%hermen
of two or three New England States.
This pet nursling of the Government from its
foundation, with the intermission of nix years,
has drawn in the aggregate about ten millions or
