THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
the policy of the Government from the beginning. !
He most iuvv-e acquired some.light which was
.concealed from and never shone upon ail the great |
men that have gone before us, or at any rate, a '
vary considerable majority of them, who have '
succeeded in getting these laws upon the statute-
book, and preserving the policy originally estab-
lish* d. I trust, sir, that wberi the Senator conies ;
-to examine the matter—or, as ho says he has ex-
amined the matter, when he comes to make his
views known to the Senate, it may be found that
there are two sides to the question—that it is not
so exceedingly clear all on one side as he sup-
poses it to lie.
I have no doubt that there have been errors in
practice in relation to this matter. Still, I believe
that the good has overbalanced the evil; and I
trust that the friends of this policy will be able
to show, not only that it was founded in right
reason in the first place, but that the same right
rcitson has continued its existence to the present
day. At any rate, sir, they will attempt it; and
where the question comes before the Senate, if
it ever does under the report of the committee,
'the friends of the policy, if any friends of it
should be found on examination, will then have
an opportunity to express their views to the Sen-
ate.
Mr CLAY. I do not propose to continue the
debate. If I use harsh terms of this bounty, they
are fully justified by the testimony of the Sen-
ator's own constituents. I repeat what they
prove; and I refer him to them to settle the pro-
priety and justice of my accusations. They make
thc$ —X repeat them.
As to the bounty which, he says, has formed
part of the policy of the Government from its
foundation, 1 will here say that, when the act of
1792—thefirst direct absolute undisguised bounty
law—was passed, it was condemned by Mr. Jef-
ferson, in a report as Secretary of State of that
day, as unconstitutional. I shall examine, at the
proper time, tho manner in which they have man
aged to get this bounty, notwithstanding, as I
regard it, its unconstitutionality and its extreme
injustice. I cannot feel kind or generous towards
tyranny. I know no greater tyranny m any Gov-
ernment than that of taking money out of the
pockets of one class of the community, and put-
ting'it into tho pockets of another, not in consid-
eration of public service, but in consideration of
their doins their own business.
Mr. HUNTER. I have assented to this ref-
erence, and am willing to assent to it, because the
Senator from Alabama, who introduced the bill,
is a member of the Committee on Commerce. I
merely rise, however, for the purpose of saving
the question of jurisdiction. My opinion is, that
of right and naturally it should go to the Com-
mittee on Finance; but I think the proper direc-
tion now is the Committee on Commerce, as the
author of the bill is a member of that committee.
The bill was referred to tho Committee on
Commerce.
■JAMES P. FLEMING.
Mr. RUSK. I am directed to report back from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and recommend the passage of a bill from the
House of Representatives (No. 43G) for the
relief of James P. Fleming, of Augusta, Georgia.
It is a very short bill, and I should be glad to
have it considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill. It proposes to appropriate the sum ut'$1,450
for his relief, in payment for extra services in
transporting the mails on route No. 33313, in
1S5J.
1 he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed
OCEAXIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. SEWARD. I gave notice last week, with
the cons.-lit of the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, that I should ask
the Senate this morning to take up the bill re-
poned by the Post Office Committee, to expedite
telegraphic communication for the use of the
Government m its oceanic intercourse, and half
past twelve o'clock was the hour indicated. 1
as-k the Senate this morning to take it up, in order
that it may be unfinished business for half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
I The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- j
! eeeded, asin Committee of the Whole, to consider j
\ tho bill. |
j Mr. SEWARD. I move that the further con-'
j sideraiion of the bill be postponed until to-mor-!
1 row, at half past twelve o 'clock, and be made the
special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolutions of August 4, 1856, and January 9,
1857, a report from the Secretary of State, in ref-
erence to the alleged expulsion of American citi-
zens by the Venezuelan Government from certain
islands where they were collecting guano; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
THE HERMITAGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting copies of a commu-
nication from his Excellency Andrew Johnson,
Governor of the State of Tennessee, tendering to
j the Government of the United States five hundred
i acres of the late residence of Andrew Jackson,
! including the mansion, tomb, and other lmprove-
| mcnts, known as the " Hermitage," upon the
; terms and eonditionsof the actof the Legislature
! of Tennessee, which is also communicated.
! Mr. STUA RT. I think the petition is that
| a hospital be located on that ground; the proper
; reference, therefore, would be to the Committee on
; Military Affairs. I move to refer it to thatcom-
1 mittee.
i The motion was agreed to.
I THE BRITISH BARIC RESOLUTE.
' The PP„ESi DENT pro tempore also laid#before
| the Senate a message from the President of the
| United States, communicating information as to
i the steps taken to carry into effect the joint rcso-
| lution of Congress of the 28tli of August, 1856,
| relative to the restoration of the shin Resolute
i to her Cntannic Majesty's service. A letter from
j her Majesty's Minister for Foreign Affairs is
, communicated to Congress m conformity with his
request, and copies of correspondence from the
files of theStateand Navy Departments are trans-
; mitted, apprising Congress of the mannerin which
i the joint resolution has been executed, and show-
I ing how agreeable the proceeding has been to her
, Majes'y's Government.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the message and
; documents were laid on tho table, and ordered to
j be printed.
! Mr. FOSTER. As this is a subject on which
the country, [ am persuaded, feels a great degree
; of interest, I hope that an extra number of the
i copies of that correspondence will be printed,
j Mr. WELLER. The Senator can make that
! motion now, and it will go to the Committee on
I Printing.
] Mr. FOSTER. I move that two thousand
; additional copies be printed.
| The motion was referred to the Committee on
| Printing.
| WILLIAM L. OLIVER.
! Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
! Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
' the bill (H. R. No. 51G) for the benefit of Wllliam
| L. Oliver, to report it back without amendment,
I and ask for its consideration now. It is a bill for
! the relief of one of my constituents, who is a poor
i man.
| The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
j Whole, to consider the bill, which proposes to
i direct the Secretary of the Interior to place the
• name of William L. Oliver, of Davis county, in
the State of Iowa, upon the roll of invalid pen-
, sioni'i'-!, and pay him fiom the 1st of January,
1856, tho sum of ten dollars per month during his
natural hfi .
Mr. IIUNTF.R. Is there a report in that
case? Ifso, 1 should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Talbott, in the House of Representatives, on
the 25th of July last, from which it appears that
the memorialist \ olunteered in the late war be-
tween the United States and Mexico, at Indian-
apolis, in the State of Indiana, on or about the
15th day of June, 1846, and became a sergeant in
company II, commanded by Captain John Mc-
Dougal, in the first regiment of Indiana volun-
teers, commanded by Colonel James P. Drake,
and entered upon the duties of his station m due
course of time. Previous to and up to the time
he voluntered he enjoyed good health, and the
free use of his faculties and limbs, and was sound
in body and mind. Some time after he com-
menced the duties of sergeant, and while employed
in the defense of his country, and exposed to the
hardships incident to the duties of a soldier, he
became lame in his right arm, and unable fo per-
form the duties devolving upon him; and becom-
ing otherwise sick and feeble, and unable to bear
the fatigues of the campaign, he was honorably
discharged at camp Rio Grande, at the mouth of
that river, on or about the 8th of September,
1846. The lameness referred to in his right arm,
so far from improving or having been removed,
has continued to grow worse and worse, until it
has become so fixed and of such a character as to
render it impossible for him to pursue his occu-
pation—that of a carpenter and joiner—by which
he had hoped and endeavored to procure a com-
fortable livelihood for himself and family. He is
a poor man, without property, except a small
house and lot in the town of Bloomfield; has a
wife and two children depending upon him and
his efforts for support. Notwithstanding his dis-
j abilities, he has struggled to make a competency
j by his occupation until about a year ago, since
which time he has been compelled to abandon it
altogether, which leaves him and his family now
1 in an entirely dependent situation.
! Mr. HUNTER. I ask the chairman of the
| Committee on Pensions, why did not this man
! apply at the Department under the general law?
Has he ever applied there?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes.
Mr. HUNTER. And been refused ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I believe so.
1 Mr. HUNTER. Then it had better lie over,
i Let it lie on the Private Calendar, and take its
turn. If it was refused at the Department, it
must have been for a good reason.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If my friend had time
to examine the papers, he would see that the
petitioner ought to have been paid one year be-
fore he applied for this pension. He believed,
however, that his arm would be restored to its
usefulness, and that he would not be compelled
to call on the Government of his country for
i assistance. He therefore abstained from making
j application until two years ago. This report
| was made last year in the House of Represent-
j atives, and the bill has passed that House at this
! session. I think it is a meritorious case, and I
i know he is a meiitorious man, and that he would
j not call on the Government of his country to
i assist him if he was able to sustain himself and
family.
Mr. CLAY. I dislike to object to the passage
of this bill, on account of the Senator from Iowa;
but we have established rules to which we ought
to conform, and wc should not depart from them,
except, perhaps, in very extraordinary and pecu-
liar cases. Being a member of the Committee on
Pensions, I know the impropriety and folly of
our departing from the general rules which we
have laid down to govern the Pension bureau.
There are now on the statute-book general laws
which entitle this man to a bounty if he incurred
■any disability in the public service during the war
with Mexico. Why should we take from the
Pension Office the jurisdiction of this question?
Why not refer it there? If he can make the re-
quisite proof, he will get this pension. We are
not as competent to decide upon questions of
testimony as the Commissioner of Pensions, and
I am not willing to take from the Executive
Departments their proper functions to discharge
them here. Hence I feel constrained to objcctto
the passage of this bill. It will establish a vicious
precedent, which I have refused hitherto to fol-
low, and which, I think, tho Committee on Pen-
sions has heretofore refused to adopt. I must
insist that we shall not pass this bill without fur-
ther examination. As I understand the Senator
from Iowa, the petitioner has alreadyiseen re-
fused a pension at the Pension Office. Why did
the Commissioner refuse?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Simply for the reason
that the law does notauthorize the Commissioner
