1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
of Pensions to pay him more than eight dollars
a month. He has not lost his arm, but it is en-
tirely useless to him, and, therefore, he is in a
worse condition than if he had lost it. If his
arm were off, ho would be entitled to a pension
•of sixteen dollars per month. lie makes Ins
application directly to Congress, because he wants
more tlian eight dollars, which would be all he
would be entitled to under the general law if he
went to the Commissioner. This bill only gives
him two dollars more than he would be entitled
to if he went through the regular course. That
he abstained from attempting to do for three
years, always under the hope and expectation
that the use of his arm would be restored to him.
I am sure it is a very meritorious case. It is the
second pension case that has ever come here from
my State.
Mr. CLAY. I suppose all the Senate know
that the amount of pensions is graduated accord*
ing to the amount of disability. If there were
total disability, he would be entitled to sixteen
dollars. If there is half disability, he is entitled
to half that sum, and so on in proportion to the
degree of disability. Now, as I understand the
Senator from Iowa, the reason of the application
here is, that the Commissioner of Pensions will
not give more than eight dollars a month. How
does he know that?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The law states it.
Mr. CLAY. I insist that we shall defer the
consideration of this question until we hear some-
thing from the Commissioner of Pensions, and
learn the facts from him. We have an ex parte
statement of the case here. We have heard
nothing on the other side. Let us learn why it
was that the Commissioner refused to give him
more than eight dollars per month, if his disa-
bility is more than half disability.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The law restricts the
Commissioner of Pensions to eight dollars where
the disability is not total. The arm of the peti-
tioner not being off entirely, even if he were
reported as totally disabled by the surgeon, he
could get only eight dollars per month at the Pen-
sion Office. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order,
and this bill must lie over as a matter of course.
pay of army officers..
Mr. WELLER. I have the permission of the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. IvIsrson] to ask the
Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 491) to increase
the pay of the officers of the Army, and for other
Furposes, in order to make it a special order, and
move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time.
Mr. WELLER. I intended to name Thurs-
day for the consideration of the bill, but the Sen-
ator from Virginia has already the Indian appro-
priation bill assigned for that day, and I shall not
therefore name it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have not had that day
assigned for that bill, but I propose to call it up
on Thursday, so that we may get through with
it as soon as we can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from California that the
• bill making appropriations for the improvement
of the Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Arkansas
rivers by contract has been made the special
order for Thursday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. As Friday is assigned for
the consideration of private business, and the
Senate does not usually meet on Saturday, I am
thrown over until Monday. I therefore move
to postpone this bill until Monday, and that it
be made the special order for that day.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that I shall ask
the Senate to take up the Indian appropriation
bill on Thursday.
The motion to postpone the bill, and make it
the special order for Monday next, was agieed to.
sally t. mathews.
Mr. .WADE. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (8. No. 296) for the relief of Sally T Ma-
thews, for the purpose of disposing of it. I am
instructed by a majority of the Committee on
Claims to move that the Senate recede from
their disagreement to the House amendment to
that bill.
Mr. STUART. If I recollect the amendment
aright, I do not think I should be willing to do
that. I should like to hear the amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which is to add, as a
new section, the following:
*.3iid !>c it further cnactcl, That from and a err the pas-
sane of this act. any clerk, tnes:>e!i«ei\ or other ii 'tvon
permitted to enter the service ot the Liuted States without
the authority of huv, tile compelibation due for-uch service,
when paid by the Government, shall he deducted by I he
accounting otfieers fiom the -ularv or compensation due
or accruing to such h«ad of Depattnient or htueau who
may have so employed such poison without the local
authority aforesaid, unless the Piesident shall certify that
such assistance was absolutely necessaiy to tiie public ser
vice,
Mr. STUART. I suppose the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia wants to go on with the con-
sideration of his bill, and I shall therefore not
occupy time now in the discussion of this sub-
ject. I ask the postponement of this question,
if the Senator from Ohio will permit it, until to-
morrow.
Mr. WADE. Certainly, if it gives rise to
debate. I did not suppose that it would lead to
discussion.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
payment for horses.
Mr. YULEE. Yesterday the special order
came up, being a bill relating to payment for
horses and other property lost in the service of
the United States, and it was postponed and
made the special order for to-day, in conse-
quence, I believe, of the absence of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] who takes a par-
ticular interest ill the matter. I merely desire to
call his attention to the fact, in order that, if the
subject is not pursued to-day, he may designate
some other day which may be agreeable to him
when the bill may be taken up.
Mr. GEYER. When the bill was taken up
before., 1 agreed with the honorable Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] to wait some tune for him
to obtain information from the Wm Department.
There are no copies of the bill to bo had, and I
now ask that, it may be printed, and made the
special order for Tuesday next, in order to give
the Senator from Virginia ail opportunity for
getting the information ho desires from the War
Department.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
99)'to amend the act to provide for the payment
for horses and other property lost or destroyed
in the service of the United States, was taken
up, and its further consideration was postponed
to, arid made the special order for, Tuesday next,
at one o'clock; and the bill was ordered to be
printed.
naval depot at BRUNSWICK.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
301) authorizing the establishment of a naval
depot on Blythe Island, at Brunswick, on the
coast of Georgia, and for other purposes; the
pending question being on the motion of Mr. Mal-
louy to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. 1VERSON addressed the Senate at length.
His speech is withheld for revision, and will be
published m the Appendix.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, in making
a motion yesterday to leler tins bill to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I assigned as a reason
that it had never been considered, and that the
Senate was not in possession of the information
which it ought to have before passing the bill. I
think the speech of the Senator from Georgia
must have convinced the Senate that we had no
information on the subject. He would not have
occupied the time he has in addressing the Senate
if we had been possessed of this information. It
is all new to me, and particularly the probability
of purchasing a site at all. He speaks of the
opposition of the Senators from Florida as if this
were a matter of reciprocity between one State
and another. Why, sir, the agricultural interests
of the great West are far more interested m the
establishment of this depot than the State of
Georgia. Every bale of cotton from the Gulf of
Mexico and every barrel of grain from the West
will pass a depot situated oil the Atlantic coast
here; and when we are to establish another navv-
yard in addition to the eight we already have, is
it not a matter of some consequence that th<?Sen-
ate should be in possession of sufficient informa-
tion? Have wo not before taken false steps on
this subject? Did we not establish a navy-yard
at Memphis? We could hardly give it oway
afterwards when we found it was a false step",'
anil that the yard was of no use to the country.
When we sought to give it away, we had hardly
power to get rid of it on those terms. Wo estab-
lished a yard at ICittery, which in my judgment
is equally useless. The yard at Philadelphia, in
my opinion, ought to be changed; but it is im-
possible to chanse them. In establishing new
yards, where f>5,000,000 will have to be expended
perhaps, it is important that wo should take the
necessary preliminary steps to ascertain all the
good points in regard to it.
The Senator from Georgia has removed a great
many objections which rose in my mind, because
I had no information on the subject. As to the
depth of water at Brunswick, I regard it as amply
sufficient for a frigate harbor. I think with him,
that Port Royal has no material advantage over
Brunswick, although lie has, I think, misstated
to some extent the depth of water at Port Royal.'
According to the surveys before me from the
Coast Survey, there are twenty-nine feet of water
in the channel at Port Royal at spring tides, and
twenty-seven feet, quite sufficient for a frigate
harbor, at ordinary high water.
Another great consideration in establishing a
new navy-yard is the practicability of defense;
because when you are to establish a new yard
where there are lio fortifications existing, you
must necessarily throw up defenses with refer-
ence particularly to that yard; whereas, if you
establish it at a city already existing, with forti-
fications preexisting, you do away with that ex-
pense. The. Senator from Georgia has shown
its the practicability of defending the entrance to
Brunswick harbor. I have no doubt on that point,
and I do not know when the bill comes up that I
may not vote foi it. I have never taken ground
against it. All I have done, as chairman of the
committee, is to elicit all the information we
could have ns to the best position for a navy-
yard South. I know we ought to have a yard
there; but at the same time I am convinced that
some of the existing yards ought to be removed,
although I fear it is impossible to do that. I do
not say that 1 may not vote for this measure.
We have, I think, eight existing yards. Great
Biitam has only seven in her own ports, with a
navy twenty times larger than ours at least. Ill
voting for the establishment of this navy-yard,
if I shall vote for it oil sufficient information, I
must take the opportunity of expressing the
opinion,-that I do not do so because I think we
want a greater number of yards. If it were pos-
sible, 1 would institute a commission to see wiieie
the yards should be changed. The Senator from
Georgia takes the somewhat remarkable ground
that Georgia has assisted to drive the savages
from Florida, and that, therefore, it is most ex-
traordinary that the Senators from Florida should
vote against the establishment of a navy-yaid m
the State of Georgia. This is somewhat novel
to me. The navy-yard is important to all the
agricultural and commercial States, and Georgia
and Florida have really as little interest in it a3
any other two States in the Union.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not regret, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this subject has been discussed ; but I
assure my friend from Georgia, and I assure the
Senate, that I shall enter into the debate with no
spirit of controversy. I am satisfied that the more
the subject is discussed the more apparent will
it be that there ought to be a navy-vard or naval
depot between Norfolk and Pensacola. Whether
it be at Brunswick or at Port Royal seems to be
a question of very little importance, so far as re-
gards the accommodation of the country, which
must necessarily look to the navy-yard, either m
time of war, or for purposes of commerce in time
of peace, as a matter of interest. Notwithstand-
ing all the magnificent account'; which we have
heard as to the condition of Brunswick, arid its
capacity to accommodate the trade of the South-
west, it is only ninety miles from Port Royai-
certainly not a hundred. With regard to toe
opportunity or faculty, if I may so express: my-
self, of answering the ends truly to be contem-
plated in having a naval depot, either the one
or th® other wilt equally subserve those ends,
