382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
provided they have equal advantages. I know,
sir, that I am standing at a disadvantage in this >
contest, if contest it can really be regarded. For j
myself', I do not wish it to be considered a con- 1
test, because I cln say that I sincerely wish there j
was such a preponderating preference to Bruns- j
wick, that I could at once vote for it above all ,
others. I do not say that I wish there was such |
a preponderating influence operating in favor of j
Beaufort, because I am not going to stand here |
in the attitude of one contending for a national !
navy-yard on the ground that it is for South Car-
olina, or for Georgia, or for Florida. I think it
extremely unfortunate that this question has as-
sumed the character of an issue growing out of a
controversy between two ports, either of which,
perhaps, might answer the purposes of the bill.
I say, in plain language, to my friend from
Georgia, that before I conclude I shall demon-
strate, as far as facts and measurement go, that
he has been betrayed into fallacies—such fallacies
that, if they were to go out uncorrected, they
might produce an erroneous judgment on this
subject. I have no doubt he has examined thor-
oughly all the advantages of Brunswick; but
when I come to show the original survey which
I have, from the soundings made of Port Royal
only a year ago, I will show that the actual
soundings refute all the speculative opinions
which have been expressed by the commissioners
heretofore, whose report was brought up by the
Senator, and also the conjectural notions thrown
out by Lieutenant Stockton. I regret very much
that I cannot accord to the gentleman from Geor-
gia what I would have wished to have done. He
seems to anticipate that the opposition to this
measure is to come from the South towards
Georgia. He seems to know that he has the
North on his side. I have not spoken to any
Senator on this subject, and I know nothingabout
who is to vote for, or who is to vote against, this
measure; therefore, Senators, I stand before you
in an attitude of impartiality, so far as regards
your opinions. I am willing, on this matter, to
abide the result of a fair investigation. I throw
out the challenge now: you may send a ship
to-morrow from any port of the United States
yon choose, and let it make the trial to enter both
of these ports, and I will vote according to the
preference given by the captain of that vessel,
and other disinterested persons witnessing the
transaction. I should be delighted to vote for
whichever of them may be best. If that decision
should be in favor of Brunswick, I do not know
that it would affect me a hair's breadth on any
view of the accommodation of the interest in
which I am concerned. You maymake the trial
wuh one of the largest ships in the navy of the
United States; you may take a seventy-four, or
a frigate of the largest size, put her under the .
command of the most experienced and impartial
commander, and I will abide by the decision of
her trial iii going in and out of those different
ports.
Sir, it is not worth while to talk conjecturally
in regard to matters of this kind which can be
reduced to perfect certainty. I perceive that the
Representatives from Georgia have already sia-ned
n paper calling attention to the advantages of
Brunswick, and a member from Georgia in the
other House has drawn up a very elaborate,
clear, and excellent report. He, and the delega-
tion to which he belongs, m their paper, have
availed themselves of all the reconnoissances to
which the Senator from Georgia has alluded.
Before I go further on this point, let me state
some distances which I have accurately from the
hifiiiist sources, in order ,to show where Port
Royal is._ Prom Charleston to Havana the dis-
tance is eight hundred and seventy miles. Prom
Charleston to Port Royal entrance is fifty-one
miles. From Port Royal bar to Savannah is
thirty-three miles. From the entrance of Savan-
nah harbor to the entrance to St. Simon's bar,
iii Brunswick harbor, is sixty-six miles. From
the mouth of the harbor to Brunswick is eighteen
miles. From the mouth of Broad river, in Port
Royal sound, to Land's End, is eight miles; to
St. Helena thirteen miles; from St. Helena to
Beaufort five miles. Tin-He distances arc import-
ant, and I wish the Senate to bear them in mind.
I have obtained from the highest authority a
statement of the draft of water of the vessels
which are to go into these ports if either of them ;
I be established as a naval depot. Line-of-battle i
; ships draw on an average twenty-five to twenty-
1 six feet of water with their armaments on board.
I First class frigates draw from twenty-two to
twenty-three feet. First class steamers twenty-
three feet. Sloops and steamers from sixteen to
twenty feet.
Now, sir, I make broad declaration that, as far
as I have any information, the only port between
Norfolk and Pensacola which admits of vessels
of the description which I have thus indicated, is
Port Royal, unless perhaps Beaufort, in North
Carolina. This is not a matter of speculative
inquiry or of general conjecture. If it depended
on that, I know that in a contest of rhetoric and
eloquence I should encounter masterly ability. I
do not wish to be placed in that attitude. I in-
tend to go by the surveyor's rule.
If gentlemen of the Senate will observe the
chart which I have before me, while I refer to the
points, there can be no kind of mistake. In going
from Charleston and entering Port Royal harbor,
you come first to what is called the eastern chan-
nel, which is, and always has been, seventeen feet
deep. Then, here is what is called the southern
channel, which is, and always has been, nineteen
feet. Then, here is the southeastern channel,
going in between two islands, one called Martin's
Industry. This is twenty feet deep, as ascer-
tained by the plumb and the soundings which I
hold in my hand. On those soundings the depth
is .marked at every quarter of a mile, where a
ship could go. My friend from Georgia, when
speaking of the soundings of Port Royal harbor,
did not mention the fact that there was one chan-
nel with twenty feet at low water.
Mr. IVERSON. I read from Lieutenant Maf-
fitt's report, where he says that over both these
channels, the southern and southeastern chan-
nels, there are nineteen feet of water. He does
not state on his map that twenty feet can be car-
ried over either of those channels. Here is the
map furnished me by the Coast Survey office.
There may be a different one furnished to the
Senator from South Carolina; but I judge this is
correct, because it comes from the Coast Survey
office.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not mistaken. I went
to the Coast Survey office, and for fear that Lieu-
tenant Mdffitt might be assailed, I asked them to
give me the original soundings,and I have them.
The original soundings show a passage between
two islands that my friend from Georgia has not
touched or mentioned at all; he has not even
alluded to it.
Air. IVERSON. The Senator is mistaken.
I alluded to the three channels. There are but
three.
Air. BUTLER. Yousaidthat neither of them
had twenty feet.
Mr. IVERSON. I stated that Lieutenant
Maffittsaid nineteen feet could be carried over
the southern and southeastern channels, and
only seventeen feet over the eastern channel.
The eastern channel is the one furthest from
land; the southern, the one nearest Savannah.
Lieutenant Maffitt does not say, on this map,
that there are twenty feet of water there, any-
where. He may say so in some other cases, for
aught I know. That I do not pretend to state;
and it is a matter of no consequence.
Mr. BUTLER. The depth is put down at
twenty feet.
Mr. IVERSON. It may be at some one
i point.
Mr. BUTLER. It is put down at twenty feet
| on all parts of this channel over the bar. When
J you get over the bar the depth is thirty, thirty-
j five, and in some places forty feet. On the bar
| there are twenty feet at low water, and twenty-
j seven feet at high tide, sufficient to allow any
> seventy-four to come in. In my opinion, it is
I one of the most beautiful, magnificent, and eapa-
i cious harbors in any country. Allow me to .say
here, that Port Royal is not unknown. It is the
! baptismal font of civilization on the southern
\ coast. The first vessel that entered the waters ■
| of the South went into that very harbor, Car-
| olina and Georgia, and all that region of country,
J found their feet wet first in the waters that run ,
; down from the land through Port Royal. It, was
! then considered one of the most magnificent
I harbors on earth. ;
M y friend from Georgia has said, that for Port
Itoyal we must have the depot at Beaufort, and
that there the water is only fourteen I'eei deep,
Beaufort is very high up the river, about eighteen
miles from the bar, and we do not va it to go to
Beaufort for a naval depot. Land's End is about
eight miles, and Pany island about ten miles
from the bar; and then there is St. Helena, one
of the most beautiful places on earth. There is
also Hilton Head, a place resorted to for health,
adorned by as high society, and accompanied by
as high considerations, as for as regaids its nat-
ural advantages, as any on earth.
Port Royal has twenty feet at the lowest and
twenty-seven feet at the highest tide. I have
demonstrated that there is no port that has b<-en
indicated on any map or report, through which
a seventy-four can pass with safety, but the port
of Port Royal. I do not say that it may not,
under some circumstances, enter this port of
Brunswick, in Georgia. It may possibly be thai
at high or spring tide it may go in. My friend
from Georgia said, that at Beaufort there were
only fourteen feet of water. I see it put down
here at seventeen and nineteen feet at low tide.
Mr. IVERSON. That is six miles below.
Mr. BUTLER. But at St. Helena, which is
a beautiful country, at the lowest tide it is eigh-
teen feet, with a maximum rise of eight feet and
an average rise of seven. You may take Land's
End; you may take Parry Island; you may take
, St. Helena, or this beautiful place known as Hilton
; Head, and you can have a naval depot unequaleii
| in the world as far as regards mere position. I
] do not say that the port is equal to any in tin,
j world; but I have demonstrated that, at the lowest
I tide, you ean enter a -vessel with a draught of
: twenty feet of water, and at the highest tide a
j draught of twenty-seven feet. I make the esser-
s tion upon the soundings. If there is any ques-
tion on it, I shall hold up the original soundings
j made in reference to this case.
My honorable friend seems to suppose that
Lieutenant Maffitt is a citizen of South Caiolind.
That is a mistake; he is a citizen of Virginia. I
will say for all these gentlemen, that 1 have no
reason to believe that they ha^p been swayed by
local temptations. I have no reason to impute
anything to Lieutenant Stockton or these com-
missioners. But one thing is very certain—and
I wish this remark to go as far as it can—that on
every examination which has been made, the
waters of Port Royal have deepened, and those
of Brunswick have become shallower. When
the original reconnoissance was made by Captains
Woolsey, Claxton, and young Shu brick—not the
Commodore, but his brother, a worthy gentle-
man m every point of view—how long did it take
them to make it? They said then, that the aver-
age depth of water was seventeen feet. Demon-
stration has refuted that, and shown nineteen
feet certainly at that point, seventeen at another,
and twenty at another. This has been ascertained
by the soundings to which I have referred.
When you enter into that harbor, you enter into
one of the most beautiful basins of water on the
earth, with a depth of thirty or forty lit t, How-
ever, it is unnecessary to mention tent, because
when you get twenty-seven or thiity feet, it is
useless to speak about it. There are points there
where you can have naval depots to which you
could enter with any vessels, after you once get
over the bar, that would carry thirty feet of
water. I believe you could go up to Pans Island.
The water there is put down at twenty feet at one
point, and twenty-seven at another;'and Iii'ton
Head is put down at thirty feet. Furtiu r on there
is another island called Cat Island, the depth of
water at which is put down at about thirty feet.
After yim once niter the harbor there l.s no di.h-
culty in the way. The question is about getting
inte it.
One channel we know with certainty has a
di'pih of seventeen feet, and the otleu- twenty
feet at the entrance, at low water. This does not
leave a doubt, because facts and calculations ol
arithmetic are hard things in argument — not
easily to be got over. 1 present this for the v>:rr
reason that my Legislature has urged it, though
indifferent, m my opinion, as to her ow n mteiesf,
as far as she had any direct interest in it. I
would not put it on that, and I do uoi wish to
put it on that ground. If my friend from Georgia
1 can satisfy me that there is a better port than the
one which 1 think has been indicated as the best
