1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
Now, sir, it is urged that action should not^be
had until the accounts and vouchers approved
by this commission shall all be reported. This
commission is composed of high-toned gentle-
men. One of them is Captain Ingles, of the
Quartermaster's Department, and another is
Captain A. J. Smith, of the dragoons, and Hon.
L. F. Grover. It is also pleaded that there is no
precedent for such legislation as this. Allow me
to suggest that in every Indian war you have
had, the Secretary of War has been authorized
by an act of Cong;ess to adjust, allow, and pay
the expenses necessarily incurred. Now, why
should Oregon and Washington, which have suf-
fered more than any portion of the country, be
refused that justice invariably meted out to the
people of every other portion of the country?
This morning, and but a few minutes ago, a bill
was reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, authorizing the Secretary of War to ad-
just and settle the expenses of the people of Ne-
braska Territory in defending themselves against
Indian depredations. Why this discrimination
between the people of Nebiaska and the people
of Oregon anH Washington?
I have no disposition to arraign the action of
the Committee on Military Affairs: yet it is my
duty, as it is my puvjlcgc, to stand here and advo-
cate the interests ot the people of Oregon Terri-
tory, and ask that for them the same justice
should be done as has been extended to American
citizens in every other portion of the country.
We ask no more. We only ask that you shall
pay the accounts allowed by the commission,
subject to the decision of the Secretary of War,
after they have passed the commission. If the
Secretary of War have any doubt upon the ques-
tion, he will not allow the accounts; if he has no
doubt, he will approve thorn. Why should the
claims of the people of Oregon be deferred, while
those of all others are provided for? It was but
a few years ago when the^ then members of this
House cooperated with me, and by their votes
authorized the Secretary of War to adjust the
expenses incurred in 1853 in a war with the
Rogue river Indians. They asked not for certif-
icates then, but authorized the Secretary of War
to adjust and settle the accounts. And I believe
that those who watch and guard the Treasury
with more care than others were in favor of that
bill. The Secretary adjudicated the claims him-
self, and paid them, and no member of this House
knew anything about the amount of the expenses.
But now, when a commission has been ap-
pointed, with instructions to examine the claims
of the people of the two Territories for expenses
in that war, and to pass upon them, and make
such allowances for services as they may deem
proper, it is said here that these people shall not
have justice done to them, but must await the
action of another Congress. Is it just? Is it
right? Do you feel inclined to turn your backs
on the people of that far-off land, who have in-
curred greater expenses, endured more labor,
suffering, and exposure, than any other people
to reach their homes, and there to settle up the
country ? They are American citizens, and live
on American soil. Shall justice be refused them ?
Will the Committee on Military Affairs say that
justice shall not be dealt out to them ? And, if
so, will the House by their action say, that it is
just that American citizens should be thus treated
by this Congress? I hope not, Mr. Speaker. I
hope that the report of the committee may not
be concurred in by the #House; but that the
guarded measures which h'ave been taken will be
carried out, as no one can, for a moment, fear
injustice or over allowance. I venture to say,
that a commission of Army officers cannot be
had in the country which would be so untrue
tQ themselves as to allow any citizen more than
he is entitled to for his services; nor would they
allow expenses not properly, justly, and cor-
rectly incurred. No, sir, there is no fear of any
such thing.
I ask, Mr. Speaker, in behalf of the people of
Oregon and Washington Territories, that the re-
port of the committee may be set aside, and that
the bill may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where we will
have an opportunity of discussing it and having
action on it. The House has not heard the bill
read. They know nothing about its provisions.
The action of the Committee on Military Affairs
is to decide the fate of the people of the Territo-
ries of Oregon and Washington. And that is not
all. It is to result in encouraging a system of
speculation, which Congress oughtnot todo. The
accounts allowed by the commission will be
regarded by every speculator in the country as
binding on the Government, and many of those
parties who have rendered services will from their
necessities be compelled to part with their claims
on the Government at perhaps half their value.
And so the benefits are to go into the hands of
speculators, and not into the hands of the meri-
torious people of the two Territories.
I ask, Mr. Speaker, whether, with all the carc
that has been taken to have these accounts adjudi-
cated by such a commission sent by the Secretary
of War, and subject to his decision—the people
should be put off, and subjected to the operations
of those who will be speculating on the very
hearts' blood of the people who have supplied the
troops while defending the Territories against
the tomahawk and the scalping knife? I hope,
Mr. Speaker, that the House will not concur in
the report of the committee, but will refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WHITNEY- I should be the last man,
Mr. Speaker, to recommend an act of injustice to
be performed against the far-off settlements of the
United States, or against the people who inhabit
them, whether upon the shores of the Pacific or
upon our vast southern frontier. But while bills
for appropriations of money for the suppression
of Indian hostilities, and for services performed
or property destroyed in the suppression of those
hostilities, are sprung upon us year after year,
and are increasing in magnitude year after year
from the same direction, the House may well
pause, and the Military Committee may well
pause before it recommends to the House the
passage of appropriation bills involving perhaps
millions in amount without a thorough and im-
partial investigation of all the circumstances
involved in the application. The gentleman
from Oregon has, in his remarks, alluded to the
" Rogue River war," as it is designated. I will
not characterize these forays with the dignity
which the word " war" conveys. They are not
wars. They arc, at best, but forays or feuds;
and whatever may have been the cause and origin
of these recent forays, for which this Government
is now called upon to pay millions, I am per-
suaded fully in my own mind, and from irrefra-
gable evidence, that the origin of those preceding
feuds, including that of the " Rogue River war,"
which occurred in 1853, may be traced to the
vices and wickedness of white men.
Mr. LANE. I will ask of the gentleman from
New York as a special favor, that when he char-
acterizes the people of Oregon in the manner
he is now doing or about to do, he will discrim-
inate and not brand the whole people of Oregon
in such a manner, for I will not sit still and allow
any gentleman in this House to do it.
Mr. WHITNEY. The gentleman has cer-
tainly misunderstood me. It is not my purpose
to brand, or in any way to reflect upon the char-
acter of the people of Oregon, I said what I now
repeat, that the origin of some of these forays
was, in my opinion, to be found in the vices and
wickedness of white men. I will take the Rogue
Riverfeud for an instance. Does the honorablcgen-
tlemnn from Oregon know the origin of that war?
Does he know that it grew out of the perfidy of
a white man—one who purchased from an Indian
a girl at the price of fifty dollars, to perform service
for him in his tent, or his cabin, and that when
after several months the father called for the price,
he was treated with contumely and thrust penni-
less from the door? The father took his daughter
away; the white man, with a band of his associ-
ates, pursued them, overtook them, seized the ;
girl and bore her back to his cabin. The father,
indignant, and justly indignant, pursued the
man, lay in wait for him, and, as he sup-
posed, shot him; but by an error an innocent
man fell before his revengeful aim ! Retaliation i
followed; and from that little circumstance grew i
up this Rogue River war, to pay the cost of which, j
the honorable gentleman truly observes, Congress !
made unlimited appropriations out of which there
has been already paid some $300,000.
Does not the honorable gentleman know the
origin of the preceding4' Rogue River war "which
took .place in 1851? Does he not know that it
grew out of the stealing of certain horses from
the miners? The "fniners in searching for their
horses, found that many of them had been stolen,
and that others were wounded with Indian arrows
hanging to their sides, and come to the conclusion
that the Indians had been the offenders. A foray
upon the Indian settlements in the vicinity was
forthwith determined upon; and with th4l*£sist-
ance of Colonel Harney, they madethe Sssault,
slaughtering some thirty-five Indians as they fled
for safety, and capturing a few women and chil-
dren . And docs not the honorable Delegate know:
that it subsequently appeared that these depreda-
tions on the property of the miners were c5m-
mitted by white men, and not by Indians?
Mr. LANE. The gentleman asks me whether
his statement is not true. I know no such thing.
On the contrary, I know that such is not the case.
He has not even hinted at the real causes of the
wars. I passed through both of them*, and I have
never had it in my heart to unjustly hurt an In-
dian. I was a private in the first war under the
gallant Kearny. In 18531 commanded the forces.
I saw those wars in their beginning,their progress,
and their termination. I saw the peace made; and
though the gentleman would not dignify the Con-
flicts between the whites and the Indians by call-
ing them war, let me say to him, that I have seen
as gallant and as high-toned men as ever lived on
earth dropdown in battle with those very Indians.
There were Captains Stewart* Armstrong, and
many others. Nor was the war brought about
in the way indicated by the gentleman. True,
there is a kiud of tradition of the Indian squaw
in 1853; but in 1851, when I was passing ai&ng
the road in Oregon, before a single Indian had.
been killed, I came to where there had been an
encampment of our people.' They were on their
way, loaded with flour. Every one of the party
had been murdered. Their bodies had been hor-
ribly mutilated, and covered over with the flour
which had been emptied from the sacks. This
was the cause of the war, and it occurred before
a single man had raised his hand against the In-
dians. Fortunately for the country, when this
news spread in the Territory, an officer in that
vicinity felt it his duty to give the Indians a severe
chastisement. Had the army followed his ex-
ample, there would have been no further Indian,
troubles. As soon as they asked for terms they
were granted to them. A peace was made of the
most favorable character for the Indians. This
was the cause of the war of 3851. If I am allowed
I will give the House the causes of the war of
1853, when the gentleman has concluded his
remarks.
Mr. WHITNEY. It was estimated by parties
on the spot that $15,000 would cover the losses
of the whites by Indian depredations, and that
amount the treaty provided should be deducted
from the amount to be paid the Indians for their
lands.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman will allow me to
put him right, lie is about to give a history of
a matter of which he knows nothing; otherwise
I need not speak a word. I wish to say to him
that I was the commanding general, and made
the treaty to which he refers. I had the advice
and cooperation of the superintendent of Indian
affairs. The treaty was favorable to the Indians,
and gave them all they asked. Fifteen thousand
dollars was reserved to pay for the property they
had destroyed, but it was made with the knowl-
edge, on the part of the superintendent and
myself, that it would not cover one third of the
amount of losses. We proposed to get that
much from them and the balance from Congress.
Mr. WHITNEY. Thcgentleman has arrived
at nearly the point which I was about to reach—
$35,000 was reserved on an estimate made on the
spot by the honorable Delegate himself and others,
but a commission was subsequently appointed to
estimate the losses by that foray, ana tbey very
liberally added $25,000, making in all the sum of
$40,000. It is due to the Committee on Indian
Affairs to state that the estimate of the commis-
sion was disallowed. # -
I might also allude, Mr. Speaker, in this glance
at the origin of some of the " Indian depreda*
tions" of which so much has been said, to the
massacre of Indians at Port Orford, and to the
still later tragedy which took place, as it were,
only yesterday, under the very roof Qf him who
