1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that some action will be taken favorable to the
passage of this bill.
Mr. LANE. I desire to amend my motion. I
move that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask whether
it is not necessary that this bill, as it makes an
appropriation, shall be first considered in Com-
mittee of th£ Whole?
The SPEAKER. The bill ha? been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and now
that committee ask to be discharged from its
further consideration. This is not a considera-
tion of the bill, but a question whether the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs shall be discharged
from the further consideration of the same.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; but this dis-
cussion is going into the merits of the bill. It is
certainly considering it, and the rule fays that all
bills making appropriations shall be first consid-
ered in committee.
The SPEAKER. No action of the House
can be had on the bill on this motion; but it is
open to the same debate as it would be on a mo-
tion to refer to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and that allows the nature of the question to be
stated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not debat-
able on that motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. No question on the bill can
be submitted to the House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I discover that if we
indulge in this character of debate—which I think
is premature—the three days allotted to the dis-
cussion of territorial business wilt be consumed
without our finishing that business. I discover,
moreover, from the statement of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] who had charge
of this bill, that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have no feeling on the subject, but simply
decline to take any action on it, without express-
ing any opinion in reference to the merits or de-
merits of the proposition, and ask to be dis-
charged. On the other hand, gentlemen repre-
senting Oregon and Washington Territories de-
sire that the bill shall go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. My object
now is to appeal to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Faulkner,] inasmuch as neither he nor his
committee have any feeling on the subject, to
allow the bill to go to the committee. It will go
to the end of the Calendar on territorial business,
and if it come up when there is any time to spare,
we will discuss it.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Greenwood] is correct in saying
that the Committee 011 Military Affairs has no
feeling to gratify in the disposition of this bill—
certainly none of hostility to the people of Oregon
and Washington. I applaud the zeal which the
Delegate from Oregon [Mr. Lank] has exhibited
upon this and upon every other question where
the interests of his constituents arc involved. It
has been my fortune to concur with that gentle-
man on most of the measures which he has
brought forward for the relief of his people. I
regret that I cannot do so upon the present occa-
sion; and dissenting as I do from his warm and
earnest recommendations, I beg to assure him
that I do so from no want of respect for his opin-
ion as the representative of that Territory, nor
from any want of sympathy with the sufferings
of the people whom he so faithfully represents
on this floor.
I think the gentleman from Oregon has not as
much cause of complaint against Congress, or
the Military Committee of this House, as, from
the tone and temper of his remarks, it might be
inferred he has. He has himself furnished us
with one instance of prompt appropriations made
by Congress to defray the expenses of the war
with the Rogue River Indians. I can remind
him of another: the appropriations made to
meet the expenses of the Cayuse war. In both
those cases the petitions from his Territory were
promptly considered, and relief granted, to the
full satisfaction of his people. If the Committee
on Military Affairs and Congress have not re-
sponded to the present demands of Oregon as
promptly as he would wish, there will be found
reasons for delay which, in my opinion, fully
justify their course.
The House will perceive, from the debate which
nas already taken place, tiiat this is nut one of
those ordinary cases of relief which are so often
brought to our attention from the Territories.
The gentleman from Washington complains that
this is the first example in our history where
Congress has deemed it necessary to send a spe-
cial commission'to the Territories to verify the
accuracy of the accounts exhibited against the
Government. Without conceding that it is the
first example in our history, that fact is alone
sufficient to show that this is no ordinary case.
Now, sir, it will be remembered by every gentle-
man here, that when we assembled in this Hall
lasjt winter, there came to us from the Territories
of Oregon and Washington the most conflicting
reports as to the condition of affairs there—con-
flicting statements as to the necessity of calling
out h volunteer force — of the conduct of these
volunteers — whether they were not provoking
more hostilities than they subdued. It was again
and again asserted by General Wool, in his offi-
cial correspondence with the War Department,
that this volunteer force was not only unneces-
sary—called out without proper authority—but
that it was frustrating all his plans to bring those
Indian hostilities to a pacific conclusion.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will say to him, the House, and the country,
that these volunteers were called out by the
officer commanding the regular troops in the field,
and before General Wool arrived there. They
were ordered out by Major Haller, who had
started out on an expedition against the Indians.
Finding himself surrounded, and his retreat cut
off, as he supposed, lie called on the Governors
of Oregon and Washington for volunteers. They
promptly responded to his call. Though the
Governors' rnookimation readied Oak county as
late as six o clock in the evening, the next morn-
ing at sun-up saw two hundred men in the
saddle 011 their way to relieve Major Haller.
These men were called out by t\v* Governors of
these Territories 011 Major Hallcr's call for
volunteers. They left their families and homes,
and during the inclemency of the then inclement
season they camped out without tents or subsist-
ence from the Government. When General
Wool arrived he ordered the regular force into
quarters, and left the settlements unprotected;
and had it not been for the service of those
volunteers, all the border settlements would have
been broken up and destroyed.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I do not
mean to permit myself to be drawn, upon this
occasion, into any discussion of the questions
which grew up between General Wool and the
Governor and people of Oregon. If ever that
subject shall come properly and pertinently be-
fore this body for its action, I will present my
views upon it. All that 1 designed by referring
to the controversy at all, was to show that the
most conflicting statements as to the real condi-
tion of affairs m these Territories, were before
us during the last session of Congress, and I am
not aware that we have any more certain and re-
liable information since that time. It is tiue, as
the gentleman from Oregon states, that after the
defeat of Major Haller, there was a call by Ma-
jor Rains upon the Governois of Oregon and
Washington for a few companies of volunteers;
but they constituted a very small portion of the
volunteer foice that was called out. General
Wool, I am sure, states in his official dispatches
that he had never authorized the raising of any
volunteers m the Pneificdeparfment. It is certain
that he, as the military commandant of that divis-
ion, never approved the movements of Governor
Curry, to the extent, certainly, at least that he
called forth the volunteer force—if at all.
Mr. LANE. I would ask the gentleman to
state between what persons there arose this con-
flict relative to calling out Wse vu unteers?
Mr. FAULKNER. The conflict of opinion
was between General Wool, the commandant of
that division, on the one side, and GoiernorCurry
on the other. General Wool thoughtavolunteer
force unnecessary, and calculated to do more harm
than good. Governor Curry thought otherwise,
and exercised the powers vested in him as Gov-
ernor, and called out a large volunteer force.
Mr. LANE. Then I understand the gentle-
man to say that the accounts of the Army officers
conflicted with those furnished by the Governors
of Oregon and Washington; and I would ask him
whether he would not agree to vote what those
officers allow, wfren they have examine^ into the
merits of the case f'
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman knows
that I will always do full justice to the people of
Oregon when I have the proper materials for action
before me. I am not, upon this occasion,.taking
any position in favor of the views ojf"fltf$oerai
Wool, or against them—in favor of the;fifanteer
force, or against them. My sole object^n&<}vert-
ing to this unfortunate controversy in'Oregon,
between the military and civil authorities in that
Territory, was to explain the legislation of
last session of Congress on this subject; by whlfll
legislation the Committee on Military Affairs has
been guided in the report which I have just made
on this subject.
Mr. AN'DERSON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Virginia, whether the Committee
on Military Affairs have official information that
General Wool did report these volunteers were
unnecessary, and afterwards called on the Gov-
ernor of Washington for them?
Mr. FAULKNER. I am riSt aware that any
such official information has been communicated
to the committee.
Mr. ANDERSON. Such,- however, is the
fact.
Mr. FAULKNER. If such be the fact, it
does not in any respect affect the views which I
am now presenting to the House. ^
Mr. PHELPS. Were not the militia of Ore-
gon and Washington called out to quell these
Indian disturbances by competentauthority ? As
I understand, some were called out on the requi-
sition of the Army officers in command, and thfe
remainder by the Governors of Oregon and Wash-
ington, who, I take it, have authority to call them
out to qupll disturbances. I submit to the gen-
tleman, if I am right in my hypothesis, if it is
not just and equitable that these men, who per-
formed militia services, should be paid; and that
without subjecting themselves to taking the pit-
tance which speculators may offer for their
claims, who will hereafter get the full amount
from the Government?
Mr. FAULKNER. The Governor of a Ter-
ritory, like that of a State, has the undoubted
authority to call out the militia in all cases where
he is empowered to do so by the laws of that
Territory or State; but in such cases it is only
done by the authoiity and at the expense of that
State or Territory. The Constitution and laws
of Congress gave to the President alone, or to
those to whom he may delegate the power, the
right to call out the militia at the expense of the
Federal Government; but why is it deemed
necessary to make this touching appeal on behalf
of the volunteer forcc of Oregon? Have we
passed judgment upon their claims? Have we
repudiated their right to compensation ? This is
placing the Committee 011 Military Affairs in a
false position. I have been seeking, ever since
I obtained the floor, to present the true view
which has governed the committee in declining
to act upon the bill at the time, and awaiting
further information from the War Department,
but I have been prevented from reaching the only
point that I designed to present Jjy the interrup-
tions of gentlemen.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Whit-
ney,] misapprehending the views of the commit-
tee, complimented them upon the result at which
they had arrived. If that gentleman supposes
that, in asking to be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill at this time, we were
moved to that result by any of the facts, state-
ments, or sentiments which he has expressed,
he has altogether misconceived the object and
purpose of the committer We designed to ex-
press 110 opinion adverse to the justice of these
claims. Wexlid not mean to prejudice them in
the slightest degree by our action. I apprehend
there is as favorable a sentiment, upon the part
of that committee, to the allowance to the people of
Oregon and Washington of every just amtaoper
claim against the Government as the Delegates
from those Territories could themselves desire.
We did not wish to act upon the case prema-
turely, and before we had all the authenticated
facts before us, upon which we could make an
intelligent recommendation to this House. And
this leads me to present the views which did gov-
ern the committee in their action upon this bill.
As I before remarked, sir, there were during
