390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
our last session the most conflicting statements
as to the state of affairs in Oregon. It was known
that Indian disturbances existed there of a very
formidable character, and that a very large volun-
teer force had been summoned to the field by the
Governor of that Territory. General Wool, who
was in command on the Pacific, in letter after
letter addressed to the War Department, asserted
that this'volunteer force was called out without
his authority—that there was no necessity for
the call—that its action was injurious—that there
was great waste and extravagance in its supplies,
estimating its probable cost at three and even
four millions of dollars, and indulging in impu-
tations and charges upon the people of Oregon,
which I need not repeat. A controversy of an
embittered character sprung up between the
Governor and people of Oregon and General
Wool, and grave charges of mismanagement
were made by both sides. I express no opinion
■upon any of these points, nor was it the design
of Congress to do so at its last session; but an
application being then before us to make an ap-
propriation to pay this volunteer force, the sub-
ject was then disposed of by the following sec-
tion incorporated into the general appropriation
bill:
" Sec. 11. Jl-nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be directed to inquire into the amount of expenses
necessarily incurred in the suppiession of Indian hostilities
in the late Indian war m Oiegon and Washington by the
territorial governments of those Territories, for the main-
tenance of the volunteer forces engaged in said war, in-
cluding the pay of volunteers, and that he may, if in his
judgment it lm necessary, direct a commission of three to
proceed to ascertain and report to him all expenses incurred
for the purposes above specified."
It will be perceived that Congress, by this en-
actment, devolved upon the Secretary of War
an examination into the condition of affairs in
Oregon and Washington. The gentleman from
Oregon seems to think that the sole duty confided
to the Secretary of War was simply to ascertain
the amount d,ue to the volunteers. I think the
law was designed to embrace a wider scope of
inquiry. It was to ascertain the npcessity of
calling out such a large volunteer force. The
terms used by the law are, "expenses necessa-
rily incurred"—expenses contracted by the terri-
torial government under such a public and press-
ing emergency, that if the facts could have been
known to the Secretary of War, he would have
felt himself justified in having incurred the same
expenditures on their behalf. The whole ques-
tion of the propriety of the call for volunteers,
and of the numbers called into service, are left
open to the examination and opinion of the Sec-
retary of War.
Air. LANE. I want to say to the gentleman
from Virginia, that the clause which he just read
is worded precisely as the law which the gentle- 1
man had passed to pay the expenses of the
Rogue River war, only that it provided that the
Secretary of War should adjust, allow, and pay
the expenses necessarily incurred in prosecuting ,
that war. We only asK pay for expenses neces-
sarily incurred. This board of commissioners ;
will not pass anything which has not necessarily i
been incurred, and is just, right, and proper. \
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from |
Oregon assumes that the call for the volunteers !
was proper, and that the only inquiry now is as '
to the reasonableness of the pay to be allowed for
their service. He may be right; but I think,
and the committee think, that a wider scope of
inquiry is left to the Secretary of War.
Now, sir, the Secretary of War, availing him-
self of the aid allowed him by the law which I
have just read, has sent a commission to Oregon
and Washington—composed, as I learn from the
Delegate from Oregon,*of two Army officers and
one civilian, to make a report to him of the facts
upon which to form his own opinion. That
commission is now engaged in the execution of
this duty. It has yet made no report. We do
not know when it will make a report. The Sec-
retary of War has made no response to the duty
devolved upon him by Congress, for the simple
reason that the commission has, as yet, made no
report to him. It is under these circumstances
that a bill is laid before us, asking an appropria-
tion to pay the sums that may be reported by that
board, and sanctioned by the Secretary of War.
We declined, sir, to recommend any appro-
priation at'this time. We thought it due to this
House, as it had refused to make an appropria-
tion at the last session, and instead of such appro-
priation then asked for, had ordered an examina-
tion to be made by the Secretary of War into this
whole subjcct, that we should await the result
of that inquiry before we recommended further
action. The respect due to this body demanded
that course on the part of the committee. We
thought it also due to the country, if we recom-
mended an appropriation, that we should have at
least some estimate of the amount that would be
thus voted away—whether it is one or four mil-
lions of dollars. Rut, sir, we are now without
any data upon which we could even guess as to
the amount that might be appropriated under that
bill. The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Green-
wood] has requested me to make no objection to
the reference of this bill to the Committee of the
Whole. He thinks the reference would be harm-
less. I would say to him that I understand there
is a bill at this time in Committee of the Whole,
which will bring up for discussion there the very
matters involved in this bill.
Mr. LANE. Let them both go there together.
Mr. FAULKNER. That is as the House
may determine. I rose, Mr. Speaker, solely for
the purpose of vindicating the action of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and of defending it
against the impressions thrown out in debate,
that we had decided against the claims of the
volunteer force in Oregon, or were deficient in
proper sympathy for the people of that distant
Territory. When the Secretary of War shall in
pursuance of the law of the last session of Con-
gress, make his report to Congress, I feel safe m
assuring him that the Committee on Military
Affairs will give to his constituents as favorable
a consideration of the case as the facts will war-
j rant.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
|| the proposition to amend the motion to discharge
jl the committee, by adding, that it be referred to
[j the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a sep-
arate vote upon the two motions.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion to refer to'the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T suppose the
way is first to discharge the committee, and then
>; to refer the bill.
, j The SPEAKER. The question must first be
| put upon the amendment of the gentleman from
| Oregon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If we discharge
the committee first, then the bill will be before
; the House to be disposed of; and we can refer it,
; if we think proper.
The SPEAKER. The proposition to refer
,J cannot be made until the House shall determine
j. whether the committee shall be discharged or
not.
;! The question was taken on Mr. Lane's amend-
!j ment that the bill be referred to the Committee of
|| the Whole on the state of the Union; and it was
\\ not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Faulkner's
j motion, to discharge the Committee on Military
jj Affairs from its further consideration; and it was
i I agreed to.
ij Mr. STEPHENS. I move now that the bill
| be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
| state "of the Union.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That question has
\j been decided.
Mr. STEPHENS. No, it has not.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs has been discharged from the further
consideration of the bill; it is now before the
House, and must he disposed of.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. ALLlSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allison and
Talbott were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 74*, noes 65.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr, CHAFFEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CLERKS TO UNITED STATES COURTS IN
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which a bill (H. R. No. 623) authorizing
the settlement of the accounts of the clerks of the
United States couits in Oregon and Washington
Territories was passed. I merely desire to have
the motion entered.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION REPORTED.
Mr. QJJITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, by unanimous con-
sent, a bill (H. R. No. 584) to authorize the
Secretary of War to pay the volunteers called
out into th« service of the United States in the
Territory of New Mexico, by order of Brigadier
General Garland, in the year 1855; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a joint resolution extending the provisions
of the preemption act of 4th September, 1841,
and the acts amendatory thereof, to a portion of
the Fort Ripley reservation, therein specified;
which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
TERRITORIAL BILLS OF LAST SESSION.
Mr. GROW. During the last session of Con-
gress the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union actpd on quite a number of bills,
which were reported to the House. The time
for territorial business expired, and they went to
the Speaker's table. I now ask that these bills
be taken up and disposed of, in order that we
may get this old business out of the way.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. There are a great
many cases now in the hands of the different
committees in reference to territorial business.
Why not have them reported, and ordered to be
printed now?
Mr. GROW. Because a bill like that for the
expenses of the Indian war comes in, and occu-
pies two or three hours in fruitless discussion. I
move that the bills reported at the last session,
and now on the Speaker's table, be taken up and
disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
proceeded to the consideration of the said bills.
PENITENTIARY FOR NEBRASKA.
A bill (H. R. No. 415) to make an appropria-
tion for the construction of a penitentiary in the
Territory of Nebraska.
The bill appropriates $30,000, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, for the erection of a penitentiary
at the capital of Nebraska Territory; provided,
the penitentiary aforesaid shall be built and com-
pleted, including cost of site, for the sum therein
appropriated.
The pending question was, Shall the bill pass?
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered
last session.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bh-ss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton. Burhngame, James II.Campbell, Lewis
O- Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra
Clark, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Durfee, Ed-
wards, English, Evan?-, Florence, Thomas J. 1). Fuller,
Gianger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B.
Hall. Harlan, Samp-on W. Harris, Hdin^on, Haven, Hol-
iowav, S'alenum; B. Ilorton, Howard, Hughston, Jewett,
Kelly, Kennou, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knot, Lind-
Jey, Samuel S Marshall, Maueson, MeCarty, Smith Mil-
ler, Moriill, Norton, Andrew Ohvei. Mordccai Oliver,
Parker. Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit. Phelps, Porter,
Pringlo. Pumance, Robbms, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, San-
dids*\ Sapp, Soon. Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, Talbott, Thormgton, Vail, Wakenian, Waidron,
Cadw.ilader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
VVa-hburn, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Woodruff, and
W ood worth—9*2.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Branch, Brooks, John P. Campbell, Clawson, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, (Jolfnx, Craige, Cuilen,
Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Dean, Dodd, Dowdeil, Dunn,
Edmundson, Elliott, Emrte, Faulkner, Garnett, Thomas
L. Harris, Herbert, Hodges, Thomas R. (Iorton, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kidweli, King, Lake, Leiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, MeMullin,
McQueen, Killian Miller, Millson, MilUvard, Morgan,
Morrison, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Paine, Pike, Powell,
