1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
Purvear, Quitman, Reade, Ricaud, Ruffin, Rust, Savage,
Sheiman, Shortei, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Tra(ton, Trippe, Underwood,
Wade Wal bridge, Walker, Watkins, Wheeler, Williams,
Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—7b.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr.ZOLLICOFFER stated that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall] was confined
to his room by illness.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also movedto
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICT IN NEBRASKA.
A bill (H. R. No. 212) to establish an addi-
tional land district in the Territory of Nebraska.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill had been
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with several amendments.
Mr. GROW called for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I appeal to the gen-
tleman to withdraw the cali for the previous ques-
tion, until I can submit a substitute for the bill.
Mr. GROW. Is it an amendment from the
Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. It is.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question for that purpose.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, then offered the fol-
lowing substitute for the bill: \
That all that portion of the Territory of Nebraska at
present included m the Omaba district, which lies south
of the line which divides townships six and seven north,
extended from the Missouri river westward, shall constitute
an additional district, to be called the " Nemaha land dis-
trict;" all said Omaha district which is situated south of
the south shore or right bank of the Platte river, and north
of the said township line, between townships six and seven
north, shall constitute an additional land district, to be
called the " South Platte river land district;'5 and all that
portion of said Omaha district which lies nonh ot the south
boundary of the "Omaha reserve," extended westward,
being identical with the line winch divides townships
twenty-three and twentv-four north, shall constitute an
additional land district, to be called the " D.ihkota land
district;" the location of the offices for which thall be des
ignated by the President of the United States, and shall by
him, from time to tune, be changed as the public interests
may seem to requue.
See. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President
be, and lie is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during the recess
thereof, and until the end of the next se&sion of Congi ess
after such appointment, a register and a receiver for each
Jand district hereby created, who shall be required to reside
at the site of their offices, have the same powers, responsi-
bilities, and emoluments, and he subject to the same acts
and penalties, which are or may be piescribcd by law in
relation to other land officers of the United States.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enactcd, That the President
is hereby authorized to cause the public lands in said dis-
tricts, with the exception of such as may have been or may
be leserved loi othei puiposes, to be exposed to sale in the
same manner and upon The same terms and conditions as
other public lands of the United States : Provided, That all
sales and locations made at Omaha City of lands situated
within the limits of the new districts hereby created, which
shall be valid and light in other io«pocts up to the day on
which the new offices shall respectively go into operation,
be, and the harne are heieby, contiimcd.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the gentleman's sub-
stitute propose to create Vwo or three additional
land districts?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Three.
Mr. HARIaAN. That will make four in the
Territory?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. Which is two too many.
^ Mr. £rROW. I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to fcc put.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would like to in quire
of the Delegate from Nebraska, which of these
two bills—the one reported by the Committee on
Public Lands as a substitute, or the one' reported
by the Committee of the Whole—is most accept-
able to the citizens of Nebraska?
Mr. CHAPMAN. The one reported as a sub-
stitu te.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would like to make an
inquiry of the Delegate from Nebraska.
Mr. GROW. Debate is not in order. I object.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. ^ I wished to ask a ques-
tion, so that the House might understand the
matter.
The amendments reported to the House from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union last session were then read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the substitute provides for four districts, and four
receivers and registers. I wish to know how
much of that Territory is surveyed? If not
already surveyed, when will it be, so that these
officeis can go into office? Or are they to be ap-
pointed and to receive salaries for,a year or more
before the lands come into market?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by general consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not suppose
these lands will be surveyed for a year.
The question was then taken upon the several
amendments reported last session from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and they were non-con-
curred in.
The question recurring upon the substitute of
Mr. Cobb, from the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bowie, Bradshaw, ltrenton, Brooks,
Buffinton, Builmgame, James II. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis I). Campbell. Caruthers, Chaffee, dawson,
Clingman, Williamson R. W.Cobb, Colfax, Covode,Ciagin,
Cullen,DowdelI, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Elliott, English,
Ethondge, Evans, Faulknet j Flagler. Florence, Greenwood,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Robeit 15. Hall, Sampson W. Harris,
Ilanison, Herbert, Holloway, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine
B. Ilortou, Houston, Jcwott, Kelly, Kcnnctt, Knapp,
Knight, Iandley, Matteson, Kilhan Miller, Smith Millei,
Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Muriay, Andrew Oliver, Morde-
eai Oliver, Parker, Pctut, Phelps, Porter, Piinglc, Puivi
ance, Quitman, Kobbms, Robots, Rufliu, Sandidge, Sapp,
Savage, Shorter, Simmons, William It. Smith, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewai t, Talbott, Tayloi, Thorington, Vail, < 'adwal-
adcr 0. Washburnc, Watkins, WclK,and Wood worth—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, ITeniy Bennett, Burnett, Ezra
Clark, Coming Craige, Cumbaek, Day, Dean, Dodd. Ed-
muiuKon, Goode, < i«uig 'r, [Iailan. Haven, Hodge>, How-
ard, Geoige W. .Tone*, Kidwell, Kmc, Knowlton, Knox,
Lake, Loiter, Letchei, MeCaity, MeMuIlm, McUueen,
MiUson, Molt, Nichols, Norton, Pennington, Pony, Pike,
Powell, Purvear, Ricaud, Rus-t, Sabin, Sage, Scott, Sher-
man, William Smith, Spinnet, Stanton, Thurston, Todd,
Tiafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Wnldiou, Elhhu i>.
Washburnc, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Wheeler,Whitney,
Williams, Wmslow, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wngiit, and John
V. Wright—Gii
So the substitute was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that his colleague
[Mr. Davis] was absent on account of sickness.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I move to amend the
title of the bill by inserting, instead of "an addi-
tional land office," " threeadditional land offices."
The amendment was agreed to.
MILITARY ROADS IN OREGON.
A bill (H. R. No. 2) making appropriations
for the completion of military roads m Oregon
Territory.
The bill appropriates the following sums of
money for the eompleiion of military roads now
in course of construction in Oregon Territory:
For the completion of the road from Astoria to
Salem, §45,000; for the completion of the road
fromMyrtlc Creek to Camp Stewart, $30,000; and
for the completion of the road from Myrtle Creek
to Scottsburg, $30,000 — the said roads to be
completed under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
Reported by the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union with the following amend-
ment:
Snike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the following sums of money be, and the same are
hereby, appropualed, fot the completion of nuhtaiy road-s
now in the course, of construction in the Territory of Ore-
gon, to wit: for tlie completion of the load fiom Astoria to
Salem, the sum of $tu,(>00 ; for the completion of the road
from Myrtle Creek to Camp Stewart, the sum of $-30,000 ;
: and for the completion of ihe load from Myrtle Creek to
Scottaburg, the sum of $30,000; the same to be done under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended,, was ordered to be
engrossed and read "a third time;' ai)d-being
engrossed, it was "read the third time. ^ '
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill. , ;
The previous question was seconded, and' the
main question ordered. . &
The question being on the passage o&fre bill,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called f^^feyeas
and nays. • •.
The yeas and nays were not ordfcred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to. Ipf
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill; and the bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROADS IN WASHINGTON TERRI-
TORY.
A bill (H. R. No. 422) providing for the con-
struction of a military roau between Fort Steila-
coorn and Billingham Bay, in the Territory of
Washington.
The question being on the engrossment of the
bill,
Mr. GROW moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. JONKS,of Tennessee, moved that the bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to. + -
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidored; and under its operation
] the bill was passed.
I Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
I which the bill was passed, and also moved to lav
I the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES AND ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
A bill (H". R. No. 428) making appropriations
for the bridging of streams and opening.roads in
Minnesota Territory.
The bill appropriates the following sums for
the bridging of streams and opening roads in the
Territory of Minnesota, to wit: For bridging the
streams on the territorial road between St. Paul
and Elliota, $10,000; for opening and improving
a road from Shakopee to Le Seur, $5,000; for
opening and improving a road from Kasota to
Winnebago Agency, $5,000; for opening and
improving a road from Faribault to Traverse des
Sioux, §5,000; the said bridges and roads to be
constructed under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. GROW called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
i main question ordered.
j Mr. McMULLlN. Is this for the construc-
i tion of military roads, or roads generally ?
! Mr. GROW. *The Commissioner of the Gen-
! eral Land Office recommends the opening of these
1 roads, in order to carry out the treaty stipula-
j tions with the Indians there, and as the most
i economical means to the Government for that
■ purpose.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there not before
i the Committee on Territories a bill providing for
| the admission of Minnesota as a State into the
I Union ?
j Mr. GROW The committee have such a bill
i before them, which they propose to report; but it
i is for the people to decide that question, if the
i bill passes, in June nexfe
j The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
! a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
| ingly read the third time.
\ Mr. GROW demanded the previous question
| on the passage of the bill:
j The previous question was seconded^ and the
| main question ordered to be pat.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
son, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
