zm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Carutbers, Chaf-
fee Bayard Clarke, Ezra G'iaik, Claw-son, Colfax, Coimiis,
Co'vode, Or agin, Cullen, Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodd, ,
Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, English, Flagler, Florence, Gran- >
aer Greenwood, Giosv, Amui-tus Hall, Robert IS. Hall,
Hat Jan, Harrison, Herbert, Hodges, Thomas II. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Itnapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Matteson, Maxwell, Killian
Miller, .-Smuil Miller, Morrill, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker,.5?eeJc, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter,
Pringle, Pttrviance, Bobbins. Roberts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Savage, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Tappan, Tlionngtoii, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Cadvvalader C. IVashburne, ElUliu B. Wash-
bume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Williams, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworth—94.
Says—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Branch, Brooks, Burnett,
James II. Campbell, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
It. W. Cobb, Craige, Cumback, Day, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Elliott, Faulkner, Garnett, Goode, Sampson W. Hams,
Haven, Hollowav, Houston, George W. Jones, King, Lake,
Leiter, Letcher," Alexander K. Mar&hail, McCaitj-, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
Nichols, Orr, Pike, Puryear, Quitman, Rlcaud, Ruffin,
Sandidge, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Underwood, Walker, Watkuis, Whitney,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—55.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call, *"
Mr. WHEELER stated that if he had been
present he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. CRAIGE (at twenty minutes after three
o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS Iff WASHINGTON TER-
RITORY.
A bill (H. R. No. 416) making appropriations
for the erection of public buildings in Washing-
ton Territory.
.The SPEAKER stated that the bill had been
reported from the Committee Of the Whole on the
state of theUnion, with thefollowing amendment:
Provided, That the aforesaid sums of money herein ap-
propriated shall build and complete the aforesaid build-
ings, including the costs for the sites.
]\lr. GROW called for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn, with a View of affording mem-
bers an opportunity to look into this bill.
Mr. ORIi. What will be the effect on this
bill, if the House adjourns without seconding the
call for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The bill will go to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But it i 3 territorial
business, and can easily be taken up to-morrow
or the next day.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of 9M0. I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia to withdraw the motion to
adjourn until a general appropriation bill, sent
back from the .Senate with sundry amendments,
be taken up and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. McMULLIN withdrew the motion for that
purpose.
The House then, by unanimous consent, took
up from the Speaker's table a bill (H. R. No.
607) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th June, 1358, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto; and, on motion of
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, referred them to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of a communication from
his Excellency Andrew Johnson, Governor of
the State of Tennessee, tendering to the Govern-
ment of the United States five hundred acres of
the late residence of Andrew Jackson, deceased,
including the mansion, IBmb, &,e., known as the
"Hermitage, "on the terms and conditions of the
act of the Legislature of said State, and also a
copy of said act.
Mr. SNEED. I do not see my colleague [Mr.
Zollicoffer] present, who, at the last session,
• introduced a bill in reference to this subject. I
move that the President's message be referred to
the same committee, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SNEED. Then I move that this mes-
sage be sent to that committee, and ox'dered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President, stating in what manner
the joint resolution-of August 28, 1856, relative
to the restoration of the ship Resolute, had been
executed; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
! Virginia to withdraw his motion to adjourn until
; reports of a territorial character may be sub- j
j mitted, in order that they may be referred and
I printed. !
j Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw it for that j
j purpose. j
j Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
I ries, reported a bill providing for the completion !
| of the Capitol building of Utah; which was read j
; a first and second time, referred to the Commit- '
I tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
' ordered to be printed.
Mr. G. also reported back a bill (H. R. No.
| 619) making an appropriation for completing the
Capito! building in theTerritory of NewMexico;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DENVER, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an appropriation to reimburse to the State
of California money expended in the suppression
of Indian hostilities in said State; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, asked leave to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to puichase a site and construct tlie necessary building for
a custom-house and post office in the city of Keokuk, in
the State of Iowa.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. McMULLIN,
the House (at half past three o'clock, p. m)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 21, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information as to the effect upon
the annual revenue of the Government of the
remission of a portion of the duties upon certain
articles of import; which was read, and referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
NEW SENATOR.
Mr. GEYER presented the credentials of the
Hon. James Stephens Green, elected a Senator
by the Legislature of the State of Missouri for
the residue of the constitutional term which com-
menced on the 4th of March, 1855.
The credentials were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Ghees, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of the
American Geographical and Statistical Society,
praying that three dollar coins and three cent
pieces may not be issued, and that none but
decimal coin may be put in circulation; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of George
Chorpenning, Jr., contractor for carrying the
mail on routes 5066 and 12801, from California
to Salt Lake, for remuneration for losses sus-
tained by Indian depredations, and for extra ser-
vices; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of J. T.
Wright, praying compensation for a vessel de-
stroyed by fire while employed in the transporta-
tion of United States troops, under a contract
with the Government; which was referred to the
! Committee on Military Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Cui.lom, their Clerk, announced that
they had passed the following bills; in which
he was directed ta ask the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 415) to make an appropria-
tion for the construction of a penitentiary in the
Territory of Nebraska;
A bill (H. R. No. 212) to establish three addi-
tional land districts in the Territory of Nebraska;
A bill (H. R. No. 2) for the completion of mil-
itary roads in Oregon Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 422) providing for the con-
struction of a military road between Fort Steila-
coom and Billingham Bay, in the Territory of
Washington;
A bill (H. R. No. 428) making appropriations
for the bridging of streams and opening roads in
Minnesota Territory; and
A bill (H. R. No. 624) for extending the land
laws east of the Cascade Mountains, in Oregon
and Washington Territories.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 489)
making appropriations for the removal of Dia-
mond Reef and Coenties Reef, in the harbor of
New York, reported it without amendment.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of the legal representatives of Colonel Ethan
Allen, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William L. David-
son, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to v.'hom was referred the bill (S. No.
367) for the relief of William J. Appleby, clerk
of the supreme and first district courts in Utah
Territory, reported it without amendment, and
that it ought not to pass.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial
of Anton L. C. Portman, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 513) for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John H. Wheeler,
submitted a report, accompanied by"a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, fronj the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
!I 307) granting bounty land to certain officers and
" soldiers employed in the protection of the public
property at Baton Rouge, in the year 1836, and
during the Florida Indian war, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports on the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 55) to grant to the State of
Florida a preemption right to certain lands, and
for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 133) to provide for the sale of
certain town lots in Wisconsin and Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 370) making a grant of lands to
the State of California, in alternate sections, to
aid in the construction of railroads in said State;
A bill (S. No. 379) granting public lands to the
State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of
a railroad in said State;
A bill (S. No. 388) granting public lands in
alternate sections to the State of Florida, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from St. Augustine
to the St. John's river;
A bill (S. No. 4G7) for the relief of certain set-
tlers m the State of Jowa, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 140) to authorize the entry of cer-
tain lands in the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline
Newington; and
A bill (S. No. 4C8) amendatory of an act enti-
tled "An act to amend an act entitled ' an act for
laying off the towns of Fort Madison and Bur-
lington, &c., in the State of Iowa,' and for other
purposes," approved 3d March, 1837.
Mr. REID, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
