1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
petition of Thomas Fitnam, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
110) for the relief of the purchasers of swamp
lands from the States in- which the same are
situated, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. DOUG-LAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
293) for the construction of a road from Port
Ridgely, in the Territory of Minnesota, to the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, reported it without amend-
ment, and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration.
Mr. STUART. A bill of the same character,
originating m the House of Representatives, was
passed by Congress at the last session, and has
become a law. I move to postpone it indefinitely,
so as to get it off the Calendar of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Joseph E. Holmes and others, reported a
bill (S. No. 515) incorporating the Granite Man-'
ufacturing Company of Washington City; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill (S. No. 516) to incorporate the Washington
Paper Mill Company; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims to report back a
great number of petitions which were intended
to be provided for by the bi'll which the Senate,
on Friday last, postponed to a day beyond the
session. This the committee regard as tanta-
mount to the rejection of the bill. We therefore
ask to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of these petitions.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
was discharged from the memorial of the heirs
and representatives of officers of the Old Mary-
land line; the memorial of the heirs and rep-
resentatives of officers of the Virginia Conti-
nental Line; the memorial of the heirs and rep-
resentatives of officers ©f the Massachusetts line;
the memorial of the heirs and representatives of
officers of the Pennsylvania line; the petition of
C. H. Gridley; the memorial of Eliza and Abby
E. Peck, of Providence, Rhode Island; two peti-
tions of the heirs of Joseph Morrell; the petition
of the heirs of John S. Budd; the petition of
Joseph R. Underwood, devisee of Robert Brad-
dock; the petition of Anna Tongue, heir and legal
representative of Colonel John Stewart; the peti-
tion of the heirs of Samuel Adams; the petition
of Robert H. Gray, on behalf of the heirs of
Colonel Allan Maclean, and others; the petition
of the heirs of Lemuel B. Mason; the memorial
of Mary Fenner, only surviving child of Christo-
pher Greene; the petition of the heirs of Corne-
als Russell; the petition of John W. Pray, one
of the heirs of John Pray; the petition of John
Johnson, and other citizens of Georgia; the me-
morial of Anna Rice, heir and legal representa-
tiveof Captain John Jones; the petitionof Edward
Ballard; the petition of Jacob Cooper, son of
Apollos Cooper; additional papers relative to the
memorialof the heirsof Lieutenant ColonelUriah
Forrest; the petition of John S. Ormsbee, heir
of John Spurr; the petition of Lurana Russell;
the petition of J. Lawton Pratt; the petition of
Elizabeth Pinniger, one of the heirs of Thomas
Arnold; the petition of the heirs of Captain
Samuel Miller; the petition of the heirs of John
K. Smith; the petition of Sophia Mason, heir of
James Means; the petition of Sarah B. Hobbins,
sole heir and lineal descendant of Michael Jack-
son; the petition of William L. Meridcth, heir
of William Merideth; the petition of David Ben-
jamin, son and heir of Lieutenant Samuel Ben-
jamin; the petition of Horatio Gates Cook; the
petition of the heirs of Joseph Boynton; the
Eetition of Henry D. E. Hutchins, one of the
eirs of Nathaniel Hutchins; the petition of the
heirs of Daniel Gookin; the petition of Caleb
Frye, one of the heirs of Nathaniel Frye; the
petition of Thomas Given; the petition of Joseph
S. Bailey; the petition of Susanna H. Burnham;
the petition of Lucius Q.. C. Nason and Sabina
Grant; the memorial of Mary E. Heard; the
petition of Mary Ann S. Darby; the petition of
Samuel Pope; the petition of Peletiah Littlefield;
i
the petition of John Holdcn; the memorial of
R. St. Clair Graham; the petition of Francis
McGuire; and the resolutions of the Legislature
of New York, for the settlement of the claims
of officers of the revolutionary fimy for half
pay.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the memorial of
Sallie Eola Reneau; the petition of the board of
supervisors of Brown county, Wisconsin; the
memorial of John M. Gardner; the memorial of
the Legislature of Iowa, presented January 2;
the memorial of the General Assembly of Mis-
souri, presented February 6, 1856; the petition,
of residents of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania,
presented December 18; the memorial of the Illi-
nois State Educational Convention; and the me-
morial of citizens of Essex county, Massachu-
setts, presented December 22, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was roforred the resolution of the
Legislature of the State of California, asking for
an appropriation equivalent to the value of such
books as she would have received if siie had
gone through a territorial organization previous
to her admission into the Union as a State, have
directed mo to report back the resolution, and
ask to bo discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject, for the reason that we know
of no books that she would have received if She
had gone through a territorial pupilage, unless
allusion be made to the usual appropriation of
#5,000 for a library. To give this to California
would involve the giving of the same sum to each
new State.
The committee were discharged.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the DUtuct of Columbia
be dis-chaiged from the turther consideration of the petition
of Jolm Holohan, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings;.
On motion of Mr. G-EYEIt, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
George E, Hand.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it wag
Ordered, That the Committee on Ten itories be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of 12. M,
Joslin, and that it be referred to the Committee 011 Manu-
factures.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Territories be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Ilozekiah
Miller, and that it be referred to the Committee 011 Military
Affairs.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF DEEDS.
Mr, BROWN. The Committee 011 the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 475) relating to the acknowledgment of
deeds, &e., in the District of Columbia, have
directed me to report it back without amendment,
and recommend its passage. As the bill contains
but a single section, and as the subject to which
it relates is a matter of some consequence to the
inhabitants of this District, I aslc for its consider-
ation now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill, which provides that hereafter the acknowl-
edgment of deeds and other instruments of
writing relating to the conveyance of lands in the
District of Columbia, taken by a single magis-
trate,justice of the peace, or notary public, shall
have the same legal effect as if taken by two
magistrates or justices of the peace, as now
required by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the message of the President of the United
States, respecting the restoration to the British Govern-
ment of the ship Resolute, yesterday communicated to
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the letter of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, accompanied by copies of accounts for Indian
disbursements, communicated to the Senate January 6,
1857, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
be printed.
Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorial of Phil0 S. Shelton. which
was referred the last session of Congress to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, asking for action of Congresfc in the
Aves" or ct Sheltou's £sle" case, together with the ac-
companying depositions and papers, be printed with the
correspondence on said case, transmitted by the President
to the benate. - j  
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES?"'*
Mr. PEARCE. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, some two or three weeks since, sent to the
Senate a report from the Superintendent of
Weights and Measures, which was laid on the
table in consequence of my absence at that time.
I wish to move for the printing of that report,
and also for the printing of two thousand extra
copies. I will remark that no report has been
made on this subject since the 1st of January,
1848; and this report gives information of the
progress on the subject since, with the laws of
the different States in regard to weights and
measures, and various other matters of interest.
I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 now move that two thou-
sand extra copies be printed, of which seven
hundred and fifty shall be for the use of the
Superintendent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
will go to the Committee on Printing, under the
rules.
POST ROUTE IN IOWA.
Mr. .TONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po&t Roads bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing u post route from Iowa City to Cedar Rapids,
via Noitii Bend, on the west side of the Iowa nvei,to
• Roberts-a Feiry, on said n\er, thence via Shelbyville and
Western.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to notify the Senate
this morning that I shall ask their indulgence on
Friday to take up the business of the District of
Columbia. There are a number of District bills
now on the Calendar, and others will be reported
by that time. If the Senate fails to act on them
within the next nine or ten days, they will stand
no chance of getting through the House of Rep-
resentatives at this session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remind the Senator that each Friday, until
the close of the session, has been appropriated to
the Private Calendar.
Mr. BROWN. Then I shall ask the Senate
to sit on Saturday, for the consideration 011 that
day of the business of the District of Columbia.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PEARCE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to brins; in a joint resolution
(S. No. 46) for the appointment of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution; which was read a
first and second time by unanimous consent, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for filling two vacancies m the Board
of Regents of the institution of the class other
than members of Congress, by the reappointment
of the late incumbents, Richard Rush, of Penn-
sylvania, and Joseph G. Totten, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed and '
read a third time, and it was read the third time,
and passed.
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill (S. No. 493) to expedite telegraphic com-
munication for the use of the Government in its
foreign intercourse. It provides that the Secre-
tary of State, in the discretion and under the
direction of the President of the United States,
may contract with any competent persj>8, per-
sons, or association, for the aid of the United
States, in laying down a submarine cable, to con-
nect existing telegraphs between- the coast of
Newfoundland and the coast of Ireland, and for
the use of such submarine communication when
established- by the Government of the United
States, on such terms and cpnditions as shall
seem to the President just and reasonable. It is,
