394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
however, provided that the Government of Great
Britain shall, before or at the same time, enter
into a like contract for those purposes with the
same person, persons, or association, and upon
terms of exact equality with those stipulated by
the United States; and that the tariff of prices
for the use of such submarine communication by
the public shall be fixed by the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States and the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, or its authorized agent.
The United States is to enjoy the use of this sub-
marine telegraph communication for a period of
fifty years, on the same terms and conditions
which shall be stipulated in favor of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, in a contract to be
entered into.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the papers
accompanying the bill read.
The Secretary read the following documents:
To the Senate of the United States:
In compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 23d
instant, requesting the President to communicate " to the
Senate, if not incompatible with the public interest, such
information as he may have concerning the present condi-
tion and prospects of a proposed plan for connecting, by
submarine wiies, the magnetic telegraph lines on this con-
tinent and Europe,'* I transmit the accompanying report
from the Secretary of State.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, December 29,1856.
Department of State,
Washington*, December 26, 1856.
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 23d instant, requesting the
President " lo communicate to the Senate, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, such information as lie may
have concerning the present condition and prospects of a
proposed plan for connecting, by submarine wires, the
magnetic telegraph lines on this continent and Europe,"
has the honor to lay before the President a copy of a letter
of the 15th instant, which he has also referred to this
JDepai tment. addressed to him by the president and directors
of the New York,«Newlouiidland, and London Telegraph
Company. W. L. MARCY.
The President of the United States.
as will secure authority to detail a steamship for this pur-
pose,-.so that the glory of accomplishing what has been
justly styled " the crowning enterprise of the age," maybe
divided between the greatest and freest Governments-on
the face of the globe.
* With great respect, we have the honor to be, sir, your
most obedient servants,
PETER COOPER, 1
President.
M. O. ROBJERTS,
MOSES TAYLOR,
WILSON G. HUNT,
Directors.
The President of the United States.
Office of the New York, Newfoundland,
ais'd London Telegraph Company,
New York, December 15,1856.
Sir : The undersigned, directors of the New York, New-
foundland, and London Telegraph Company, have the
honor to uiform \ou that contracts have been made for the
manufactuie of the submarine telegiaphic cable to con-
nect the continents of Europe and America; and that it
is expected to have the line between New York and Lon-
don open for business by the 4th July, 1857. A com-
munication to this effect having been laid before the Lords
Commissioner? ofher Britannic Majesty's Treasury, elicited
a reply, of which we have now the honor to submit to you
an official copy, just received by the United States mail
s te<im>hip Atlantic, from Cjrus W. Field, Esq., vice pres-
ident of thw company As the work has been prosecuted
thus far with Arneiican capital, aided by the efforts of your
administration to ascertain the feasibility of the enterprise,
it is the earnest desire of the directors to becuie to the
Government of the United Stares equal pnvilege? with
tho>e stipulated for by the British Government. To this
dc-^ie the ioids commissioners of the Treasury have ac-
ceded in the mo«-t liberal spirit, by providing " That the
British Government shall have apriority in the conveyance
of their mess-ages over all other*, subject to the exception
only of the Government of the United States, in the event
of their enteiing into an arrangement with the telegraph
company similai in ptmciple to that of the British Govern-
ment, m which case the messages of the two Governments
shall have priority in the order m which they arrive at the
stations.5' In viewof the great international interests of
this Government, and the constant occurrence of grave
questions, m the solution of which time will be an essential
clement, we cannot doubt that the reservation made in
favor of the United States will be deemed of greatmoment.
We therefore hasten to communicate the facts to you, and
to request, in view of the fact that the present Congress
will soon terminate its existence., and that the cable will
be laid, if no accident prevents, before the new Congress
commences its session, that you will take such action in
the premises as you may deem the interests of this Gov-
ernment to require.
The company will enter into a contract with the Gov-
ernment of the United States on the same terms and con-
dition? as it has made with the British Government; such
a contract will, we supposeftfall withm the provisions of
the Constitution in regaid to postal arrangements, of which
Ihi-' i> only a new and impioved form.
We have the honor, also, to call your attention to the
second proviso in the letter of the Lords Commissioners,
to the following ('fleet :
u Her .Majesty's Government engages to furnish the aid
of ships to fak>' what soundings may still be considered
needtul, or to verily those already taken, and favorably to
consider any request that may be made to furnish aid by
their vc^s<'Is? m laying down the cable."
We are informed that no private steamships now built
are adapted to laying a cable of *uch dimensions as is pro-
posed to he used, bin that the uarsteamer  recently finished
by our Government are arranged to the very bestadvantage
for tins pmpt^e.
To avoid failure in laying the cable, it is desirable to use
every precaution, and we therefore have the honor to re-
quest that you will make such recommendation to Congress
Treasury Chambers, November 20,1856.
« Sir: Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of Iler
Majesty's Treasury your letter of the 13th ultimo, addressed
to the Earl of Clarendon, requesting, on behalf of the New-
York, Newfoundland, and London Telegraph Company^
certain privileges and protection in regard to the line of
telegraph which it is proposed to establish between New-
foundland and Ireland, I am directed by their lordships to
acquaint you that they are prepared to enterinto a contract
with the said telegraph company, based upon the following
conditions, viz:
1. It is understood that the capital required to lay down
the line will be (£350,000) three hundred and fifty thou-
sand pounds.
2. Her Majesty's Government engage to furnish the aid
of ships to take what soundings may still be considered
needful, or to verify those aheady taken; and favorably to
I consider any request that may be made to furnish aid by
j their vessels in laying down the cable.
j 3. The British Government, from the time of the com-
I pletion of the line, and so long as it shall continue m woik-
i mg order, undertakes to pay at the rate of (£14,000) four-
| teen thousand pounds a year, being at the rate of four per
cent, on the a&sumed capital, as a fixed remuneration for
the work done on behalf of the Government, in the con-
veyance outward and homeward of their messages. This
payment to continue until the net profits of the company
are equal to a dividend of six pounds per cent., when the
payment shall be reduced to (£10,000) ten thousand pounds
a year, for a period of twenty-five years.
It is, however, understood that if the Government mes-
sages in any year shall, at the usual tariff rate charged to the
public, amount to a larger sum, such additional payment
shall be made as is equivalent thereto.
4. That the British Government shall have a priority in
the conveyance of their messages over all otheis, subject
to the exception only of the Government of the United
States, in the event of their entering into an arrangement
with llie telegraph company himilar in principle to that of
the British Government, in which case the messages of the
two Governments shall have priority in the order in which
they arrive at the stations.
5. That the tariff of charges shall be fixed with the con-
sent of the Treasury, and shall not be increased, without
such consent being obtained, so long as this contract lasts.
: I I am, sir, your obedient servant,
lj JAMES WILSON.
I1 Cyrus W. Field, Esq., 37 Jcrmyn street.
jj Mr. HUNTER. The bili, in its present shape,
i; is altogether indefinite. It certainly requires
I; amendment. It leaves the wHole matter to the
discretion of the President. He may enter into
h a contract binding the United States to expend
! what he pleases. Surely, some limit ought to be
! placed on the bill. The document which has
ji just been read shows that the British Govern-
ment are to pay <£14,000, or §70,000 a year for
!; the use of the telegraph. I think some limitation
j: ought to be put on the contract which the Presi-
j; dent may make in regard to this scheme; other-
' wise the United States may be embarked in it to
an extent far beyond what would be proper. I
suggest to the friends of the bill that it ought to
be amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will state briefly what
the difficulty is in that respect. The bill expressly
provides that the President shall be liniited to the
terms which the British Government make. It
is not without limitation That limitation is in
the bill. The proposition of the Lords Commis-
sioners of the British Treasury is to pay a certain
per cent, on the cost of the work, amounting to
<£14,000. The grant is limited so as not to ex-
ceed five per cent, of the^ expense of laying the
telegraph down; and that percentage is calculated
to amount to .£14,000. It is stipulated by the
Commissioners of the Treasury that if the British
Government send messages over the line in any
one year which, at the price charged to the com-
munity, would exceed «fl4,000, they are to make
allowance for the excess. There is a difficulty
in limiting the bill to §70,000, or <€14,000, with-
out any other condition. It may be that the price
of carrying the messages of the Government, at
|! the rates charged to the community at large, will
exceed the sum of $70,000 a year. The bill is
drawn up in such a manner as to limit the Presi-
dent. lie is not to exceed the price stipulated in
the contract made by the British Government,
and we are to have all tlje right:- which that Gov-
ernment may possess. Gentlemen, I apprehend,
will see the difficulty of inserting an express stipl
illation, that the sum paid to tliis company shall
not exceed §70,000, unless the messages at the
common price charged to the community should
exceed that sum, and also the other conditions
stated in the terms of the Commissioners of the
British Treasury. That is already done suffi-
ciently by the general terms of the bill. I think
it stands limited without an amendment ingraft-
ing the specific items themselves. I do not think
the bill is liable to the danger of unlimited ex-
penditure, as the gentleman from Virginia sup-
poses.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the bill, the
President may contribute anything in the way
of aid to make this submarine line of telegraph
which the British Government may. It will then
be in the power of the Governments to lay it **
down themselves. There is no limitation upon
the President in regard to that. It is left to the
President of the United States and the British
Government, if they choose, to go to all the ex-
pense of carrying on this work. That is a power
conferred by the bill, if I understand it. It is to
contribute such aid as the President thinks proper
without limitation. My own opinion is, that
while we can pay the company after they lay
down the work, for the use of the line, in order to
transmit communications to and fro, which may
be indispensable to the Government, we ought not
to embark in the actual enterprise itself; that is,
in the construction of the line. I think it ought
to be done by a private company. Let the Gov-
ernments pay, if they choose, for the use of the
line, in order to secure such communication as
maybe indispensable between the two continents,
or the means of communication; but I am unwill-
ing to unite this Government to the private com-
pany which is to lay down the telegraph line.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not understand that
anything is to be contributed by either Govern-
ment to the company. The whole matter is
nothing more nor less than this: the company
desire to have some sort of security before they
make their great outlay, in order that they may
have some return for the capital invested.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will allow me
to read a clause from the bill. It is:
'■ That the Secretary of State, in the discretion and under
the direction of the President, may conn act vvitii any com-
petent person or persons or association for the aid of the
United States in Jaymg down a submarine cable," &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. But if the Senator will
read the whole bill, and look at the limitations
which it contains, and then refer to the conditions
imposed by the British Government, he will see
that the President and Secretary of the Treasury
are confined to those #conditions. Here is their
proposition in writing, which has been read,
showing what the British Government are to do.
They tell the company, " You say it will cost
you .£350,000, and the Government will pay jo9
four per cent, for so long a time. If the work
you do for us amounts to that sum, we will pay
it, but we do not agree to advance anything or
give any assistance but this assurance, that if the
telegraph operates when you lay it down you
shall have four per cent, on the cost."
Mr. BENJAMIN". The bill binds us to give
such aid as the British Government have already
agreed to give; but if the British Government
should change its plan, and engage in building
the line altogether, we should Toe compelled to
join them under the terms of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bill was based en-
tirely on the proposition which came from the
Lords Commissioners of the British Treasury.
If gentlemen are willing to agree to what the
British Government has agreed to, I have no ob-
jection to limiting the bill m that manner.
Mr. RUSK. The proposition which has been
read to the Senate was laid before the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, as coming
from the British Government; and 1 presume, as
a matter of course, it is the arrangement really
made. None $f the dangers that are apprehended
are likely to occur, in my judgment. A propo-
sition was submitted by the company, asking for
the aid of the British Government, and an answer
was received from that Government agreeing to
furnish the aid of ships in laying down the wire,
and to pay a sum not exceeding =£14,000 for the
use of the work when completed. In other words.
