1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
they will secure to the company an amount equal
to four per cent, upon what they said would be
the capital required to complete the work. Then
we propose to do precisely what the British Gov-
ernment has done. They have made certain stip-
ulations as to having the use of the telegraph; and
in those stipulations they provide that they shall
have the preference over every one that may want
to use the line, except the Government of the
United States. This leaves an opening, and was
doubtless intended to do so, to permit the Gov-
ernment of the United States to contribute equally
with the British Government in aiding the line,
and then having an equal use of it.
In the first place, I think there is no danger
of the contract being changed by the British Gov-
ernment, especially when it has been based on a
proposition made by the parties, and accepted
by the British Government. They would not be
likely to change it without consulting the Gov-
ernment of the United States, because they seem
to desire that the Government of the United States
should be put on precisely the same footing with
themselves. The bill puts the two Governments
exactly on the same footing; and it places the
whole power in regard to this contract, on our
part, in the hands of the President. It is an
experiment, and a very important experiment.
The amount which it is likely to take from the
Treasuiy of the United States will be only $70,000
a year.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to interrupt the
honoraole Senator for one moment. I think, if
this is to be the most serious objection to the bill,
I«can remove all objection to it by proposing
amendments calculated to meet the objection. It
is only a matter of detail; and if the honorable
chairman will allow me, I will read the amend-
ments I propose to offer to remove the objection.
The first is: after the words "just and reason-
able," in the eleventh line, to insert:
Not exceeding *70.0110 per annum, until tlie net profits
of such person or poisons or association shall be equal to
a dividend of iiv pin com. per annum,juul then not ex-
ceeding $50,000 per annum lor twenty-tree years.
This amendment brings it down to the.propo-
sition already made. I propose, also, a further
amendment at the close of the bill:
Provided further, That the contract so to be made by the
British Govei nment shall not be different from that already
proposed by that Government to the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company.
This amendment narrows the bill down to the
very proposition now made by the British Gov-
ernment. Details wereTVoided in the framing
of the bill. Take these two amendments to-
gether, and they remove all the objections to the
bill which have thus far been made.
Mr. RUSK. I was going to say that the-bill
proposes, in its present shape, only $70,000 a year
for a very important experiment, about which
it is unnecessary for me to speak to the Senate.
Every one can see that it is of great importance.
With a reasonable probability of success in an
enterprise of this description, calculated to pro-
duce such beneficial results, I should be willing
to vote $200,000.
I shall vote against the amendments proposed
by the Senator from New York, because I appre-
hend no danger from the bill in its present shape.
I think that the Government of Great Britain,
in a matter of this description, would make no
change in the contract not absolutely necessary
for the reasonable completion of the work. Be-
sides, I have full confidence in the President of
the United States. I should have full confidence
in almost any President of the United States,
that he would not use a power of this kind for
the purpose of reaching the Treasury. I do not
regard it as an ordinary case, where we should
throw great guards around the exercise of Exec-
utive power.
As the papers which have been read show,
this is an experiment. A portion of the ships
of the United States are to be used in it. The
British Government propose to furnish ships for
laying down the cable; and we, I take it for
granted, will do the same thing. I do not know
how this experiment may turn out. It may hap-
pen that it may become necessary in the recess
of Congress to make some change in the con-
tract; and, so far as I am concerned, I have no
doubt the British Government will stand up to ;
the contract which they have proposed to make
and not alter its terms for the purpose of getting
an advantage over us. If they were to do'-so—
it is a thing not reasonably to be supposed — I
have full confidence in the President in a matter
of this description. If the amendments offered
by the Senator from New York be adopted, I
shall still vote for the bill, but I prefer to vote for
it without amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that the Senator
from Texas cannot vote for the amendments of
the Senator from New York. If the amend-
ments should be adopted, the proposition will be
precisely what the Senator frofn Texas under-
stands it to be without the amendments. What,
then, is the objection to their adoption ? As the
bill now stands, ft is liable to the objection which
has been made of uncertainty as to the amount
of our obligation. It may be-that the proposi-
tion which Great Britain has made, and which it
is our intention to accede to, may be varied, and
our obligations increased to an indefinite extent
under the authority given to the President by the
original bill. It is desirable to know precisely
what our obligations are to be, and I think they
should be specified on the face of the bill.
For one, I am willing to agree to the proposi-
tion to pay a sum not exceeding $70,000 a year
for the services which this telegraphic company
propose to render our Government under the
circumstances; but I am not willing to authorize
the President of the United States to make anjn-
definite contract, with no limitation but his own
discretion. I prefer to specify on the face of the
bill the extent of our obligations. We shall thus
avoid the objections that have been made. I
hope the friends of this measure will vote for the
amendments of the Senator from New York, and
thus remove the uncertainty which now appears
on the face of the bill
Mr. SEWARD. I think, if the Senator from
Texas will reconsider his opinion, he will find that
we do not probably impair the probability of get-
ing this great enterprise accomplished, by adopt-
ing the amendments I have proposed. I wish to
remark that this wire required to be laid down
is already made. The whole enterprise has here-
tofore been conducted with American capital. On
the 4th of July next, if this bill shall pass, there
will be, for all practical purposes, an electric
girdle around the world. All that is wanted is to
pass this bill. All that this bill proposes is just
what the British Government has agreed to do.
It is proposed to use the vessels belonging to the
United States Navy, and the British Government
has agreed to lend vessels belonging to the British
Navy, for the purpose of laying the wire. The
reason for this requisition is. that there is not
in the commercial marine of either country suc.h
steam vessels as are adapted to spinning out this
wire along the bottom of the Atlantic ocean.
Further, the British Government agrees to pay,
provided we will agree to pay a sum not exceed-
ing fourteen thousand pounds sterling, which, at
four dollars and eighty cents to the pound, is
something less than seventy thousand dollars a
year, for the use of the telegraphic wirQ. The lull
proposes that we pay the same sum for the like
use. These payments to continue until the per-
sons laying the wire shall, by the tariff to be
agreed upon by the two countries, secure profits
equal to six per cent, per annum; and then the
annual payments to be made for the use of the
wire by each Goveanment are to be reduced to
ten thousand pounds, or something less than
fifty thousand dollars a year. That is all there
is of it.
With respect to the suggestions made by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, I have framed
two amendments which will exactly limit this
bill to the proposition which has been made by
the British Government to the company, and
which the company have not accepted, because
they wait for the action of this Government, but
which they are prepared to accept, provided we
make the same contract with them. If we do not
make this contract, the British Government will
have the priority of messages, and we will have
to pay according to the tariff they establish. If
we make this contract, each party will have pri-
ority accordingly as its messages arrive first at
the office of the telegraph company. Will the
honorable Senator from Texas waive his objec-
tion to the amendments?
Mr. RUSK. I do not care particularly whether
the amendments be adopted or not; but I shall
vote against them.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. There is another matter
which seems to me to require some safeguards.
Both the termini of this telegraphie line are in the
British dominions. What security are we to
have that in time of war we shall have the use of
the telegraph as well as the British Government?'
I see nothing in the bill to secure it. I think that
is a master which we ought, to look to.
Mr. SEWARD. It appears not toJiavebeen
contemplated by the British Government—and I
hope they proceeded rationally when they made
thisproposition to this telegraphic company—that
there would ever be any interruption of the ami-
cable relations between the two countries. There-
fore nothing was proposed in their contract for
the contingency of war. When this question first
came up, that difficulty presented itself to my
mind,and I suggested to the telegraphic company
that it ought to be the subject of a treaty between
the United States and Great Britain. I sent them
to the President of the United States and the Sec-
retary of State for the purpose of seeing whether
the whole matter could not be regulated by a
treaty which would secure provision for the con-
tingency of war; but such negotiations and other
difficulties would protract the whole affair until
after the 4th of July, which is after this session.
The papers were returned to the Senate without
any notice of the question now raised concerning
the contingency of war, or, indeed, any other, by
the President, and now the question, arises what
shall be done ?
That the two termini are both in the British
dominions is true; but it is equally true that there
is no other terminus on this continent wheie it is
practicable to make that communication except
in the British dominions. We have no domin-
ions on the other side of the Atlantic ocean.
There is no other route known on which the tel-
egraphic wire could be drawn through the ocean
so as to find a proper resting-place or anchorage
except this. The distance on this route is seven-
teen hundred miles. It is not even known that
the telegraphic wire will carry the fluid with suf-
ficient strength to communicate across those sev-
enteen hundred miles. That is yet a scientific
experiment, and the company are prepared to
make it.
In regard to war, all the danger there is is this:
There is a hazard of war at some future time,
and I have to say, whatever arrangements we
might make, war would break them up. At least,
war would probably break them up. There can
be no stipulation of treaty that would save us the
benefit desired. The probability is, if we ever
get into a war with Great Britain—which I hope
may never happen—we shall then have to strike
for one of the two terminations, if not both, in
order to secure to ourselves the benefit of it. In
the mean time, if this intercourse shall be sus-
pended, in such case certainly we shall not have
to pay for it after war is declared. According to
the theory of the bill, the British Government
will have to pay the whole expense, and we shall
be as well off as now.
A delay would throw the matter over another
year, and postpone the whole system. My own
hope is, that after the telegraphic wire is once
laid, there will be no more war between the
United States and Great Britain. I think it will
result, after some years—some centuries, perhaps,'
or half ccnturics—in reducing the expense of
diplomatic intercourse, as well as preventing war.
I believe that whenever such a connection as this
shall be made, we diminish the chances of war,
and diminish them in such a degree that it is not
necessary to take them into consideration at the
present moment.
I have only one other word oil that subject,
and that is, that the use of this telegraph in time
of war, if it should come, is a proper subject for
treaty. The spirit manifested between the two
countries is such as to make it not less probable
than desirable, on the one part as the otner, that
it can be regulated by treaty after this bill shall
have passed. : ;
Mr. HUNTER. I should be glad to think
that the millennium was as near at hand as the
Senator from New York seems to suppose; but
as I am unwilling to trust to his promises and
vaticinations in that regard, I should like to see
