396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
some substantial guarantee in the bill by which
the United States should be able to secure to
themselves the same advantages in time of war as
the British Government will possess. This is an
arrangement between two countries; it commences
in the shape of legislation; and I thiifk we ought
at least to throw around it such safeguards as to
secure to the United States an equal participation
in its use during war. It will not do to say that
we can send our ships to cut the telegraphic
wires. Here is an immense capital thatrwould
be destroyed. There ought to be some means
provided by which the United States can secure
to themselves the use of this communication in
time of war as well as Great Britain. Otherwise,
we are contributing, and contributing largely, to
place in her possession the superiority, so far as
the rapid dispatch of communication is concerned,
over us in time of war, which I should be unwill-
ing to do.
Mr. WELLER. War would abrogate the con-
tract any how.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a certain class of
treaties which are good in time of war; such as
that for the neutralization of the route across
Central America. I apprehend there are obliga-
tions in that treaty which would last whether
there be war or not. Surely, it is in the power
of two nations to make compacts which shall
endure notwithstanding war between them.
Mr. RU Sli. There is this difficulty about any
amendment to the bill, looking to that point: We
are not contracting with the British Government,
and I ask the honorable Senator from Virginia if
he supposes that we can contract with a company
to guaranty rights to us in case we should be at
war with Great Britain ?
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose we can defer the
contract until, by treaty, we make an agreement
with Great Britain on this point.
Mr. RUSK. That delay would be the defeat
of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Then to pass the bill is to
give the British Government these advantages.
Mr. RUSK. I do not think so. We could
cut the wire in two or three hours if we were to
go to war. I think it will be a great means of
preventing war.
Mr. CASS, I wish to suggest whether the
bill may not be amended by adding a proviso
that no money shall be expended until we have
received assurances from the British Government
that this communication shall be free to us as
well in wer as in peace. Otherwise it is very
manifest, as the honorable Senator from Virginia
says, that we are building up a means of rapid
communication for the British in time of war
which we cannot use at the very time when we
may most need it. It seems to me such a proviso
could be inserted in the bill and not delay the
work.
Mr. PUG-H. I rise for the purpose of offering
such an amendment as the Senator from Mich-
gan has suggested:
Provided, That tin* act shall not take effect until atreaty
riiall have been concluded and ratified between the Gov-
ernments of Gieat Bri am am! the United States, whereby
such portions of the iir:n -h possessions in North Aineriea
as command the western terminus of the said submarine
telegraph shall have been subjected to the principle of
neutralization adopted m the convention relative to Cen-
tral America, signed at Washington on the 10th of April,
1850, and --tieh other convention supplementary thereto as
may he ratilied h,:i eafter.
I am sorry that this bill is pressed to a vote at
this time. I am very much afraid that it is an-
other Collins-line scheme in disguise; I am very
much afraid that we are asked to vote public
muiiey to a private corporation lor carrying on its
business, and that no benefit will ever resultto this
Government. In time of war, confessedly, this
communication will not only be entirely useless to
us, but in the last degree injurious. In time of
peace, the amount of money which we stipulate
to pay under this bill is more than will suffice to
eeud all the dispatches we need send to our min-
isters abroad in England and in France. The
Government of Great Britain can well afford to
pay this sum of money. She has a line of col-
onies and possessions bordering the whole of our
northern States. -This is a communication be-
tween one and another portion of her own domin-
ions, as essential to her as a telegraphic coramu-
nicatiojibetweon Great Britain and Ireland.
But,'sir, what is our situation ? Central Amer-
ica is of vitaliraportance to us. It is the pathway
from the Atlantic to our Pacific possessions. We
have been led by the diplomacy of Great Britain,
erroneously in niy humble judgment, to interpose
there an invincible obstacle to our commerce in
peace and to our arms in war, by the so-called
Clayton-Bui wer convention. That which is essen-
tial to us we have allowed Great Britain to thrust
herself in, and to dictate to us the terms on which
we shall hold communication with a part of this
Republic. Now we propose to arm her with
power in time o£ war to send telegraphic com-
munications from London to attack and lay waste
the whole of the northern States of this Republic.
In case of war, the first thing which this Gov-
ernment must do is to send an expedition to New-
foundland, to cut off the telegraph. It then be-
comes an act of the highest self-defense for us to
put a stop to this thing. 5Ve shall have to fit out
an. expedition for that purpose. We shall have
to invade their country for the express 'purpose
of taking out of their hands this enormous engine.
I cannot see—I speak frankly—how, to this Gov-
ernment, as a Government, this scheme can be
of any service; and I certainly never can vote for
it in any shape, until we have secured from the
Government of Great Britain the same doctrine
in relation to Newfoundland and those portions
of her possessions which command the western
terminus of this line, which we kave applied to
Cefftral America—that she shall neutralize that
territory; that she shall not exercise control over
it; that she shall not have it in her power by her
officers to take possession of this terminus of the
telegraph.
I may be in error in these conclusions; but it
seems to me that when a proposition is brought
here for us to vote an equal amount of money
with the English Government to establish this
telegraph, it behooves us to consider what this
engine will amount to in time of war, and what
benefit it will confer on us in time of peace. As
for the commercial advantages in time of peace,
I do not deny that they will be very great; but I
cannot, for the sake of commercial advantages
in time of peace, sacrifice the essential safety of
the people m time of war. I hope, therefore, that
my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to suggest, for the con-
sideration of the honorable member from Ohio,
that his amendment would not reach his object.
If the British Government wanted to establish
this telegraph to our prejudice in time of war,
they probably would not dispatch vessels from
Great Britain to the coast of Newfoundland to
cut off the wire there, but would cut it off at the
foot of the Tower stairs inLondon. If the British
Government do not mean that we shall have any
benefit of it, they will have possession of one end
of it any way, even if we stipulate for free use
of the western end.
Let us see where wo are ? What shall we gain
by refusing to enter into this agreement? If we
do not make it, the British Government has only
to add .£10,000 sterling more annually, and they
have the whole monopoly of this wire without
any stipulation whatever—not only in war but in
peace. If we make this contract with the com-
pany, we at least secure the benefit of it in time
of peace, and we postpone and delay the dangers
of war. If there shall ever be war, it would ab-
rogate all treaties that can be made in regard to
this subject, unless it be tr&c, as the honorable
Senator from Virginia thinks, that treaties can
be made which will be regarded as obligatory by
nations in time of war. If so, we have all the
advantages in time of peace, for the purpose of
making such treaties hereafter, without the least
reason to infer that there would be any reluctance
on the part of the British Government to enter
into that negotiation with us, if we should desire
to do so. In the mean time, the delay would
protract and endanger the completion of this en- !
terprise, and throw it back. The wire is ready, j
except that a national vessel is wanted for the !
purpose of laying it. It involves no expense—no
contribution on the part of the United States.
The British Government, if il had such a disposi-
tion as the honorable Senator supposes', would
certainly have proposed to monopolize all this
telegraphic line, instead of proposing to divide
Mr. HALE. I have an objection to consider-
ations of the character which have just been
spoken of on subjects of this kind. It seems to
me that the war spirit and the contingencies of
war are brought in a little too often upon matters
of legislation which have no necessary connec-
tion with them. If we are to be governed by
considerations of that sort, they would paralyze
all improvement; they would stop the great ap-
propriations for commerce; they would at once
neutralize that policy which sets our ocean
steamers afloat. Nobody pretends that the in-
tercourse which is kept up between Great Britain
and this country by our ocean steamers would
be continued in time of war; nor the communi-
cation with France or other nations.
If we are deterred for that reason, we shall be
pursuing a policy that will paralyze improve-
ments on those parts of the coast which lie con-
tiguous to the lakes. The city of Detroit will
have to be abandoned, beautiful and progressive
as it is, because in time of war the mansions of
her citizens there lie within the range of British
guns.
Mr. CASS. Do not be afraid about that.
Mr. HALE. I confess this consideration
struck me very forcibly when I visited that beau-
tiful city in 1848, and reflected that the candidate
of the Democratic party for the Presidency lived
directly within the range of British guns in the
city of Detroit. [Laughter.]
If we are to be governed by considerations of
this sort, all great enterprises will be paralyzed,
because the question is brought up—" What if
war takes place?" I do not care. What will
the suspension bridge at Niagara be good for in
a time of war? If the British cut off their end Sf
it, our end will not be worth much. So it will
be with all these improvements. I am not going
to vaticinate, or prophesy, or indulge in antici-
pations of the Millennium, but I do"not believo
it was the object of Providence, in creating this
world and placing us here, that we should be in
a continual state of warfare. My friend from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] thinks it is a mistake,
and that war ft- the natural state. Well, sir, we
are coming to the spiritual state. [Laughter.]
We do"not mean to live in the natural state any
longer.
Sir, we have got on for more than forty years
without a war with Great Britain. I have no
great doubt that we shall live forty years more
without a war with Great Britain. I believe that
among the things which will bind us together in
peace this telegraphic wire will be one of the most
potent. It will bind tie two countries together
literally with cords of iron that will hold us in the
bonds of peace. I am not one of those who are
to hesitate about this if it is demonstrated, and I
believe it is, that it will be useful and valuable in
peace, subservient, to the great cause of the ad-
vancement of civilization and the diffusion of
information. Irepudiate entirely the policy which
refuses to adopt it because in time of war it may
be interrupted. Such a policy as that would drive
ir: back to a state of barbarism. It. would destroy
the spirit of progress; it would retard improve-
ment; it would paralyze all the advances which
are making us a more civilized, and a more in-
formed and a better people than the one which
preceded us.
For these reasons I am in favor of the bill; and
I would be for it if I were certain that, m time of
war, we never could use the telegraph at ail. I
do not believe we can. I do not think you can
make any sort of treaty by which the British
Government will consent, if ever war should
come, that our operators may go to Newfound-
land or Nova Scotia, and send our messages
over this wire. Suppose you do make a treaty;
you must have at the other end of the wire, in
Ireland, m the empire of Great Britain, in order
to make this treaty good for anything, somebody
sworn to keep secret any communication that we
may make. We may send our communications
to England, notifying some of our agents there
of some warlike preparation that we want to
make; and the idea is entertained here that we
shall have a sworn agent m Great Britain, who
will keep our secrets, and send our messages,
and further our warlike purposes against Great
Britain. No, sir, the idea is utterly absurd in
itself. I do not mean that it is absurd as it conies
from anybody else's mouth. I desire to be
courteous; but I say that the idea, when you
come to look at it, is absurd, because it is impos-
