1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. might arise. As to any stipulation that might be
made, which should be regarded by the two Gov-
ernments in time of war, certainly none would
be of importance unless in the form of a treaty
providing for that contingency. How far it
would be effectual then, if either Government
were disposed to disregard it, I confesST am not
able to discover. I rely rather on the power of
the Government in time of war to protect its
interests, than on any treaty stipulations. There
would be the power to destroy this communica-
tion; provided they were to interrupt it with this
country, for no one can suppose that this tele-
graphic line will terminate at that point. It will
be continued into our own country by land, and
if that should be interrupted m time of war, I
would interrupt the communication from one side
of the Atlantic to the other.
I look upon it as a measure of very great im-
portance to this country—vastly more so than to
Great Britain. We are dependent upon the
foreign market, and we have an immeasurably
greater interest in the foreign market than Great
Britain or her subjects have in the markets of
the United States. This submarine telegraphic
communication would be immeasurably more
important to the people of this country than to
the people of any other country. __In time of
peace, provided it be open to us, and secure to
us, I regard it in every point of view as of the
very'Jiighest importance.
As to the constitutional power, it is only car-
rying a mail under water. It is doing what we
do now by the lines of steamships that are pass-
ing between this continent and the other. It is
only carrying out that scries of measures to make
communications from one continent to the other.
It is a legitimate object in my judgment.
Then with regard to the amendment of my
friend from Ohio, I would leave that matter to a
treaty, I would not undertake to provide for it in
this bill—a bill to winch the British Government
is not a party. I certainly would not withhold the
appropriation until the executive department had
"hegotiated a treaty with Great Britain. I would,
in time of peace, avail myself of the full benefits of
this communication, and trust to the contingen-
cies of war. I would pay this money in pursu-
ance of the bill, under the restrictions contained
in it, as long as the communication was kept
open, provided the citizens of this country were
placed on an equality wjth the subjects of Great
Britain. I hope, however, that the measure will
not be passed at this time, because I think the
bill is not so framed as to secure an important
public object in the mode in which I think it
ought to be secured before the bill is passed.
Mr. SEWARD. Alio w mc to suggest to the !
honorable Senator from Connecticut, for his con-
sideration, that this bill provides that the tariff j
of toils for the use of this telegraphic wire shall j
be established by the joint agreement of theUni- j
ted Slates and (*reat Britain. No message can j
be transported by the company unless they are !
paid for it, because it costs something. If there \
be any inequality in such a contract, this Gov- j
ernmcnt need not agree to establish any rate. I j
only throw this out for the purpose of showing \
the honorable Senator this feature of the bill, so !
that I hope he may be induced to-morrow to 1
withdraw his objection to it. !
Mr. TOUCEY. I thought that stipulation '
referred only to the messages of the two Govern-
ments.
Mr. SEWARD. No; it refers to the whole
tariff for everybody.
Mr. TOUCEY. There is nothing like that in
the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. It is in the contract.
Mr. TOUCEY. Is the contract here?
Mr. SEWARD. The contract a^ompanies
the bill, and has been read.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think the bill does not pro-
vide for this point; I have examined it critically
with that view. I would make this payment con-
tingent on carrying into execution the principle
of equality between the citizens of the two coun-
tries, so that it should be the duty of this Gov-
ernment to suspend the payment the moment j
there should be any violation of that equality. ]
Mr. SEWARD. I will show the honorable \
Senator this provision. j
"Jlnd prodded, That the tariff of pnees for the use ofsuch !
submarine communication J>y the public"—  
399
that is the whole world-—
« shall be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, and the Government of Great Britain or its
authorized agent."
Mr. TOUCEY. "The public" there means
the Governments on each side.
Mr. SEWARD. Oh, no, the contract includes
all.
Mr. TOUCEY. It is some time since I read
the contract; but the bill, according to the con-
struction I put on it, does not extend to the case
of a private citizen.
Mr. STUART. Oil, yes.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think not. If it be there,
my object is to look at it, but I think it does not
reach the point. There should be an explicit
provision in the bill, that no payment shall be
made unless equality be observed in regard to
the citizens of the two countries, as well as in
regard to the Governments of the two countries.
But, sir, I suggest that by general consent this
bill be postponed until to-morrow morning, and
made the special order for half past twelve o'clock.
I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following House bills were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 415) to make an appropriation for
the construction of a penitentiary in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska—to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
A bill (No. 212) to establish an additional land
district in the Territory of Nebraska—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 2) for the completion of military
roads in Oregon Territory—to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 422) providing for the construction
of a military road between Fort Steilacoom and
Dillingham Bay, in the Territory of Washing-
ton—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 428) making appropriations for the
bridging of streams and opening of roads in Min-
nesota Territory—to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
A bill (No. 624) for extending the land laws
east of the Cascade Mountains, in Oregon and
Washington Temtories®Uo the Committee on
Public Lands.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 301) authorizing the establish-
ment of a Navy depot on Blythe Island, at Bruns-
wick, on the coast of Georgia, and for other pur-
poses; the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Mali.out to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGGS. It was not my intention yester-
day, nor is it my intention now, to detain the
Senate longer than a few minutes in stating the
reason why I shall vote fflfr the motion of the
honorable Senator from Florida. I yesterday
stated that in my opinion the proper site for a
naval depot on the southern coast should be in-
vestigated by the Naval Committee. Notwith-
standing the report to which I yesterday alluded,
from the heads of bureaus, made in 1854, against
the propriety of establishing any now naval depot,
the inclination of my mind is adverse to their
report. I incline to the opinion that we ought
to have some naval depot between the Chesa-
peake and Pensacola, a very extensive line of
coast. It may be that we have already too many
at other points, not proper for the location of
naval depots.
My purpose merely was to call the attention
of the committee to the consideration of a point
in North Carolina to which I made allusion yes-
terday. Before I proceed with a few remarks—
and they shall be very brief, indeed —on that
point, I desire to correct an error that I made, or
the reporter made, yesterday, in regard to the
capacity of Beaufort, North "Carolina, so far as
the depth of water is concerned. I am reported
as saying:
u It equal in capacity to the other points winch have
been discussed by the Senators from Georgia and the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.1'
When the Senate adjourned yesterday, I was
about to read extracts from a report made by
Lieutenant Maffitt on this subject, showing that
the mean depth 9f water falls'*one foot below
either of those points; and I wish } correct that
at once. His report was made in 1854, and under
the most unfavorable circumstances, so far as the
depth of water on the bar was concerned, as .1
am informed by those best acquainted with the
location.
, There are other considerations connected with
this point—and the reason I vote for the commit-
ment of the bill is that they may be examined—
which do not apply at all to the other two points
which have been discussed at great length in the
benate. The depth of water is an important
consideration it is true; but it is admitted on all
hands, as I remarked yesterday, that neither
Brunswick nor Port Royal has sufficient depth of
water to admit vessels of the largest class; nor
has Beaufort, in North Carolina. There is very
little difference in the depth of water at the three
points at mean low tide. Lieutenant Maffitt says
in his report in regard to Beaufort, North Caro-
lina:
" The normal depth of water on the bar I have assumed
as sixteen feet at mean low water, which at hijrh water
will allow sloops of war and second class steamers to enter
without difficulty, while brigs and schooners and third class
steamers could come in at any stage of the tide."
But that is not the only consideration, it seems
to me, which ought to influence a determination
as to the proper point. It is in regard to some-
considerations that apply especially to Beaufort,
North Carolina, and not to other points, that I
have claimed the attention of the Senate. I al-
luded yesterday to the fact which I wish now to
press, that the bar at Beaufort is of sufficient
capacity to admit, in all probability, all vessels
which could be admitted at the other points.
Wo have the advantage of fortifications now
there, erected by the Federal Government, and
which completely command the entrance to the
harbor.
Allusion has been made to the connection be-
tween Brunswick and Pensacola. Why, sir, if
Senators will examine the map, thay will see
that so far as communication between our nava!
depots is concerned, Beaufort, in North Carolina,
has the advantage of interior water navigation
from that point to Norfolk, in Virginia. £t this
day, I believe it ij considered a matter of vast
importance that we should have a supply of what
is deemed indispensable to a naval depot—coal.
Here I may remark, that only this morning, in
conversation with the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, who purposes in the spring to send out
an expedition for the purpose of surveying a
portion of the coast not far from Beaufort, I
learned that the great difficulty he has is in re-
gard to getting the necessary coal for the purpose
of carrying on his expeditions. This point prom-
ises a supply of that indispensable article, for the
reason that we are now constructing a railroad
that will tap the coal-fields, which are inexhaust-
ible if my information is correct, in the Stale of
North Carolina, containing the very best coal.
So far as supplies of materials are concerned,
the interior navigation from Beaufort, North
Carolina, opens a wide field of the most extensive
foiests of oak, of juniper, of cypress, of live-oak,
an"d all the necessary timber used in ship-building.
So far as health is concerned, it is unsurpassed.
Now I will close what 1 have to say (my
purpose being merely to make suggestions) by
reading three or four extracts from Lieutenant
Maffitt's report in reference to the harbor of
Beaufort, North Carolina:
" The anchorage from abreast of Fort Macon wliaif to a"
point a mile ami three quarteis wMtwanj, 13 sale, and
completely protected from all winds.-'
Of the depth of water, ho says:
" From the best evidence winch could be obtained, both
positive and traditionary, I have eoncludcd thutthe normal
depth upon the bar at mean low water h sixteen feet."
Then, as to the eligibility of some site near to
the bar for a naval depot, he states that—
" The marsh land tiaversed by Fishing cieek"—
which is just south of Fort Macon—
'• bordenn!>upoii the Government propeitv, has deep water
along its margin, on winch whai vus could be built at «mail
expense. There are several good localities 'adjacent to
Shepperd^ Point for wharves, which would not mvolve
extiaoidiiiaiy outlay."
Shepperd's Point ia the site that has been de-
termined on as the terminus of the railroad. Then,
again, in regard to materials, Lieutenant Maffitt
says:
'•The facilities are £reat for inlnntt navigation with
