THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON^ D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 23, 1857.
New Series No. 26.
that that sum will be expended, for no living man
ever knew an appropriation not exceeding so
much, to be made when the Government did not
go up to the maximum. I think that may be set
flown as a fixed fact. Now, what I really want
is some security that the $200,000 shall not be
paid for just exactly as small a piece of land as
the gentlemen who own the island will think it
prudent to sell for the- price—fifteen, twenty, or
thirty acres, more or less.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator probably did
not hear my remarks yesterday on that branch
of the subject. Blythe Island is not owned by a
joint stock company. It is owned by individ-
uals, each having a separate title to a portion of
the land. There are at least fifteen.different indi-
viduals who own that island, and a considerable
portion of it belongs to orphans. It belongs to
different individuals, and not to a joint stock
company. There are from one hundred and
twenty-five to one hundred and fifty acres in
each tract. These tracts run from the face of the
island, opposite Brunswick, across to the back
part of the island, in an oblong form; so that
there are fifteen or twenty competing sellers to
the Government of the United States for a site
for this depot. The Government wants but thirty
acres. Mr. Dobbin, in his report, says thirty
acres are all that is required; so that it cannot
cost a tithe of $900,000. If the whole island
belonged to a joint stock company, or a single
individual, there would be much force in the
remarks of the Senator, and I should be for
guarding it in that respect; but there is no neces-
sity for that. There cannot be any imposition.
There must be competition between the various
owners; and the Government will get the land
for what it is intrinsically worth. I understand
it is worth about one hundred dollars an acre.
Any portion of it can be purchased for two hun-
dred dollars an acre. It is rich and valuable land
and good soil, covered with live-oak, and that
renders it valuable. The Government only wants
a depot of thirty acres, and it is not confined to
any particular spot on the island, which is four
miles long. The face of the island, where the
depot must be situated, is four miles long; and
the Government can choose wherever it pleases
in that extent, so that there is no difficulty about
that point.
I beg leave, also, to remark to the Senator from
New Hampshire, and to the Senate, that this bill
is taken almost word for word from the bill to
appropriate money to establish a naval depot at
Pensacola, and there the Government was not
imposed upon. It is in the usual form of the
language of bills authorizing the appropriation of
money for the establishment of naval depots.
The Government is not obliged to purchase any
particular land, and there will be no difficulty in
arranging the title. I said yesterday that I would
be willing to guaranty that a tract of thirty acres
on Blythe Island would not cost the Govern-
ment more than #6,000, certainly not more than
^10,000.
. Mr. HALE. I am glad to hear that statement.
The honorable Senator says the land is worth
#100 or §200 an acre, I should be willing to
compromise now, if I could be assured that we
could get the thirty acres for #2,000 an acre. I
should be perfectly satisfied with a restriction of
that sort, and it would remove all the difficulty I
have. If we could get enough land worth $100
or $200 an acre, at $2,000 an acre, I should not
say a solitary syllable. The honorable Senator
from Georgia misunderstood me. I did not sug-
gest that the island was owned by a joint stock
company. I did not wish to be so understood.
I supposed it was owned by somebody, and
somebody generally, whoever he is, and wherever
he lives, knows whom he deals with when he is
dealing with that old gentleman called "Uncle
Sam;" and he generally has to pay full price.
That was one of the suggestions I desired to
throw out for the consideration of the friends of
the bill, because I wish to vote for it.
There is.one thing that I have been a little
26
sorry to notice, and that is that most of the dis-
cussions which have taken place here have been
not as to the public necessities for this navy-yard,
but of the conflicting merits of the different places
that are competing for it.' Uncle Sam, it seems,
has had very little to say about it, or he is very
little thought of. It is conceded that when the old
gentleman is to be plucked, the only difficulty is
as to who shall have the doing of it. My own
conviction is that a depot is necessary on the
southern coast. I have no doubt of it. The
evidence, so far as it has been submitted to me,
has made an impression on my mind in favor of
Brunswick as the place where it ought to be situ-
ated. The only suggestions I have heard to the
contrary are those that fell from the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Evans] this
morning, and those facts he presented are new.
Buthaving settled that the public interest requires
it, and that Brunswick is the best place as I con-
fess is the weight of evidence on my mind, if the
bill is sufficiently guarded to protect the interests
of the Government, I shall be prepared to'vote
for it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
cannot allow the vote to be taken on this subject
without taking notice of some points which have
been thrown out by gentlemen in the course of
this debate. If I were influenced by any sense
of the injustice with which local interests have
been dealt with by this body, in connection with
works of public defense of the character now
under consideration, I should perhaps be indis-
posed to give my support to the establishment of
a naval depot on the southern coast, at either of
the sites which have been suggested. Few gen-
tlemen have risen to speak on this question who
have not thought proper to make reference to the
establishment of a naval depot at Memphis, in
the State of Tennessee, which gentlemen now say
was of no utility at all. Even my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] a gentleman who
is generally very cautious and guarded in all his
speeches here, when he is in danger of affecting
the feelings of his neighbors, has suggested that
that was an utter failure, and that Congress, per-
ceiving that no manner of public use or profit
could be made of the Memphis yard, abandoned
it by an almost unanimous vote. I do not propose
to go into any argument to show that the Mem-
phis navy-yard, upon which the Government
expended between $800,000 and $900,000, could
have been made eminently useful to the public
service, though I might succeed in doing so, as I
believe I should. Its location was such, that the
day may come when the wisdom of such an
establishment, appropriated to the purposes for
which the Navy Department seemed to think it
best calculated, will be vindicated. The day may
come when the possession of such an establish-
ment there will be of great profit and use to the
public. It had, however, but little sympathy or
support from gentlemen of any quarter of the
Union who had turned their attention to the
necessity or importance of depots of this descrip-
tion upon the Atlantic coast, or the lakes. How-
ever, I will let that pass.
I have risen simply for the purpose of ex-
plaining the vote which 1 shall give on the ques-
tion now before the Senate — the motion of the
honorable Senator from Florida to recommit
this bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
shall vote for that motion because as a member
of the Naval Committee I acquiesced in its pro-
priety. The honorable Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] in the course of his remarks, ex-
pressed his surprise at this motion, and said that
he had heard no reason upon which such a prop-
osition could be based by the committee. He
even denied that the subject was legitimately
before them. He said that the committee had
interposed gratuitously when the subject was
pending in the Senate on a bill from the House
of Representatives, and that he could not per-
ceive the purpose for which the committee inter-
fered, unless it originated in a motive hostile to
the bill now befoie the Senate. I do not know
that with the lights now before me I should have
consented originally to the recommitment, par-
ticularly if I shall obtain some explanations from
the honorable Senators from Georgia in relation
to the principles upon which we ought to proceed
in all questions of this kind.
A resolution of the Legislature of South Car-
olina has been presented to the Senate at this
session and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, conflicting directly with this bill. For
many years past I have been of opinion that
Brunswick was the most favorable site on the
South .Atlantic coast for a.naval depot, and I
have not yet abandoned that opinion. My indi-
vidual judgment under the circumstances leads
me to give the preference to that site, but 1 am
not certain that I have been controlled in the
conclusions at which I have arrived by strictly
orthodox constitutional principles.
I believe it is generally conccded that a naval
depot or navy-yard South of Norfolk and north of
the Cape of Florida would be useful, that it would
contribute to the public defenses of the country,
and make our naval establishment more perfect.
No gentleman, however, contends that it is indis-
pensable to the public defense. On the contrary,
many Senators have pointed to the fact that we
have already eight navy-yards, including two
naval depots, and gentlemen have insisted that at
least two or three of them should be abandoned.
Still no 'proposition is brought forward to deal
with them as Congress dealt with the Memphis
navy-yard. We have no report from the proper
Departmentinformingus that any such new estab-
lishment as this is essential or of any great im-
portance to the public defense at this "time, or in
view of any augmentation which is contemplated
of our naval armament.' Hence, this measure is
not proposed to be enacted because there is an
indispensable necessity for a new establishment
of this description, and it is not on that idea that
I have at any time been willing to give my sup-
port here to the establishment of a naval depot on
the Atlantic coast south of Norfolk.
I avow here to-day, as I have avowed on re-
peated occasions heretofore, thatanaval depoton
the southern Atlanticcoastat Brunswick, or Port
Royal, or whatever point we may finally select,
must be useful and must contribute to the strength
of our public defense, and must be of high im-
portance in time of war for the protection of our
commerce on the seas opposite the south Atlantic
coast and the commerce of the Gulf. I would pro-
ceed somewhat on another motive. I would dis-
tribute these establishments where they could be
made with public utility—with reference to some
equality between the different sections of the
Union. It has been a matter of great gratifica-
tion to me to see honorable Senators from the
North—governed not entirely by a desire to do
equal justice to the different sections of the Union,
but willing to take that into consideration—give
their support to a measure which will cause a
large expenditure of the public money in the
South — which will contribute to build up the
South in a military and naval point of view,
although they do not see that an additional estab-
lishment of that kind is of any great importance
to the public defense. I am willing to give my
support to such an establishment as this at one or
the other of the points which have been suggested
here, influenced in some considerable degree by
the desire of doing something like equal justice
to the different sections of the Union, even in
regard to public expenditures, though this point
may not be entitled to great weight. Every gen-
tleman must see that the passage of this bill will
lead to an expenditure of two or three millions of
dollars in the purchase of a site and the erection
of the necessary buildings and the fortifications
that will be indispensable when you commence
this naval depot. The expense does not deter
me at all.
But, sir, why did I agree, in the Committee on
Naval Affairs, that th? bill ought to be recom-
mitted to that committee ? It was suggested that
a proposition came from the Legislature of a&uth
