402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Carolina directly in conflict with this, and we
could see no prospect of settling the question
effectively by any reexamination without having
the whole subject before us, or, at least, post-
poning the bill until the committee could have
the proper examination made as to the harbor
of Port Royal, the claims of which have been
brought forward by a resolution of the South
Carolina Legislature. I appeal to both my friends
from Georgia, whether the deference—the respect
due to the sovereignty of South Carolina does
not require that at least this much attention should
be paid to the resolutions of her Legislature ? My
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] did
not direetly urge such an argument, but I know
from his antecedents, and his sentiments which
have been often proclaimed, that he would think
the sovereignty of his State was but lightly dealt
with, if we should not even take the time to con-
sider the resolution ef her Legislature in connec-
tion with this subject. It was mainly with ref-
erence to this consideration—the propriety of
showing proper respect to the Legislature of the
State of South Carolina, without going into an
examination of the merits which the two Sena-
tors from South Carolina have demonstrated
really to belong to Port Royal — and it was for
the purpose of showing that there was no fore-
gone conclusion or prejudice existing in relation
to Brunswick, that would cause us to throw aside
the South Carolina resolutions without paying
any deference or respect to them, that I was in-
duced to assent to the proposition for recommit-
tal. I am sure the Senators from Georgia will
not censure the motives upon which I acted in
acceding to that proposition, although I had a
preference for Brunswick, and I have .not yet
permanently altered my opinion on that point.
I desire the Senators from Georgia particularly
to give some explanations which will enable me
to decide properly on orthodox principles in
favor of the port of Brunswick.
It is shown that the harbor of Port Royal has
an advantage over the harbor at Brunswick of
two feet of water at mean low tide, and a still
greater advantage at high tide. That seems not
to be disputed. Then what are the other advant-
ages belonging to Brunswick? It is not strenu-
ously contended by the Senators from South
Carolina that Port Royal has equal commercial
advantages with Brunswick—I mean in reference
to the facilities of internal trade and communica-
tion with the interior. The advantages which,
it seemed to me, Brunswick had over Port Royal
or the site alluded to by the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Biggs,] or any other north of
Cape Florida, led me to prefer'Brunswick, for it
affords a more direct and a cheaper outlet by
railroad from the section of country which I
directly represent, than Port Royal, or any other
point on the Atlantic. The communication by
railroad is almost direct to Brunswick.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to make a remark
in this connection. Port Royal is only about
thirty miles from Savannah; and from Savannah
railroads go all over the Senator's country. "We
have both water communication and a railroad—
the Savannah river and the railroads going up
to Tennessee.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Sir, if Charleston
had equal water with Brunswick, my regard for
her, my sentiments inspired by the events of the
Revolution, my respect and veneration for South
Carolina celebrities, would cause me to overlook
in a great degree the advantages of a more
direct communication, and give South Carolina
the benefit of this site, ft is due to South
Carolina if she has only got the water. For
twenty years I have been giving my energies on
every occasion when I could employ them to
deepen the channel at Charleston harbor; but my
friend from South Carolina would not take the
hint. I was not in favor of Brunswick twenty
years ago. My sympathies and my feelings were '
for Charleston, and they are now. Charleston
has put forth her energies liberally and nobly. I
She has subscribed her capital to make railroad j
communications with the country which I repre- i
sent, connecting herself with the Mississippi, !
through the State of Tennessee. She has con- |
tributed more liberally than any other portion of!
tho South or Southwest. If my friend had given ]
his attention to this object during the many years |
he, lias so well and so honorably represented the '
State of South Carolina here, we could have had
that channel opened and all men would say that,
tlie harbor of Charleston was the proper site for
the construction of the southern navy-yard.
Mr. BUTLER. God has made one, and man
will have to make the other. One is a doubtful
experiment; the other is certain.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Port Royal is cer-
tain ?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I come now to
another point, and I desire my friends from
Georgia to satisfy my mind as to the scruples
that have arisen in relation to the doctrines they
hold. In my opinion, Brunswick offers the most
direct and cheapest communication with the
North and Northwest. When the road is finished
from Atlanta, which the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] told us yesterday would be com-
pleted in a short time, there will be a direct
communication from the valley of Tennessee to
Brunswick; and it will be the cheapest, because
the most direct route. We were told yesterday
of the improvements extending westward from
Brunswick tapping the trade of the cotton region
at the rivers of Alabama, and extending to Vicks-
burg, on the Mississippi. We were told, too, of
the improvements stretching across the Florida
peninsula to the Gulf of Mexico. Now, there
are two points on which I wish to be enlightened
by my friends from Georgia, so as to enable me
to give that preference to Brunswick which I am
inclined to give, on account of its greater com-
mercial importance, its more numerous and more
direct communications wiih the Northwest, with
the State which I in part represent, with Alabama,
and with Mississippi.
Ever since I have had the honor of a seat on
this floor, I have heard it argued strenuously
that the improvements which have been pro-
posed on the lakes and rivers were for commer-
cial pm-poses. Although we placed them on the
military power, and pointed out the duty of the
Government to provide for the public defense,
and contended that the facile and ready commu-
nication of munitions of war and troops to every
point of the Union was a proper subject for the
exercise of this power, yet gentlemen have re-
peatedly gone so far as to say that these im-
provements have 110 real reference to the defense
of the country, but are for commercial purposes.
Now, sir, but for the great convenience of Bruns-
wick in relation to commercial intercourse, I
should say this depot ought to be established at
Port Royal because there is the best water. I
do not know anything of the facilities of forti-
fying Port Royal harbor, whether it could be
done at a greater or less expense. But the great
merit of Brunswick is its superior commercial
advantaged. Acting on the principles of the Sen-
ators from Georgia, however, am I at liberty
to rest my vote on the ground that Brunswick
has more communications with the interior and
greater facilities for carrying off the heavy and
rich products of that region of country ? Can I
allow my judgment to be diverted from Port
Royal, which has better water, on the ground
that Brunswick has greater commercial facilities ?
Another powerful argument which I have had
to encounter ever since I have had a seat in this
body, in relation to the improvement of the rivers
and lakes, is that all the expenditures from year
to year for river and harbor improvements, were
with the object and purpose of diverting trade
from some point which had natural advantages,
and giving it to some new city—some new artifi-
cial channel of trade. It has been said that the
millions proposed to be expended on river and
harbor improvements only changed the direction
of commerce, and took away advantages which
nature had given. May not that argument be
applied in this case ?
1 am inclined to think that Brunswick will be
ultimately selected for this depot. I shall give
the preference to it, unless I shall hear stronger
arguments than have yet ban advanced against
it, on account of its more numerous connections,
and the greater facilities which it will afford for
internal trade over Port Royal. I would agree to
forego the consideration of the proposed railroad
from Atlanta that will connect Brunswick with
my own State, and I would turn to the left, and
to-day give the preference to Charleston, if she
had a depth of water sufficient for the large frig-
ates of our Navy. I would not regard the trifling
difference in freights, and the time of communi-
cation between Charleston and Brunswick, and
Tennessee; but there is Charleston harbor. We
know what it is. The channel is admitted to be
too shallow. The difference between Charleston,
Port Royal, and Brunswick, in point of health
and convenience, as to getting live-oak, pine lum-
ber, and other materials, is not so great as that it
ought to be taken into consideration in the estab-
lishment of a great naval depot upon the south
Atlantic coast.
But, sir, I rose principally for the purpose of
explaining the grpund on which I have assented
to a recommittal of the bill. It was in deference '
to wha.t I thought was due"to South Carolina, to
give a fair and impartial consideration to her res-
olutions, so that there eould be no grounds to
allege that she had not been dealt with fairly and
justly and honorably. I intend to give that vote,
because I agreed to it in committee, though I do
not know that the recommittal is likely to change
the preference which I originally expressed in
favor of Brunswick.
Mr. BUTLER. I am certainly indebted to
my friend from Tennessee for his many tributes
to South Carolina, and I believe they are made
with all regard and respect for myself. I do not
know that they will be worth more than his vote.
I should like to have both. He advertises us
that we are not going to get his vote. All we get
are these historical tributes, except in one thing,
and I think in that respect he has touched my
sensibility. If the Senate refuses to recommit
this bill to the Naval Committee, it amounts to
this: that the voice of South Carolina is not to be
heard upon the comparative merits of the two
ports; and we can never get a report upon the
merits of the harbor of Port Royal, for the very
good reason that there would be 110 necessity for
a report after you had adopted another point
beforehand and without any investigation, and
that, too, in the face of a proposition that I shall
submit to institute a commission to go to these
different ports with a vessel drawing twenty-
three feet. If that is carried, there will be but
one opinion—she can enter the one port, and
cannot enter the other.
My friend from Tennessee says he will give a
preference to the harbor with seventeen feet water,
because it regulates commerce in favor of his
country, against one which has twenty feet of
water. We want a place for ships of large bur-
den to go in for the purpose of repair and security
in time of war. I look to this measure as a war
measure. He looks to it as one of convenience
entirely, so far as it may regulate and influence
the commerce of the country in directing it to his
section.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Not entirely.
Mr. BUTLER. I want the depot established
at a place where a ship can go in, and not at
another place which has no recommendation but
that Tennessee can send corn to it and receive
potatoes in return. That is not what I am look-
ing at. I am looking for a place where a great
ship can go in, and where it can be secure in time
of war—not as a regulation of commerce between
this new town (built up by a joint-stock com-
pany) and Tennessee and Georgia. Throughout
the whole of the remarks made on this subject,
the argument invariably has been that this meas-
ure commercially will operate for Georgia, for
Alabama, for Florida, for Tennessee. Not a
word have they said about its operating in favor
of South Carolina. The left hand is to be left
out; they take the right. Not only do they put
themselves at the gates of this place, Brunswick,
but they say, "We take the right, and we have
nothing to do with the left." They desert South
Carolina and North Carolina entirely, and speak
only in reference to the great advantage of throw-
ing open the channels of commerce through a port
of about seventeen feet of water at an average low
tide, in preference to a harbor that will ccrtainly
hold a ship drawing twenty-six feet of water. A
ship drawing twenty-three or twenty-four feet
could go into Brunswick harbor, but not more. I
say seventeen feet is the lowest water, and twenty-
three the highest there. I say that twenty feet is
the lowest, and twenty-six feet tho highest depth
of water in our harbor.
Are we not to have a hearing before this com-
mittee ? I did not speak of the subject in refei-
