404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
The committee consider it unnecessary to enter into an
elaborate argument to establish the power of the House in
this case. The summons issued under the hand of the
Speaker, and was tested by the Clerk of the House, and
the contumacy of the witness is a contempt of that author-
ity. If there is doubt whether this authorizes the arrest
of the party in contempt, and his confinement until the
contempt is purged, besides the right to inflict other pun-
ishment afterwards, it seems to your committee that none
, will question the authority of the House when they recur
: to the statute-book. By an act passed May 3d, 1798, (1
! United States Statutes, 554,) authority is given to the Pres-
ident of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, a chairman of the Committee of the Whole, or
a chairman of a select committee of either House, to admin-
ister oaths to witnesses in any case-under their examination,
and willful, absolute, and false swearing before either is
declared perjury, and is punishable as such. Here is ex-
press authority to swear witnesses, and false swearing is
punishable as perjury. Is it, then, no contempt of the
authority of this House (and the committee are acting as
and for the House in this investigation) for a witness to
refuse to testify to material facts within his knowledge ?
The committee concur unanimously in the opinion that
the House is clothed with ample power to order -the party
into custody, there to remain until released by the same
authority, or upon the expiration of the present Congress.
The committee recommend the adoption of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker issue his warrant, directed
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding him (the said Ser-
?eant-at-Arms) to take into custody the body of the said
ames W. Simonton, wherever to be found, and the same
fortbwith to have before the said House, at the bar thereof,
to answer as for a contempt of the authority of tins House.
The question being on agreeing to the resolu-
tion—
Mr. ORR. I do not know, Mr. Speaker, that
it is necessary I should say anything further.
[Cries of " No !" "No!"] 1 ask, then, that the
vote may be taken; and I will immediately after-
wards submit a bill which I have been instructed
to report.
The SPEAKER. The bill had better be sub-
mitted now, as part of the report. It will be
apparent to the House, on the statement of fact
read in the report, that when the resolution is
disposed of, the report of the committee is dis-
posed of. The bill, therefore, ought to be first
read.
Mr. ORR thereupon reported, from the select
committee of investigation, a bill more effectually
to enforce the attendance of witnesses on the sum-
mons of either House of Congress, and to compel
them to discover testimony.
The bill enacts that any person who may be
summoned as a witness by the authority of either
House of Congress to give testimony, or to pro-
duce any papers upon any matter before either
House, or before any standing or select commit-
tee of either House, and who shall willfully make
default, or who, appearing, shall refuse to discover
all the facts and circumstances within his knowl-
edge when demanded, shall be, in addition to the
pains and penalties now existing, liable to indict-
ment as for a misdemeanor in any court of the
United States having jurisdiction thereof, and
shall, on conviction, be punished by fine not
exceeding one thousand dollars, and not less than
one hundred dollars, and by imprisonment in the
penitentiary for not less than one month, and not
more than twelve months.
The second section enacts that no person ex-
amined, or testifying before either House of Con-
fress,or before a committee of either House, shall
e held to answer criminally in any court of jus-
tice of the United States, or shall be subject to
any penalty or forfeiture for any fact or act touch-
ing which he shall be required to testify before
either House or committee, and as to which he
shall have testified, whether before or after the
date of this act; and that no statement made, or
paper produced, by any witness before either
House of Congress, or the committee of either
House, shall be competent testimony in any crim-
inal proceeding against such witness in any court
of justice; and that no witness shall hereafter be
allowed to refuse to testify to any fact or to pro-
duce any paper touching which lie may be exam-
ined, for the reason that his testimony, or the
production of such papers, might tend to disgrace
him or otherwise render him infamous.
Mr. MILLSGN. I observe, Mr. Speaker,
from the reading of the report of the committee,
that the witness declines answering the questions
propounded to him, on the ground that the com-
munications made to him by members of the
House were confidential, and that he regarded it
as a breach of confidence to answer the questions
propounded to him by the committee. I wish to
know of the gentleman from South Carolina
whether the investigations of the committee have
disclosed the fact that this witness was the author
of those revelations which were published in the
newspapers, reflecting on the integrity of mem-
bers of this House; and whether he has assigned
any reason to the committee for making these
general charges, and committing this general
breach of confidence in the publication of these
communications, when he seeks to protect himself
from answering questions on the ground that that
would be a violation of confidence ?
Mr. ORR. I do not think it proper, Mr.
Speaker, to disclose any more of the testimony
of the witness than I have been instructed to dis-
close in the report. The report states that the
witness who is in contempt, in the judgment of
the committee, is the correspondent of the New
York Times; and the House will remember that
this investigation had its origin in certain articles
contained in the editorial columns of that paper,
and in its correspondence.
Mr. MILLSON. Is this gentleman the corre-
spondent }
Mr. ORR. It is so stated in the report. If I
ask the previous question on the adoption of the
resslution, that will not operate on the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Not on the bill.
Mr. ORR. Then I ask the previous question
on time resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS. We are now acting, I b®^
lieve, on the report of the committee. That
report embraces that resolution as well as the bill.
The previous question will cover both. The best
way, I think, is to ask for the previous question,
and, if sustained, to ask for a division of the
question, and then vote first upon the resolution
and afterwards on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The questions are different,
and are to be disposed of in a different manner.
The bill is to be read three times, and the reso-
lution but once. The Chair thinks that if the
previous question be ordered on the resolution it
will not apply to the bill.
Mr. KENNETT. I ask whether, if the pre-
vious question be sustained, it will be in order to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
or any other committee ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from South Carolina, I will
say one word. •
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal, then, to
the gentleman from South Carolina to withdraw
the call for one moment. 1 will renew it.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say, for
one, I doubt very seriously the power of this
House, in absence of any law, to deprive any
citizen of his liberty. Therefore I cannot vote
for this resolution. But I will go cordially and
cheerfully with the committee in passing a bill
prescribing pains and penalties, stronger even
than those proposed in the bill they report, in
cases where witnesses refuse to obey summons
and give testimony. I renew the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question.
[Cries of" Question!"]
Mr. ORR. I think we had better have the ques-
tion on the resolution without further debate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PURYEAR demanded the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeag lG4,nays 16;as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Alien, Allison,
Bali, Barbour. Bark-.dale, Bell, Benson, ttil'lmsrhurst, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Fil:;- '. Bowie, Iiradshaw, Branch, IJrenton,
Broom. Buliinton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell. John
P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle. Caruthers, Chat-
fee, C^ia Clark, dawson, Cimgman, Williamson II. W.
Cobb, Cnliai, Cmnms, Covode, Cox, Cra<rin, Craigo, Cul
lcn, Cumiiar-k, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Jaeoh
Davis, Lhy, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Doriil. DowdeH,
Dunn, Edward-., English, Elheridge, Evans, Fjulknet,
Flagler, Henry M Fuller, Thomas J. D Fuller. Garnett,
Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Gmtv, Augustus Hall, Rob-
ert II. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson \Y.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, llol-
loway, Thomas R, Horton, Valentine il. Horton, Houston,
Howard, Hughston, J, Glancy Jones. Kelney, Kennett,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Loiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin3 Humphrey Marshall, Matter-on, Max-
well, MeCarty, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Millson, Mil*,
ward, Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Par-
ker, Peck, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Powell, Prmgle,
Purviance, Puryear, Ricaud, Ritchie, ltivers, Robbms, Rob-
erts, RufBn, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Seward,
Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Thorington,
Traitou, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Wade, Wakeman,Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Wamer, Oadwalader C. Washburne, El-
lihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, and Zollicoifer—164.
NAYS—Messrs. Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bocoek, Boyce, Burnett, Davidson, Edmundson, Elliott,
Herbert, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Q,uitman,
Walker, and Daniel B. Wright—16.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BOYCE said that he voted in the negative
because of want of jurisdiction on the part of the
House.
Mr. BURNETT, when his name was called,
said: Mr. Speaker, I would like, with the per-
mission of the House, to give the reasons for
voting against the pending resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. RIVERS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ready, was confined to his room by illness yes-
terday and to-day, and unable to attend the sit-
tings of the House.
Mr. RICAUD stated that Mr. Valk wa3
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. WALKER. Believing that, in the ab-
sence of any law, the House has no power under
the Constitution to pass such a resolution, I vote
"no." When the bill reported by the select com-
mittee comes up, I shall vote for it.
Mr. WHITNEY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bayard Clarke, was detained from the House
by sickness in his family.
Mr. WATKINS said that, if he had been
present when his name was called, he would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. KEITT questioned the authority of the
House to pass the resolution, and therefore voted
in the negative.
Mr. CUMBACIC stated that Mr. Galloway
was absent from the House because of sickness
in his family
Mr. McMULLIN declined to vote, doubting
the authority of the House to pass this resolu-
tion.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I cannot,
with my convictions of the legal questions of the
power of the House under the acts of Congress,
and the Constitution of the United States, vote
for the resolution. I vote " no."
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adapted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on the bill reported by the select commit-
tee more effectually to enforce the attendance of
witnesses on the summons of either House of
Congress, and to compel them to discover testi-
mony.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move the following amend-
ment as a proviso to the second section:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall exempt
a witness from prosecution and punishment for perjury
committed by linn m giving his testimony when required
as aforesaid, or for forgery committed by him of any matter
he may produce.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman's amendmentmay
be necessary. I did not suppose it was. I do
not think the bill, as it is now, would exonerate
from prosecution any party committing perjury
before any committee of this House; but m order
to put the matter beyond doubt, I hope the amend-
; ment will be adopted.
| Mr. RITCHIE. I coneur in the opinion of
| the gentleman from South Carolina; but I pro-
: pose the amendment in deference to expressions
of doubt on the part of members on this side of
' the House. . ,
Mr. ORR. I offer the amendment indicated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I desire
to make a few remarks explanatory of the bill:
and when I shall have done so, if there be any
i point upon which gentlemen desire to ask for in-
! formation, if I have it in my power, I will furnish
it. It is not my purpose to demand the previous
question. I intend to discharge my duty as a
