*857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
member of the select committee, and the House
will be left, in its good judgment and conscience,
to discharge its duty.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Before the gentleman
from South Carolina proceeds, I desire to give
notice of an amendment which I shall offer to this
bill; and I do it now, in order that he may have
it before his mind while he is addressing the
House. The object of the amendment is to put
beyond doubt the power, upon which gentlemen
now differ in the House, in reference to our right
to imprison witnesses refusing to testify or pro-
duce papers before one of our committees. A
minority of this House do not believe that power
exists without the passage of a law, or the
adoption of a rule upon the subject. I think that
while the majority hold a different opinion, they
ought, in deference to the views of the minority,
to place this matterbeyond doubt. Putituponthe
statute-book, and then, I apprehend that, should
cases hereafter arise, there would be no difficulty
in obtaining a unanimous voice in this House
/lor the exercise of a power, which I believe Con-
j gross possesses, but which it cannot exercise
j without the passage of a law, or the adoption of
a rule. I shall introduce this amendment as an
additional section, if an opportunity be afforded
me before the bill is finally acted upon:
And be it further enacted, That m case any witness shall
refuse to testily or produce papers, when summoned a*
herembeioie provided, before the Senate or House, or any
committee of either House, such person so offending may,
by 01 dor of the House whose authority he resists, be impris-
oned m the jail of this District for any time not exceeding
six months."
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to present
to the House a question in reference to this bill;
and with the consent of the gentleman from South
Carolina it will be stated. The bill is submitted
to the House as a subject of privilege, and the
Chair thinks it is so. But this question is pre-
sented: the bill is in terms an act of general
legislation; it is based upon facts which exhibit
the difficulties encountered by the committee in
obtaining information in a specified case referred
to that committee. The report is intermediate
and not final, and the Chair suggests a doubt
whether a bill presented as an intermediate meas-
sure ought not to be confined to the specific case
before the House. The doubt of the Chair is
suggested upon the phraseology of the concluding
clause of the resolution, which is in these words:
* " And that said committee report the evidence
taken, and what action, in their judgment, is
'necessary upon the part of the House." Such
construction may be given to this clause as to
afford the committee power to report a general
bill, but such report should be at the conclusion
of the investigation. A bill reported upon a state-
ment of facts whicl* show that such action is
necessary to obtain information in this case as an
intermediate proceeding, ought, perhaps, to be
confined to the case immediately before the House.
An additional suggestion may be made. If ad-
mitted as an act of general legislation, it may
compel members to vote against a proposition to
obtain necessary information in a specific case,
or to accept an act as a general law.
Mr. ORR. In reply to the suggestion of the
Chair, 1 have to say that the committee may not
be able to procced in their investigation so as to
repoit the facts to the House, unless such a bill
is passed to give us authority to bring witnesses
before us, and to inflict a greater punishment than
the committor believe the House possesses the
power to inflict.
, Some gentlemen say that the very fact of pre-
• seating this bill is an admission that the House
. has no power upon this subject, and that it
negatives the resolution which we have already
adopted. Nu such thing. The power of the
House, I believe it is conceded by all, in refer-
; once to the punishment which it can impose for
i a breach of its piivilego or for contempt, term-
inates with the adjournment of Congress. It
terminates upon the fourth of March; and the
committee are satisfied thatif the House exercise
all the power which the majority on this floor
J claim that it can exercise, that will be insufficient
! to extort testimony from unwilling witnesses.
/ That is the position in which we are placed, and
that is the reason for the necessity of this special
report from the select committee.
The SPEAKER. The question made by the
Chair has no reference to the merits of the bill,
or its necessity , but only as to its limitation to i
this particular investigation, rather than making
it a bill of a general character.
Mr. GtUITMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I believe that the Speaker has truly
decided that this is a general bill, and intended to
act prospectively, and therefore I am opposed to
all this rapid legislation to cover a particular case,
and especially to the rapid passage of a bill of
such immense importance to the privileges of the
people of this country, as well as to the privileges
of tliis House. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. KENNETT. I rise to a question of
order. If I understand the decision of the Chair,
it is not in order to consider this bill at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not decide
.that point. The Chair has made a suggestion
simply whether the bill ought not to be confined
to the subject under investigation, it being an in-
termediate proceeding, and not a final report. If
the question be raised, the Chair will submit the
question to the House, whether a bill of general
legislation, at an intermediate stage, be in order
as a matter of privilege.
Mr. KENNETT. If I am recognized by the
Chair, I would make a suggestion to the gentle-
man from South Carolina m regard to this matter.
I shall be compelled to object, and insist upon
the point of order, that the bill is not properly
under consideration, if he presses it now; and I
suggest that lie permit it to go to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with instructions to report forth-
with. They can perfect the bill and return it.
Mr. ORR. Dors not the gentleman from Mis-
souri perceive, that if the select committee^found
it necessary in order to carry out the investiga-
tion with which they are charged by the House,
to submit this bill, if it fail, the investigation to
that extent must fail? Docs not the gentleman
perceive, that whenever this bill is referred to a
ceromittec, and when that committee has to await
thetregular time for it to report, the bill cannot
get back before the House and Senate in time to
onablc the committee to avail itself of the benefits
of the provisions of this bill ? I said to the gen-
tleman that I did not propose to move the pre-
vious question. I will not. I propose to leave
that to the discretion of the House. If the gen-
tleman desires to make a motion to refer the bill
he can do so; and if there be a majority of the
House thinking that the bill should be referred,
they may so vote and so order.
Mr. KENNETT. If thegcntlcman permits me,
I will say one word. This day, with yesterday
and to-morrow, has been specially set aside for
territorial business. I believe that we may take
up the week in discussing and in attempting to
perfect this bill here in the House. I therefore
j ask that, to save time, it may be referred to the
' Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to
perfect it, and report it forthwith. I have already
made a motion to that effect.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri had not the floor to make the motion.
Mr. ORR. Do I understand that the question
of order is made?
The SPEAKER. The question of order is not
yet made.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Allow me to ask the
gentleman from South Carolina a question. Can
the committee not bring forward a bill applicable
to the present case, and then offer a general bill?
Mr. ORR. That will not answer the purpose
of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from South Carolina allow me to make a
suggestion to him ?
Mr. ORR. 1 cannot yield the floor again until
I shall have finished my statement, unless I
have to do so on a question of order. The object
of the bill reported by the committee is to give
additional authority, and to impose additional
penalties on a witness who fails to appear before
an investigating committee of either House of
Congress, or who, appearing, fails to answer any
question. Now, sir, I do not propose to state
what has transpired m committee; but 1 can sup-
pose a case, and that is this: that when a witness
is brought to a particular point—to material facts
within his knowledge, with reference to the com-
binations which we are charged to examine into,
he folds his arms, and sayfi to the committee: " I
decline to answer that question, because it will
criminate myself." Weil, sir, that would, in the
opinion of the committee, be a sufficient reason
why the witness should not be called upon to
answer the question. Now, sir, I submit that it
would be the result of the merest accident in
the world if we should ever find a single witness
who could testify to a single fact of an improper
influence brought to bear on members of Con-
gress without, in that testimony, implicating
himself.
I call the attention of the members of the House
to an act which was passed in 1852—an act the
title of which is " to prevent frauds on the Treas-
ury of the United States." It is declared by the
sixth section of that act, that if "any person or
persons shall, directly or indirectly, promise,
offer, give, or cause or procure to ba promised,
offered, or given, any money, goods, right in
action, bribe, present, or reward, or any promise,
contract, undertaking, obligation, or security for
the payment or delivery of any money, goods,
right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or any
other valuable thing whatever to any member of
the Senate or House of Representatives of the
United States after his election as such member,
and either before or after he shall have qualified
or taken his seat, or to any officer of the United
States, or person holding any place, &c., he shall
be liable to indictment as for a high crime and
misdemeanor in any court of the United States
having jurisdiction for the trial of crimes and mis-
demeanors, and shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined, not exceeding three times the amount so
offered, promised, or given, and shall be im-
prisoned in a penitentiary not exceeding three
years. And the person convicted of so accept-
ing or receiving the same or any part thereof,
shall forfeit his office or place, and shall be fur-
ther disqualified from holding any office of honor,
trust, or profit, under the United States."
Mr. Speaker, who make these combinations?
Are they made in market overt? Are they made
in the presence of witnesses? Are they made in
the open face of day? Arc they not usually
made secretly and clandestinely, with a view of
preventing exposure? And who knows of these
arrangements? Who knows of these bribes and
rewards that may be tendered to members of
Congress ? The parties making them themselves.
And how is the House and the country ever to
put a stop to anything of the sort if a witness,
when he is called by an investigating committee
to testify his knowledge as to these facts, shall
fold his arms and say, " I decline to answer that
question, because it would criminate me?" The
bill which I have reported requires the party to
answerjbutasamatter conforming to the general
features and principles of the laws of this coun-
try in most of the States and of the United States,
the second section of the bill provides that the
person thus testifying in that particular case shall
not be liable to the pains and penalties of this act
in consequence of his having given that testi-
mony. That is a provision of the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how else can you get the
testimony? You may say that, if you get the
testimony of a party implicated, it is suspicious
of itself—that the testimony should be received
with allowance. I have no doubt that any com-
mittee which this House or any other House
may raise, or that the members of the House
themselves, would attach whatever weight was
due to the testimony of such parties; but you
cannot get the proof in any other way than that
indicated by this bill requiring them to testify.
As to the necessity of the first section of the
bill. Suppose a witness fails to attend: what is
the remedy? We pass a resolution such as we
passed this morning, or such as we passed the
other day. Some gentlemen do not believe that
either House of Congress has any authority at
all to proceed against a defaulting witness. But
suppose you exercise that authority — as the
House has done in one instance of a witness
making default, and in another instance of a wit-
ness refusing to answer material questions-—and
bring a contumacious witness to the bar of the
House. He makes his statement, if you choose.
The House considers that the excuse which he
tenders for his contumacy is insufficient, and the
House orders him into the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. Until whtii? Your power to
