408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
South Carolina referred to the statute prescribing
punishment for perjury; yet the law referred to
does not authorize the exercise of the power
claimed by the gentleman in this case. I admit
the power of the House to call witnesses before
its committees; but there is no tribunal in the
country which can deprive a citizen of his liberty
and inflict punishment on him without provision
of express law. For this offense there is no
express provision of law. The committee, by
their report, admit it; and, in order to supply this
omission, have introduced, with their report and
resolution, a bill. Sir, I have no sympathies for
the accused. He richly merits punishment. His
conduct before the committee has been insulting
to them and the House; and if it were a question
of doubtful exercise of power with me, 1 might
have voted with the majority; but with my con-
victions of the powers of this House,- if I had so
voted I should have violated my convictions of
constitutional duty.
The courts in the different States all exercise
the power to punish contempts. Is it done with-
out authority of law ? Is it a power incident to
their organization? Or is it only exercised in
accordanco with law ? If gentlemen will look to
the different States they will find that this power
is exercised either by express statute, or in ac-
cordance with the common law, and never other-
wise. The Legislatures of the several States may
exercise this power, unless expressly deprived
of the right by the organic law of the States; for
they can exercise all the powers of government
not forbidden. But, sir, how is it with us? We
can only exercise such powers as are expressly
granted, or incident to those expressly granted.
When we examine the question of the privileges
of this House, wc must first look to the Consti-
tution; and we there find that the express grants
of privileges are very few. What are they?
Exemption from personal arrest—exemption from
question elsewhere for what is said in the House
—and power oyer our members and proceedings.
For the exercise of these powers no statute is
necessary, the Constitution being the law. But,
sir, there is another power conferred; and if it had'
been exercised, we would have had no difficulty
m this case. We have the power to make all
laws necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the powers vested in us by the Constitu-
tion. This power, with the express grants enu-
merated, confers upon Congress full power to
pass a law punishing a witness for contempt.
Congress has failed to exercise this power, and
■we are now called upon to deprive a citizen of
his liberty in the absence of any express law
warranting it.
I would now call the attention of the House to
the views of Mr. Jefferson upon this very ques-
tion, and I refer them to his Manual, pases 55
and 56.
all their powers^except such as their constitutions have
expressly denied them 5 that the courts of the several States
have the same powers by the laws of their States, and those
of the Federal Government by the same State laws adopted
m each State, by a law of Congress; that none of these
bodies, therefore, derive those powers from natural or ne-
cessary right, but from express law; that Congress have no
such natural or necessary power, nor any powers but such
as are given them by the Constitution; that that has given
them, directly, exemption from personal arrest, exemption
from question elsewhere for what is said in their House,
and power over their own members and proceedings; for
these no further law is neccssnry, the Constitution being
the law; that, moreover, by that article of the Constitution
which authorizes them £ to make all laws neccssary and
proper for carrying into execution the powers vested by the
Constitution in them,> they may provide by law for an un-
disturbed exercise of their functions, e. g. for the punish-
ment of contempts, of affrays or tumults in their presence,
&.c. j but, till the law be made, it does not exist; and does
not exist, from their own neglect; that in the mean time,
however, that they are not unprotected, the ordinary mag-
istrates and courts of law being open and competent to
punish all unjustifiable disturbances or defamations, and
even their own Sergeant, who may appoint deputies ad
libitum, to aid hira, (3 Grey, 59, 147, 255,) is equal to small
disturbances; that in requiring a previous law, the Consti-
tution had regard to the inviolability of the citizen, as well
as of the member; as, should one House, in the regular
form of a bill, aim at too broad privileges, it may be checked
by the other, and both by the President; and also as, the
law being promulgated, the citizen will know how to avoid
oflcnsc. But if one branch may assume its own privileges
without control, if it may do it on the spur of the occasion,
conceal the law in its own breast, and after the fact com-
mitted, make its sentence both the law and the judgment
on that fact; if tho offense is to be kept undefined, and to
be declared only ex re nata, and according to the passions
of the moment, and there be no limitation either in the
manner or measure of the punishment, the condition of
the citizen will be perilous indeed.5>
So far there will probably be no difference of opinion
fu PrivlleSes the two Houses of Congress : but in
the following cases u is otherwise. In December, 1795,
the Houfce of Representatives committed two persons of the
^ and Whitney, for attempting to corrupt
the integrity of certain members, which they considered as
a contempt and breach of the privileges of the House: and
the facte being proved, Whitney was detained in confine-
ment a tortmght, and Randall three weeks, and was repri-
manded by the Speaker. Jn March, 1796, the House of
Representatives voted a challenge given to a member of
tftur House to be a breach of the privileges of the House:
but satisfactory apologies and acknowledgments beiii"
made, no further proceeding was had. The editor of the
Auroi a having, in ins paper of February 19, 1800, inserted
some paragraphs defamatory of the Senate, and failed m
h^m^P,han!twert 7,af .orde^d t0 be committed. In tie-
o?ii y 5ll8.order>il was msi&ted« in support
of it, that every man, by the law of nature, and every body
of men, possesses the right of self-defense; that all public
functionaries are essentially invested with the powers of
&eli piefccivauon ; that they have an inherent right to do all
?h!f«SffhSS a,yJ0 keeP theinseJves 111 a condition to dis-
charge the trusts confided to them 5 that whenever author-
ities are given, the means of carrying them into execution
arc gjven by necessary implication ; that thus we see the
Biitish Parliament exercise the right of punishin® con-
tempts; all the State Legislatures exercise the same power
and every court does the same; that, if we have it not we'
bit at the mercy of every intruder who may enter our doors
or gallery, and, by noise and tumult, render proceeding m
business impracticable; that if our tranquillity is to be per-
petuany disturbed by newspaper defamation, it will not be
possible to exercise our functions with the requisite cool-
ness and deliberation; and that we must therefore have a
power to pumsJi thesis disturbers of oar peace and proceed-
!!lgS'. ? 'hls " was answered that the Parliament and
courts of England have cognizance of contempts by the
express provisions of their Jaw; that the State Legislatures
nave equal authority, because their powers are plenary;
tnev represent their constituents completely, and possess
These were my reasons for voting against the
resolution adopted this morning.
The committee also report a bill to the House,
and ask immediate action on it. Without time
or opportunity for examination, we are required
to exercise powers of the highest and most deli-
cate character. I am willing to go as far as the
fuithest man on this floor, to pass laws requir-
ing witnesses to give testimony, or, in the event
of their refusal, to punish them. I will vote for
such a jaw. But I am not prepared to pass into
law a bill suddenly sprung upon us, and without
opportunity for investigation, which has for its
object to punish a party for a contempt he has
already been guilty of. He is here, and he can
only purge himself before this House; and <*en-
tlemen are mistaken, if they imagine he can pSrge
himself by sending him before the special com-
mittee. He cannot do it. He has already been
guilty of the contempt.
_ I have not given this case the thorough exam-
ination which it deserves. I have only desired
that my constituents might know the reason
which influenced me in voting against the reso-
lution reported from the special committee by
the gentleman from South Carolina, to arrest this
party and bring him to the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question immediately
before the House is tho motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, that the person under arrest be
heard.
Mr. DAVIS. of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man letmeofiera substitute for his proposition.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire that there shall be
a thorough investigation; and inasmuch as a ma-
jority of the House have decided (hat we have
the power to bring this party here and to punish
him for contempt, I do not desire to interfere with
the action of the House, and shall therefore with-
draw my motion that the person under arrest be
heard. My object in making it was to have an
opportunity of giving the reasons which influ-
enced^ my vote on the resolution reported this
morning.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. We must dispose
of the prisoner in some way. He is before this
House in a position analogous to a person before
a court by process of attachment when it is alleged
the witness has been guilty of contempt. The next
step, when tho witness has been broughtin.is that
he be called on to show cause why he shall not be
committed for the contempt which is alleged. I
therefore propose the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Speaker do call on the person in eus-
tody to show cause why he should not be committed for his
reiusal to answpr the questions propounded by the select
committee m the report of the said committee; and that he
 -morrow mormiifr to make sai* answer; and
  nt Ja mcan time remam in the custody of the Ser-
gcdni-at-Arms.
1 aSree wit'1 the gentleman
from Maryland in one thing; and that is, that the
January £l,
witness having stated that there were members
of this House who had approached him with
propositions for the sale of their votes, should
have answered the questions propounded to him
by the select committee. But he is an American
citizen. He stands here at your bar, and has the
right, before he is confined for even an hour, to
be heard, either by himself or counsel. And I
move to amend the resolution by striking out all
after the word "Resolved," and inserting:
lhat he shall have the privilege of being heard
at the bar of this House, in person or by coun-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
understand that the resolution prevents the party
from being heard at this time. It only gives him
the privilege, if he desires it, to have until to-
morrow morning to prepare himself.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It is of importance
that this House shall proceed with some degree
of correctness in the important case before it.
The resolution offered by the distinguished mem-
herfrom Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] is not proper,
111 my opinion, for our adoption at this stage
of the cause. It is not sustained by analogy
to the practice of courts of justice in cases of
attachment for contempt of the authority of the
court, after the party has been brought into the
presence of the court upon the* attachment. The
resolution of my friend is like a rule nisi; but it
is now too late for that. The writ of the Speaker
might have been framed like a rule nisi; or to
show cause why he should not be attached. The
House preferred another course, and made the
attachment peremptory. The witness was not
allowed to give bail for his appearance here; but
the Sergeant-at-Arms was ordered to take him into
custody wherever to be found, and to keep him so
as to produce his body here at the bar of the
House, to answer for a contempt of the authority
of this House, by refusing to testify before the
select committee, or rather to respond to a ques-
tion propounded by the committee. The Speaker's
writ has performed its office. Mr. Simonton is
here in custody of the officer, and has been
yielded by that officer to the House. He stands
here accused—already attached—for a specific of-
fense, and he has a constitutional right to be
heard in his defense, and, should he prefer it, to
be heard noxp. To resolve now that he shall
snow cause, if any he can, why he should not be
attached, is evidently not the next or the proper
step. He is attached, and he is here, under the
attachment, a prisoner at the bar of the House.
It only remains for the House to pass upon the
attachment it has ordered. It is within the com-
petency of this House, if he purposes now to tes-
tify as required, to send him before the commit-
tee to give that testimony; and then, after he has
given i t, you are to adjudge the terms upon which
you will let him off. If he does not propose to
testify, there remains no question here except
, for the House to adjust the damages, that is, to
j determine what penalty you will impose upon
J him for his recusancy. It will be a continuing
■ penalty. We may demand of him every morn-
ing whether he is ready yet to answer. For one,
I am ready to imprison him until he does an-
swer.
When I cast my vote for issuing the writ upon
which the prisoner was arrested, I did so because
I considered that, if the House had authority to
subpena the witness ex necessitate, it had the right
to compel obedience to the subpena, and there-
fore the right to punish for a contempt of its au-
thority when lawfully exerted. The House has
the right, from necessity, to protectitself then 
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask my colleague
a question. He says that ex necessitate this House
has the power. Now, sir, I want him to tell me
from what power conferred upon Congress he
ij derives the necessity for the exercise of the power
Ij to commit ? Where is the original power ?
If Mr. ORR. I would call the attention of the
gentleman from Kentucky to an act passed in
1798, and previous acts authorizing the summon-
ing of witnesses. That act authorized the chair-
1 men of the respective committees, the Speaker
1 of the House, and the President of the Senate, to
1 administer oaths; and in a subsequent session it
makes false swearing perjury. Now, if the
House does not constitute this tribunal a court
for this purpose, I do not understand it, and I do
not suppose that the proposition would be denied
