1967.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
that any court has power to punish for contempt
from necessity, usage, or precedent.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. In reply to my col-
league, independent of the statute referred to by
ilui^ontlcman from South Carolina, I say that the
power of the House to issue the Speaker's writ
was decided in Anderson's case; and that, if the
House, through the Speaker, may issue the sub-
pena, the rest of the exercise of the power pro-
posed flows as a necessary incident to the power
to require the production of the testimony. It is
inherent in every body legally constituted, and
necessary for its own self-protection. The point
made by my colleague would have been more
apposite when the House proposed to raise the
select committee. A charge of bribery and cor-
rupt combination to effect legislation is made.
Has the House the power to inquire into it? If
it has not, then it is indeed defenseless even to
protect its own members or Us own dignity, or
the honest purposes for which a House assem-
bles under the Constitution. If it has the power
to inquire, and may command the appearance of
a witness, it has, from necessity—from the im-
plication {lowing from the power to subpena,the
right to compel the witness to testify. I think
that this view is sustained by the precedents, and
every analogy drawn from the practice of courts
of justice, as we41 as from parliamentary history.
But I arose, Mr. Speaker, only to say, that the
resolution of the member from Maryland ought
not to be the step taken by the House, because
in this proceeding it would be returning upon
our steps, and questioning the power we have
exerted. Let us have no rules nisi. The recu-
sant witness is at the bar of the House, and he
has a constitutional right to be heard. He may
testify under the order of the House, and now
purge the contempt, so far as he now can-, or, in
my opinion, it only remains for the House to
proceed to the pronunciation of its judgment in
his ease, and so to the vindication of Us own
authority m this matter.
Mr. MILLSON. It seems to me that the rules
of proceedings which we ought to adopt are very
plain and simple. I do not think that we ought
now to go into the inquiry,'what power we have
to punish this man for this alleged contempt;
That is a question to be determined when the
case comes up for consideration; and I suggestto
gentlemen, with all due respect, that they are
adopting the rule of Rhadamanthus, when they
propose to condemn first and hear afterwards.
This is not the time to go into the inquiry, what
power we have to punish for contempt of the
rlouse. The accused was brought into court—
brought before this court of Congress for the very
purpose of answering to the complaint made
against him, and that suggests the natural order
of proceeding. He is arrested by the Sergeant-
at-Arms; he is brought here; it is presumed he
knows not for what. The very moment he is
brought before this body to answer the accusa-
tion, it seems to me to be the province of the
Chair to make known to him that accusation, by
reading to him the report of the committee and
the resolution of the House—the indie.tmcnt, so
to speak, which has been prefcred against him—
and then, when he is made acquainted, without
any delay, with the reasons for which he is
brought here, inquiries should be addressed to
him if he is now ready to answer the charge? If
he is now ready to answer, then another question
presents itself to the House, and that is, whether
the House is now ready to proceed to the con-
sideration of the charge?
Now, sir, it does not follow as a matter of
course, that because the person taken into cus-
tody is ready to reply to the accusation, there-
fore the House is bound upon the instant to pro-
ceed with the accusation. It is analogous to
every other case of prosecution, civil or criminal.
The readiness of one party does not, perforce,
compel the other party to be ready. I then sug-
gest that we ought not now to go into the inquiry,
whether we have the right to punish this individ-
ual for contempt of the House. The House
made no such determination as that suggested
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Mar-
shall ] The House came to no such resolution.
In voting for that resolution, I did not mean to
affirm that it was in the power of the House to
inflict punishment. I left myself entirely un-
committed upon that subject. I will state, how-
ever, that unless I shall be convinced in the prog-
ress of this case, that we have no such right, I
shall be, for one, disposed to exercise it. But
we have not yet committed ourselves to any such
doctrine.
We have simply determined that, after having
summoned this man to appear before the com-
mittee for the purpose of testifying, the House
owes it to its own dignity to inquire why he did
not testify, and as to its own power of punish-
ment. That is the question to be determined
now, and it ought not to be prejudged, before the
accused is heard in his own defense, by the an-
nouncement of confident opinions as to the extent
of the authority of this House. I then think,
Mr. Speaker, that the person in custody, who is
presumed to be ignorant of the reasons for which
he is brought here, should be informed what, it is
that he is called upon to answer—why it is that
he has been taken into custody; and whether he
is to be allowed to be heard in his own defense
or not atthis time will depend upon the judgment
of the House. If the House be ready now to
proceed to investigate, it will determine to do so.
We should not refer him to the committee. Tht-y
have no further control over him. They have
made their report to this House; and if he be sent
to the committee to testify and refuse, it will re-
quire a new report from that committee, and a
new proceeding before this House, before he can
be again arrested for, perhaps, a second refusal
to testify before them.
Mr. TRIPPE. I understand, Mr. Speaker,
that the proposition now before the House is the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] with an amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,]
to postpone the further regulating of this question
until some designated hour to-morrow, with the
privilege to the party arrested of being heard,
either by himself or counsel. I should like to
have the resolution read.
The resolution and proposed amendment were
again read.
Mr. TRIPPE. It is now in order, I presume,
to offer an amendment to the amendment; and 1
offer the following in the nature of a substitute:
Whereas, James W. Sirnonton has been arrested by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, under an order of this House, for an
alleged contempt of it's authority in reining to answer
questions proposed to him by a select committee of thn
House • Ft is
Ordered, That the said James W. Simonton be and ap-
pear at the bat of this Uou>e at one. o'clock to motiow,
toanswei said charge of contempt, by himself or counsel,
or both ; and that m the mean tune he bo held in the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Arms. and that a copy of this oider
be furnished by the Clerk and seived by the Sergeant at-
Arms on said Sunonton.
Without knowing anything about this matter,
or about the party in custody, but with an eye
to the course of justice in this matter, I think it
due to him, or to any other person m his posi-
tion, to give at least the time proposed by the
resolution of the gentleman from Maryland, if he
desire it. I do not know whether he desires it
or not. If he docs not, I suppose the House is
ready to act upon the case.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. With the permission
of my colleague, I would suggest to him and to
the gentleman from Maryland who introduced
the proposition, to amend the resolution so that
it should read in this manner: " That imme-
diately the Speaker shall proceed to read to
the accused the action of the House on the sub-
ject, and that then he be permitted to respond at
once, or that time be given till twelve o'clock
to-morrow to make response." That brings the
question directly before the House, informs the
party, gives him time if he wants it, and disposes
of him at once if he wants no time.
Mr. ORll. I have prepared a resolution which
embodies substantially the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia last up. It is in these
words:
Resolved, That the Speaker do forthwith inform J. W.
Simonton of the charge on which he has been arretted,
and propound to hnn the question, " Are you ready to
show cause for the said alleged contempt, and do you de-
sire to he heard m person, or by counsel, now or at what
time ?"
Mr. TRIPPE. Will it be in order to with-
draw my amendment to the amendment, if I offer
to accept that?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. TRIPPE. Then I wuhdutw if, and offer
this.
Mr. COLFAX also withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suggest that it should
be made to read: 4* show cause why he should
not be committed."
The modification was accepted.
Mr. CARL1LE. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WARNER. Will the gentleman with-
draw his call for the previous question for a
moment?
Mr. CARL1LE. As I understand that the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Waiter] is a
member of the select committee, I withdraw the
call for the previous question, if he will promise
to renew it. I think, however, that the House
has already consumed more time than is neces-
sary in this case.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. Speaker, I have a few-
words to say in relation to this report. As is
well known to you, sir, and to this House, a
committee of investigation was appointed, charged
with a specific duty. That committee have en-
deavored to discharge that duty to the best of
their ability. They have made a special report
to this House, and stated the grounds on which
it is predicated. The first question is, was it
based on sound principle? Was this witness in
contempt of the authority of this House in re-
fusing to answer the question which was pro-
pounded to him' That is the question. The
committee thought that he was. He stated that
he knew certain facts implicating members of
this House, which came within the legitimate
inquiry of the committee, but lelused to give the
naim s of the parties, because it would violate con-
fidence reposed in him. Now, if this House had
the power to originate and order this committee,
then it, follows, as a necessary legal consequence,,
having done so, that that committee had power
to make the proper and legal investigation which
was devolved on them by the House. This much
in regard to the power of the House.
Gentlemen say that they were in favor of this
investigation, and voted for it. They thought it
was proper that it should be made. It has been
ordered. When the committee undertake to exe-
cute the order of the House, and to elicit the fact
they are charged to investigate, obstacles are
thrown in the way by a witness summoned before
them refusing to testify. We ask for such meas-
ures to be taken as are known in every court before
which proceedings are had. We are told that
the committees of this House have no power to
enforce a witness to give testimony which the
House ordered should be taken. What is the
character of this investigation' It is one which
involves the honor, the dignity, and the character
of this House. When 1 use these terms, I use
them with a full sense of their meaning and
import. I repeat, sir, without pretending to say
more at present, that it involves the honor, the
dignity, and character of this House. When we
sought to avail ourselves of the legal and proper
means to cxecutc the order of this House by
compelling a witness to come before the commit-
tee, and to disclose the very fact we were directed
to inquire into, and he ha* refused to do so, we
say that he is in contempt of the authority of this
House. So we have reported upon the state of
facts presented to the House. Now, was it a
contempt of that authority \yhcn ho refused to
answer the questions propounded to him by the
special committee? Can he be justified in law or
morals for refusing to answer them? Was it_a
privilege of his to refuse to answer them, in
which he was protected by the law? If it was,
then he was not bound to answer, and he was
not in contempt of your authority. If they wore
legal and proper questions, then, by refusal to
answer, he is m contempt of the authority of this
House, which ordered the investigation. The
House either had authority to order it or it had
not. If it had the authority, it had also the
power to enforce answers from witnesses. Other-
wise the order is a mere brutumfulmen. It comes
to that, and nothing more, when you order an
investigation, and a witness refuses to obey your
order, and are told you have no power to entorce
his obedience, or punish him for contempt.
Let us see whether he was privileged, io
enable me to do that, I turn to Greenleaf on Evi-
dence, a standard authority. It wdl be perceived
that the only ground on which he places ns re-
fusal to answer is, not -that his answer will ermv
