410
THE CONGRESSIONAL XH.OBE.
January 21,
iuate him, not that it comets within the scope of
a privileged question in law, but simply because
he will reveal a confidential communication. I
undertake to say, that when he is called on to
answer, not only when individual rights are con-
cerned, butespecially when great public interests
are involved, ne if? bound to make revelation—no
matter how sacred the confidence which may
have been reposed in him. The authorities go
so far as to embrace confessions made to a min-
ister by a prisoner for the ease of his soul, or to a
Catholic priest for the remission of his sins. The
minister or the priest is not obliged voluntarily
to go to a magistrate and report what he has
heard*, but when called on to testify he is bound
.to disclose the fact. In the first volume of Green-
leaf on Evidence, I find the following:
" Neither does the rule require any regular retainer, as
counsel, nor any particular form of application or engage-
ment, nor the payment of fees. It is enough that he was
applied to for advice or aid in his professional character.
But this character must have been known to the applicant;
for if a person should be consulted confidentially, on the
supposition that he was an attorney, when in fact he was
not one, he will be compelled to disclose the matters com-
municated.
• (i Sec. 242. This rule is limited to cases where the wit-
ness, or the defendant in a bill m chancery treated as such,
and so called to discover, learned the matter, in question
only as counsel, solicitor, or attorney, and in no other way.
If, therefore, he were & party to the transaction, and espe-
cially if he were party to the fraud,'"(as, for example, if he
turned informer, after being engaged in a conspiracy,) or,
in other words, if he were acting for himself, though lie'
might also be employed for another, he would not be pro-
tected from disclosing; form such a case his knowledge
would not be acquired solely by his being employed profes-
sionally."
" Though the law of England encourages the penitent to
confess his sins, < for the unburthemng of his conscience,
and to receive spiritual consolation and ease of mind,5 yet
the minister to whom the confession is made is merely ex-
cused from presenting the offender to the civil magistracy,
and enjoined not to reveal the matter confessed, ( under
pain of irregularity.' In all other respects, he is left to the
full operation of the rules of the common law, by which he
is bound to testify in such cases,as anyother person, when
duly summoned. In the common law of evidence there
is no distinction between clergymen and laymen; but all
confession? and other matters not confided to legal counsel,
must be disclosed when required for the purposes of justice.
Neither penitential confessions made to the minister or to
members of the party's own church, nor secrets confided
to a Roman Catholic pi iest in the course of confession, are
regarded as privileged communications.
"Sec.243. Neitheris this protection extended tomedical
persons, in regard lo information which they have acquired
confidentially, by attending in their professional charactcrs,
not to confidential friends, clerks, bankers, or stewards, ex-
cept as to matters which the employer himself would not
be obliged to disclose, such as his title deeds and private
papers, in a case in winch he is not a party."
The committee thought this witness was not
privileged, according to law, from answering the
questions propounded to him, and they therefore
insisted upon his answering. He refused. The
committee did not act hastily. They gave the
^witness three or four days to reflect upon the
subject. He took time to reflect upon it, and the
result'of that reflection was that he still refused to
answer, and thereby placed himself in contempt
of the authority of this House, which had ordered
this specific investigation. That was precisely his
position, and the committee reported him to the
House.
Well, sir, how does it stand now? He is
reported to this House by the committee as being
in contempt—for what? Because he had refused
to answer an order of this House. Still, what has
this House done? This House has ordered his
arrest. Why? Because they considered him in
contempt of its authority. That is precisely the
condition in which he now'stands. If he was not
in contempt, this House ought not to have ordered
his arrest. The very fact that the House has
ordered his arrest presupposes that he was in
contempt of its authority. The committee had
no power fo arrest him. They reported the facts ,
to the House for its action. They reported their j
opinion upon the facts;and the House, upon that |
opinion and the facts disclosed, has ordered his 1
arrest, thereby holding that he is in contempt of |
its own order and authority. Now, what will j
you do with him? You have had him arrested j
to get him before you. Why did you arrest him ? ,
Because he stood in contempt of your order '
because he refused to answer questions which !
you have the legal right to require him to answer.
He can purge himself of that contempt at any
moment. He may do so now. He can state to
this House that he will go before the committee
and answer the question. What question ? The
•question which this House has ordered him to
answer,and declared that he is bound to,answer.
This House could not have ordered his arrest
upon any other ground. They could,act upon
no other authority. They had no right to order
his arrest unless they believed him guilty of a
contempt of its authority, and being arrested, he
stands before the House as a witness acting in
defiance of, and in contempt of, its authority and
order; and he can only purge himself of that con-
tempt by going before the committee, and making
proper and satisfactory answer to such legal ques-
tions as have been, or may be, propounded to
him. That is all I have to say at present about
the witness's position before the House.
I call the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I have, Mr. Speaker, made a slight
modification of the resolution which I have of-
fered, and I ask that it may be read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wish, by the
courtesy of the House, to put in a substitute for
the resolution I originally presented.
The SPEAKER. It is in order for the gen-
tleman to modify his own resolution.
Mr. Davis's resolution, as modified, was read,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker do read to the person in
custody the proceedings of the House touching the alleged
contempt of the prisoner; and do call on him to show
cause why he should not he committed for his refusal to
answer the questions propounded to him by the select com-
mittee ; and that he have leave to be heard now, or to-mor-
row at one o'clock; and that he have the aid of counsel,
if he desire it; and that in the mean time he remain in the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. Orr's amendment, (accepted by Mr.
Trifpe,) as modified by him, was then read, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker do forthwith inform J. W.
Simonton of the charge upon which he has been arrested,
and propound to him tlie question, "Are you ready to show
cause why you should not be further proceeded against for
the said alleged contempt; and do you desire to be heard
in person, or by counsel, now, or at what time !"
The previous question was then seconded; and
the mam question ordered to be put.
The question was taken upon Mr. Trippe's
amendment, (suggested by Mr. Orr;) and it was
agreed to.
Mr. Davis's resolution, as amended, was then
agreed to.
The Speaker ordered the assistant to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to present the body of James W.
Simonton.
The officer obeyed the order; and Mr. Simon-
ton, standing in the main aisle of the House, was
addressed by the Speaker, as follows:
James W. Simonton, you have been arrested
by order of the House, and now stand at its bar
charged with an alleged contempt of its authority
and privileges, in refusing to answer questions
propounded to you by a select committee ap-
pointed to make investigations to certain charges
made against the honor and character of the
House. The report of the committee on which
the order for arrest has been made will be read to
you, and I shall tlien, by order of the House,
address to you interrogatories, to which you"will
answer as you please.
The report of the select committee was read by
the Clerk.
The SPEAKER, (addressing Mr. Simonton.)
The resolution which has been read to you has
been adopted by the House; and by virtue of its
authority you have been arrested, and now stand
at the bar charged with the offense which has
been stated to you. Are you ready to show
cause why you should not be further proceeded
against for the said alleged contempt; and do you
desire to be heard in person, or by counsel; and,
if you desire to be heard, whether now, or at
what time ?
' j James W. Simonton. Mr. Speaker, if consist-
/cnt with the views of the House, I should be
glad to occupy their attention for a few minutes;
and then, if the House deem it necessary to pro-
ceed further, I would like an opportunity to con-
sult and employ counsel. May I proceed ?
The SPEAKER. It is your privilege to be
heard now on the charge made.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 understand that this per-
son is here to answer questions, and not to make
speeches; and i insist on his answering the ques-
tions. If he is not ready to answer he should
not have indulgence.
,The SPEAKER, (after repeating the question.)
It is stated to the Chair, and to the House, that
he desires to be heard now. Unless the House
shall otherwise direct, the Chair will hear the
statement.
Mr. SAVAGE. I raise a point of order. I
concur with the gentleman from Virginia, that
this person is brought here for the purpose of
a«$wering.questions,and not of making speeches.
I believe that the House in passing this resolu-
tion passed it with the idea that the same course
was to 'be pursued as would be pursued in a court,
of justice; and that this man, in making his an-
swers, was to be controlled by those principles
and precedents which would obtain if he were
standing before a tribunal for the purpose of
answering for a similar offense. Now the prac-
tice is universal, that the party is not to answer
orally, but always in writing and on oath. I
think that that is the only legitimate way in
which he can answer for a contempt—on oath and
in writing—not by speech.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee raises a ,question of order, that the person
now at the bar of the House has not the right.to
Make his remarks, but must be confined to an
immediate answer to the interrogatories addressed
to him by the Chair; and further, that the an-
swers must be in writing, and cannot be made
orally. The Chair is of opinion that the answers
to the interrogatories must be direct, and that
extended remarks cannot be allowed; but thinks
that under the order of the House, the answers
can be given orally, and not necessarily in writing.
Mr. GROW. It is the privilege of the accused
anywhere in an American court to answer ques-
tions in his own manner 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Debate is
not in order.
Mr. GROW. I move that the accused be
heard in answer to the questions in his own mode
and manner.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time. The House has made an order.
That order is in process of execution; and after
the order shall have been executed, the House
may take any other course it may deem proper,
under the circumstances.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. We are still a House
here in session. I want to make a motion sup-
plementary to the order, and not in contravention
of it at all. I propose, as the further order of
the House, in the execution of that now per-
forming, that the party make his reply in writing.
[Cries of" Oh, no!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
proposition of the gentlcm'an from JjLentucky,
being consistent with the order of the"House, is
in order.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order after the witness has
proceeded ?
The SPEAKER. He has not proceeded; he
has only expressed his wish; but he has not
answered the interrogatory.
Mr. GROW. I move to amead by adding the
words " or orally, as he may desire."
Mr. OR.R. I rise to a question of order. The
House has adopted a resolution instructing the
Speaker of the House to propound certain inter-
rogatories to the party under arrest, which are to
be answered by .him. When that resolution was
pending, the House incorporated in it, it is to be
presumed, everything it desired. The subject,
then, has for that purpose passed beyond the con-
trol of the House. When adopted it was our
rule of action, and it is now too late to amend or
alter it unless on a reconsideration.
With reference to the witness, if he says he
desires to go on now, I insist that he shall have
a right to the fullest defense he chooses to make.
It is his privilege to do so. If he desires to be
heard by counsel,and wishes a postponement of
this hearing to a future day and hour, I am will-
ing to grant it. If he goes on now to make re-
marks outside of answers to questions, he will
then lose that privilege.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Was there ever a
time when a witness was brought into court to
purge himself of a contempt, that he was not
required to speak on an affidavit? Is this party
to purge himself orally,and not under oath ? Is
he to purge himself of contempt by making a
speech ?
The SPEAKER. Certain interrogatories were
