1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4i'l
directed to bft propounded to the party in arrest
at the bar, bat there was no order whether the
answers wore to be given in writing or orally.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want them to be
given in writing, and under oath.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
execution of the order.
Mr. STEPHENS, This party is not before
this House to purge himself of contempt. In
that the gentleman 155 mistaken. He is here to
show cause why he should not be proceeded
against by the House as in contempt, and he has
the right to make any showing in reply to that
he pleases.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
question to the House. 14 Shall the answers to
the specific inquiries of the House addressed to
the prisoner at the bar, be made orally?"
The question was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to make an inquiry.
Are the answers, now about to be made, the an-
swers on which the House is to act, or are they
merely preliminary answers ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot determine.
J. W. Simonton, I am instructed to propound to
you the following interrogatories: " Are you
ready lo show cause why you should not be further
proceeded against for the said alleged contempt;
and do you desire to be heard in person or by
counsel; and if so, whether now or at what time ?
You are at liberty to answer them orally.
James W. Simonton addressed the House as
follows: Mr. Speaker, I am ready to answer, and
to answer now. I beg the House to believe that
I have no vain ambition to appear before them at
this time and in this manner. I am 110 speaker;
lam no lawyer; 1 am a member of the press; 1
and though unaccustomed to address public 1
bodies or meetings, I stand hem with a firm re- 1
banco on the correctness of the positions I have
taken, and a full conviction tnat I am pursuing
the path of duty; and I trust I shall pursue it,
according to the convictions of my conscience,
to the end. I have very little to say, and 1 shall
say it briefly as I can.
J think that gentlemen who have addressed the
House to-day in regard to this matter have made
some mistakes of fact. They were unintentional
I know; and I am happy to have this opportunity
to say that I complain not at all of the gentlemen
of the committee, for they have treated me with
uniform kindness. They are executing an order
of the House according to their convictions of
duty, and it is not for me to complain.
One of the mistakes 1 refer to", and a radical
one, is this: They have presumed, and so stated
to the House, that this investigation depends 011
something which I have written or published. I
beg here to repudiate that presumption altogether.
Gentlemen must be aware, if they look at the
circumstances surrounding the adoption of this
resolution, that it has no such basis. If they
will go further, and take the letter published in
the New York Daily Times of January G, over the
initial of my name, they will find that it contains
nothing which would justify any such proceed-
ing. A gentleman rose in his place and moved
a committee of investigation, based on general
rumors and statements in the press — not mine
alone. I think that, without exception, every
member of this House who took the floor on that
occasion, declared that he placed no reliance on
newspaper statements. Each and every man
sneered at the press, and said the House was not
to look into statements made by those who con-
ducted it. An honorable gentleman rose in his
place, and vindicated the moral convictions which
I had expressed, and then the House came for-
ward as one man, and ordered an investigation.
I submit,then, that theinvestigation isnotbased
upon anything which I have said or written, and
that its responsibility for proof rests not upon my
shoulders.
I wish to say one word more, as preliminary
to the excuse or apology I have to make for the
position I occupy, in regard to the power of
Congress or of the House; for it must be remem-
bered that as an American citizen 1 am entitled
to make my conduct comport with the law, and
that no man, and 110 body of men, can sustain the
proposition, that I am to be treated as independent
of law. So it will be perceived that my action in
the premises is to be judged by the km, as I un-
deistand it, or as it is decided to exist. I had
j believed that this House had no just power to
! punish for contempt.
I Gentlemen have suggested an argument to
' show an opposite state of facts. They have
read to you the law of 1708, and one of more
recent date, which give to a committee certain
judicial powers; and upon that basis they assume
that they have all the power of the judiciary, and
they assume the right to hold me, a free Ameri-
can citizen, in custody, not according to " due
process of law," but upon a mere 'ipse dixit of
this House, They seem to have overlooked the
fact, that even admitting that the committee have
judicial powers for certain purposes, they have
not the judicial powers of a court in all respects.
And if their argument is good for anything, it
must be good to show that they have any and
every power of a court; they must have the
power of ag'rand jury to find an indictment; they
must have the power of a petit jury to find a
verdict; and they must have the power of a judge
to pass sentence !
They have overlooked still another fact, and
that is, that courts of law do not derive their
power of punishing for contempt fiom any loose
and general idea of rights; and that the laws
creating them, and giving them the power, niakT
its existence clear and unquestionable.
I have great respect for the House and for the
committee, as I have already stated m my answer.
I was not desirous of placing myself in conflict
with the House; but 1 am he fori' yon; and 1 stand
here protected by that piovisum of the Con-
stitution which declares that no man shall be de-
prived of his libei ty except by due pi ocr^x of law.
If I am now, at this, hour, depiived of mv liberty,
by any " due process of law," why does not some
gentleman rise here ;uid show the law ? Will any
man contend that the Constitution of the United
States intended thai the House should have the
power in a specific case already before it to make
a law applicable to that casc? Surely not.
I am charged, Mr. Speaker, with inconsistency
in having promised a confidence which \ refused
to violate, and yet with having stated to the com-
mittee that I had knowledge of certain specific
facts. Now, I think that injustice has been done
me 111 that suggestion. There is no evidence that
I have made charges implicating members of this
House. I am not aware, if it is so, that the
committee have one particle of proof—and F main-
tain that they have not such proof—that 1 have
made charges lor which i om responsible here.
But as to this matter of confidence: as I havo
stated, gentlemen came to me and bound me to
secrecy. I accorded ihe confidence umeservedly,
not knowing what they had to communicate—
whether an important public document—import-
ant to my readers; whether it was an important
fact to control or aflrct my own judgment in
regard to the discharge of my duties, or whatever
it might be. I had the right, i maintain, to receive
their confidence for my own purposes. I have
not volunteered iiny charges against anybody
which should make it necessary that 1 should
violate that confidence. Your committco have
asked me sundry questions. They have insisted
that T should make statements to lliem winch 1
told them would not be legal evidence when given.
They said to nv, th.it " whatever instated here
which is not legal evidence, of which we shall
be* the judge, we will not make public." Then
I am relieved from the charge of making state-
ments, to go out to the woild, which J am not
ready to establish by oath or by evidence of cir-
cumstances. I havo not stated in general terms
in this letter, [holding up that published m the
Times of the 6th instant,] or mothers which the
House might make the basis of action, that
"Congress" is corrupt. I have never made
specific charges, so that any member hei" should
feel that he ought to rise m his place and say
these charges refer to me—or that he has the
right to ask me, " Do you refer to me?" If I
have, let the committee .show it.
What I have done is this: Having been con-
vinced that corruption did exist—having a moral
conviction of that fact—and I venture to assert
that scarcely a gentleman upon this floor is with-
out the same moral conviction—having this moral
conviction, I have felt it, as a member of the
press, my right and my duty to denounce it upon
such moral conviction. Sir, it is a matter more
than of right: it ir5 a quer.tion of duty. You have
a responsibility to your constituency: I, as a mem-
ber of the press, have mine to a constituency. I
have moral convictions, and I have made state-
ments which, in terms as 1 have state d, were based
upon "moralconviction" alone. The New York
Daily Times, in the very editorial article which
was read preceding the appointment of this com-
mittee, distinctly stated that these things could
not be proved; and in saying that,it declared quite
as distinctly that we had no legal evidence. I
went before your committee, and 1 stated to them,
not only that the answer to the question which
they propounded to rne would be no legal evi-
dence if I should give it, but that, having kept
myself clear from all tins conuption which I
believe to exist, i did not, and could not be sup-
posed to, have any legal evidence of the fact.
1 stated to them distinctly, from the very out-
set, that [ had no evidence—no personal knowl-
edge; and gentlemen will see that it is impossible
that i should have had any, unless I made myself
particeps cninmis. 1 had a right to believe that
t ho committee would not publish these statements
when they were not legal evidence; and I ask
gentlemen to relieve me, 111 their own breasts at
least, of the charge of having made statements to
go out before the world reflecting on individual
members, or on the House, and yet refusing to
substantiate my reasons for the statements. I
have no corroboration of my testimony, even
were I to answer this question. Every gentle-
man knows that the man who attempts to corrupt
another, or to lead him into a path which would
cany lum to the point of cunuption, does not do
it in the presence of witnesses. It is not, there-
lore, m the nature of (he case that I could have
corroborative testimony. And I ask the mem-
bers of this I louse as men—I ask them as gentle-
men, whether, under all the circumstances, they
ought to press me to a statement which it is be-
yond my power to corroborate, which, in the
nature of things, could not be corroborated, and
which could only cast suspicion 011 individuals
without carrying conviction ?
Now, again, iVIr. Speaker, as to my right to
make an arrangement of confidence such as I have
described, and such as I deem myself hound to
observe. You have not on your statute-books
any law forbidding that confidence—none what-
ever. Make such a law, and I will observe it.
Make such a law, and when Mr, A or Mr. B
comes to me, and wishes to make a coniidontial
communication, I "will say to lum: " Yes, 1 will
receive it, subject always to the provisions of this
law."
Hut now in what position am I placed ? Your
committee have called me before them under ex-
isting laws. 1 have answered fairly and frankly
many questions 111 relation to matters of fact, i
have indicated to them, as 1 could do without
violating confidence, where they could obtain
facts winch will satisfy this House, and satisfy
the country, that I was not so ve$y far wrong m
risking my publications on moral conviction.
Your committee go further. They allowed me
to say to them that 1 had knowledge which I had
aright to have under your existing laws; and
having got that from me, they now come here,
and, upon the basis of an admission thus ob-
tained , ask you to pass a law winch shnil compel
me to answer that question ^ben it shall be put
to me agam in the future', and which shall pun-
ish me by fine and imprisonment if I persist m
my refusal to answer. They have the very basis
of that question from—where' Prom outside
rnnmr' No, no; but from the answer made to a
question which they put to me—an answer which
1 <ravo under the laws as they exist. Is it right—
is it constitutional, to make a law which shall
entrap me in this way, and visit upon me all the
etlects of an cx poc.t Jacto law ? Is it right thus to
deprive me by indirection of the guarantee which
the Constitution gave me? If this Jaw which
they now propose to enact had existed, they
would never have known from any source, in all
human probability, that I was the receptacle of
any such secret. There is no provision of law
which could have forced me to answer the ori-
ginal question which is made the basis for the
second. And if the law which they now pro-
pose to enact had stood on the btatute-Look, I
could have declined to answer on grounds which
every court would admit.
I do not intend—1 havp not intended—to go
