THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
into any extended argument at this time. I did
not expect these proceedings to this extent. I
had a right to expect a different conclusion of to-
day 's proceedings. If the House will hear me,
I would like to state more clearly my proposition
by a little figure. Suppose some gentleman—let
it be the Speaker if you choose—had come to me,
and after binding me to confidence had unfolded
to me a plan for the destruction of the Treasury
building. I should feel that under the seal of
confidence I have no right to go and make affi-
davit that the Speaker has made such a proposi-
tion, or that he designs to-morro wnight to destroy
that building; and every gentleman would see
that it would be an act of folly for me to attempt
any such thing, as from his superior position he
would in all probability crowd me to the wall.
I could not substantiate the statement; but would
I be released by that consideration from uttering
those warnings which would be necessary to save
the building from destruction? Certainly not.
And that is exactly what I have do.ne here. I
take up the Minnesota land bill. I state certain
objections to that bill, which I say make the bill
itself look suspicious. I present that question
—not to Congress, but to the country. I say that
this bill on its face would seem to give corrobor-
ation to the rumors floating about, that corruption
is used to pass such a bill. I make that question
not to the House, but to the country. I simply
warn the House against permitting the crime to
be consummated. I ask them to look carefully
into the bill, and to look carefully into all the cir-
cumstances, and see for themselves whether these
suspicions have any just foundation.
I have simply done my duty in the way in
which 1 believed X would best accomplish a good
purpose, and in the way which was best calcu-
lated to preserve my own integrity and my own
reputation. I stand precisely now in the posi-
tion in which I should stand, if, in the illustration
which I have made, X had gone and warned the
Secretary of the Treasury that a plot was on
foot—in my belief or in my honest conviction—
to destroy the building to-morrow night, between
the hours of twelve and two. And, gentlemen,
I had a right, independent of this argument, to
suppose that this House would not hold me bound
to answer a question, the answer to which, as I
have stated, would involve a violation of confi-
dence. 1 might refer to a case now on the records
of this House, placed there not many months
baclc, in which a very large number of gentlemen
in this House voted, directly, that the House had
no right to censure a member for not violating
confidence, even though they might have sup-
posed that the failure to violate that confidence
would permit an act which the House itself de-
nounced. I have nothing more to say on that
subject.
I simply wish to remind the House of what I
have before stated—that I am no lawyer. I have
made no preparation. The brief minutes I have
with me, were written down as suggestions were
made here during the discussion of to-day. They
were noted down as the moments flew so swiftly
by, and are very incomplete. I am unable to
make such an argument as ought to be made in
this case, in behalf of the rights of citizens, and
the rights of the press. I had no notice that it was
intended to take t|jis proceeding in the House. I
had no knowledge beforehand of the fact that this
committee proposed to come in here this morn-
ing and make this proposition. In the secrecy of
their chamber they have fully discussed the sub-
ject. They have investigated it fully; and I am ,
called here without notice, or opportunity for
preparation, to meet the result of their mature
deliberation. I submit to the House, then, that
under these circumstances they ought to give me
further time to be heard by myself or by coun-
sel. However, I leave myself in the hands of
the House—trusting, not to their magnanimity,
but to their convictions of what is due to jus-
tice.
The SPEAKER. Have you anything further
to say in answer to the interrogatories propounded
by the House ?
Mr. Simonton. Nothing further than to ask
to be heard by counsel.
The SPEAKER, The order of the House is
executed. The party in arrest has replied orally
to the interrogatories of the House, and says
that he has nothing further to say relative to the
offense charged against him, except to request
that he may be heard by counsel.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The prisoner, Mr. Simon-
ton, or the person accused, is now here, and we
must determine what further action we shall take
in regard to him. Myimpression is that heshould
be detained in custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms
until he shall answer the question propounded
by the special committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will send to the Clerk's desk to
be read a resolution which I have prepared, which
I think will meet his views.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I yield, that it may be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas James W. Simonton has failed satisfactorily to
answer the questions put to him by the order of the House,
and lias not purged himself of the contempt with which lie
stands cliareed: Therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms hold the said Simon-
ton in custody, and place him in close confinement in the
common jail 111 this city until he shall signify his willing-
ness to answer the questions propounded to him by the
committee ; and for tins commitment this resolution shall
be sufficient warrant.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have prepared the fol-
lowing resolution, which I shall offer if I get an
opportunity:
Resolved, That James W. Simonton is guilty of a con-
tempt of the authority of this House, in refusing to answer
pertinent questions put to him by a special committee of
tliis House ; and that he be held in custody by the Sergeant-
at-Arms until lie make answer to said questions, or until
the further order of tile House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am satisfied with the
last proposition. The person in custody, Mr.
Simonton, lias given answer on several points.
I think the House will see that none of them are
of such a nature as ought to induce us to dis-
charge him. In the first place, he says that it is
not true, as has been alleged, that it was on his
statement this investigation was gotten up; and
he refers to the fact, that several members said
in debate that they did not give credit to those
statements, and would not have voted for the
resolution on that ground. This is a question
touching the moral guilt of the individual. If it
be true in point of fact that he made statements,
with a view to get up an investigation, or which
might have led to it, whether they were credited
or not he was equally morally guilty; and as to
the legal guilt, it is sufficient that he has been
summoned as a witness, and refused to answer
the questions propounded to him.
In the second place, he holds that the House
has no authority whatever to take the present
proceeding. The House has decided this morn-
ing, and it has repeatedly decided before, that it
has authority to take this proceeding; and the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the case
referred to by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Orr] the other day, decided in favor
of that power on the part of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Has the gentle-
man adopted the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I ask the
gentleman to let mine come in as an amendment,
so that the House may decide between the two
propositions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Individually, I prefer the
gentleman's resolution. I shall not call the pre-
vious question, so that the gentleman can offer
it.
The House has adjudicated the question of its
power; and I presume there is nothing in the
argument of the prisoner likely to change its
opinion. In the third place, he urges that what
he uttered was on rumor; that he knows nothing
of his own knowledge. Well, if that be true°
and he so states before the committee, they will,
of course, discharge him. But unfortunately for
him, the report states just the reverse: that he
declared before the committee that communica-
tions had been made to him by individual mem-
bers, which are directly material. This is wholly
inconsistent with his statement to-day.
As to the illustration of the defendant, I have
only this to say. Suppose he informed the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that there was a conspir-
acy to blow up the Treasury building, and further,
that he knew two members of Congress who
were concerned in it: could he not be compelled
to give up the names of those members ? He says
he is not here under due process of law. Accord-
ing to the decision of the Supreme Court, when a
witness is attached for refusing to answer, he is
attached under due process .of law.
I allude to these things in order that the House
may see that there is nothing in the statement of
the party in arrest to change our view of the
question. As to his being heard by counsel, he
has been heard already. He has stated nothing
to change thejudgmentof the House, or furnished
any just excuse for his conduct. It has been re-
peatedly decided by all the courts that communi-
cations called confidential do not protect a man
from answering in a court of justice. Many mem-
bers of the House are lawyers, and understand
the legal questions. I hold, therefore, that there
is no reason why we should take further time to
hear legal arguments upon this point.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If I understand the
prisoner at the bar, he stated, in reply to the in-
terrogatory of the Chair, that he had something to
say himself, and that, if that was not sufficient, he
would then want counsel. Now, would it not be
premature if the House passed judgment on what
he has said, when in conclusion he asked for
counsel?
Mr. CLINGMAN. If, upon the question being
put to him by the Speaker, he had said that he
preferred to be heard by counsel, then I think he
would have been entitled to be so heard, under
the terms of the resolution. But he thought
proper to go on and make a statement, and, by-
the-by, that statement was of such a character
as to show that lie had 110 need of counsel. I hold,
therefore, that the House is under no obligation
whatever to extend further indulgence to him.
As the gentleman from Illinois desires the floor
to offer his motion as a substitute, I yield to him.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to amend
the resolution by substituting what has been read
by the Clerk. I have but one word to say in
reference to the substitute I have offered for the
original resolution.
All the points upon which the prisoner at the
bar has been heard have, as it were, passed from
the judgment of the House. They are settled by
its prior action. They are res adjudicate. As to
the power of the House, and as to the steps which
they have taken to bring the affair to this point,
they are over and settled. Now, what is to fol-
low? If the adoption of the resolution by the
House is to be followed by placing the prisoner
in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, "how is
he to be treated? Has the Sergeant-at-Arms any
place in whieh he can hold in custody the person
committed to his charge? What is to be done
with him ? Is he to have a guard placed over
him to protect him, and is he to be fed and feasted
at the expense of the House, because he has
brought himself into this position, or is he to be
held in the same position that others are who
have brought themselves into the same line of
offenses in which he stands? I am for making
no distinction between him and other persons
who stand in contempt of a court of law; and in
such a case the order of the court would be that
he should stand committed until he purge him-
self of contempt. There is no proper place to
which he can be committed except to the common
jail of the District, and there is where I think he
ought to go, and there is where I propose he shall
go-
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to know of my friend
from Illinois, if his proposition shall pass, what
jail there is under the control of this House in
which this man can be confined ? Has this House
the right to order the jailer of the city jail to
receive this prisoner ? Has this House any con-
trol over the city jail ? I3 there any such build-
ing under the control of this House, or any officer
whom the House can command to receive this
prisoner ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will endeavor to
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. He asks whether there is any jail under
the control of this House in which it can confine
those who stand in contempt of its orders. If
there is no jail in which this man can be confined,
the Sergeant-at-Arms will report the fact to the
House, and the House will then see whether itis
necessary to make any further provision. If the
keeper of the jail in this District shall refuse to
receive this culprit under the resolution as the mit-
timus which is to commithim, then it will be time
