416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 92.
certainly, no advantage, T thinl?, lias been demon-
strated. To some classes of the people it will
probably be of great advantage; certainly none to
the planters and agriculturists for whom he has
spoken. I will tell you, sir, who will be bene-
fited by it. The jobbers in Wall street, the job-
bers in stocks, in cotton, in produce—they are
the men who will be benefited. The agricultu-
rist will never be benefited at all, whether he be
a planter of cotton, or a farmer in the western or
northwestern portions of this country. Still I
do not propose to interfere with this scheme; I
do not propose to prevent these gentlemen from
carrying it out; I do not even propose to prevent
the Secretary of the Navy from loaning them our
steamships for the purpose of laying their cable;
but I do protest against obligating ourselves to
pay $70,000 of public money per annum, unless
I am certain that money will not be applied to
load the cannon which command the city of De-
troit. I will not be guilty of the suicidal folly of
loading the gun which is to be discharged at it.
The question comes at last to that. We have
frequently before been compelled to contemplate
the attitude of the British Government to our
own; and I certainly have no hostility to the
British Government. I treat them as our wise
fathers in the Declaration of Independence treated
them — enemies in war, and in peace friends.
When war comes with that nation, if it should
ever come, I wish, at all events, to be put on a
footing of equality. I do not wish it to be said
that we have armed her with the means of injury
to ourselves. But, sir, \fhat is our attitude ? I
liave referred to the convention of 1850. We
have stipulated that even in time of war with
lier we will observe that treaty, so that even in
time of war she shall have perfect access with her
own vessels, or with her own soldiers carried
across the railroad, to lay waste our helpless
States on the Pacific—helpless because so remote
from the rest of us- If that be a correct propo-
sition; if she has cut us off in that direction; if
she has excluded us from that peculiar, rightful
control which we ought to have over the means
of communication with (he different parts of our
country, is it too much to ask of her that she
shall enfranchise Newfoundland and New Bruns-
wick? that she shall authorize them to establish
a government of their own? I am sure I do not
desire their annexation except with their own
consent; but a local self-government, under her
protection and under ours—a neutralization which
will be valuable to us in more senses than one.
We have treaties with her relative to the fisheries
off the coast of Newfoundland. It is a country
which in that regard possesses peculiar interest
to us, and now is the golden opportunity. This
very proposition, essential to her, essential to
the integrity of her dominions, essential to her
proper control over Canada, offers us now the
golden opportunity to exact of that Government
the neutralization of this region which com-
mands not only this telegraphic communication,
but which commands also your fisheries.
Sir, British arms are very potent, and British
gold in the war of Europe has been very potent;
but British diplomacy is more potent than either.
British diplomacy has blockaded Central A merica.
British diplomacy has interposed between you
and the Sandwich Islands. British diplomacy
has surrounded the Island of Cuba, and has pre-
sented in the very face of this Government a dis-
tinct notice that if we presume to think of the
acquisition of Cuba we shall find ourselves en-
gaged in trouble with England and France, as
well as with Spain. British diplomacy attempted,
by the quintuple treaty, defeated by the firmness
of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] to
behave ourselves pretty well. We are lectured
on the horrors of the institution of slavery, and
on a great many other horrors. While all this
is done, step by step, in both continents, she is
securing within her own control, or by her policy
of neutralization, where that is available, the
mastery of everything which can hedge this
nation round on both sides, south and north, in
Central America and in Canada—with British
navies to command the seas—our commercial
rival in peace—our formidable enemy in case of
war. We are asked to vote money out of our
Treasury to arm her again, that we may be, by
the twin serpents of her power and her diplo-
macy, encoded, every limb, like the fabulous
Laocoon; and, as the argument for all this, we
are told that peace is to come, that peace is to
be preserved; that we are even to be sneered
at when we contemplate the effect which these
measures may have upon us and our people
in case of the unfortunate contingency of a war.
Why, sir, it was a wise maxim, approved by the
authority of Washington, that it was our duty
in time of peace to prepare for war; and, despite
the Senator from New Hampshire, and despite,
too, my friend from Illinois, I shall feel it to be
my duty to look to the consequences of this
policy in the case of an unfortunate misunder-
standing. We certainly have many very valu-
able relations with England—relations which I !
would be the last man to disturb rashly—relations ■
which if disturbed would inflict mischief upon us
equal to the mischief which would be inflicted j
upon her. But, sir, I am free to say, that I think j
there are greater misfortunes than war. When '
I see a policy which aspires to control all the \
affairs of Europe—a policy which by union with ;
France dictates terms in the case of all the intes-
tine quarrels of the European Powers-—a policy
which says to Prussia you may go thus far, and j
to Switzerland you may defend thus far—when :
it is added to a course of aggression and control !
in Asia, and is to be pursued by strengthening !
her power and domain upon this continent, on
both sides of us—a policy which exacted from us 1
in the Oregon treaty the right to maintain her ,
forts and her garrisons upon our own soil in Ore- ,
gon and Washington Territories—I am not dis- |
posed, for one, at any instigation, to give her the
power of extending it any further. I say this, expended upon it are but as a drop in the bucket
because I have been provoked to say it. I have I when compared with the immense resources of
never before in the Senate alluded to the question
| at all; but now that I have said it, let it stand j
irrevocably. If the Senator from New Hamp- j
shire, or any other Senator, thinks it a proper :
subject of merriment, he is welcome to all that he ;
can make out of it. '
I say again, sir, that in my judgment the im- >
portance of this measure to the British Govern- '
ment is such, and its utter lack of importance to
us as a Government is such, that it affords an !
opportunity for us, by negotiation, to obtain from '
her the most important advantages which can be ;
given to us on this continent, both as respects ;
the commercial advantage in time of peace, in j
relation to our fisheries, and the safety of our ;
northern frontier in case of war. Other Senators j
may think differently; they are at liberty to vote i
differently; but my own convictions on that sub- j
ject are sincere, and I must vote in accordance :
with them. j
I referred to the Clayton-Bulwer convention •
because it had received the assent of both Gov- j
ernments. The honorable Senator from Illinois j
says that he desires no such neutralization as has !
been proposed under that convention; nor do I. i
I am entirely with the Senator on that question; I
but this, at all events, is worthy of consideration:'
if the neutralization which has been promised us
enforce an unlimited right to search against our it in Centra! America, and to which we have agreed <
vessels on the high seas. While all this is done—|; * ' '' 1 "  ' ., ...
while she parades to us the Exeter-Hall phase of it
her diplomacy—while she preaches morality to !
us—while she lectures us privately, and through
her newspapers, on the wickedness of our aggres-
sive tendencies, on our disposition to seize the
weak States of Central America and Mexico—
she is busily engaged in helping herself to slice
after slice in the East Indies and Asia. The
Exeter-Hall phase is for us. It consists of very
solemn lectures upon morality, upon the universal
millennium, upon peace and its benefits, upon
qur duties to her as sons and subjects—we are
lectured by all these considerations, and told to
act in good faith, this bill need not be delayed at
all. It may be passed with this amendment, or
one to the same effect, for I am not strenuous
about the form, and she may conclude the con-
vention before this Congress adjourns. If she is
not in good faith, then it behooves us, at all
events, as a Government, to leave this enterprise
where we found it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have listened, Mr. Pres-
ident, with a great deal of interest, to the discus-
sion, and at first without .the slightest intention
to participate in it; but some of the views which
have been presented by the gentleman from Ohio
strike me as so extraordinary that I cannot re-
frain from some observations.
I did not suppose at first that the Senator from
Ohio was serious in his proposition to invite from
Great Britain what is termed a concession of neu-
tralization of a portion of her undoubted posses-
sions; and I cannot think that the honorable Sen-
ator looks upon this subject practically when he
speaks to us of this being a golden opportunity,
when Great Britain is so greatly in need of this
communication, and we have so little use for it,
putting it in our power to exact terms from her.
Why, sir, theSenator has not calculated the sum
of money that is involved in this bill when he
speaks of its great importance. The sum of
money that this Government proposes to give
for the use of this telegraph will amount, in the
twenty-five years, to something between <£300,000
and =£'400,000. Now, if this be a matter of such
immense importance to Great Britain — if this
be the golden oppoitunity — and if, indeed, her
control of this line be such a powerful engine,
whetherin war or in peace, is it not most extraor-
dinary that she proposes to us a full share in its
benefits and in its control, and allows to our
Government equal rights with herself in the
transmission of communications for the sum of
about .£300,000, to be paid in annual installments
through twenty-five years? It is obvious that
this is not looked upon by the British Govern-
ment in the light in which the Senator from
Ohio views it. It is obvious that if this be in-
deed a very important instrumentality in behalf
of Great Britain for the conduct of her commerce,
the governmentof her possessions, or the efficient
action of her troops in time of war, the .£300,000
to submit, be worth anything, it is worth the
price of neutralization in the northeast corner of
the continent. If Great Britain does not observe
the neutralization of New Brunswick and New-
foundland, she can no longer ask us to submit to
her system of neutralization in Central America.
We, at all events, shall have that guarantee. We
j put the two on the same footing, and if she offers
| to use this telegraphic communication in time of
i war, in spite of these conventions, it will be in
| our power to seize the communications at Panama 1
! and at Nicaragua, and to prevent her from using '
I- them. |
I repeat, if the British Government intends to
that empire. I think, therefore, we may as well
discard from our consideration of this subject all
these visions about the immense importance of
thegovernmental aid in this matter, to be rendered
under the provisions of this bill.
Again, sir, it has been suggested that there is
a question of constitutional power. If we have
a right to hire a warehouse at Port Mahon, in
the Mediterranean, for storing naval stores, have
we not a right to hire a company to carry our
messages ? Does this bill propose the construc-
tion of a line of telegraph by the Government?
Does it propose the appropriation of money out
of the Federal Treasury for any purpose not an-
ticipated by the Constitution ? Not at all, sir.
A company comes here and tells us " If you will
pay us so much per annum for such a service for
such a length of time, we will perform that ser-
vice for you; it is one in which your Government
is interested; if you will not give us that pay fer
that service, we may or wo may not be able here-
after to render it upon terms which we shall have
the power to exact; but if you will not make that
contract now in advance, we, onr side, will not
bind ourselves; you must abide the issue of the
enterprise, and be subject to such exactions as
we please to impose if you want to use the
work."
That is all; and I should as soon think of
questioning the constitutional power of the Gov-
ernment to pay freight to a vessel for carrying
its mad bags across the ocean, as to pay a tele-
graphic company a certain sum per annum for
conveying its messages by the use of the electric
telegraph. We are not engaging in any enter-
prise authority for which is not committed to us
by the Constitution. We do not propose to join
in constructing this work; but deeming it in ad-
vance a work of great public importance and
interest, not only to the Government, but to the
people of the United States, we say to the men
engaged in a private enterprise that, if they will
embark in this enterprise, we will hirtf their
