418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
immense difficulties of attempting to fish it up
from the bottom of the sea if it should be lost?
Have they considered a thousand difficulties and
contingencies which make it quite possible, I will
not say probable, that they will not be able to lay
down this line at all?
But suppose it is laid down. After the two
Governments have furnished the ships and the
labor—the greatest partof the cost—they are then
to guaranty, for twenty-five years, eight per cent,
on what is estimated to be the cost. After that
time they are to pay only what will allow six per
cent, on the cost. Does anybody suppose the
Governments will pay less than eight per cent.?
The parties will reduce the price of the communi-
cations of individuals, and the effect will be that
the persons who use this line will not pay what
the use of it is worth, but we shall do it for them.
Thus the two Governments are to go to the ex-
pense of furnishing telegraphic communications
at less than they are worth, perhaps fornothing,
to individuals and to merchants.
It seems to me that there ought to be some safe-
fuards in regard to this matter. There ought to
e some means provided by which the two Gov-
ernments may know what this telegraph line will
yield, by which they may have the means of pre-
venting the company from reducing the price, so
as to see, at least, that the community who use it
bear a portion of the burden. And yet, there is
nothing of that character provided in the bill.
Nor is there anything in it to secure to the United
States an equal use of the line. We miglvt at
least to have agents at each end of the line. We
ought at least to have the same means of con-
trolling it which are left to the British Govern-
ment. None of these things are provided for.
As far as I can see, the scheme is to throw
the expense of laying down this line upon the
Government, and to give private individuals the
advantage of it.
We are to do this—for what? It is confessed
we are to have no use of it in time of war. We
are to do this from the fear, that if we do not
accede to it we shall be denied the use of the line
in time of peace. Why, sir, who can suppose
Buch a thing for a moment? Is it not their interest
to get all the customers they can ? Is not one of
the great objects for which it is laid down to
insuie communication between our people and
the English? Is it to be supposed that they will
refuse to allow us to use it on the same terms
that they allow it to all their other customers ?
The Senator from Louisiana seems to tlunk they
would not, because Great Britain would derive
some exclusive advantage by monopolizing its
use. Far from it. The very object of laying it
down is to communicate with us, and it is her
interest to afford all facilities for that purpose.
Sir, the interests of commerce are one. There is
one great republic of commerce, which extends
all over the world, and its interests are the same,
rightly considered, all over the world. It is to
the interest, not merely of the British merchant,
but of the American merchant, that both should
communicate freely with each other, and they
would do it. Establish this line whew you may,
"whether the Government be connected with it or
not, there will be a free interchange of sentiment
or opinion, or whatever else could be communi-
cated, across these wires between the two coun-
tries. Mutual and common interests, which are
stronger than national prejudices, would coerce
and control it.
The whole question is one of policy—how it
had better be done. I say let these private com- (
panics, if they choose to go into it as an enter- I
pris^i from which they are to derive pecuniary
profit, go to the expense of laying down this line,
and let i ho Government contribute and pay for it
as any other customer —as I said yesterday,
largely and liberally, if you choose. I believe
that by so doing we shall encourage and foster,
if I may use the term, the great interests of com-
merce far more than if we were to attempt to
interfere and give to some peculiar advantages
which wore denied to others. °
If this be practicable—if it be possible to lay
down the wire at anything like the sum here in-
dicated, it will bo done; it will-be done by private
individuals; and my word for it,as long as peace
exists, you will find that the inhabitants of all
countries which are within reach of it will have
the free use of it. They will have It, because it !
is the interest of all concerned that they should
do so. That is the very object of its establish-
ment. I am not one of tliose who believe it
vf ould not be possible or practicable to neutralize
it so that the benefits of this line might be secured
to this country, even in time of war. But one
thing would be necessary in order to effect it fully
and_ completely, and that is, that America should
have agents at each end* of the line, who might
be allowed to use the telegraph to communicate
with each other; and by communicating in cypher
they could have the full and complete use of it.
Suppose that, however, to be impracticable; sup-
pose it to be true that all the advantages in time
of war must inevitably belong to the British
Government, because they own both the termini,
then the question arises, how had we better avail
ourselves of whatever advantages are to be de-
rived from it in time of peace? I say by paying
for the use of it like any other customer. If we
adopt this bill, it will be found that we are legis-
lating a large sum into the pockets of individuals.
It will be found that by this contrivance we are
throwing the whole expense of laying the line
upon the two Governments, and that upon no
estimate which is furnished us by any reliable
engineer. How do we know that this is all that
it is to cost? Who does not see the difficulties
of the enterprise ? If the two Governments bind
themselves to furnish the ships to lay down the
line, all the expense that is thrown on individuals
is merely to furnish the cable. It is we that have
to encounter the labor and expense really of
making the work; and then we are to guarantee
to private individuals, after we have made it,
eight per cent, upon d£350,000, not merely for
twenty-five years, but for a longer period—for
fifty years—for that is the way it will end. They
will reduce their prices so as to keep it up at the
expense of the Government, and throw as little
as possible 011 those who use it.
Sir. RUSK. This proposition seems to me to
be strangely misunderstood. It is treated as a
measure eminently beneficial to the Government
of Great Britain both in peace and in war; and it
seems to be apprehended that she is about to
deceive the Government of the United States into
the expenditure of a very large sum of money to
establish a telegraphic line, in the benefits of
which we are not to participate, but of which she
will have the exclusive advantage in war and in
peace.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say so.
Mr. RUSK. The argument proceeds on that
ground. Now, how does the fact stand? Some
American citizens got up this grand project,
which I trust in God they will succeed in accom-
plishing. Men of enterprise, men of intelligence
and skill, originated the idea of establishing a
submarine telegraph between this continent and
Ireland. They organized a company, and have
had, I believe, from our ships, a great many
soundings to ascertain the practicability of layicg
down this wire. Then an American citizen,
Cyrus W. Field, goes to the English Government,
and asks them what they will do in aid of this
work. He is a resident of New York now, but
I knew him some years ago as the chief engineer
on a very important railroad in the South—the
Chattanooga railroad. The British Government
entertain a proposition from an American citizen,
and offer to do certain things:
" Hor Majesty's Government engage to furnish the aid
of ships to take wbat soundings may still be considered
needful, or to verify those already taken; and favorably to
consider any request that may be made to furnish aid" by
their vessels in laying down the cable."
It is not denied that it will be of important
benefit to commerce. The Senator from Vir-
ginia thinks it will be an important engine in war,
and that all the benefits will go to England. I do
not think it will be worth the snap of a man's 1
finger in war. I cannot see it. They cannot
send any troops on it; and what information they
may send by it I do not think will be nf any ;
great injury to the United States. The Senator ]
from Virginia admits that it will be a matter of ;
great importance to the commerce of the country;,
and yet he says we ought not to incur this large !
expenditure of sending a ship to makS a few ,
soundings, and help to lay down the cable, be-'
cause it is an expense for the benefit of commerce! '
My opinion is that it will be of more benefit to !
our commerce than to that of Great Britain. We il
are stickling now at the use of a ship for a few-
days to help to lay down the cable. That is the
enormous expense!
Mr. PUGH. That is not the provision of the
bill at all. That is placed in the power of the
Navy Department without a bill. The bill is to
give money.
Mr. RUSK. I will come to the
,. m, , .  money portion
of it. I he bill is to furnish a ship to lay down
the cable, because it authorizes a contract on the
same principle as the one made by- the British
Government, and that provision is in the con-
tract of the British Government. Why did not
this spirit of economy rise when we were send-
ing out ships to make explorations and observ-
ations in the Red Sea, and in South America'
Why was it not thought of when we sent one
or two expensive expeditions to Japan, and pub-
lished at great cost some elegant books narrating
their exploits ? What object had we there but
to extend our commerce ? The expense even in
ships alone, in that instance, was at the rate of
twenty to one here, but no cry of economy waa
then raised. I come now to the money portion:
" The British Government, from the time of the comple-
tion of the line, and so long as it shall continue in working
border, undertake to pay at the rate of £14,000 a year."
The line must be completed before any pay-
ment can be made, and the payment is only to
be continued as long as the line is in working
order. That is the whole of the great assault
on the Treasury!
I am not disposed to consume the time of the
Senate; nor am I inclined to talk to grave Sen-
ators about the importance of this experiment,
which I regard as the experiment of the age, in
bringing nations nearer together and doing away
with the causes which existfor disagreement and
war, and extending commerce by which civil-
ized nations exist. I will undertake to talk to
those who know as well as, and perhaps better
than I do, of the vast advantages which may
result from this telegraph. At all events, the
money is not to be paid unless the experiment
is successful. The ships may be sent there to
assist in laying the cable. 1 think that is better
than to keep them rotting at the navy-yards with
the officers frolicking on shore.
Mr. PUGH. I do not object to furnishing the
ships.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Ohio does not
object to furnishing the ships. Then I do not
object to the money; and I think, on reconsider-,
ation, he will not object to the money appropria-
tion. If you could divide out this expense per
capita, and present it to the people of the State of
Ohio alone for the encouragement of this enter-
prise, in which they are interested as much as all
the other States—for there is a great deal of pro-
duction there that enters into the commerce of
the country—there would not be a speech made
against the measure; but every man would read-
ily contribute to accomplish an object so con-
fessedly important, not only to the commerce of
the United States, but the commerce of the world.
Mr. WELLER. I regret very much that I
shall be compelled to vote against this bill, as I
have been in the habit of voting with my friend
from Texas in regard to all measures which he re-
ports to increase the mail facilities of this country;
but if our Government has now §70,000 a year to
invest in a magnetic telegraph, in my judgment
they had better spend that amount in construct-
ing a line to the Pacific ocean, where we have
immense possessions. We are now within ten
days of Great Britain, and you are within thirty
days of your possessions on the Pacific. You
are not satisfied with getting intelligence from
England every ten days, and you now desire to
have it cityly, and at the same time you will take
no steps to bring California and the Pacific coast
nearr-r to the Federal Government.
Mr. RUSK. My friend is mistaken. I intro-
duced a bill here, and voted for one appropriating
§20,000,000 for that purpose.
Mr. WELLER. I will show the bill that was
passed in 1855 by Congress. Here it is:
" That Hiram O. Afden and James Eddy, their associates
and assigns, are hereby authorized and empowered to con-
struct, at their own expense, a line of telegraph from such
point on the Mississippi or Missouri river as tbey may se-
lect, Through the public lands belonging to the United States,
over which lands the right of way two hundred feet in
width, tor that purpose, is hereby granted, to San Francisoo,
in California, in as direct a line as practicable."
