420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
ment. I regard it as a mere donation of this
amount of money to go into the hands of an
irresponsible concern, If;thisline can be made
and will pay, private individuals will make it,
and then we can get all the information we want
by paying for it like other customers. It seems
' to me to be a scheme to get out of Uncle Sam so
many dollars by tickling him and flattering him
and talking to him of the progress of the age.
Under whatever notion it may be advanced, it
amounts to nothing more nor less than taking
money from the public Treasury, and these pleas
are seized for excuses.
These, sir, are my opinions. I should not
have said this much, but that I feel an utter
repugnance to seeing so much money taken out |
of the Treasury of the United States by this
sort of what I call humbugging measures. If
Great Britain wants a communication between
Newfoundland and Ireland, or any other parts
of her possessions, let her malce it. I would not
take a partnership in it if she offered it to me.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have enjoyed, sir, the
speech of the Senator from Kentucky as much
as any one present, and I am sure that is saying
a great deal. Great Britain certainly is formida-
ble to the whole world if she is able to give as
hard blows in as good humor as the Senator from !
Kentucky has given this measure, with all the 1
amusement he has thrown about it. But when
we come to look at the question seriously, I think
it is worthy of our deliberate and favorable con-
sideration. I do not perceive the force of the
objections that have been urged, either on the
score of expense or of impolicy. I do not regard
this as a war measure in any sense of the word.
It is essentially a peace measure—a commercial
measure, so far as its advantages are concerned;
and I am disposed to look upon it purely in that
light. I agree with the Senator from Virginia,
that our merchants and our commerce will derive
the same advantages from this telegraph if the
United States Government does not contribute,
as ifit does contribute. Tiie company will follow
their own. interests undoubtedly in the manage-
ment of the work; and those interests will require
them to do as much business as possible, receive
every customer that comes, and get as much
money out of each customer as they can obtain
at the rates charged. I have, therefore, no appre-
hension that our commerce will not be on an equal
footing with English commerce when this line
shall be made, no matter which Government pat-
ronizes it, or whether either patronizes it or not.
I believe it will be of vast advantage to the com-
merce of both countries, i believe its tendency
will be to cultivate better feelings between the
two countries. I believe the closer it brings us
together, the more it will obliterate those preju-
dices which certainly do exist to a considerable
extent between the two nations.
Our policy is essentially a policy of peace.
We want peace with the whole world, above all
other considerations. There never has been a
time in the history of this K.epublic when peace
was more essential to our prosperity, to our ad-
vancement, and to our progress, thaffit is now.
We have made great progress in time of peace—
an almost inconceivable progress since the last
war with Great Britain. 'Twenty-five years
more of peace will put us so far in advance of
any other nation on earth, that even the Senator
from Kentucky will not have such a dread of the
power of Great Britain as he seems to have to-
day. Sir, 1 do not think his apprehensions are
well founded even now. There is a wide differ-
ence between the power of this nation to-day,
and what it was during the war of 1812. The
additions that have been made to our population,
the additional States that have been admitted into
this Union, now furnish more of the elements
needed in a war with Great Britain than the
whole nation possessed at the time of the last
war. I trust we are never to have another war
wnh Gieat Britain; yet I would not surrender any
great material interest of ours, nor would I tar- ;
lush the American honor to avoid a war. IfEng- '
land forces it upon us, let it come; but I would do
nothing to encourage it. 1 would not court it—
not because I believe that at this day we could
not meet her in a fair field. I firmly believe that
if we should have a war with Great Britain, she
would not come out of it, at the end of three
years, with one foot of British soil on the Ameri-
can continent. New England alone could drive
every British soldier from the whole coast, and
take possession of the colonies that are connected
with this end of the wire. New England would
take the job to capture Nova Scotia and New
Brunswick, including Halifax, their great for-
tress. While that was being done, the West
could dispose of the rest of the Canadas. Al-
though this is our condition, I would not act
aggressively towards England. I would do noth-
ing to encourage war merely because we have
advantages on this continent, and can drive her
off it whenever we please; but I would consider
tlie'se facts in connection with the objections made
to this proposition that this end of the wire will
be in the British territory.
As I said yesterday, that objection fails for the
reason that, in time of war, this end of the wire
would not be in British territory; and it is no
objection that it is in British territory in time of
peace. Our communication would be as perfect
in time of peace with it in British territory as
under the American flag; and I hold that, in time
of war, it would be in our possession, and not in
hers. If we can look fairly and reasonably at
the relative powers of the two countries when
fighting upon this continent, I think wo must
come to this conclusion. I do not pretend to say
that we could send troops to England to fight her
at home, or establish a European colony; but I
do say that she cannot send troops three thou-
sand miles across the ocean, and fight us at home
on an equality.
It is said that our ports are exposed, and that
British ships could come in and batter down our
cities. Sir, I do not know of any English sea-
port as well fortified as New York. Livemool
is not half as well fortified as New York. Lon-
don itself is not as secure from an invasion as
New. York; but we have allowed ourselves to be
frightened out of our wits by crigs about the
exposed condition of our cities. If you enter the
British ports you will find them more exposed
than our own. Hence these threatenings of Brit-
ish power have no terrors for me.
I desire to examine this question as a peace
measure—as a commercial measure, casting out
of view its effect on either country in time of
war, for the reason that neither can use it in time
of war. If England had possession of both ends
of it, we could cut the wire. What difficulty
would there be in drawing up the wire on the
banks of Newfoundland, and cutting it?
Mr. BUTLER. You could not get to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS It will run for hundreds of
miles over the shallow banks of Newfoundland,
where any anchor can reach it. Then it can be
reached as you approach the shallow banks
towards It-eland. Inasmuch as it is to be exposed,
not covered, at the bottom of the sea, it can be
reached anywhere where a cable is long enough
to rcach it. It is a small wire about the size of
my finger. The Senator from New York has a
specimen of it in his hand. It can be hauled up
with perfect ease by any ship. Hence in time of
war its power and its terrors would cease in a
moment, if it was found to be injurious to either
party.
I shall not follow my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Pugh] through his descriptions of the aggressive
policy of Great Britain in surrounding us where-
ever she can get an opportunity of planting her
flag. On former occasions I have often referred
to that line of policy on the part of Great Britain.
I have never approved that policy of hers. I
have never been willing to yield to it wherever
we had the power of resisting it consistently
with our own rights and dignity; but, sir, I do
not know what British power in Central Amer-
ica, or in the Bahamas, or at Bermuda, or at
Halifax, or any other place on the continent or
the islands of the sea, has to do with this tel-
egraphic communication with Europe. Nor do
I know whatBritish aggression in the Indies has
to do with the establishment of this telegraphic
wire. We all know the history of British ag-
gression in India. We know that it forms a
series of aggressions unequaled by any other
nation on the face of the globe. It is proper to
refer to those aggressions m order to shatne Eng-
land when she taunts us with an aggressive
policy. It is legitimate in that line of debate, or
as an offset to her taunts against Russia attribu-
ting to that Power an aggressive policy. I have
no objection to England's aggressive policy in
Asia if she chooses to pursue it. I have no ob-
jection to Russia's aggressive policy in that region
if she chooses to pursue it. I care not how soon
England and Russia get in collision in their
mutual aggressive policy in Asia, if they are
fools enough to carry on that kind of war. If
they will confine their aggressions to the other
side of the water, and let us alone, I am willing
to let them fight, and let us feed both parties
while the fighting is being done. I have an ob-
jection to any European Power pursuing an
aggressive policy on this continent; but [ do not
know what these questions have to do with the
bill now under consideration.
I repeat, this is a peace measure, not a war
measure. I believe its cffect will be to produce
a better state of feeling between the people of the
two countries. In regard to the amount of ex-
pense, the sum dwindles into entire insignificance.
The Senator from Kentucky ['Mr. Crittenden]
has referred to the fact that we authorize the
President to make a contract for the use of Amer-
ican ships in laying down this wire. Upon
examining the memorial of this company to the
President of the United States, I find that they
ask for the use of but one ship: they do not want
any more. They want one British steamer to
start from the coast of Ireland with the wire west-
ward, and one American steamer to start with the
wire eastward; and when the two ships meet,
they are to fasten the wire together, and let it
drop, and the work is done.
What injury is this to the United States in a
pecuniary point of view, or in any other respect ?
Will it cost anything to furnish the use of one of
our steamships? They are idle; we have no practi-
cal use for them at present. They are in commis-
sion. They have their coal on board, and their
full armament. They will be rendenng no ser-
vice to us if they are not engaged in this work.
Why not allow the use of one of our steamships
to transport this wire from the coast of iNew-
foundland to the center of the ocean, where they
are to meet the British ship ? If there was nothing
more than a question of national pride involved,
I would gladly furnish the use of an American
ship for that purpose. England tenders one of
her national vessels, and why should we not
j tender one also? It costs England nothing, and
| it costs us nothing.
| But American citizens have commenced this
j enterprise. The honor and the glory of the
i achievement, if successful, will be due to Amer-
! ican genius and American daring. Why should
! the American Government be so penurious—I do
| not know that that is the proper word, for it costs
| nothing—why should we be actuated by so illib-
eral a spirit as to refuse the use of one of our
, steamships to convoy the wire, when it does not
I cost one farthing to the Treasury of the United
States? We did furnish more—infinitely more
than that, to help to take the soundings across
this very line for the benefit of commerce. We
thought it was a matter of honor and credit to
this Government to be engaged in the great scien-
tific work of determining the depth of the ocean,
and the tracks of vessels across it, m order to save
life and expedite the transportation persons
and property. Why not use one ship for this
purpose ?
In this connection I will remark that, in order
to obviate the objections which have been sug-
gested here about the number of ships that may
be furnished, I propose to make a verbal amend-
ment. The bill reads "that the President may
contract with any competent person, persons, or
association for the aid of the United States in
laying down the cable." I would insert, " for
the aid o^the United States, by furnishm
not
exceeding "Two ships, in laying down the cable,'
&c.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That will show on the face
of the bill what aid is to be furnished in laying
j down the cable. I put in the limitation " not
i exceeding two" for the reason that, in looking
] into the memorial of the company, 1 find that
j they ask for but one 
| Mr. SEWARD. The company ask for but
I one, and it was but a mere question of detail in
! drawing up the bill. It was thought that one
might be displaced, and another wanted to be
I placed in that service, so that it was left to the
