1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
discretion of the President and the Secretary of
the Navy, -s
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will draw attention to the
memorial to show that they never contemplated
to use more than one ship:
"To avoid failure in laying the cable, it is desirable to
use every pjecaution, and we therefore have the honor to
request that you will make such recommendation to Con-
gress as will secure authority to detail a steamship for this
purpose, so that the glory of accomplishing what lias been
justly styled 'the crowning enterprise of the age,5 may
be divided between the greatest and freest Governments
011 the face of the globe."
A steamship is all they ask; and I am glad the
Senator from New York is willing to accept the
amendment to insert the limitation "notexceed-
ing two ships." Then the only remaining ex-
pense to the United States is $70,000 a year, that
we are to furnish for the transmission of intelli-
gence over this line. If you look into this prop-
osition you will find that the expenditure is to
begin when the line is in operation. Our com-
pensation is to be the same that the British Gov-
ernment make. We are not to pay a dollar of
money for laying down the wire. We are not to
contribute a dollar to the establishment of the
telegraph; but we are to pay for the intelligence
that we cause to be transmitted over it after it
shall be in operation. The proposition is this:
'fThe British Government, from the time of the com-
pletion of the line, and so long as it >hail continue in woik-
ing order, undertakes to pay at the rate of (£14,000) four-
teen thousand pounds a year."
We do not undertake to pay a dollar unless
the enterprise is successful. Suppose they go on
and lay down this wire, and it proves unsuccess-
ful, what responsibility do we incur? What loss
have we occasioned? Nothing except the use of
one steamship in transporting the wire from the
American coast to the center of the ocean, where
it is to meet a British ship, and the wires are to
be attached to each other, and the communication
made complete. If it works well, we then incur
the responsibility of paying $70,000 a year for
the use of the telegraph by this Government.
This is all there is of it; and when the profits of
the company shall equal six per cent, on the cost,
we are (to pay only $50,000 a year.
1 think we gain more than that even in the sav-
ing of mail service. It is now a matter of vast
importance that our mail steamers should go
across the ocean in the shortest possible time.
Our vast pecuniary interests depend upon the
earliest possible intelligence. When this wire
'shall be m operation, whatdifferencc will it make
whether the vessels take ten days, or twelve days,
in crossing the ocean with the mail bags, when
your commercial intelligence is going through
each day and each hour ? If you have a friend
on the other side of the ocean, you can communi-
cate with him in a few hours, if not in a few min-
utes. If you have any business transactions,
you can conduct them as well without the mail as
with it. It, therefore, dispenses with that stern
necessity of saving a few hours in the transmis-
sion of the mails. I need not spend the time of
the Senate to prove that probably one half of the
expense of transporting the mails across the
ocean is occasioned by the effort to save five or
six hours or one day s time m a voyage. You
can get your mails carried for half price if you
will allow the vessels to take two days more in
the voyage. It is for the speed that you pay the
bounty. The high bounty is for the greatest
possible speed.
When I look into this proposition, I cannot
conceive on what ground objections to it rest. 1
cast out of view entirely the war argument; I
look upon it solely as a peace, as a commercial,
and as a business measure. In that pointof view
I believe the Government will obtaij^more ser-
vice for the amount of money, than any other
contract that we ever have made, or now can
make, for the transmission of intelligence.- It
is a mail operation. It is a l3ost Office arrange-
ment. It is for the transmission of intelligence,
and that is what I understand to he the function
of the Post Office Department. I hold it, there-
fore, to be as legitimately within the proper pow-
ers of the Government, as the employing of a
stage coach, or a steam car, or a snip, to trans-
port the mails, cither to foreign countries or to
different portions of our own country.
Is the amount to be paid too much? Clearly
not. I will venture now the assertion, that every
Senator on this floor was astonished at the small
amount of money asked for to accomplish this
great object. I had supposed it was going to
occasion an expense of several hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars a year instead of $70,000. I look
upon it as a wise and economical measure, as one
coming properly within the conceded powers of
this Government, and involving no latitudinous
or wide construction in order to find the author-
ity of the Government for the measure. In this
point of view I have felt it to be my duty to again
participate in this debate, although I had hoped
that we should have been able to take the vote
and pass the bill before now, and proceed to the
consideration of that more interesting topic—the
great contest between Georgia and South Caro-
olina that is now convulsing us here in connec-
tion with a new navy-yard.
Mr. BUTLER. I am very willing that we
shall have the contest, if contest it be, between
Georgia and South Carolina settled; and I am
sure we shall settle it in a friendly spirit; but 1
have no idea of trusting the destinies of this
country to a wire controlled by Great Britain.
My friend from Illinois says it is nothing but a
mail communication, and that this wire is but a
post office regulation ! With one qualification, I
suppose it may be so; this qualification is pal-
pable—it is a mail arrangement under the surveil-
lance of Great Britain. Whether in matters of
diplomacy, in matters of war, in matters of com-
merce, or m any matter which may affect the
policy of Great Britain, or in which the policy
of this country may be involved with other
nations, here is our attitude: England can, by
this means, write to her agents, and the commu-
nications nan be keptseeiet; but our communi-
cations will be known to the British Government
if they be of magnitude enough to warrant them
m finding them out. Indeed, if it were a matter
which touches the safety and honor of Great
Britain, the allegiance of the operator there to the
Crown would absolve him liom the oath to keep
such a secret.
What would be dtir attitude in the case of a
war? Great Britain might send a communication
to Newfoundland to bombard New York before
any communication could be given by proclama-
tion. She would have all the advantages; and I
think the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Thomp-
son] in his hurried remarks has uttered a great
deal of wisdom. If you gave me the choice,
I would not go into this copartnership. If it
were gratuitously offered to me I would decline
it, because it is a copartnership in which 1 must
necessarily be under the control of the superior
power as long as they choose to be friends, and
they will have advantages over us when they
choose to be enemies. This is an attitude that X
do not wish to assume in any copartnership of
mine.
But, Mr. President, I say now, as I have repeat-
edly said, I observe the tendency of this Govern-
ment to run but one way—c/vscit ewido—and that
is, to subserve any policy that may be effected
by the appropriation of money. I know no limit
to the latitude of this Government, so far as any
measure for the general welfare, as it is termed,
is concerned, which can be effected by money;
and if money is in the Treasury, name the object
for which it may not be appropriated, according
to the doctrine which gentlemen maintain here—
name any object — education, navigation, inter-
nal improvements, and external improvements
through the ocean. We are not satisfied with
appropriating money — contrary, in my opinion,
to the Constitution — to regulate commerce be-|
tween one part of this Confederacy and another,
Wit we are willing to appropriate money, and go
into Great Britain, to regulate commerce between
the two countries, with the certainty that the line
is under the control and direction of that Power,
with an understanding that it may be used by
you as long as you keep peace and behave your-
self; but the moment you give offense, she can
take advantage of your position, and oppose you.
That is her attitude.
Sir, I have another objection to this bill. I am
tired of the system of allowing private individ-
uals, companies, and corporations, to indicate the
policy of this country. How long is it since a
woman undertook to say how we should appro-
priate the public lands when the President had
not recommended it? How long is it since Col-
lins indicated the necessity of carrying the mails
between the two nations, and the Government
became involved in his enterprise? Here is a
private company involving the country in a policy
not recommended by the President—not coming
under the sanction of any authority—and we are
at once to yield to this nattering, delusive, and,
in my opinion, dangerous doctrine, because it
suits the magnificence of the age, when we are
but consulting the temptation or accelerating the
great progress of events. I believe, sir, that the
progress of events will go on, and I do not wish
to see it hurried by the hand of legislation-—at
least with the temerity which it seems to me has
minglfed in the conccrns of this Government.
My/riendfrom Louisiana spoke, as he usually
does, with an enlarged mind, taking a view of
an expansive horizon;and hethoughtwe were not
to be disturbed by war, and that we must look
altogether to the dominion of peace. He said that
the security for peace was the interest of the two
nations. I yield at once to the suggestion; but
in my opinion these benevolent notions are not
going to give us peace. It is interest, not copart-
nership or rivalry, that will secure peace to us.
As long as we can raise our cotton, we can put
Great Britain at defiance; and to-morrow, if we
had an Emperor, whose mind could control the
destinies of this country, and he were to say to
Great Britain that she should not have a pound
of our cotton, you would find a nation naked for
the want of clothes, and you would find paupers
perishing for the want of food, and the people
at huge poor for the want of money. We have
it in our power to assail the interests of Great
Britain whenever we choose Why we should
involve ourselves in an entangling bargain of
this kind I cannot well understand. Generalk
Washington said, " Friendship with all nations,
entangling alliances with none." If this is an
enterprise worthy of the age, let Great Britain
connect the different portions of her dominion
together. If it is one in which we arc interested,
let American enterprise rise above anything like
being dependent on any Pow&r on earth, and
embrirk in the undertaking with the money which
can be .contributed by the citizens of the Union.
If we wish to use it, we can have it. If it is
worthy of our interests, we can have it; and, if
these gentlemen think it is so important that they
should lay down this telegraphic communication,
let them uo so, and lot commerce avail itself of it
as far as it is the interest of commerce to do so.
It is said wo have already contributed to make
these explorations, i hope, Mr. President, the
tune will never come when we shall not be will-
ing to embark our ships in any contest with any
Power on earth to explore the southern and the
northern seas, and to set all nations an example
in making geographical, submarine, and ail other
disclosures which may aid the interests of man-
kind; but I have no idea, when we have done
so, that we are to give the advantages of the dis-
covery to any one Power. That I cannot under-
state d.
1 -shall vote against this bill as a novel policy.
I shall \<M against it because it has been inaugu-
rated by private individuals. I shall vote against
it because it will subserve the interests of specu-
lators. I shall vote against it on the surety that
the sparse planteis throughout the United States
will never use this line. When used it will be by
a combination of speculators and capitalists in
Great Britain and this country, with a common
interest to make a sacrifice of the agricultural
portion of this country.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr, President, 1 am very
anxious to get a vote on this bill to-day. I shall
therefore not protract the debate further than to
remark, that the honorable Senator from South
Carolina objects upon a new ground to this bill,
namely: that it is a compliance with indications
by individuals designating a policy for the Gov-
ernment to adopt. The fact is true, sir; but it is
not a new suggestion or indication that we are
following. There was an American citizen who,
in the year 1770, or thereabouts, indicated to this
country, to Great Britain, and to the world, the
use of the lightning for the purposes of commu-
nication of intelligence, and that was Dr. 1' rank-
1m. I am sure that there is not only .no member
of the Senate, but no American citizen, however
humble, who would be willing to have struck out
from the achievements of American invention this
