424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
company for their own interest and the benefit of
the whole world. The world will use it exactly
in proportion as they exercise fairly, and equally,
and upon moderate terms the communications
which they wish to make. That is the interest of
the world, and that is the interest of the com-
pany. There 1 want to leave it. I can enter into
none of these bargains for fifty or sixty years'
annuities to be paid. I see no reason for that.
If they want aid—if they want a premium, let
them say so, and let them show that it is to our
interest so to contribute, and T will be for dealing
liberally with this great purpose.
You say the experiment is a hazardous one,
and that the hazard of the expense ought not to
be entirely thrown on the heads of individuals.
In answer to this I may say, it is for the cxpected
profit that individuals undertake to invest their
money in such enterprises. They ought to have
studied it well; they ought to have known what
they were about. But I say, again, if Governments
choose to assist it for the purpose of diminishing
their risk or hazard, I would not object to that;
but let us not give our aid in this form, not by
alliances between Governments and companies,
leading to constant disputes, and making the
thing less desirable and less useful, in my humble
opinion, than it would be if you were to leave it
dependent on the interest and wisdom of the
company who have hazarded their money upon
its succcss.
"With these views, I should be glad if the bill,
as 1 before moved, had been recommitted, that it
might undergo revision. It certainly requires
revision. The generality of the language em-
' ployed may lead to different constructions and
ambiguities which ought not to exist. You say,
for instance, that you will " contract" to furnish
a ship. Why contract anything about it ? That
is to go from us; that is a bounty on the part of
the Government; and what use for a contract,
when you afford assistance gratuitously ? You
•want no contract about it. The President of the
United States is authorized to aid this under-
taking by furnishing a vessel or two vessels to
lay down the came; and yet this bill lias it that
the President may "contract" to furnish this aid.
There is no use for such language. It is inap-
propriate to the case. I desired that the whole
bill should undergo the revision of the committee.
I shall not renew that motion. I have been over-
ruled, and I do not wish to protract any longer
this discussion.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to protract the debate, for I am in favor
of the bill, and I desire to see it passed; but I feel
compelled to say a few words on the subject.
It seems to be conceded on all hands that there
is no constitutional objection to the passage of
this bill, and the arguments against it have re-
solved themselves into considerations of expe-
diency solely. "We may differ as to the expe-
diency of passing the bill; and I have therefore
noted, with a great deal of care, the objections
taken in the debate on this point. I noticed par-
ticularly those from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] which were
characteristic of the position he occupies before
the Senate as chairman of that committee. I will
briefly notice these objections, to show how slight
they are, and how immediately they vanish on
investigation. The first was the great probability
of the cable parting in laying down the .wire. I
understand the Government is not liable if the
parties do not succeed in the enterprise; and this
removes the objection. The sccond was, that we
shall pay more than our dispatches are worth.
Who knows it? Who knows what the dispatches
will be worth? Contingencies may arise in the his-
tory of this country when a single dispatch may
be worth $5,000 a woifl, or ten times that sum.
Another objection, one made by the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Butler.] was,
that this was simply a mail service under the sur-
veillance of Great Britain. That is not tenable.
The authority given in the bill to the President
to contract with the parties, includes the power
of contracting on conditions; and v/e must sup-
pose lie would be recreant to his duty if he were
not hi "onlraet that all dispatches by, or to the
Government of the United States, should pass
tliiii'igii its confidential agents alone. The sys-
tem would be worse than useless; it would be a
great injury to us if your communications were
to pass through any other than our own confi-
dential agents; and as a matter of course the Pres-
ident would so contract. I had drawn up an
amendment for that purpose; but when I saw
that there was in the bill ample power for the
President to do that, I refrained from offering it.
Mr. PUG-H. The bill has been so amended
as to limit it to the propositions already made by
the British Government.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware just passed
embraces the provision of the amendment I had
intended to offer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There has
been no vote taken on the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. MALLORY. If we decline the proposi-
tion made to us by this company, what is to pre-
clude Great Britain from acquiring the right of
exercising a surveillance over both termini of the
line ? And in the exercise of this power, imply-
ing a knowledge of every dispatch sent over it,
we can readily perceive the blighting- influence
she might at pleasure exercise upon our public
affairs. Sir, 1 understand my friend, the chair- j
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, speaking
of it as a war measure, to say that the interests
of the two cofintries will preserve peace, and no
device of this kind will save us from the perils ji
of war. I concede it; but this is one of those ji
measures which multiply the interests of the jj
country, which bring the cotton-planters of his
State, for example, within twenty-four hours of i;
the great markets of Europe. It will take the ■
profits heretofore shared by the cotton speculators ,
of Europe, and place them at the door of the :■
cotton-planter; who at all timesduring lus grow-
ing crop will have power to know what his crop i1
is worth in the markets of Liverpool, which
govern the markets of the entire world. ,i
As a war measure this project is hardly worthy 'j
of consideration. Warwillputan end,asa matter
of course, to all these stipulations. The project 'j
conceived by the Senator from Ohio of neutral.2- ij
ing one portion of the American continent was, I j'
presume, introduced for the simple purpose of ;!
killing the bill; but certainly not with any idea that j ]
Great Britain would ever consent to neutralize '■)
any portion of Newfoundland, or the other side >!
of the continent, for our accommodation in the ;
event of war. She has, in a recent postal treaty j
with France, stipulated expressly that each party j
shall have one mail steamer across the Channel, ij
which shall not be molested or interrupted during
war; but I know of no similar concession that Ij
she has ever made, and certainly she never would jj
make one of this kind. jj
My friend from Illinois spoke of fishing this ij
cable up. He has not probably looked to the '!
details of the soundings made by our own sea- J!
men, and to the fact that this wire will sink jj
some foot or more—we cannot tell certainly— j!
beneath the sands of the ocean. The idea of "
fishing in between seven hundred and fifty and
nineteen hundred fathoms of water, with an "
anchor, for this chain, is certainly novel, if not '.i
untenable. Ij
American genius, sir, has discovered the prin- ji
ciple, and devised the means, as I conceive, of ji
belting the world instantaneously—of sending the Jj
principles of American freedom, in the language j
of Shakspeare,around the globe. In thisattempt ,j
to unite two continents, we are gravely debating ,1
whether we will accept the boon or not, for it is ij
a voluntary one ! The trifling sum of money is i
so small that scarcely a Senator here objects to '!
it as a money consiiieiation at all. That does ,;j
not enter into our calculations. If there be any- li
thing said on the subject, it is surprise that wo^j!
are to get the advantages, as we suppose them to !
be, for so small a sum of money. I shall vote e
for the bill. ji
The PRESIDENT pro Umpnre. The question '<
is on the amendment of the Senator from Dela- :
ware. j
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 move to amend the bill by 'j
inserting in the nineteenth line.af'er " tlio United ij
States," the words " and the citizens thereof;" 1
and in the twenty-third line, after '* Great ferit- ij
ain," the words *■'and the subjects thereof;" so
that the proviso will read: jj
Proriued further, That tile United States and the citi-
zens thereof shall enjoy the use of the said submarine tel-
egraphic communication for a period of fifty yean on the
same terms nud condition* which shall he stipulated in
favor of the Government Oi'real linlam and the subjects
thereof, m the contract, See.
Mr. SEWARD. There is no objection to that,
I think.
Mr. RUSK. It only malces plain what is in-
tended.
Mr. BAY A1U3. That amendment may lead
to this incongruity: there is a stipulation that
each Government is to have priority, the one
over its subjects, the other over its citizens; and
I understand this amendment will come in con-
flict with that provision.
Mr. TOUCEY. Not at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment was proposed by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] on which the question was not
taken, to insert the words " by furnishing not
exceeding two ships" in the sixth line.
Mr. SEWARD. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I do not rise for the purpose
of making a speech, but to state in a few words
the reason why I cannot vote for this bill. The
bill contains various provisions to secure the
parties who are to construct this line of telegraph,
but not one word requiring any stipulation on the
part of the British Government that we shall
have the use of it. The bill provides that the
company shall secure to the Government of the
United States, and to the citizens for fifty years,
the use of this telegraph upon the same terms
that the Governmenfand subjects of Great Britain
have the use of it; but I inquire what guarantee
have you that these constructors can fulfill their
stipulation : May not the Government of Great
Britain at any time cut off your communication?
What security have you except the goodwill of
the ruling power of that nation ? I do not place
much confidence in the love of nations for one
another. I believe it is governed altogether and
is measured always by their interest. When it
shall become the interest of Great Britain in peace
or war to interrupt the communication on this
line of telegraph by the citizens of the United
States or by its Government, it will be cut off.
I was pleased in general with the proposition
made by the honorable Senator from Ohio to
require, as a preliminary to the payment of any
of this money, a stipulation on the part of the
British Government that the Contract which you
are about to make with the men who are to con-
struct that line of telegraph may be carried out,
and shall be carried out, with the consent of
Great Britain, during the time of its continuance.
I look upon this as I would upon any line of
communication within the Territories of Great
Britain that might be as important to us as this
line of communication across the ocean. We
are almost as much interested in a telegraphic line
from any port to which our ships sail, to any
other commercial port in 'Europe, as we are to
this. Great Britain controls both the termini. It
is, so far as her power is concerned, precisely the
same as if within the limits of her own islands;
and, therefore, I say that before we connect our-
selves with an enterprise of this sort, we should
have a security from '.he Coveimnent that will
eventually have the control of it, that we shall
enjoy the benefits for which wc contract. I am
unwilling to enter upon any enterprise of this
sort within the limits of a foreign Government;
and I am equally unwilling to enter into a eon-
tract by which we shall advance the money of
this Government for the construction of a line
which eventually will be in the control of a fpr-
i eign Government as much as if it was within its
r home territory. At the same time,if we, had the
ti necessary guarantees that this contract would be
; allowed to be executed on the part of Great Brit-
ain, 1 should have no objection to it; but as it is
i I cannot vote for the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
'[ and the amendments made -as m Committee of
;j the Whole, were concurred in. The bill was
1 ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
ij was read the third time; and on its passage,
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays;
j and they were ordered.
'! Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, before the vote
il is taken, I wish to state very briefly the reasons
