1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which will induce me to vote against the bill. If
I supposed that the use of this telegraphic line
would be of any importance to the Government
of the United States, I should not hesitate to vote
the money from the Treasury which this bill de-
mands. 1 suppose, however, that in fact the title
of the bill does not disclose its true purpose. It
proposes an appropriation of §70,000 annually,
for the use by Government of this international
telegraph. But I apprehend that the Government
of the United States will have very little, if any, in-
terest, as a Government, in the use of this line of
• telegraphic communication. I have heard no fact
stated which shows that theGovernment,as such,
has any such interest; and I do not find, on re-
ferring to the communication which has been sent
to us by the President, that there is any intima-
tion that any branch of the Government will find
it useful. There is dead silence on that subject,
as there is, indeed, in regard to the whole mat-
ter, except so far as to communicate a letter from
the president and directors of the company ap-
plying for our aid, and a letter from a British offi-
cial connected with the Treasury of that Govern-
ment, stating the terms on which Great Britain
will make such a contribution as is asked from
us. That is all. I learn from these communica-
tions, that the capital assumed as necessary for lay-
ing down this line is about .£350,000, or something
more than a million and a half of dollars. The
British authorities, which undoubtedly will make
great use of it, because her colonial possessions
will make it necessary, or at least convenient for
them to avail themselves of this telegraph, are
willing to give .£14,000 sterling per annum, which
is four per cent, on the whole capital, for the Gov-
ernment use of the work. The proposition here
is, that the Government of the United States shall
give an equal sum; so that it is proposed that the
two (jrovei mucins shall give eight per cent, on the
assumed capital of the company for the use of
the lino by the two Governments respectively.
Possibly the sum furnished by Great Britain
may be no more than a fair equivalent for her use
of that telegraph; but I apprehend that the Gov-
ernment of the United States will have no such
necessity for its use. I think so, not merely
because there is a perfect silence in the execu-
tive communication on the subject, but because,
from what I know of the operations of this Gov-
ernment, and the wants of the different Depart-
ments, it seems to me impossible that any but
two Departments will ever require the use of it;
and very rarely, I think, will it happen that either
of these will stand in need of it. The State De-
partment will not trust its diplomatic communi-
cations, 1 think, with this line. Secrecy is indis-
pensable generally, at all events to the interchange
of diplomatic communications; and it will be im-
possible to secure secrecy by the use of this line.
If a message could be transmitted secretly and
confidentially as far as the coast of Ireland, there
are various other channels necessary before a
communication could reach its desired end. I
do not know how many, but it must pass to Dub-
lin, thence to Holyhead, and from Holyhead
through two or three other intermediate stations
to London. Nor can I conceive of any case
where the Navy Department would use it at all,
except occasionally when it may be desired to
send an order to the captain of some national
ship, who may be at Plymouth or Portsmouth,
or somewhere else on the British coast, who may
be directed occasionally to depart from previous
orders. I am satisfied that the State Department
will make scarcely any use of it; and I think the
Navy Department will be equally free from any
necessity for using it.
J do not think, therefore, that the title of the
bill truly discloses the purpose of the appropria-
tion. I take it that the true object is to contribute i
money from the Treasury of this Government to j
establish an incorporated company whose objects 1
are purely commercial; and whether those" pur- i
poses will be of such great value to the country i
as is imagined, I doubt. I assume that the asso-
ciated press will pay a considerable sum of money
for the transmission of daily reports of the con-
ditions of the markets, and the whole country
will avail itself of that information without paying ,
anything for it. I doubt whether individual !
merchants and others, in their communications j
to their correspondents abroad, will often employ ;
this telegraph to the extent which seems to be I
expected. The rate of charge must necessarily
be high. I haye heard it stated that it is pro-
posed to establish a tariff of a dollar a .word.
Now, if it were proper for this Government to
invest its money in an affair of this sort, for the
benefit of the commerce of the country, I might
perhaps be induced to vote for it; but we have
not heretofore been in the habit of expending
public money for such a purpose. If wo have
done so, we have concealed that purpose under
a cloak. We have affected to find some great
special interest of the Government, as such, under
which it has been covered; as when we estab-
lished the Collins line of steamers, and the other
lines of oceanic steamers to Europe, we were told
it was very important to our naval defense that
•these steamers should be built. It was proposed
to build them under the superintendence of offi-
cers of the Navy, and in such a way as to be
readily convertible into war steamers; and we
were assured that this would be the most eco-
nomical way of sustaining a steam navy, for the
purposes of naval offense and defense. It
under that guise these projects were carried
through Congress. I do not believe that, at the
time the laws passed voting money to these dif-
ferent lmes of steamers, anybody here would
have advocated them except under that idea.
Hence the contract which bound the owners to
sell to the Government, in case of need, at a valu-
ation provided for. We have no such motive in
this case for patronizing the Atlantic telegraph.
In time of peace it will be nearly useless to us;
and in time of war with Great Britain—almost
the only European Power with which we are
likely to come in contact—it will be unquestion-
ably useless to us, while exceedingly beneficial
to her. It may be considered intra-territorial,
for both termini are within the limits of Hntish
territory; and I can conceive that it might be put
to uses exceedingly pernicious to us.
Then I am not disposed to vote money for a
telegraphic line which, while it must be useful to
England in a possible condition of things, no mat-
ter how remote, will be of 110 benefit to us at any
time, and may, under supposable circumstances,
be positively injurious; and I am no more dis-
posed to appropriate the public money for the
purpose of establishing what is merely a com-
mercial affair, and which should, therefore, be left
to commercial enterprise. The money which the
British Government propose to give is entirely
independent, I believe, of any connection which
the United States Government may enter into
with this company. They propose to give an
annual sum, equivalent to four per cent, upon the
capital of the company. Doubtless the use of the
line by individuals will give them, with the Gov-
ernment subsidy, a very fair return for the use
of,their capital. It is not necessary for us. The
line will be laid, without our cooperation, by the
commercial interests which have prompted it.
We can, on the few occasions when it may be
desirable, use it as individuals may; and T prefer
such use of it to any Government contract, for
which there is no reason in the necessities of our
public affairs. The project of connecting, by a
magnetic telegraph, two contmerBs, separated by
a mighty ocean, is certainly bold and striking;
but we should not, because our imaginations are
struck by a scheme of such novdty,so honorable
to practical science, and so illustrative of the prog-
ress of the age, forget the restraints upon public
expenditure, which should be limited to the public
uses. The Treasury of Government should not
be chargeable with subsidies to any scheme of
commercial or public utility, unless the Govern-
ment has a corresponding interest in its advant-
ages.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Such is
my repugnance to this measure, that I feel it to
be my duty to say a few words in addition to
what I have already said, before the vote is
taken._ The bill provides that " the Secretary of
State, in the discretion and under the direction of
the President of the United States, may contract
with any competent person or persons, or asso-
ciation, for the aid of the United States," &c.
Now, I do not know that the present incumbent
of the White House is a very good trader, nor
do I know that his Sccrctary of State is a good
trader. I have a high opinion of the President;
I have great regard for him, and I have nothing
to say against his Secretary of State Nor do I
know that the-incoming President, Mr. Buch-
anan, is a good trader. Who his Secretary of
State may be, I do not know, nor do I carc much,
lie and his Secretary are to trade with unknown
companies, with unchartered companies, with tin
individual or an association of individuals, and
to advance to them the capital of the nation.. To
this I object. It is perfectly ridiculous and un-
principled; at least it strikes me so, however it
may appear to other Senators.
It reminds me of a circumstance which hap-
pened in my State: There was an old man bjr
the name of Tom Arnold, in Kentucky, who was
clerk of the Bourbon county courts, and he took
it into his head that he would turn an honest
penny by loaning money at ten per centum, ami
as much above that as he could get. He sent an
agent out over the country to dispose of his funds.
After one excursion his agent came back, and he
asked him: " Who did you lend that last money
to? " " Oh! " said he, "IlentittoJabezVigus.
" Great God ! " said he, " lent it to Jabez Vigus!
My money is gone; a man of that name never can
and never will pay." Jabez Vigus never did pay
him; and Tom Arnold died grieving the loss of
that money. [Laughter.] Here you propose to
authorize President Pierce and Secretary Marcy,
or Mr. Buchanan and his Secretary of State,
whoever he may be, to give to Jabez Vigus the
amount of money stipulated in this bill, and we
are to pay it without taking any security or any
promise of a return.
I do' not desire to consume the time of the
Senate, but it seems to me that through all this
flummery and talk about a war measure, every- £
body must see that this is a job —that the bill
gives the President patronage to tradeoff to Tom,
Dick, or Harry, for any foolery that may be got
up, for this amount of money. Who is to get
the contract? Is there any chartered company
applying fur it, here or in England? This is a
proposition to give the President and Secretary
of State so much money, to go off and make a
bargain with nobody knows whom, or where,
or in what time, or in what wayij and it is with-
out any responsibility in the world. It is nothing
but a bill to give away money under that guise.
It is not even lending the money to Jabez Vigus;
it is giving it to him.
Mr. BUTLER. -My friend from Delaware,
fMr. Bayard,! who has been culled away, asked
mc to pair oil with him, and therefore I shall
refrain from voting. Ho is in favor of the bill j I
am against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 29, nays 18;
as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bel! of
Tumnsfsw;, Benjamin, Brodiiead, Brown, Colltimcr, Dod^e,
Douglas, Ourkee, Fe^endon, Fish, Foot, Foster, Hou?ton,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mailory, Pratt, Rusk, Sownrd,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toueey, Wade, Wilson,
Wnsht, and Ynlcc— 29.
NAYS—Mvs-sr-i. Bi gs Clay, Crittenden, Evans, Fitz-
patnek, (Jeyer, Hunter, lver on, Mason, Pearce,
Pujzii, Rnd, rthdull, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
TiumlinU, and Weller—18.
So the bill was passed.
COMPULSORY TESTIMONY BEFORE COM-
MITTEES.
During Mr. Crittenden's remarks, a message
was received from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Cleik, announcing that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 757) more
effectually to enforce the attendance of witnesses
on the summons of either House of Congress,
and to compel them to discover testimony.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand it is necessary
that the bill winch has been received from the
House of Representatives should be acted on
immediately, if at all; and, therefore, I ask my
friend from Kentucky to yield the floor, so as to
allowit to be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not wish to give
to my few remarks such importance as might be
given by recommencing a speech.
Mr. J3UTLKR. I do not wish to interrupt
my friend except so long as is necessary for the
reference of the bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the bill will be taken
up by general consent and passed at once without
a reference.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will yield the floor
so as to allow the bill to be referred.
