426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. STUART. Is it desired to refer the bill?
Mr! BUTLER. It might as well be passed at
once if there be no objection.
Mr. STUART. I insist on its being referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MALLORY, in the course of his remarks,
yielded the floor to allow the bill to be reported,
back.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back House bill
No. 757, more effectually to enforce the attend-
ance of witnesses on the summons of either
House of Congress, and to compel them to dis-
cover testimony. The committee recommend
that the bill be put on its passage at once. It is
important with reference to some investigations
which are being conducted by the House of Rep-
resentatives. I presume there can be no objec-
tion to the bill, and I hope the pending business
will be laid aside informally, by unanimous con-
sent, that this bill may be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a motion to consider the bill by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I think that the bill had better
go over till to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A single ob-
jection prevents the consideration of the bill now.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. "Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
the following bills:
An act for the relief of the heirs of General
Arthur St. Clair; and
An act to procure a bust in marble of the late
Chief Justice John Rutledge.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK.
Mr. IVERSON. It will be remembered by the
Senate that the bill to establish a naval depot at
Brunswick, Georgia, has been laid aside for two
days by the telegraph bill. Of course I do not
desire at this late hour of the day to ask for the
consideration of the bill, but I wish to move that
it be taken up now, in order that it may be made
the special order for Monday morning next, at
half past twelve o'clock. To-morrow and Sat-
urday are private bill days, and I wish this bill j
made the special order for Monday, at half past
twelve o'clock, so that it may not again be shoved
out of its place. I think it will take but little
time on Monday to dispose of the bill. I hope
we shall get through with it by one o'clock on
that day. My first motion is to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I now move that it be post-
poned to Monday next, and made the special
order for half past twelve o'clock, on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 22, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
JThe Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in reply to the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 22d ultimo, calling for
statements of the amount of money paid, and
liabilities incurred, for the pay, support, and other
expenses of persons called into the service of the
United States, in the Territory of Kansas, either
under the designation of the militia of Kansas,
or the posses summoned by the civil officers in
that Territory since the date of its establishment;
also, statements of the amounts paid to marshals,
sheriffs, and their deputies, and to witnesses and
for other expenses in the arrest, detention, and
trial of persons charged in said Territory with
treason against the United States, or with viola-
tions of the alleged laws of said Territory; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President, trans-
mitting reports from the Secretaries of War and
the Treasury, in response to the resolution of
the House of the 5th instant, requesting the Pres-
ident to inform the House by what authority a
Government architect is employed and paid for
designing and erecting public buildings; and also
for placing said buildings under the supervision
of military engineers; which, on motion of Mr.
Ball, was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds^and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the
House requesting information as to the public
buildings at Ogdensburg, New York, for a cus-
tom-house, &c.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, a communication from the Treasury
Department in reference to the contingent ex-
penses of that Department; which was laid upon
^th%table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act authoriz-
ing the legal representatives of Pascal L. Cerre
to enter certain lands in the State of Missouri;
when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported as truly enrolled an act for the relief of
James P. Fleming, of Augusta, Georgia; when
the Speaker signed the same.
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill, for the purpose of reference only.
Mr. ORR. I would inquire of the Chair what
the regular order of business is?
The SPEAKER. It is the consideration of a
motion to lay upon the table a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House adopted the
following resolution:
J. W. Simonton having appeared at tliebdr of the House,
according to its' order, and the cause assigned for the said
contempt being unsatisfactory: Therefore,
Resolved, That the said J. W. Simonton be continued m
close custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms, or, in his absence,
by Mr. William G. Flood, during the balance of this session,
or until discharged by the further order of the House, to be
taken when he shall have purged the contempt on which
he was arrested, by testifying before the committee.
Mr. ORR. Then I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to lay upon the table the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood that the yeas
and nays were ordered upon that motion yester-
day.
The SPEAKER. Not upon the motion to lay
upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope it will be voted
down, so that we may reconsider the vote.
Mr. ORR. I call for the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I wish to inquire
where the man js who was yesterday before the
House—whether he is now in custody or not, and
if so, by what authority?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question
properly before the House at this time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I respectfully suggest
to the Chair that it is properly before the House.
It is a most pertinent question to know whether
the party, upon whom we are about to pass sen-
tence, is in custody or out of custody.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms in-
forms the Chair that the person arrested and
brought to the bar yesterday is in his custody.
Mr. ORR. And he cannot go into his custody
under the direction of the resolution until the
resolution shall have been finally disposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will withdraw the motion to lay
upon the table, and let us see if we cannot recon-
sider, and then amend the resolution, and take a
test vote upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ORR. A motion to reconsider would be
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. ORR. If there is a majority of the House
who desire to reconsider, they will vote against
the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Before that vote ia
taken, I want the prisoner to be brought to the
bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms in
forms the Chair that the accused is present and
in his custody. The question recurs upon the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; upon which the yeas and nays are called.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the'affirmative—yeas 115, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bell,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragm, Cumltack, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davits, Dean, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundfcon, Emne, Flagler,
Henry M. Fuller, Giddings, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Hodges, Ilolloway, Thomas R,
Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Letter, LindJpy, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Milison, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Parker^. Peck, Peiton, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Shorter, Simmons,
Spmner, Stewart^ Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells,
Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolhcof-
fer—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Allen, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop, Boeock,
Boyce, Branch, Brenton, Brooks, Burnett, Caskie, Cling-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cohb, Cox, David-
son, Day, Dunn, Edwaids, Elliott, English, Etheridge,
Evans, Faulkner, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Valentine B.
Horton, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Keitt, Kennett, Kidweli, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Mace^ Maxwell, McMulIm, McQueen, Moore, Morrison,
Mordecai Oliver, Paint', Porter, Powell, Pur>ear, Quitman,
Reade, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Swope, Talbott, Walker, Watkins, Wheelei, Wins-
low, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—78.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the call,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that he
was detained from the House yesterday by reason
of* sickness
Mr. FLORENCE. I was not within the bar
when my name was called. Had I been, I should
have voted in the negative. I desire to say fur-
ther, with the permission of the House, that I
was absent yesterday morning when the vote was
taken upon the resolution proposed by the select
committee; and I desire to say, that while I will
vote to pass a law to force a witness to testify, in
the absence of such Jaw I could not have voted
in the affirmative. ["Order!" "Order!"] I
have said all I desire.
, The question recurred upon the bill reported
by the select committee more effectually to en-
force the attendance of witnesses upon the sum-
mons of either House of Congress, and to compel
them to give testimony.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STANTON. With the consent of the
gentleman from Maryland, I desire to say that
the object I had in view in making the motion to
recommit the bill to the select committee has
been accomplished. The bill has been printed;
I have examined it, and am satisfied with it; and
I therefore withdraw the motion to recommit.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: that, by the adjournment of yesterday,
this bill went to the Speaker's table, for the rea-
son that a bill of this character was not privileged
as a report of the select committee. Not being
a privileged question in its introduction into the
House, and the House adjourning while it was
under consideration, as a matter of course it
went to the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit will
in ordinary cases enable the bill to be retained
before the House. In this case, a motion to
recommit was pending.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. When the person
was brought to the bar of the House yesterday,
I had stated all that I desired to say in reference
to the first section of the bill. Since then, the
committee have carefully revised the language of
the bill, and have endeavored to make it more
precise. They have, therefore, varied m some
respects the first section,-and have appended to
the second section the provision suggested by
