1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Mr. Ritchie, a member of the committee. I am
now instructed to offer this as a substitute for the
bill introduced yesterday.
The substitute was reported, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and! House of Representatives
of the United St at a of America in Congress assembled, That
any person summoned as a witness? by the authority of
either House of Congress to give testimony, or to ptoiluce
papers, upon any matter before either House, or any com-
mittee of either House of Congress, who shall willfully
make default, or who appealing shall refuse to answer any
question pertinent to the matter of inquiry m consideration
before the House or committee by which he shall be exam-
ined, shall, in addition to the pains and penalties now ex-
isting, be liable to indictment as and for a misdemeanor in
any court of the United States having jurisdiction thereof,
and on conviction, shall pay a fine not exceeding one thou-
sand dollars, and not less than one hundred dollars, and
suffer imprisonment in the penitentiary not leas than one
month nor more than twelve months.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That no person exam-
ined and testifying before either House of Congress, or any
committee of either House, shall be held to answer crim-
inally in any court of justice, or subject to any penalty or
forfeituie, for any fact or act touching which he shall be
required to testify before either House of Congress, or any
committee of either House, a* to which he shall have ics-
tified, whether before or after the date of thw act; and that
no statement made or paper produced by any witness be-
fore either House of Congiess, or before any committee of
either House, *.hall be competent testimony m any criminal
proceeding against such witness in any court of justice ;
and no witness shall hereafter be allowed to lefuse to tes-
tify to any fact or to produce any paper touching which he
shall be examined by either House of Congress, or any
committee of either House, for the reason that his testimony
touching such fact or the production of such paper may
tend to disgrace him, or otherwise render him infamous :
Provided, That nothing in tins- act shall be construed to
exempt any witness from prosecution and punishment lor
perjury committed by hirn in testifying as aforesaid.
Mr. MILLSON. I greatly prefer the substi-
tute just offered by the gentleman from Maryland
to any of the propositions before the House. It
relieves me of many objections which I had to
the original bill, and to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cohh.]
But \ would make a single suggestion to the gen-
tleman. It is this: that he would strike out the
word " penitentiary, "and insert instead the words
"common jail." [Cries of" Oh, no !"] I will
give the reason for it 
The SPEAKER- The gentleman from Mary-
land asks leave to submit the amendment which
has been reported as a substitute for the bill be-
fore the House. It can only be received by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. WALRRIDGE. I object, because I am
opposed to the whole principle.
Mr. MILLSON. I beg the gentleman from
Maryland to hear a single word of suggestion.
It is this 
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What I have to sug-
gest precedes any other suggestion. My object
is to get this substitute before the House. I ask
why it is not before the House? Is there a mo-
tion to commit pending ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to commit is pend-
ing. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H.
Marshall] moved to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then I appeal to the
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw his mo-
tion to commit until this amendment be offered
by the gentleman from Maryland, and thereby
get over the solitary objection made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan.
_ Mr. H. MARSHALL. I withdraw the mo-
tion to commit.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I offer what
has been read as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I now renew my mo-
tion, that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to report at any
time.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit must
be in the usual form—a motion simply to commit
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MILLSON. This bill, as well as the
original bill, proposes, very properly, to make
this offense a misdemeanor. A misdemeanor is
an offense simply because it is piohibited by law.
. It is not an offense in the nature of things. It is
malum prohibitum, and is never punished by in-
famous punishment. The punishment of a mis-
demeanor by imprisonment is always imprison-
ment in the jail. The offense of felony is always
punishable by imprisonment in the penitentiary.
Now, then, it is manifestly inconsistent—as I
trust the gentleman will perceive—to declare the
offense first to be only a misdemeanor, and then
i to subject the offender to the punishment applied
j only to felonious offenses. That is the simple
suggestion which I had to make; and if the
change be made in the bill, it will remove every
objection which I have to the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Mary-
land pardon ine a moment? I desire to suggest
the propriety of adding a third section to the bill,
which will make it the duty of the Speaker of
the House, or of the Clerk of the House, to report
to the attorney for the District of Columbia any
failure that may occur here under the law, in
order that a prosecution may be instituted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the
alterations made in the bill by the committee were
confined simply to making the language more
precise, in order that there might be no difficulty,
if a case should arise, in knowing cxactly what
the courts have to pass upon. The only alter-
ation in the first section of the bill is to substitute
for the language, " if a witness shall refuse orfail
to discover the facts and circumstances," the
words " shall fail to answer any question," in
order that there might never arise a question as
to whether the witness had held back a part of
the circumstances, and only discovered a portion,
and so as to confine the judicial inquiry to the
fact whether he had willfully refused to answer,
leaving to him entire freedom as to the kind of
answer he shall make to the question. The mod-
ification of the second section is only the addition
of the proviso moved yesterday by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,] providing
that nothing in the act should exempt the party
from prosecution for any perjury committed in
course of such an investigation.
The first hcction of the bill confers no sum-
mary power on any tribunal; it increases no
power now existing in any committee, and con-
fers no power to be exercised either by the com-
mittee or the House. It makes a mere substitu-
tion of a judicial proceeding for the ordinary
proceeding by attachment by a parliamentary
body. It substitutes a definite punishment for an
indefinite punishment. It substitutes an efficient
punishment for an inefficient punishment. It
substitutes the quiet formality of judicial pro-
ceeding in lieu of the irregular proceedings which
occurred in this House yesterday, in attempting
to exercise such jurisdiction as is necessarily in-
cident to any parliamentary investigation. It
places in the court power to punish according to
the gravity of the offense, and does not make it
a question of time in relation to the beginning or
the end of the session, whether the party shall
be confined one day, one week, ten months, or
two years, without any sort of reference to the
merit or demerit of the party, and depending
entirely on the accidental time of the duration of
the Congress at which he may be called upon to
testify. I presume, therefore, that it does not
inflict any burden on the citizen; that it throws
guards around him; that it causes punishment to
be more equitably measured out according to the
gravity of the offense, and makes it more sure
than any punishment thatcan be indicted by this
House. In addition to the great security of the
rights of the citizen, it remov<'.\ him from the
passions and excitement of this } fall, which may
affect the duration of the punishment, and makes
the question a matter of calm judicial consider-
ation and reflection, to be passed upon by a jury
of his countrymen, and not in this arena, where
partisans may frequently, in political questions,
carry into the measure of punishment their party
hostilities. So much for the first section of the
bill.
The second section is one of a different com-
plexion, and intended to meet difficulties pn>vail-
«ing chiefiy on this, and somewhat on the other
side ofthe House. There are, in the oidinary ad-
ministration of criminal justice, certain methods
resorted to in order to acquire evidence by the
executive department of the Government. When
an accomplice is placed upon the witness-stand,
he is there so placed continually with the declar-
ation of the executive Government beforehand,
that if he shall fully and fairly disclose all the
circumstances relative to the crime, he shall not
be prosecuted for any fact that he may reveal
himself to have been a participator in. The first
portion of the second section is intended to grant
a parliamentary pardon beforehand to every wit-
ness who, on the summons of the House or a
committee, shall appear before them and testify
to any fact of which he may have been guilty;
otherwise there is no mode by which a pardon
can be granted. The committee has no power,
the Executive lias no power, both Houses of
Congress have no power to grant a pardon before-
hand. It is to remove the obstacle to the inves-
tigation of parliamentary corruption by offering
in this solemn way to the parly beforehand, on
his being summoned in order to give testimony,
a parliamentary pardon for every criminal act
that he may disclose himself to have been guilty
of. I presume that there can be no reasonable
objection to that, since it is an ordinary method
used by the executive department of the Govern-
ment in ordinary prosecutions, and the admin-
istration of criminal law. It is here that there
are greater inducements than anywhere else for
concealment, greater incentives to fraud, and
greater interests at stake. The purity, dignity,
and existence of the Republic, demand that every
fear should be taken away from the mind of the
witness, in order that he may honestly and freely
explain and disclose everything touching him-
self as well as any other person.
The second clause of the second section at-
tempts to accomplish another purpose—a purpose
which, in my judgment, is already accomplished
by the existing parliamentary law in daily prac-
tice in the Parliament of England, but whicn has
not hitherto been practiced upon here; and there-
fore, should the committee come to this House,
and ask it to enforce what they regard as the ex-
isting parliamentary law, we should be instantly
met by the difficulties prevailing so widely ana
so justly, perhaps, on the left of the House, as to
whether there is any parliamentary law govern-
ing this House other than such as it has adopted,
or which some act of Congress shall have laid
down beforehand. The rule of parliamentary
law in England is, that every witness called before
a committee of either House, or before the lower
House, is not exempted from answering any ques-
tion, though it may tend directly to criminate
him before the criminal courts of judicature in
the realm, or to subject him to a civil prosecu-
tion, or render him otherwise infamous. That
is the rule with reference to theordinary judicial
proceedings in England. It is the rule here with
reference to judicial proceedings. It is not tha
rule with reference to parliamentary investiga-
tions, where other interests are at stake—where
the very existence of the Republic may depend
upon coercive power to compel the disclosure of
every fact that may rest m the mind of any
witness. Whilst the law of England will allow
no man to criminatc himself, and will compel no
man to criminate himself, as a consequence, when
if. removes a party from under the ordinary pro-
tection of the law, it provides that no fact to which
he shall testify shall be given in evidence in any
judicial proceedings for the purpose of convicting
him of any offense.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I would ask the gentleman
whether the fifth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States is not in opposition to the
views he advances? That amendment declares,
though it says nothing of his criminating him-
self, that no man " shall be compelled in any
criminal case to be witness against himself.
The inquiry I wish to make is, whether if com-
pelled to answer an inquiry which would throw
infamy upon lum, he would not be called upon
to bear witness against himself?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland. I will answer the
gentleman from Mississippi when I reach the
proper point of my argument.
I have now explained, I trust intelligibly, the
views that the committee had in bringing these
sections before the House. On the one hand,
the parliamentary law takes the party from under
the protection of ordinary law, and compels him
to disclose every fact whether it do or do not
tend to show that he has been guilty of a crime;
and on the other hand, it disables every party,
and every instrument of evidence, from going
, into the Court of King's Bench, and there testi-*
: fying to a fact which the party may have himself
| confessed before a committee, or a House of Par-
j liament. In that way it accomplishes the exact
purpose of the ordinary administration of jus-
tice—throws a legal protection around a party
against a legal prosecution,'who, for great na-
tional and public purposes, is compelled to wake
