4 90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
by fine and imprisonment; and while the fine is
not limited, unless by that term of the Constitu-
tion which prohibits excessive penalties, the im-
prisonment may be extended to the very end of
the constitutional existence of the House. These
points are fully decided in the case of Anderson
vs. Dunn, reported in 6 Wheaton. The power
rests on the necessity of the case, and bribery,
corruption, &c., are the very examples selected
by the Supreme Court of the United States tp
illustrate the necessity for the power to reside in
the Houses respectively. Still, sir, if it is the
desire of this House that cumulative penalties, to
be administered by the judiciary after our exist-
ence as a Congress shall have terminated, shall
be provided against recusant witnesses who have
been called before congressional committees, as
the law is to be a general one, let it be considered
by a standing committee, and take the usual di-
rection of legislation. If it be the wish of the
House to act upon the bill with expedition, the
Judiciary Committee could be directed to consider
this bill immediately, and to report upon its pro-
visions. That committee would undoubtedly
esteem it their duty to follow the sense of the
House as to the order of business, and would
return a bill at the earliest moment practicable.
Nothing has transpired that I know of to require
this hot.haste to pass this bill, without even
having it printed, and without an hour for an
ex&millation of its contents.
1 suppose it would not be contended that the
necessity for this law appears from the case which
has just been concluded by the commitment of a
witness.for contempt. Is not that witness pun-
ished ? Will he not continue to be in custody of
the Sergeant until he yields to the authority of
the House, or until the House itself dissolves?
What facility will this law afford to compel him
to testify, if he persists in refusing? Ah! but
gentlemen say he will be indicted after the House
adjourns, and will be fined and imprisoned under
this law. That may or may not be. Possibly a
question may arise, so far as he is concerned,
whether Congress can call a witness to testify,
and finding him recusant, from whatever reason,
can pass a law within twenty-four hours there-
after, then repeat the experiment with him in the
pending investigation, and should he still refuse,
punish him under the new law so provided.
Possibly, Mr. Speaker, the court whose aid Con-
gress intends to invoke, may take a different view
of your power in this regard from that which
seems to prevail here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Suppose this law is passed
to-day, and th at to-morrow or next week this same
man is brought before the committee and declines
to answer: does he not come under the law?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I think he would not,
in all probability.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not for his refusal here-
after ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I was saying that the
court might take a view of the case differently
from that which prevails here. No ex post facto
law shall be passed, says the Constitution. Now,
you bring forward a witness and demand that he
shall testify to a point propounded to him by your
committee: for reasons satisfactory to himself, or
from sheer defiance of your authority, he declines.
You at once legislate to meet his case, and you
make a law to impose such a penalty upon the
commission of the act of which he has been guilty
as will force him to answer. You recall him be-
fore the same committee, in the same proceeding,
and put to him the same question. He still de-
clines to answer. You propose tb punish him,
now, after the fact, under a law you made for his
case, and to compel him to testify. The provis-
ion in regard to ex post facto laws might have ap-
plication to such a case, and I think it would have
under a variety of views. As an example, sup-
pose I receive a confidential communication to-
day, of such nature that I am not bound legally
to 3isclose it as testimony before a court; this
evening I am called before a congressional com-
mittee and requested to tell it; I refuse; to-mor-
row you pass the law to punish me if 1 do not
tell in a case exactly covering such a communi-
cation as that J received, arid you again call upon
me to disclose; I still refuse: would your penal-
ties apply to my case? Surely not; because I
received the communication legally under confi-
dence, which legally I could retain. Your law
altering my duty as to the disclosure would be
ex post facto, though I might not be called a second
time until after it was passed. Thai isr/ty opinion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am supposing a case to
occur after this becomes a law, and then a party
is brought before the committee, and refuses to
answer. Suppose I commit an assault and bat-
tery, and there is no law to punish me; then a
law is passed punishing like offenses, and the
next day I commit another assault and battery:
cannot I be indicted under that law?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It is well worthy of
consideration whether it is proper, upon the part
of this House, to legislate for an extreme case,
or to make a general law to affect a man whom
they desire to reach. If there were any argu-
ment which would induce me to halt upon my
steps, to consider what I am, about, it would be
that this seems to be a call for rapid and unusual
legislation, in order to embrace the case of an in-
dividual.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky where he finds the authority in
reference to the ex post facto law?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I merely rose for the
purpose of indicating to the House the general
views which induce me to desire that this pro-
posed law shall be referred to a proper standing
committee of the House. I am perfectly willing
that that committee shall have instructions'to sit
during the sessions of the House, to consider the
law at once, and to report as soon as possible.
Mr. WALKER. I should lilje to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky this question: If I
understood the gentleman's argument, it indi-
cates a settled opposition on his part against this
bill; and, if so, it seems to me that the House
ought to act on the old maxim, " Never commit
a child to an unfriendly guardian." I ask the
gentleman whether he is not opposed to the biN
m every form and shape ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will state to the
gentleman very distinctly that I am not opposed
to the bill in every form and shape; on the con-
trary, if the bill can be framed so as to meet the
exigencies of the public service, and to harmonize
with our system of laws, it shall have from me
every assistance that friendly intelligence can render
to it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I understood the gentleman
from Kentucky to say that there was no power
to pass such a law. He argued that it was an ex
post facto law; asserted that there was no power
in Congress to pass a law which would have a
retrospective effect; and stated that any such law
would be null. I do not agree with the gentleman
that this is an ex post facto law. This act will
apply only to future refusals to testify. It is not,
then, retrospective. But I wish to ask the gen-
tleman on what grounds he makes such an asser-
tion? In the Constitution of the United States
there is a provision in relation to prohibiting ex
post facto laws, so far as they relate to States. It
is a prohibition imposed upon States. No such
prohibition is imposed or rests on Congress; and
the Supreme Court of the United States has again
and again decided that it is competent to pass
laws which are retrospective in their operation.
I could refer the gentleman to multitudes of cases,
coming up from the States in which State laws
had been passed, which were retrospective in re-
lation to vested rights. I want to know where
he gets his authority for the assertion that Con-
gress has no authority even to pass a law which
shall be retrospective ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I might be very well
content to leave the question of the gentleman
from Louisiana to its own commentary. I am sure
that if cannot answer the question "yes, or no,"
and I presume nobody would therefore take it for
a leading question. He may either take the an-
swer as yes, or no. I said nothing here about
Congress not having power to pass laws retro-
spective in their character. The gentleman very
well knows that there is a wide distinction drawn
between an ex post facto law, and a law merely,
retrospective in its operation.
Mr.,TAYLOR. I ask where the prohibition
is, in reference to ex post facto laws ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Iam disinclined to be
put through all the learning which I may have—
it is very little—on constitutional points, and I
may not be able now to refer to anything in the
Constitution of the United States in reference to
an ex post facto law, which would satisfy the gen-
tleman from Louisiana. But (opening the Con-
stitution and reading therefrom) the Constitution
of the United States says that no writ of attainder
or ex post facto law shall be passed; that the pro-
vision of habeas corjnis shall not be suspended un-
less in case of rebellion. Now, my friend from
Louisiana seems to understand by that, that Con-
gress can pass a bill of attainder, but that the
States cannot. That is not my reading of the
instrument; it is not the manner in which I
learned it. His idea is (I suppose from his argu-
ment) that Congress has the right to suspend the
habeas corpus, but that the States cannot.
Mr. TAYLOR. I see I was mistaken. I was
reading section ten, of article one, and had over-
looked the paragraph in section nine. It was
the prohibition in section ten of the first article
of the Constitution upon the States, as to the
passing of laws impairing the obligation of con-
tracts, which was in my mind. That is the re-
striction which is imposed on the Legislatures
of the States, and not upon Congress, which I
had confounded with the other as to ex post facto
laws, which is imposed equally upon both.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Now, sir, without
indicating, on my part, any hostility to a bill of
this nature—although this seems to be intended
to affect an individual case—and while I am pre-
pared, on the contrary, to say that I am desirous
that a bill should pass which would contribute to
the honor and dignity of this House, I still do
not wish to pass a law which is to operate every-
where, unless that law shall have been properly
and maturely considered. If the House will re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
bill, or if the House will now proceed to consider
it clause by clause, without the aid of an investi-
gation by a committee, I will withdraw my mo-
tion to refer, and go into its consideration, clause
by clause, perfect it, and pass it. I intimated to
the House at the commencement of my remarks
that the first section of the bill would put a man
into jail for twelve months for refusing to answer
the questions put to him by a congressional com-
mittee on one subject as well as another, no
matter whether it relates to the purity of the
House, or to some contract, political agitation,
public printing, or something else.
Let us look a moment at the second section of
the bill. The statute-book of 1854 contains a
law (see Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 171, see.
6) providing that a member of Congress of either
House, or any member of this Government in any
of its departments, who shall be bribed, or who
shall receive compensation or reward, or promise
thereof, for his vote in any matter pending before
Congress, shall suffer confinement in the peni-
tentiary for three years, and shall pay a fine four-
fold of what he received. You have in that same
law a clause that any man who shall offer com-
pensation, bribe, or reward,in order to influence
a vot in this House on any matter, shall, in like
manner, suffer fine and imprisonment in the pen-
itentiary. Then, so far as the actors in this cor-
ruption are concerned, there would seem to be
complete jurisdiction transferred to a court of
justice, and adequate penalties provided. Now,
then, your witness is called upon to testify.
Why do you not impose the penalty on that
witness, if he refuses to testify before the court of
justice, that you impose upon him if he refuses
to testify before a congressional committee? If
your object is to detect and punish corruption
and crime by the sanctions of a general law, why
shall not that law compel the witness to testify
before the court where the indictment shall be
pending, as well as before a congressional com-
mittee where no penalty beyond the expulsion
of the member can be inflicted ?
Well, again, your congressional committee ex-
amines a witness under your law. He testifies,
and you expel the member; a grand jury indicts
the member of Congress for receiving a bribe.
The man who offers the bribe goes before the
court of justice, and there he refuses to testify,
and says: " I will not testify because it will crim-
inate myself." Your law does not coerce him-—
Mr. ORR. Wc do not want to coerce him.
Mr". H. MARSHALL. Your law is one, then,
to expedite examinations before Congress and to
enlarge its powers, and not to promote the ad-
ministration of justice ?   
Mr. ORR. Thig is to enable Congress to purge
