488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
to strike it down, and the proposition grows out |
of the exiffencies of a particular case; for the I
honorable Senator, in the remarks which he has j
made, ail mits—what everybody knows, and what
it would be tireless to deny—that this measure,
pressed upon Congress in such hot haste, grows
out of the exigencies cf a particular case.
I am ready to meet that case, but I am not
ready to meet it with these extraordinary pro-
visions. I am not r«ady, because the authority
of the House of Representatives has been defied,
rightfully or wrongfully, to trample down those
principles which I believe ought to be preserved,
and which are essential to the protection of the
rights of individuals. Sir, if you come to narrow
this bill down to the single case for which you
have made it, it is utterly impossible, it is utterly
futile. Does Sly man suppose, that when an in-
dividual has taken his stand, chosen his position, \
and made His issue, you can drive him from it by
such pains and penalties as these? No, sir. All
you ought to do is to make a temperate bill; a
bill such as is to be applicable, not only to this
case, but to all cases,and to fix such punishment
and such penalties, as the wisdom of Congress
may deem proper and appropriate for this and for
ail cases, for this and for all coming time; legis-
lating from our wisdom and our experience, our
calm and sober judgment, and not from the
lesentment and passions of the hour, which may""
have been excited by what we may consider, and
probably justly consider, to be a wanton and in-
solent deiiance of the l'ightful power of the House
of Representatives. 1 am not going to say that
that is not so. If the representations which I
have had of this case be correct, I believe the in-
dividual whom the House have in custody is in
the wrong, and the House of Representatives is
in the right; but I believe that if you pass this bill
the position of the parties will be changed, and
you will magnify this man into a martyr and a
hero, and he will bid defiance to you.
li' there is any man ill the world who has an
inteiest ill h ivine' this bill passed—if ally one
wishes to make fame, or reputation, or money out
of it, it is the man whom the Seigennt-at-Arms
of the House has in custody. Pass this bill, and
you magnify him intoa hereof the press at once.
Severe as have been the denunciations of the
press hv the Senator from Georgia—and I am
not going to deny them, for I think they hit very
well a good many presses, if not all—just as tlicy
may be, the press is aa institution notwithstand-
ing- It has a hundred eyes, and a thousand
tongues. 11 sees and hears and dashes; and what
we are <ovmg here to-day goes with the light-
ning's i'asn all over the country. The press will
hv—ll wiil live as Ion* as Congress do"«, and a
day al'ur. The pve-s wdl record our dissolution
one day or other, notwithstanding what we may
say of it; and, sir, the hero of the press will be
the mail against whom the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, ill the year of grace 1857, arrayed
themselves, and undertook, by a bill of these
pains and penalties., ;o put down. That, I think,
wili be the end of it.
-Now, why can you not recommit the bill to the
Judicial yO immutee, and give them a little more
tune than just to mn out behind your chair and
whisper there so that you had to rap to them to
hold their tongues while they were consulting?
Give them a little mnre tiale, so that they can
take it to their room and prepare a full, not for
this case, but for all case.-,—not for this time, but
fur el! tunes—one that shall commend itself to
the judgment instead of to the resentment of the
Senate and House of Representatives.
For the-; ■ l-oasons I am opposed to the measure.
Tt is no idle declamation i make, when I say I
mn wd'uig to go as tar as any man can rightfully
go to enforce the authority of the House of Rep-
resent, itives and the Senate, though I did think
once that 1 una r would vote to punish any man
for a eo.ivinpt of the Senate. We undertook it
once, and I will tell you the result of it. You
renumber, Sir, -.'una mm committed a flagrant
breach of o.n ;,niMi'ges by publishing in one of
the New Yu;k papers a treaty pending before vis
in executive sesoion. We arrested the man that
furnished it, one of the " millions of the press,"
as they have b< en styled. We took him into
custody, and I will te'I you how we punished
lutn, "I'lie m ntient he was arrested, manyastute
men sprang up, and .uioii'-d the power and
authority and precedent for doing it. The result j i
was, that the Sergeant-at-Arms took him to his j j
house, gave him the best room in his house, tj
the best meat and the best liquor that the city i
afforded, and boarded him, and we paid the bill. J
[Laughter.] He sued out a writ of habeas coi-pus, ;
and we paid a lawyer of this city five hundred ;
dollars to go before a judge and tell him that we ,
had a right to hold this man. We held him, I •
believe, until towards the close of the session, I
and then let him go, and footed the bill. That
was the end of the only serious attempt that I ;
ever knew to vindicate the Senate against a breach !
of its privileges. I
Mr. TOOMBS. It will always be the end until
you pass a law.' j
Mr. HALE. The end will be worse when 1
you pass this law. If you pass a temperate law,
you will do better; and I will tell you what law
I would have. I would have a law making a :
neglect to answer under the existing laws a con-
tempt, punishable, if you please, by fine and im-
prisonment; but I would not go a step further. I
would not go as far as to subject a man to the
penalty of answering before a committee of the 1
House what he is not subjected to answering ;
when he appears before the Supreme Court of
the United States. I would give him, when he
appears before your august bodies, all the pro-
tection he has w'hen he appears before your judi-
ciary. When he appears before your judiciary, |
! he is not protected by the suggestion which the
honorable Senator saj-s he understands, and
which I have understood, the witness makes in 1
this case, that he is not bound in honor to dis-
close. That never was a defense, and it is not a
defense now. It is not a defense before a court,
before Congress, or a committee of either House.
But if he says, not wantonly, but honestly, when
summoned before any of these august men who
have occupied high judicial stations in their own
States before thcytome here—whether the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia is one of them or
ij not, I do not know  j
j Mr. TOOMBS. No; I never was on the bench. 1
I Mr. HALE. You ought to have been. When i
! any of these men are sitting in that high capacity, \
|i and a witness comes before them and says, " I
;i cannot answer the question without criminating
myself, or disgracing myself," the courtis bound
j to let him go—and it ought to let him go. 1
i! Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
'j tell me his authority for that position, where the 1
11 question is pertinent to the issue? I know there -
! are conflicting decisions, but I believe the better
opinion is, that a party cannot protect himself
! from answering in a court of justice, if the inquiry
! is pertinent to the issue, on the ground that it will
! disgrace him, if it does not subject him to pun-
| ishment. If it does jiot subject him to criminal
; punishment, the mere degradation or disgrace
i will not be sufficient, in a court of justice, to
excuse him from testifying. In any case of that
I kind, there would not be the slightest doubt that
: lie would not be protected in a court of justice.
| Mr. HALE. So I said. The honorable Sen-
!> ator from Delaware asks me where I got the
authority for the position that a witness will be
protected from answering to a matter which dis-
■ ! graces him. J-Ic will find it in the very authority
1 he has before him, (Greenleaf on Evidence.)
li Mr. BAYARD. I will read it.
j1 Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator need not
• read it to enlighten me, as I have read it. I know
! there have been conflicting opinions on that point,
but that is not the wing of the argument I was
e upon. I said thatif the witness stated the answer
'! would tend to criminate him, the judge would be
;l bound to let lum go. This bill steps over that,
j! it in fact says that there shall be no protection.
!i Although the witness says, " I cannot answer
l: without criminating myself," this bill says, "You
i shall answer, although it may criminate yourself;
i you must eliminate yours.df; if you do not, we
,i will criminate you, and we will make the very
;< fact that you refuse to criminate yourself a crime,
■j and subject you to imprisonment for twelve
months ill the penitentiary."
It may be widens a general proposition to make
such a provision; but I put it to Senators—I ap-
| peal to Senators, and ask them if this is the time
| or the occasion to ingraft such an important in-
! novation on the law? I believe it is not. I
; believe that everything which is necessary even
under the case as it now exists, to vindicate the
authority of the House of Representatives in its
fullest extent, will be to say that a refusal to
answer a question to a committee of either House,
which under the existing laws a witness would
be compelled to answer before any judicial tribu-
nal in the land having cognizance of the same
matter, shall be a ciime, and you may punish it
with exactly the pains and penalties you put in
this bill; and when you have done that you will
have met this case.
As the honorable Senator says, there is no pre- '
tense that the answer which it is alleged the
witness gave in this instance would protect him
in a court. I believe that he made no such issue
as that, and contended for no such privilege,
i But the bill goes beyond this, and steps over
i this, and overrides the privileges which, I think
! ought to be preserved. If gen tlemen will amend
i the bill in that way, and simply say (and it seems
i to, me if they want nothing but the enforcement
' of their own authority it is all the House ought
! to ask) that a refusal of a witness to answer
j before a committee of either House a question
I which he would be compelled to answer before a
| judicial tribunal, shall be contempt, punishable
i if you please in the way this bill punishes it, then
| it will meet no opposition from me; but until you
| do that I cannot vote for it. I cannot be driven,
! no matter how others may be, by the force of
| circumstances to vote for a vicious principle; and
I believing the bill in its present shape embodies
I it, I must vote against it.
j Mr. BAYARD. I certainly do not think this
I bill is molded exactly as I would prefer; there
! are some provisions in it about which I have
j doubts; but I do not, under existing circumstances,
' mean to interpose any objections to its passage,
though I believe it will require modification here-
after.
Nor do I think, sir, that the objections raised
by the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
to the passage of the bill, are tenable in them-
selves. As far as I am able to appreciate them
distinctively, they are but two: one is, that the bill
is ex post facto in its natuie, but in what respect is
not pointed out to us. I admit that no witness
who has been called and questioned, and refused
to answer, previous to the passage of a law of
| this kind, will be liable under its provisions; but
! if, after the bill be passed, any witness, whether
previously called or not, is called before a com-
i mittee of the House of Representatives or the
j Senate, or before either body, and a question is
| put to him, and he violates the law of the land, to
] punish that is certainly not ex post facto legisla-
\ tion, and by the refusal to answer he would be
; liable to the provisions of this act. Nor do I
i think, Mr President, the time has yet arrived in
■ this country when any man is to become a hero
i by resisting the laws of his country. I have no
1 fears of that.
i The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
j is pleased to bring the press into the matter. I
do not see that it has any connection with it. I
' can find no line, no word in the bill which has
i any relation to the press. It is a general power
| of punishment given in order that Congress may
I be able to inquire into matters which, otherwise,
t under existing laws, they" will not be able to reach.
It is true it so happens that the necessity of the
passage of such a lav/ has arisen from communi-
cations made through the press; but because the
. communication was mnde through tiro press, and
'! because it so happens that the individual who
■ I may have been examined before the committee
i: of the House, and may have shielded himself for
II the want of a law compelling him to answer, is in
i j the employment of the press, is that any reason
!l for supposing this bill is leveled at the press? It is
leveled at any man and every man who, being
i cognizant of any corruptions on the part of any
e member of Congress on any subject into which
; Coneress pleases to inquire, shall refuse to give
- testimony before a committee, in order that the
'! guilty party may he brought forth and sentenced.
! I think the moral spnse of the country will sus-
1 tain a bill of that kind. _
:| 1 believe there are, as I have said, things which
i! require modification in the second section. I
1 a^ree in part with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
'I Trumbull.] It may require modifications, but
1 they can be made hereafter. There is nothing
1 m tiuU second section whith the cowls, when
