1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they come to pass on any charge under the, bill
against a party by way of indictment, cannot
correct if it goes too far, though it would bo bet-
ter, perhaps, if it had been differently worded.
The next objection of the Senator from New
ftampshire, on which he seemed to lay great
stress, was that the object here was to compel a
man to answer to that which would degrade and
disgrace himself before the House of Represent-
atives, when he would not bo compelled so to
answer according to the course of the common law
in our courts as justice is generally administered.
I have already stated that I knew of 110 such rule.
There has been a conflict of opinion, but the bet-
ter opinion I think is as I have stated. The bill
provides for punishing a witness who shall re-
fuse to answer any question " pertinent" to the
matter of inquiry under consideration before the
House or its committee. If he refuses to answer
an irrelevant questipn, he is not subject to the
penalties of the bill. The question must be per-
tinent to the subject-matter, and that will have to
be decided by the courts of justice on the indict-
ment. That power is not given to Congress; it
is given appropriately to the judiciary. If ho
refuses to -mswer a question pertinent to tho in-
quiry under consideration, he becomes liable to
the penalties of the bill; not otherwise. What
is the principle of law ? I will read the position
as I think it is unanswerably stated by the ele-
mentary writer from whom the Senator quoted
—Greenleaf 011 Evidence, section 454. After
discussing other questions connected with ex-
empting witnesses from answering in a court of
justice, he says:
, " Wliere the answer, though it will not expose the wit-
ricss to any criminal prosecution or penalty, or to any for-
feiture of estate, yet has a direct tciukncy fo degrade his
iharaeter. On this point there has been a great diversity
of opinion, and the law still ictnains not perfectly settled by
authorities?. Rut the conthetof opinions may he «om«'\vhut
reconciled by a distinction, which lias been very pioperly
taken between cases wheic the testimony i< lclevant and
mateual to the ismio, and o.isea where the <]ii<vtton i^ not
strictly relevant, but i* collateial, and i.s asked only under
the latitude allowed in cro-f-exammation. In the former
case, theie seems great absurdity in excluding the testi-
mony of a witness, merely because it will tend to degrade
ihuriself, when others have a direct interest m that testi-
mony., and it is essential to the establishment ot then rights
of property, or even of liberty or of life ; or to the course of
public justice. lTpon such a rule, one who had been con-
victed, and punished for an offense, when called as a wit-
ness against an accomplice, would be excused from testi-
fying to any of the transactions in which he had participated
with the accused, and thus the guilty might escape; and,
accordingly, the better opinion seems to be, that where the
transaction, to which the witness in interrogated, forms any
part of the issue to be tried, the witness will be obliged to
give evidence, however strongly it may rellect 011 his char-
acter."
I think I have stated correctly the rule of the
common law, and that is the rule of reason,
founded on large experience. There may be
conflicting authorities. This hill violates no right
of that kind. Exemption is given, by the express
language of the second section of the bill, from
tiny liability for disclosures which a witness may
make under it. It requires that when he is ex-
amined on a matter of fact, or asked to produce
a necessary paper, he shall not shield himself on
the ground that it may disgrace him or render
him infamous. Of course that is subject to the
proviso that the question shall be pertinent to the
issue, in the language of the books. Is not this
all reasonable and right? Can you in any other
mode get at these charges of corruption which
have been floating through the country for years
past, which have at last gone into the press, and
assumed such a specific form that it becomes ab-
solutely incumbent, if the Congress of the United
States means to retain the confidence of the peo-
ple of the country, that it should thoroughly
ferret out these allegations, and if there are men
in either branch capable of selling the authority
which their constituents have confided to them,
for dishonorable and disgraceful purposes, or for
purposes of pecuniary emolument to themselves,
these men should be exposed end condemned.
Every one knows such charges have been made
not through the press alone—they are rife in the
^streets of "Washington from hundreds of men,
'vand it is time an inquiry should he made.
Without some law of this kind wc have found
all previous efforts of inquiry futile. Now the
charge is brought home so as to shock the sense
of Congress—brought home by a witness who
deliberately tells them, "i have been offered a
bribe by two members of your body, but it is
against my honor to disclose the names of those
men who have asked me to do an act disgraceful
to myself as well as to them." Sir, I can hardly
understand the confidence implied in that. "When
a man comes to offer to me a proposition which
is dishonorable in itself, he can hold me to no con-
fidence whatever, unless I am foolish enough be-
forehand to say to him, " No matter what you
tell me, I promise I will never disclose it." 1 trust
I should never be guilty of such ridiculous cre-
dulity as that in regard to any man. Without
such a promise I cannot understand any implied
confidence arising from the fact that a man makes
a proposition to me which is dishonoring and
degrading to me if i accept it, and even dishon-
oring and degrading to me that he should have
dared to make it. I therefore hold, sir, that in
the particular case which has given origin to
this bill, and has broughtit specifically before the
people as well as before Congress, action becomes
necessary. In order to render that action effect-
ual^ bill of this sort, though it may contain pro-
visions which 1 should wish differently molded,
is primarily necessary to be passed. 1 shall, there-
fore, though I would desire to see it amended in
some respects, interpose no objections to the
passage of the bill, i. trust it will pass the Senate
as it came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I entirely
agree with the Judiciary Committee and the Sen-
ators who have spoken, as to the importance of
some amendment of the laws touching the pres-
ent question; but I havo considered for myself
whether, under the pressure of the exigency
which is supposed to require the passage of some
bill immediately, I ought to vote blindly for a
bill which abridges the rights and liberty of the
citizen without seeking to amend it so as to Have
those liglitt; nnd that liberty from danger. The
result is at least that, whatever n\ny he my final
vote on the bill, I consider u my duty to suggest
amendments which are required by tin: spirit of
our institutions and by. regaid for the rights of
the citizen.
In the first place, I call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that this bill makes it a mis-
demeanor for any person to refuse to answer any
questionwhich is pertinent to any inquiry before a
committee of Congress, it need not be a material
question; it may be a frivolous question; it may
be a trivial question; it may be an inquisitorial
question. 1 shall propose to amend the bill
by inserting, after the words u answer any," the
word " material;" so that it will read, " any per-
son who shall icfuse to answer any material ques-
tion," &c.
I call the attention of flic Senate to another
feature of this bill. While providing that it shall
constitutes misdemeanor to refuse to give testi-
mony materia! or immaterial, provided it be per-
tinent to any inquiry before either House, the
bill makes no reservation about the character or
nature of the subject which may be pending
before the Semite or House of Representatives,
so that it may be a subject over which Congress
has no jurisdiction. I t may be foreign from ail
the provisions of the Constitution; it may be a
local question; it may be a State question; itmay
be a peisonal question; it is not necessarily a
public question. To be sure, I shall be answered
that great legislative bodies will not institute in-
quiries into matters which are foreign from their
jurisdiction. That may be so, generally, but it
is not always true.
Mr. P AYARD. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the honorable Senator. It is a rule of law
very well settled, that if there is no jurisdiction
over tho subject-matter, the proceeding is void.
In such a ca^e, of course, a courtofjustice would
decuh; that the witness could not be compelled to
answer for want of jurisdiction.
Mr. SEWARD. The bill dors not provide
that, but is broad and general. It is, that who-
ever shall make willful default or refuse to answer
any question pertinent to the issue under consid-
eration before a committee or either House, shall
be guilty of misdemeanor. 1 think State rights,
as well as the rights of citizens, are involved.
The honorable Senator's reply to my objection,
by implication concedes its force, and there can
be no harm in amending the bill so as to save all
doubt and danger on that subject.
When the honorable Senator from Delaware
interrupted me, 1 \va«> on thy point of saying that
as a general fact legislative bodies? will not be
expected to transcend their jurisdiction; but I do
not think we can rely on that expectation, be-
cause we have a complex Constitution. .The
jurisdiction of the Federal Government is fira*
lted and special,and a large part of all the affairs
of Government in this country are devolved' on
other Legislatures than the National Congress.
The history of legislative bodies shows that, con-
stituted as they are, especially in a republican or
free country, there is a tendency at times to high
political excitement.
I have been a member of the Senate when I
was but one in a party of three. I have been a
member of the Senate for a period of four or five
years, 1 think, when there were not Senators
here agreeing with rne in opinion, sufficient in
number to call for the yeas and nays in this
House. 1 have been a membel* of the Senate
when the question was agitated whether the po-
litical principles and opinions which I was sup-
posed to entertain did not justify my expulsion
from the body. I have seen a Legislature in
France usurp the whole Government. Historic-
ally we know that the Democratic branch of the
legislature in England refused and denied to the
people of the Middlesex district the choice of a
member of Parliament, and voted into the vacant
seat a man who received but two hundred and
fifty voles, against the clear votes of a^ompet-
itor who received one thousand three hundred.
The realm of Great Britain was convulsed with
alarm and apprehension of a dissolution of the
Government by reason of that tyranny. The
greatest of English statesmen laid down his life
m the effort to recall the British Parliament to
the pipjxenution of the rights of its constituents
111 that very case—1 allude, as you all know, to
Lord Chatham, the last speech of whose life,
nnd the speech which is supposed to have cost
his hie, wax made on the subject of the exclusion
of John "Wilkes.
These things may not happen here,'and I do
not think they will happen to-day or to-morrow.
I do not think they are going to affect me or any-
body with whom I have associated, if they shg.il
happen. I have 110 fear that I shall ever be here
again without sufficient numbers around me to
protect and defend our common rights under the
Constitution. But this bill, if it is to become a
law, is to stand, for aught 1 know, for a hundred
years, for two hundred years, for five hundred
years, and if it is right I hope it will stand for a
thousand years, I think that now is the time to
make it right. Therefore 1 propose to the Senate
to mseit, after the word " inquiry," the words,
"within  he constitutional jurisdiction of Con-
gress, or of either House of Congress."
I call the attention of the Senate to another
featuie of the bill, which is, that it dispenses with
and subverts and destroys all the privileges of wit-
nesses allowed by the common law. I will state
a case which may hnppen under this bill. It is an
extreme case, but it is a case which is possible.
The J fou: e of H ("'preventatives has the power of
impi achne-nt. It may itn pen oh t lie Preside nt of the
United Siatea,or the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, or any other executive or administrative
ofliocr. Under this law, when it shall have been
passed, the wife of the President of the United
States, or the wife of the Chief Justice of the
United States, may be summoned before a com-
mittee to give testimony to impeach and convict
and degrade that magistrate. I put this case of
high functionaries, not because I think Presi-
dents or Clin f Justices ought to be favored or
protected, but simply for the reason that, claiming
to be aR"pubhcaii and a Democrat in my prin-
ciples, life, and conduct, I claim for the humblest
citizen of this countiy that protection which
ought to be given by law to the highest magis-
trate or otiie< r of our Government. With these
views I shall offer this amendment, to come in at
the close of the first section:
Providedj Thai this act shall not be construed so as to
depnve any \\ nn'^ ol' «-ueh privileges as are allowed to
witne-.^-f. by tlic mleo 01 the common law.
Mr. (J.VYARD. I admitted before that I
thought this bill might have been better molded
in sumo respect*, though not exactly in those
particulars to winch the honorable Senator from
A'ew York 1ms called the attention of the Senate.
In my judgment, the word " material" is utterly
umiecestary, because '' pertinent" inoudcs it.
