1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44*
atelv send for the man; and if he were to say to
us,I put you at defiance; you have no law to
indict me; I will go before the court, and X feel
that I can go before a court in a part of the com-
munity where the opinion is in -my favor, and
claim a verdict of exemption from punishment;"
will' you tell me any political body could exist
on terms of that kind ? I say we have the power
of self-protection.
-This bill really restricts instead of enlarging
our privileges, if Congress, acting under the deriv-
ative powers of the Constitution, as we neces-
sarily do, is to be reduced to that. I say, on the
contrary, that Congress should proceed at once
to make exhibitions of people of this- kind; it
should be not only an exhibition for the news-
papers, and for discussion upon the right of Par-
liament to punish, but 1 should wish to see the
time come when—like the hardy English law,
the common law—wc could punish a man so that
he should feel the force of your law. Until you
do that, you will find this class of people escaping
with impunity.
This man—I do not know who he is—says
that he will not answer because it will implicate
him. Men are not likely to be approached unless
they are approachable. How came lie to be ap-
proached m preference to other people ?
I will vote for the bill—not that 1 think it a
perfect one, but it ought to be passed; and what
js more, you will never have any respectability
in Congress until you do, as I have done some-
times on the bench, put a man in jail and keep
him there just as long as you choose.
Mr. SEWARD. I proposed, Mr. President,
to amend this bill before it be passed. The re-
plies which are made to my propositions are,
first, that the amendments are unnecessary, be-
cause the bill is not defective in these respects.
This is what is said by a portion of the friends
of the bill; and by another portion it is answered
that the bill is defective, and ought to be amended
in these and in other respects, but that any attempt
to amend it would endanger and defeat the bill.
In regard to the hazard of defeating this bill, the
case stands about in this condition: There were
twelve votes against it, and one hundred and
eighty-two in favor of it, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and it had its three readings in one
day.
Air. TOOMDS. The Senator is out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg the pardon of the
House of Representatives for getting out of order
by alluding to their proceedings, and thank the
honorable Senator from Georgia for vindicating
their privileges.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not their privileges, but ours;
it is against our rule, not theirs.
Mr. SEWARD. I was led into that (the hon-
orable Senator will excuse me for saying so) by
the quite unparliamentary remark of his, that the
bill was in danger of being defeated. I withdraw
from the House of Representatives, and I will
not say again that the House of Representatives
lias passed the bill by so large a majority as to
indicate a fixed purpose. Now, in regard to the
prospect of its passage in this House: it had two
readings in one day, and I think but one honor-
able Senator [Mr. Haic] has intimated that, un-
less the bill was amended, he would not vote for
it. I think he probably stands alone. No Sena-
tor has spoken against the necessity of passing
some bill. No person (except the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire—and I do not dis-
tinctly know whether he has or not) has declared
n fixed opposition even to this one. I certainly
shall vote for this bill in its present imperfect
shape, if I cannot amend it; and I think that prob-
ably there will not be any vote against the bill,
whatever shape it may take in this House. That
is the judgment I have formed from the temper
which I see manifested all around me. There-
fore there is no necessity for refusing amend-
ments for the purpose of saving the passage of
the bill. It is sure to pass, whether it is right or
whether it is wrong in the respects which I have
suggested.
Why, then, do I propose to amend it? Simply
for the reason that I have always held it to be a
good maxim that whatever was worth doing at
all was worth doing well. Whatever one attempts
to do ought to be attempted to be done rightly.
Whatever laws Congress attempt to pass must
have not only a present, but a future bearing—a
wide one. It is a judicious rule, in regard to
legislation, that all laws shall be thoroughly con-
sidered, and made as perfect as possiGle before
they are passed, and not be left for amendment
after they have been passed.
I will speak now; very briefly, to the three
amendments which I have proposed. The hon-
orable Senator from Delaware thinks the word
" pertinent" in this bill is equivalent to the word
" material." 1 have sent for the law books to
the law library, and I have them before me, but
I have not had time to examine them; but I think
I can say that an indictment for perjury cannot
be sustained if it contains the word " pertinent"
alone, without the word " material," in regard to
the question upon which testimony is given. 'If
so, this is not hypercriticism, but it is a legal
objection which I take to the bill; and the propo-
sition I make is to amend it in a material respect.
I am told by the honorable Senator from Georgia
that the proper construction of the bill, without
any amendment, saves to the person accused the
right of testing the constitutionality of the pro-
ceeding before Congress, and also that it saves
all advatitages to the witnesses except the one
which is taken away in the second section.
Whether this be so or not, can be seen by reading
the first scction of the bill itself. It is very short,
and does not contain more than sixty words:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Representatives
of the Cniteil States of America in Congress assembled, That
riiiy person"—
Are there any privileges reserved to that, per-
son > Does it exempt the wife? Does it exempt
the priest? The terms are universal, broad, and
comprehensive:
any pmson summoned 113 11 witness by tile authority of
cither [louse ot'Cnn;iPss to give testimony, or to pio'luee
[j.ipi'r* upon any r.''
Does the hill require it to be a constitutional
matter? No:
•'flnv matter before other House or any committee of
eitlicir Houf-o of Congress?, who shall willfully make default,
ot who appearing shall retu&o to'answer"—
Any privileged question > No; but
" anv question pertinent to the matter of inquiry hrfore
the ilou^e or committee by which he shall be examined,
shall," &c.
Sir, if the English language affords the terms
which can be no arranged as to subvert and de-
stroy every privilege the common law allows to
a person summoned as a witness by a committee
of Congress, the language of this section does it;
and there is no saving clause in that section, or
in the hill. Upon this simple exposition of the
demerits of the section, I rest my claim to the
amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. I did not intend to say one
word in defense of this bill; I thought the exi-
gency of the case was such that it would pass in
this body without opposition—indeed, without
debate. In that I am disappointed. I do not
doubt the power of either House of Congro.is to !
protect itself, without the conscrit of the other [
House, to any bill of this kind. It is indispens- 1
ably necessary, as a law of self-preservation, that j
each Bouse of Congress, without the aid of the 1
other, should have in itself, and of itself, by vir-
tue of the Constitution, full power to protect itself,
not only against violence, but against a class of
assaults infinitely worse than personal violence.
At the same time, I am entirely in favor of refer-
ring these questions to the courts of justice, for
the reason that we have other and more important
business here than trying an offender; and the
fittest disposition of one is to refer him to the j
courts of justice under an existing law, while the
two Houses may be attending to their legislative
duties.
Now, in regard to this bill, the honorable. Sen-
ator from New York deems it imperfect in not
having in the first clause the word " material;"
but there are m the bill the words, " pertinent to
the matter of inquiry in consideration before the
House or committee'." If any question be im-
material, it is not pertinent to the inquiry. If it
be pertinent to the inquiry,it is material; and
whatever terms may be required ill any indict-
ment, there is no rule which requires that those
terms should be embraced in a law. The words
used in the bill are perfectly synonymous with
those which the Senator proposes to insert.
The objection which he makes that, the bill does
not provide for the protection of the marriage
relation, does not lie.' It is not the privilege of
the party to that relation to take the objection.
If the party proposes to testify, the court will
not allow him or hor to testify to criminate either,
the husband or the wife. It is on the ground of
public policy; and so with regard to counsel and
client. If a counselor, overlooking every obliga-
tion upon him, should volunteer to testify in a
court of justice, whereby the client is involved
who has committed his secrets to him in consul-
tation, a court of justice will not permit him to
testify. It is not the privilege of the witness! it
is the privilege of the clicnt. There is, therefore,
110 necessity for an exception of either of those
relations by this bill, because the bill says,
" shall willfully make default." I hold that a
party in either of those relations could not will-
fully make default; but it would be the duty of
the House or committee to interpose the objec-
tion, and stop the witness, if he or she were a
swift witness, and about to testify, a husband
against the wife, or a wife against the husband,
or counsel against the client.
I concur in the view presented by the honor-
able Senator from Georgia, that the second clause
in the bill embraces every exception that can be
necessary in the present case. But it is said that
that clause is too broad, that it may extend to
cases of crime committed beyond the jurisdiction
of this Government. If a case of that kind should
arise, which I can hardly conceive possible, it
will be an exception out of this bill.
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] has supposed the case of a murder
committed in one of the States. How can it be
pertinent to any inquiry here, to examine into
the parties to that murder? How can it be perti-
nent to any inquiry by Congress, or by cither
House, or by a committee? It is no part of the
duty of Congress to inquire into offenses against
the penal coucs of the different States. It would
be a violent presumption to suppose that any
such ease should arise. If it should there is no
difficulty in meeting it under the operation of this
bill. If there has been bribery here, of any mem-
ber of Congress within this District, it is an
offense cognizable by this Government. The
party may be brought before a court of justice
and may be punished. If a party to any bribery
is himself involved, and is called upon as a wit-
ness, the party is amply secured by this bill,
which provides that, if he discloses anything that
implicates himself, he shall not be held responsi-
ble 111 a court ofjustieo; or if ho produce a paper
against himself it shall not be used against him.
The shield which this bill interposes between the
witness and any criminal prosecution, protects
him perfectly, except only in regard to the dis-
grace.
It is well said by the learned commentator who
has been read, that that is a question upon which
there has been groat diversity of opinion. 1
think the tendency of opinion is very strongly to
hold that it is no objection, whore the question is
pertinent, where it is involved in the issue to be
tried, that, the offender may disgrace himself if ha
becomes a witness, because the party whose in-
terests are at stake has a x'ight to his testimony,
and may call for it. It is not a sufficient answer
for him to say, " I shall disgrace myself if I do
answer." I think that will become the ultimate
law of all courts ofjustieo. Certainly it ought to
be, for 1 am at a loss to consider any principle
upon public policy by which a man's infamy
should be the means of depriving another of the
benefit of his testimony.
It has been objected that this bill makes it the
duty of the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives to inform the district attorney, and im-
poses on the district attorney the duty to lay the
case before the grand jury of the District. That
is doubtless a superaddition to what would other-
wise be the duty of the informing officers. The
moment this is made a misdemeanor by the law,
'there is no difficulty in immediately commencing
a prosecution before the inferior officers, and
holding the offender to bail, or imprisoning him
to appear until a prosecution can be brought in a
higher court. That remedy is not taken away,
but it exists. This bill expressly declares that
the penalty which it provides is superadded to
any penalty that already exists.
! It has been said that this bill is ex post facto. It
; would be if it applied to a past offense; out there.
