442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
cannot be a more groundless objection than that.
There is not a word in the bill that purports to
have any retrospective provision; it is altogether
prospective.
I have said thus much because I have been con- |
nected with the committee that reported this bill. I
I deem it of much higher importance that the bill
should pass promptly, than that it should be
amended in any particular which has been sug-
gested. I hope we shall pass it before we ad-
journ.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I had the mis-
fortune to dissent from the conclusion of my col-
leagues on the Committee on the Judiciary in
relation to two or three of the provisions of this
bill. It is not my purpose to prolong the debate,
but I have prepared a very brief statement of the
reasons why I could not support the second sec-
tion of the bill; and I simply ask that it may be
received as a statement of my views as a minority
of the committee, and placed on record.
Several Senators. Read it.
Mr. PUGH. It is as follows:
The-undersigned, a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, dissents from the recommend-
ation of his colleagues in favor of House bill
entitled " An act more effectually to enforce the
attendance of witnesses on the summons of either
Ilouse of Congress, and to compel them to dis-
cover testimony," reported the 22d instant.
The second section of the bill contains three
propositions, together with a proviso. The propo-
sitions are:
1. "That no person examined and testifying
before either House of Congress, or any com-
mittee of either House, shall be held to answer
criminally in any court of justice, or subject to
any penalty or forfeiture, for any fact or act
touching which he shall be required to testify
before either House of Congress, or any com-
mittee of either House, as to which he shall have
testified, whether before or after the date of this
act;
2. " And that no statement made or paper pro-
duced by any witness, before either House, or
before any committee of either House, shall be
competent testimony in any criminal proceeding
against such witness in any court of justice;
3. "And no witness shail hereafter be allowed
to refuse to testify to any fact, or to produce any
paper touching which he shall be examined by
either House of Congress, or any committee of
either House, for the reason that his testimony
touching such fact or the production of such
paper may tend to disgrace him, or otherwise
render him infamous."
These are nil in alteration of the rules of evi-
dence, according to the common law, as admin-
istered in our courts of justice.
The last proposition is to deprive a witness of
his undoubted privilege to decline to answer any
question when the answer itself would prove him
to be infamous. The undersigned cannot agree
that any tribunal should he empowered thus to
torture a witness, and compel him to the alterna-
tive of perjurv, or exclusion from the regard of
his fellow-men. Our judicial courts have never
found this requisite to the ascertainment of truth,
or the administration of justice. It car) be re-
quisite only to the gratification of a wanton curi-
osity, or of a desire to oppress and ruin the wit-
ness. In the o-tse of a congressional committee,
especially, is such a power to be denied, because
(ho committee i* not confined, as courts are, to a
specifc issue, but may exercise ail unlimited free-
dom of 1 investigation.
The first two propositions are objectionable
also. At common law, no witness can be com-
pelled to answer any question, when the answer
would subject him to punishment, or afford evi-
dence against film m a criminal prosecution.
These [ii oposnions design to take away that priv-
ik-gi , and to substitute (first) an immunity from
runi.shment to the witness for all transactions
thus dtsciosfd, and (second) an exclusion of his
own stateni' iu as evidence in any criminal pros-
ecution. Tile undersigned objects for two rea-
sons:
i. Congress can make 110 law to shield a wit-
, ness from pros -cation in the courts of the several
States, nor prescribe any rule of evidence for
those courts. It cannot give the witness, there-
S'lfj, any equivalent for the common law pnvi-
Ugc of winch tin.' au tki to rltpuve him.
2. The provision will operate, in practice, as
an advantage to those who are most guilty and
least scrupulous, enabling them to escape the
just consequences of their own crime by a be-
trayal of their less culpable associates. It is the
system, too frequently practiced, of granting
pardon to that one of two or more prisoners who
will testify for the prosecution — a system the
mischiefs of which are so enormous as to have
induced a general opinion that the greatest knave
is the first to become the State's evidence.
The undersigned is thoroughly convinced, as
the result of all his professional observation, that
the testimony of accomplices, spies, detectives,
and the like, to secure which, alone, this section
of the bill can be required, amounts to mere
falsehood nine times in ten.
The undersigned is anxious to confer on the
committees of Congress — and especially a com-
mittee like that which it is understood the House
of Representatives has now appointed—all such
powers as are necessary to proper and rightful
investigation; but he cannot consent to arm any
committee with the powers of a court of high
commissioner a court of the Star Chamber, and
far less (as here proposed) with powers which
exceed those claimed by the most arbitrary of
English tribunals.
If the second section were omitted, and a verbal
amendment made to each of the other sections,
the undersigned would give the bill his cordial
indorsement.
Respectfully submitted, g ^ PUGH
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment in line seven, after the word
" any," to insert the word " material."
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this amendment; and I wish to say a single word.
As this matter has come up so suddenly, I desire
here to express my thanks to the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio for the very satisfactory manner
in which he has vindicated the great principle
which I think this bill seeks to override. I hardly
know how to express to him the great obligations
under which I feel as a single individual to him
for the very clear and lucid manner in which he
has set it forth; and I hope that, coming from that
source, this appeal will reach some hearts that I
could not reach, f look on this bill as one of the
greatest invasions of popular right ever attempted
by this Government. I look upon it as entering
upon a war with an individual where defeat is
certain, and disgrace highly probable; I tell you,
sir, that we are treading on sacred ground. We
had better shake off the shoe of prejudice and
passion from our feet. Remember, that when we
undertake to trench on these sacred constitutional
privileges of the citizen, we are—more than Moses
before the burning bush — standing on holy
ground; and I thank the Senator from my heart
for the able, manly, and constitutional vindica-
tion of this great right that he has just made to
the Senate, and which, whatever maybe hisfame
as a lawyer, will add enduring laurels to it as long
as constitutional liberty has a friend left in this
country.
Sir, this is no idle declamation. It is no little
attempt to crush a puny individual. I tell you,
sir, that individual is strong with the shield
of the Constitution, and you cannot roach him
without piercing that, and trampling down every
protection which the wisdom of our forefathers
has erected for the preservation of the rights of
the citizen. With these remarks I am content
"with asking for the yeas and nays 011 the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the tone and
current of remark here have induced me to speak
rather than anything in this bill. 1 have been a
member of the Senate for about eleven years, and
it is not an uneventful chapter in the history of
this country or of my own life, fn those elex-en
years I ha\o ascertained that corruption and
irresponsibility have found their way into the
Congress of the United States, which would have
been rebuked by the hardy morality and the
honesty of our ancestors. Sir, such" a law as
this was not necessary when tiny Government
went into existence, it is only necessary when
stockjobbers, speculators, and pliant imluences
are brought to bear on the Government of the
Confederacy. I am nut one of those who are
afraid to trust to the altar as it was said of Vesta
—when the fires of Vesta were lighted up it was
said that none but pure hands could touch them;
they would burn the impure. Now, who is
afraid of any law like this? The gentleman from
New Hampshire says that ho thanks the Senator
from Ohio forcoming forth to defend the criminal!
I say, independently of this law we have a plen-
itude of jurisdiction over this subject, and we are
rather restricting than enlarging our power by this
bill.
At one time—I allude to no recent transaction
with any other view than as an illustration—a
friend of mine would have been made the victim
of dogs to appease the demands of popular fury,
as far as it could exhibit itself. Now, when we
ask nothing in the world but a fair investigation
of a subject which may expose a criminal, all the
barriers of the common law are to be thrown
about him. Why, sir, I am not unwilling to
trust the discretion of the Senate at any time. I
would be willing, with even the aversion which
is entertained towards my own State in some
quarters, to trust the gentleman from Vermont,
who sits near me, [Mr. Collamer,] if he was
administering the law, though in his part of the
United States I should have as little opportunity
to stand up and defy the current of public opinion
as any other man; but, when law and individual
justice are concerned, I would trust the northern
people. I am willingto trust this body in its discre-
tion 011 such subjects as this; and that is the true
law for them. Discretion is said to be the law
of the tyrant; but the law of the tyrant, regulated
as it is, not by one man but by many, is a tribu-
nal to which I am willing to appeal 011 a question
of this kind. When we come to ask simply to
pass a bill requiring a man to tell the truth, then
it is that Magna Charta and all the great princi-
ples of the common law arc invoked. Weil, sir,
I have heard all these appeals to liberty. I sit
down with the declaration—oh! government,gov-
ernment, give me some of it!
Mr. BAIYARD. I rise, not for the purpose of
going further into the merits of the question, but
to repel both an assumption and an intimation
011 the part of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire on the whole Senate. By what au-
thority does the honorable Senator tell us that
this is making war on an individual? Is there
anything in the bill that justifies it? Is it nota bill
which applies to all individuals, who, being cog-
nizant of facts which ought to be inquired into in
order to keep pure the two Houses of Congress,
refuse to disclose them before the proper tribu-
nal ?
The honorable Senator seems to suppose, and
not only seems to suppose, but tells to the coun-
try, if not to the Senate, that we are making war
upon an individual. Sir, I do not even think
of the man in reference to this bill. I think the
bill limits the powers that have been hitherto ex-
ercised by Congress and defines them rather than
extends them. I think, also, that it has this
further advantage: that in cases where parties
fall within the law, the punishment u ill follow
with some certainty. That never has been the
case under the indefinite powers of Congress as
to punishing a witness for refusing to answer.
That is the great advantage of the bill. That is
why the bill will be efficient in itself. But there
is 110 ground whatever 011 which the honorable
Senator has a right to impute to either body of
Congress that they are passing this bill with a
view to make war upon and crush an individual.
At least there is no evidence here or elsewhere,
that I have seen, of that sort. A specific case
has come before Congress of a refusal to answer
on an allegation, by which the honorable Senator
himself admits the witness is not protected ac-
cording to law from answering. _ It is in conse-
quence of a case of that kind coming before them,
in order to reach any evidence of corruption that
may exist as to any member of either branch of
Congress, that this bill is necessary. Who would
impute to Congress, in passing a bill of that kind
which is meant to purify both bodies and main-
tain for them the confidence of the country, a
desire to make war on an individual? Sir, the
individual is of 110 importance. It is perfectly im-
material whether ho is punished, or called again,
or not; but the power is necessary to be given;
and from the allegations which have been spe-
cifically made, it is necessary to the character of
