1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
both bodies that the country should be fully sat-
isfied. If there are such members on either floor,
they should no longer hold their seats to the dis-
grace o}' the country and the injury of their con-
stituents.
Mr. SEWAED. If there be no objection, the
question can be taken on all the three amend-
ments which I have proposed at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say to the Senator from New York that the
amendments are different in their nature. The
first amendment is to insert the word " material."
The question is on that amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Oollamer, Dur-
kee, JPessenden, Hale, Pugli. Sow-aid, and VVilsnn—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Hell or" Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Brown, Butler, Clay, Critten-
den, Dodge, Evunt., Fiah, Fitzpainck, Foot, Poster, Geyer,
Green, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Reul, Rusk, Sebastian, Sltdell, Stu-
art, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Tiumbull,
Wade, VVeller, and Wright—39.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the second amendment of the Senator
from New York—after the word "inquiry" to
insert, "within the constitutional jurisdiction of
Congress or of either House of Congress."
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 39; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, OoIIamer? Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Hale, Pugh, Seward, and Wj'!;>oh~8.
NAYS—Messrs. Adaihs, Allen, Bayard, Boil of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Brown, Butler, Clay, Critten-
den, Dodge, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatriok, Foot, Fo tpi, Goyer,
Green, Houston, Ilunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pcarce, PitUt, Keul, ltusk, Sebastian, Shdell, Stu-
art, Thompson oftNow Jeivev, Toombs, Toucey. Tiumbull,
Wade, Welter, and Wright—3D.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The third
amendment of the Senator from New York, is
to add to the end of the first section, this pro\iso:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed so as to
deprive any witness of such privileges as are allowed to
witnesses testifying before a judicial tiibunal by the com-
mon law.
Mr. SEWAR.D called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 10, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer, Durkee, Fes^enden, Foot,
Hale, Pugh, Seward, Trumbnll, Wade, and Wilson—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigip, Bigler, Butler, Clay,
Crittenden, Dodge,Evans, Fish, Fitzpati iclc, Foster, Geyer,
Green, Houston, Hunter, Jaines, Jones, of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Keid, lijisk, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Tuucey, Weller, and
Wright—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON". I am ready, Mr. President,
as I suppose every Senator on this floor is, to
vote for a proper bill. I see no necessity exist-
ing in either House of Congress for hurrying
through an immature and imperfect measure.
The chairman of the committee which reported
this bill to the Senate admits it to be imperfect:
the Senator from Delaware, a member of that
committee, makes the same admission in the face
of the Senate. While they make these admis-
sions—while they admit that the bill is not what
it should be, they tell us that there is a pressing
necessity for hurrying through a measure which
Senators admit to be imperfect and immature.
It appears to me that Congress is acting at this
time under great excitement—under a sort of
panic. The press of the country, during the past
few weeks, and especially the press of the city
of New York—a press that has a vast influence
in the country, and has associated with it a great
deal of learning, of practical intelligence, of
ability, and of personal character—have held up
before the country and the world the Congress
of the United States as a corrupt, disgraced, and
degraded body. These imputations have gone
abroad over the land—over the universe. They
have done something to bring discredit upon our
country. Members feel that they owe it to them-
selves, to the bodies of which they are members,
and to the country, to meet these accusations of
the public press by a prompt and thorough inves-
tigation. Every honorable man in America, in
or out of Congress, is anxious that the investi-
gation which has been ordered by the House of
Representatives shall disclose corruption, if cor-
ruption exists.
The House of Representatives having directed
an investigation, has been baffled by a witness,
who was the original, if not the responsible,
accuser of that body. The conduct of that wit-
ness, I am free to admit, is not defensible. He
has assumed a position which I think wholly
indefensible. But his conduct should not drive
the Congress of the United States into the adop-
tion of measures that may put in peril the rights
of American citjzens. I shall not be driven, by
the action of this witness, into the support of a
measure I cannot approve when this excitcment
shall pass away.
We are asked now to vote for this bill as it
eamc to us from the House, where it was passed
under the pressure of intense excitement. I am
willing to vote for a bill which shall empower a
committee of either House of Congress, or either
House, to protect its honor, to investigate the
action of its members, and to preserve its dignity,
but it seems to mc that we are going quite too far
in this bill. I concur, fully and entirely, with the
sentiments embodied in the minority icport of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii.] I think the
views expressed in that report will stand the test
of time—of a rigid examination. I believe these
views will receive the approval of J.he general
judgment of the country. I am ready to stand
with the Senator from Ohio upon the doctrine he
has embodied in his report. I believe we had
better place ourselves right now — pass a law
which we can defend when the excitement. of the
present hour shall have passed away, and when
we shall have gone to our homes—a law that can
stand through ail coming time, by which either
House of Congress can vindicate its own rights,
and purify its body, if it needs purification.
1 shall vote for this bill if the second section
be stricken out. The Senator from New York
tells us that the bill will probably pass, and that
all of us will vote for it whether it be amended or
not. I cannot allow that Senator to speak for
me on a question of this character, i choose to
take my own course — to follow the convictions
of my own conscience and judgment. I can stand
alone; J am ready to slantl where my own judg-
ment tells me I ought to stand, uninfluenced by
fear of misrepresentation. 1 have no personal
anxieties whether this bill shall be passed or shall
be defeated. 1 have no personal or political
anxieties as to any disclosiues which the investi-
gation now going on shall make. If corruption
exists, let the corruption be brought to light. If
there are corrupt members, let them be exposed.
I think the time has come when Congress owes
it to itself, to the country, to the men whose
hands are unstained, to use all legitimate and
legal means to bring to light and to punish cor-
rupt practices if they exist. The press of the
country for years have hurled against both Houses
of Congress imputations dishonorable to mem-
bers. We have all heard of the Cxalphin swindle,
the Gardiner fraud, Texas scrip, and California
war debt speculations, land-jobbing, associations
with paper-mills, and other gigantic schemes, by
which public men have "put money in their
purse." Yes, sir, the public ear has been filled
by rumors of the corruption of members of Con-
gress by these schemes, and by the potent influ-
ences of executive power. These rumors,whether
true or false, have not only filled the public press,
but they have been on the hps of members of
Congress in the Capitol and out of the Capitol.
I wish legal and proper means could be taken to
bring the secrets of the present and the past to
light—to reveal to the gaze of the nation the cor-
rupt acts of the past ten years.
But, sir, I cannot vote for the second section
of this bill. I do not see why a witness should
stand before a committee of either House of Con-
gress in a diiferent position from that in which
he stands m the courts of justice of the United
States. Let the witness stand before your con-
gressional committees in the same attitude, with
all the rights and all the responsibilities which
belong to him when he stands before the judicial
tribunals of the United States. Yes, sir, let the
witness summoned before Congress have all the
rights of an American citizen in the judicial tri-
bunals of his country, and let him" be placed
under all the responsibilities which rest upon
him in the courts of lus eountiv.
Sir, it seems to me this Sdcoffjd ^tion fur*
nishes, by a general law, impunity For <ali crirties
of accusers of, and informers agains't^ members,
of Congress. It bribes criminals by exonerating
them if they accusc others. Accomplices £ar£
reluctantly admitted in courts in specialises**
A distinguished writer on criminal law says;-'
" The law confesses its weakness by calling in the assist-
ance of those by whom it has been broken. It offers a
premium to treachery, and destroys the laat virtue which
clings to the degraded transgressor."
In this section, accusers and informers, who
confess their own criminality and infamy, are
offered a pardon if they will only accuse others,
and that, too, under circumstances where the ac-
cusation is fatal to the reputation of the accused.
Strike out this second section which contains
these objectionable provisions. The first section
provides for the full and adequate punishment of
the offender against the rights ana privileges of
Congress. The third section points out the mod©
by which the trial of the offender may be had.
These two sections are all that Congress requires
to vindicate the rights of its members, or the
integrity of its character. With these views, I
move to strike out the second section of the bill;
and upon that motion I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Fesuenden, Hale, Pugh, Trmubullj and
Wilson—3.
NAYS—Me^rs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hampshire, Boll of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigg*, Bigler,
Biown, Butler, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge, Durkee, Evans,
l'Vh, Fitap:itriek, Foot, Foster, Geycr, Gajou, Hunter,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, PenrcejPiasuReid.
Ru:>k, Sebastian. Seward, Slide!!, tftuait, Thomson or
New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Wade, Weller, aud Wright
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and on the question " Shall the bill
pass?"
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to say a few words in
explanation of the vote I shall give. If I had
so low an estimate of my own character as to
imagine that any constituent would attribute my
vote in opposition to this bill to any fear of any
investigation which can be indulged here or else-
where, I should certainly think'the character it-
self was not worth defending.
I shall vote against this bill because I consider
it a flagrant violation of the rights of American
citizens.- I say that with due respect to others.
I have f«tated the reasons for my opinion. I stand
by those reasons, and I will stand by them in all
places and in all times. I desire to sco the Con-
gress of the United States, the other House and
this House, thoroughly purged of all unworthy
members, of all corrupt combinations. I feel the
perfect conviction that no investigation in which
either House may indulge will result anywise
disastrously to me, or to those with whom I am
associated. But, sir, I will not, for the sake of
ever so great a public benefit, invade the rights
of American citizens — ay, sir, and the rights
of British subjects, for they were the rights of
British subjects established by our fathers, who
founded the common law, and which have been
found essential to public liberty in this country
and in the country from which we derive our
government, our language, and our law.
This bill violates the domestic relations. This
hill, by its own terms, compels the wife, at the
mere instigation of a congressional committee, to
violate the settled rule of the common law, that
she shall not disclose matters communicated to
her in the secrecy of the marital relation. There
is nothing in it to stop the hand of a congressional
committee. This bill violates the professional
confidence of the attorney. There is nothing in
it to stop the hand of a congressional committee.
"Pertinent to the issue," says the bill. Who
decides the question of pertinency? The com-
mittee. It is said that the court before which the
indictment is pending will decide what is per-
tinent, and what is not. I beg gentlemen to
remember that the decision of the committee is
imal—-that it cannot be reviewed by any collateral
proceeding in court, or out of it. It is at tho
mercy of five gentlemen, who, in pursuance of
what they consider a public object, may force
a witness either to undergo the penalties of
