444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
flue and imprisonment, or to violate every rule j majority of this House. Having made a record iag thing; we have turned two hundred
of evidence that has ever been upheld in the '! which I think will serve to vindicate my objec- |j of the Navy without a trial and against ri^ht-
.courts of civilized countries. ' h tions to this bill in the first place, and in the next but we have no doubt that a majority of ttm
I did hope that tne Senate would have adopted h place will, I think, vindicate me from respons-were rogues; and although there are fiftvorsivur
■some one of the amendments which have been ,j ibility for those consequences, many of which good officers amon  them, we will cure the t' m.
proposed. ^ An^amendment was offered first to j; were ^so well depicted by the honorable Senator ;j culty by-and-by by a supplemental act." That
insert into this bill that indispensable word in all ;! from Ohio, and which I expect to see flow from
indictments for perjury, to wit: " material to the :i ' '    - - .
That has been rejected
issue." That has been rejected. A proposition j
that the inquiry of the committee should, at all i
events, be limited to the constitutional powers I
of Congress, has been rejected. A provision that I
the witness, as he stands before your committee,
shall have the rights of a witness at common law,
has been rejected. And, lastly, a proposition to
strike out the section which violates the law as it
has been settled and handed down to us for more
than two hundred years, has been rejected.
Sir, if I cannot purge Congress of corruption
without violating the essential" rights of an Amer-
ican citizen, let corruption reign, let the people
rise and come here in their majesty, as Oliver
Cromwell did, and drive us out, and put better
men in our places. I think, with other Senators,
we have acted under the impulse of excitement.
A case has arisen in which it is desirable for us
to overcome an obstacle, and desirable for the
country to overcome it. But, sir, as long as that
obstacle stands in the impersonation of an Amer-
ican citizen claiming' his right at common law,
lie shall have my voice and my vote, if he has
not the voice and vote of another living man. i
Sir, I have suffered in this way myself. Even j
in roy own brief experience 1 have seen the bitter j
day when I have been called upon by newspapers j
to \iolate professional confidence for the sake of |
delivering myself from a personal imputation.!
Having withstood the temptation in that case— !
having lived through it, and having felt to myself i
the assurance that 1 did my duty in those circum- |
stances — I shall feci no hesitation in voting |
against any bill which proposes to put any wit- i
ness to the rack or the torture in the middle of
the nineteenth century.
Mr. SEWARD. Air, President, every amend-
ment which I have proposed to this bill will be
found, when this day's proceedings shall come
to be reviewed, as 1 am sure they will be in future
times, to have been calculated to favor the object
of the bill by improving it, and making it more
peifect; to remove defects, and to make the bill
more efficient. I rise now for the purpose of
stating the reasons by which I have come to the
conclusion to support, in the first place, the
second section of the bill, and then support the
whole bill.
I have tried to save to the citizen the rights of
witnesses secured by the common law. I am
overruled, borne down; those rights are de-
stroyed, and the citizen is left without protection;
and not merely the citizen, but the magistrate,
the Senator, the member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, everybody, any persons, and all pel-
sons whom a committee of either House shall
seek, at any time, under any circumstances, for
any purpose, material or immaterial, with any
object, good or bad, to bring under an inquisi-
torial examination, I have failed. The second
section of the bill provides that such person shall
have the benefit of being exempt from prosecu-
tion as to the matter concerning which he is
called to testify. That, it seems to me, is but
carrying out a well-settled policy of law, that
when a person is compelled to testify against
himseif, he stiall have the favorof executive clem-
cney. That is the reason why I shall vote for
the second section.
t>!K now, upon the whole bill, I am brought
practically to this question, namely: whether,
when it is alleged that corruption i? abroad in the
Halls of Congress, through the deficiency of the
existing remedy, I will adopt no other remedy,
or whether I will adopt a new law which is
objectionable y> myself, some new law having
become manifestly and obviously necessary ? I
am m I'jvor of a new law, as every Senator is, j
and eveiy member of the House of Representa- !
lives, I suppose, is. f would have it a perfect law. i
S have endeavored to make this perfect; and
having failed, I arn to decide now whether I will
have no law at all, or whether I will have this one
in regard to the defects of which my judgment
lias been ovenuled practically by a constitutional
m ]oriiy of the two House:., certain'-v by such a
it unless the law shall be changed, I have no
hesitation whatever in giving my vote for the bill,
and taking so much of the responsibility of this
measure as belongs to me, and leaving to all other
members of the Senate whatever responsibility
must rest on them.
Mr. HALE. I did not think, sir, that I should
have been under the necessity of saying another
word to the Senate; but the rematkable speech
which has just been made compels me to tres-
Eass again on the patience of the Senate. I have
eard many speeches made for which I thought
there was no great necessity; but I think there
was an eminent necessity for this one. If the
honorable Senator from New York entertains the
opinions of this bill which he first expressed, and
which he says he still entertains—and if he thinks
the consequences that have been so eloquently
depicted by the Senator from Ohio will flow from
its passage—I believe an explanation was neces-
sary to account for his vote in favor of it. I do
not want to stand up here, and plead not guilty
to any charges that are brought againstCongress,
ill general or in particular.  
Ididnot exactly understand the emphasis with against it.
whic.i the honorable Senator from South Caro- 'j VIr. I3AYAR.D. The imputation of personal
una spoke, nor whether he meant to give out his motive to any member of this body is ungraceful
instructions as it is said'the Scripture is given, i under all circumstances, and probably never jus-
without any private interpretation. Nordolwish ,j tifiable unless it be in answer to direct personal
to compare virtue with anybody here for myself i attacks. I was surprised, I confess, to hear the
or my friends; but I utterly deny for myself or ;j impassioned disclaimer of the honorable Senator
was the argument then, and I am soriy to say
that, or something else, prevailed with a majority
of the Senate. But it did not with me, and it did
not with the honorable Senator from Georgia
then.. I could have hoped—1 would hope now, if
it were legal to hope against hope—that the same
love of constitutional liberty winch induced him
to throw himself into the breach when those offi-
cers of the Navy were trampled down against
law and right, would induce him now to put him-
self in the breach when, not epauletted officcis,
but " minions of the press," are to be attacked.
I could wish that that same jealous regard for
the constitutional rights and liberty of the citizen
might find its appropriate place in opposing thia
measure that it did in opposing that.
But, sir, 1 know it is useless to talk on this
question._ The passage of the bill is a settled
fact. It is passed, all but a few formalities. I
do not hope to avert what I believe to be a great
wrong, but I wish to express my convictions that
I stand where I did at the beginning—only a
little more so. [Laughter.] I^cannot vote'for
the bill, and I am glad that the yeas and naya
have been ordered, that I may record my vote
my friends, or anybody who votes with me, if ,
there is any one who does so—any such view as :
has been insinuated. I shall vote against this bill. 1
The honorable Senator from Ohio has expressed !
how he will vote against it. Ifhis vote represents j
the positive degree of expression, I should like to :
vote in the comparative or superlative degree. I
j condemn the bill in toto; and when I condemn it,
i I desire to put in my protest, not only against
the charge, expressed or implied, that gentlemen
who do not vote for it are willing to let corruption
reign, but I desire also to let gentlemen who
make these charges know that I am not afraid to
meet them. Tliey may say, if they please, that
those who do not vote for'this bill are afraid of
investigation.
Mr. BUTLER, I never said that.
■Mr. HALL. I know the honorable Senator
did not,
Mr. BUTLER. I said nothing of that kind
in reference to the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I am glad the honorable Senator
has disclaimed it, but such insinuations have been
made—I speak not of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina—but I say such insinuations have
been made, and have gone out in the public press.
If I vote against this bill for no other purpose, I
from Ohio. No one could presume that any
personal motive could actuate him in reference
to this bill.
Mr. PUGII. I did not refer to anything said
here, but, as the Senator from New Hampshire
did, to what had been said in the newspapeis.
Mr. BAYARD. Nobody in my judgment
> could by possibility impute to the honorable Sen-
i ator from Ohio any personal motive in regard to
j his vote on this measure. We can certainly
differ in opinion as to whether a measure of this
: kind violates the constitutional rights of individ-
| uals without imputing motives to each other,
i When the honorable Senator disclaimed for him-
; self, in that language, any personal motive what-
: ever, I think he might have been a little more
j chary in imputing to his brothers in the Senate
that they are acting under the influence of pas-
: sion; and yet that was hit. declaration. Where
I is the passion in the case 5 What motive have
I we for passion, unless it is a passionate desire to
see guilty members, if they exist in either branch
! of Congress, brought to the punishment they so
! justly deserve for violating their duties to their
| constituents and to their own consciences? There
J is no passion in that, in the proper sense of the
I term. The evils of which we have heard as ex-
isting by rumor for several years hove now as-
desire to stand here to-day to tell all such men, .! sumcd distinctive authority, and the desire is to
wherever they belong, whether to Congress or j ascertain if they exist. Without some legisla-
to the press, or anywhere else, that I will vote jj tion the power which has existed in Congress to
on this measure according to my judgment. I 'j call witnesses before thorn, and deliver Them to
am against catching rascals unless you do it con- j! the custody of the Sergcant-at-Arms, is a mere
stitutionally. I am against punishing rogues un- <-brutum fuhnen. This bill does nothing by way
less you do it legally. I remember an old maxim, i of extending the powers of either House; but it
that " it is better ten rogues should escape than . transfers to the judiciary of the country the ap~
lAAnnt mnn en-ffiav s> I   * 1 > > ■ * • *•
j one innocent man suffer.
! Several Senators. Ninetv-nine.
| Mr. HALli.^ Ten is exactly as good for the
j argument, and it is no bettor if you make it an
| indefinite number. I believe the wisdom of our
s fathers—and when I speak of the wisdom of our
j fathers, I refer to that learned body of judges,
: one of whom [Mr. Evaxs] sits directly before mp
: —in that long code of judicial decisions by which
; the common law has been enforced and illustra-
j ted—has given us the best means of catching
: rogues, and at the same time sparing innocent
men.
| It seems to me that the arguments in favor of
j this bill are very much like those that were
; wrought to sustain a bill which, by some strange
idea of language, was called a bill to reform the
j INavy, Then J had the honorable Senntor from
! Georgia with me Those who favored that bill
• said, <5 It is true, we have done a pretty sweep-
| propnate tribunal winch is untouched by polit-
! ical passions, the control of the witness, and gives
; theui cognizance of the facts necessary to estab-
' hsh the guilt of a witness who refuses to answer.
All these questions arc open, and open prop-
. crly before the court; yet the honorable Senator
from Ohio, so strong are his prejudices against
; this bill, tells you the decision of the House of
Representatives as to the pertinency of the ques-
: tion is final. On what principle of law can that
' statement be vindicated? If the language of the
bill had been for the punishment of a witness
called before the House of Representatives, who
refused to answer any question put to him, then
you might say so; but the bill speaks of a refusal
to answer a question material to the inquiry.
Does that make the decision of the House on the
question of pertinency final ? The House has
no authority to punish under the act. The law
prescribes that, in cu&e of such refusal, the Hou&e
