1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
shall certify the fact to the district attorney, and
he shall bring the matter before the grand jury.
When that comes up by indictment before the
court, must not the court decide whether the
question put was pertinent to the inquiry ? Of
course they must; and they cannot hold the party
guilty without doing it.
Mr. President, not only is there no violation
whatever of any constitutional right here, but
there is no attempt to place thecitizen in jeopardy
in any way whatever. There is no attempt to
abandon any of those guards which the great
principles of the common law throw around in-
dividual liberty as against legislative or executive
oppression, that I can see in the bill. It seems
to me, when gentlemen charge us with passing a
bill of this kind, and express their confident opin-
ions about it, they might hesitate a little-when
there stands in the Senate a majority of nearly •
ten to one, as I believe, in opposition to their
views.
Sir, it does seem to me that the course of argu-
ment used in opposition to the bill would more
become the stump than the Senate of the United
States. I have heard no reasoning which satis-
fied mo that a single constitutional principle is in
any respect violated by the bill we are about to
pass. That the bill might have been more per-
fect I have admitted. That it might have con'
tained other provisions more restrictive in many
respects, I am willing to admit. That we may
Eass a better bill hereafter I am willing to admit;
ut I think it proper that this bill should pass.
1 think the bill contains nothing opposed to the
Constitution of the country, and nothing that will
place the rights of any honest men in jeopardy,
or any man's constitutional rights in jeopardy.
Under these circumstances, 1 can see no reason
why the bill should not be sustained by the Sen-
ate, in order that, if the corruption which has
been alleged for years as existing in Congress,
and of which we have now specific charges, does
exist, the country may know who are the indi-
viduals upon whom to fix it, and that they may
be held up to the scorn of their constituents, and
the-condemnation of the whole country.
t^ Mr. BROWN. I have not heretofore said
anything in reference to this bill. When it was
brought into the Senate I made up my mind at
once to vote for it. After a little while, I was
somewhat shaken in that determination by the
arguments used in opposition to it here, and by
the prominent fact which 1 noticed in the pro-
ceedings of the other House, that an honored
colleague, whose judgment I am very much ac-
customed to trust in matters of this sort, had
voted against it. I therefore took time to examine
it more critically than 1 should probably other-
wise have done;'and the result of that examina-
tion has brought mo back to the same conclusion,
that 1 ought to vote for the bill—not that it is
perfect, not that it is such a bill as I should have
drafted myself, for 1 am free to say that, in my
judgment, it is defective. In the second section,
the whole of which was proposed to be stricken
out, I recognize an innovation upon the old es-
tablished common law principle which all law-
yers have been taught to reveie. The provision
ts:
" No witness shall hereafter be allowed to refuse to
testify to any fact, or to produce any paper, touching winch
lie shall be examined by either House of Congress, or any
committee of either House, for the reason that his testi-
mony touching such fact, or the production of such paper,
' may tend to disgrace or otherwise render him infamous."
There is an innovation in that upon the old
common law principle; and when my eye first
rested on it, it shook my confidence very seriously
in the determination to which I had come to vote
for this bill; but reflection satisfied me of this
important truth: if you fail to enact that provis-
ion, all that a witness called upon has to do is
simply to say, " I cannot answer without im-
pugning my personal character,"and there would
be at once an end of the controversy. If he
simply says, " I shall disgrace myself if I do
answer," you have no further question to ask—
the whole controversy is at an end, and therefore
your law would, be inoperative and void abso-
lutely. The witness takes a particular position
which surmounts the whole of your legislation,
and your inquiry at once comes to a conclusion.
"Violent cases need violent remedies. While I
should be unwilling to see this hallowed principle
of the common law overturned in all cases, yet if
gentlemen honored with seats in the other House
of Congress by the people—gentlemen honored
with seats here by the States—cannot protect
themselves from slander without overturning the
prinples of«eommon law, they ought to overturn
them.
Sir, what is the common law worth to you if
you lose your Government? Can you preserve
your Government if those who make its laws,
and who hold its destiny in their hands, are dis-
graced day by day by these slanders constantly
thrown out by the newspaperpress,publiclypro-
claimed, and when gentlemen call for the parties'
who make these declarations, they shield them-
selves behind the statement, "1 can make no dis-
closure lest<l disgrace myself.'"
Admitting all that gentlemen say, is it not
better to trench on the rights of the individual
man than thus to tamper with the great and
sacred rights of a Government ? How did this
controversy commence? First it was openly
charged in a newspaper, of almost the largest
circulation in the Union, that there was a regular
congressional organization to carry or defeat
measures for pay. The charge was openly and
undisguisedly made—^not through an obscure and
neighborhood newspaper, but through one of the
principal organs of a great and powerful party,
edited in chief by a man who was intrusted with
the second office in the gift of the largest State
of the Union. The accusation obtained import-
ance, not because it was proclaimed in a news-
paper, but because it was proclaimed in a special
newspaper, a newspaper edited in a man who
had a special and important character in the
country.
Mr. VVELLER. And moreover the people
began to believe it.
Mr. BROWN. My friend says the people
began to believe it. Yes, sir, they began to oelieve
it; and if you tamper with matters of this sort,
the people of our country will not only begin to
believe it, but they will carry out their belief;
the belief will extend across the Atlantic; it will
spread to other countries; and by-and-by, the
American Congress will come to be regarded as a
mere body of corrupt functionaries, wlio live not
upon their legitimate pay, but upon the corrup-
tion fees which they clutch for voting in favor of
or against particular measures.
I say the violence of the case justifies this vio-
lent innovation upon the ancient common law.
Reluctant as I am to give it up—reluctant as I am
to put down even in a particular relation this old
principle of the law—t believe it necessary to
reach the core of this difficulty, and I therefore
surmount that point.
Then I thought, in the conclusion of the bill,
there was a little backing out from that respons-
ibility which Congress ought to assume in vin-
dication of its own honor. If I had drafted the
bill, I would not have sent the party to a court.
Instead of declaring that " it shall bo the duty of
the Speaker of the House or the President or the
Senate to certify the fact, underseal of the House
or Senate, to the district attorney for the District
of Columbia, whose duty it shall be to bring the
matter before the grand jury," I would have the
officer make his certificate to the marshal of
the District, whose duty it should be to imprison
the party in default until he should answer, or it
should be the pleasure of the House or Senate to
discharge him. Sir, I have witnessed these in-
vestigations too frequently here, and seen them
end too often in a mere mockery, so as to bring
reproach upon Congress and the country. I
would have taken up a more violent remedy, and
would not shrink from its responsibility because
of any apprehension that Congress was to be
charged with tyranny.
The Senator from New Hampshire talked this
morning about carrying Congress before the coun-
try, and about gentlemen being overwhelmed who
should vote for this bill. Overwhelmed by whom?
Are we not the constituents of the people? and
do they not feel as sacred an interest in the pres-
ervation of our characters as we can possibly feel
for ourselves? Do the people of the States ex-
pect us to come and sit quietly under charges
such as have been made from time to time of
gross and outrageous corruption, and yet take
no steps to satisfy them that these charges are
either true or false? The only plea which it
is necessary for you to make to the people is
simply to tell the truth, the honest fkcts in regard
to this case; that a party charged under oath that
two members of the House of Representatives
had approached him with corrupt propositions,
and when he had made that answer he stepped
short and refused to disclose the names of the
parties thus accused, in this way leaving two
hundred and thirty-four honorable gentlemen,
intrusted by their constituents, to divide the
responsibility? There are two guilty partieB
according to the accusation, and two hundred
and thirty-two innocent ones; and if he refuse
to tell the guilty, who shall decide ?
Let me say to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, if he were a member of the other House
the case would come home to him. All his enemy
would have to do would be to whisper, in dark,
midnight places, " this accusation, between you
and me, lies at the door of John P. Hale." It
would be bruited about through the country.
His enemies would believe it, and they would
whisper it into the ears of friends not over-earn-
est. It would get to be believed, and it would
spread through the whole country; and yet Con-
gress refuses to give him the means of vindica-
ting his honor.
I will stand, sir, upon no technicalities, when
interests, private and public, so important as
these, are at stake. I see very clearly, as other
gentlemen see, that there may by possibility in
extreme cases, by extreme supposition, grow up
some oppression under this bill; but I see that
the defeat of it, that the refusal to pass it at once
by an overwhelming majority, involves conse-
quences yet more important to the individual
rights of members, and the interest of the whole
country, and therefore I vote for it.
I vote for this bill chiefly because it comes to
us from the House of Representatives, whose
honor is involved in the question of its passage.
They ask for its passage that they may have
the means of vindicating their honor. That of
itself is a sufficient reason why I should sup-
port it.
Mr. President, I rose simply to make a remark
or two in reference to this bill, to justify myself
in voting for a measure which I did not fully ap-
prove; and having done that, I have nothing mora
to say.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 46, nays
3; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hampshire, liell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigys, Bigler,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Podge, Doug-
las, Durkce, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Fitzpatrjek, Foot,
Fostei, Oeyer, Green, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory, Mas-on, Pearce, Pratt, Eeid, Busk, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jeraey,
Toombs, Toucey, Tiumbull, Wade, Weller, Wright, and
Y ulee—46.
NAYri—Messrs. Hale, Pugh, and Wilson—3.
So the bill was passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that when the Senate
adjourns it be to meet on Monday next.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. BROWN. That is in violation of the
compact that to-morrow was to be devoted to the
business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. BAYARD._ I make the motion, and the
Senate can decide it.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 22.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 14th instant, the
papers and documents in the matter of the claim
of George Whitman, now before the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Customs, under the joint resolution of
March 13,185U, which, on motion of Mr.Stuart,
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House (No. G38) to create
the office of surveyor general of public lands in
the Territory of Nebraska, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed.
