446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 23, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ro. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daxiel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of "War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of April 14, 1856, information
relative to the value of the commerce, amount of
tonnage, &c.( of the Ohio river; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed. j
Also, a communication from the Secretary of >
the Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with i
the provisions of the eleventh section of the act j
of August 26,1842, a statement of the clerks em-1
ployed in the several bureaus of the Treasury
Department; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by ,
Mr. Dickiks, its Secretary, notifying the House j
that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 62) to .
change the time of holding the district court of j
the United States in and for the district of Wis-
consin, and to compensate the judge of said dis-
trict for his services; and an act (S. No. 493) to
expedite telegraphic communication for the uses
of the Government in its foreign intercourse.
Also, that the Senate insisted on their disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House to the bill
(S. No.'206) for the relief of Sally T. Mathews,
ask a conference with the House on the said dis-
agreeing votes, and have appointed Mr. Wade,
Mr. Stuart, and Mr. Brodhead, the committee
on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER announced that reports from
standing committees on private bills were in
order.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to call up my motion
to reconsider bill No, G23, if it be in ord'er.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. ENGLISH. I appeal to the gentleman I
from Virginia to allow me a moment for the pur- i
pose ofcalling up a resolution of the Senate which ■
ought to be acted on to-day, and which cannot !
consume more than a minute or two. There arc \
two vacancies in the Board of Regents of the I
Smithsonian Institution, occasioned by the term-•
inatioii of service of Mr. Rush and General i
Tott^n. The Senate have sent to this House a |
joint resolution proposing to reappoint these gen- j
tleraen. I ask that the resolution may be taken I;
up, as to-morrow is the regular day of the meet- j|
ing of the board, and unless these appointments i|
be made there will be no quorum. :
Mr. KNIGHT objected. j'
Mr. ENGLISH. I appeal to the gentleman j'
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his objection, as
to-morrow is the day for the meeting of the Board ij
of Regents, and there will be no quorum unless i<
the resolution be acted on. Tho propriety of the il
selection cannot be called in question. '
The objection was not withdrawn.
CLERKS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask leave
to introduce a bill for reference onlv.
Mr THOO T X7,-^-rvnvr _i- 1 J
Mr. GROW. I suppose it will take but a
moment to dispose of this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. But a single moment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia calls up his motion to reconsider a bill (H.
R. No. 623) authorizing the settlement of the
accounts of the clerks of the United States courts
in Oregon and "Washington Territories.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I object to
everything except it be in the regular order of
business.
, The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, under
the rules, the reconsideration of this bill is not
in order, this day being set apart for the consid-
eration of private business.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I presume ^hat a priv-
ileged motion is in order. 1 move to reconsider
the action of the House taken on bill (H. R. No.
621) providing for compensating the militia called
outto suppress Indian hostilities in New Mexico.
It was reported back the other day by the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] adversely.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the motion to reconsider is not in time.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. PHELPS. I have not risen for the pur-
pose of making a report. This is objection day,
and I think it expedient that the House proceed
to the consideration of the Private Calendar. I
therefore submit the motion, that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole House,
and on that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; atld Messrs. Talbott
and Sapp were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 94, noes 26.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, (Mr.
Leiter in the chair.)
This being objection day, the committee pro-
ceeded to consider the bills, in their order, upon
the Calendar, when such as there was no objec-
tion to were laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 527) for the relief of White-
marsh B. Seabrook and others.
The "bill was read.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I reported this bill, and I \
ask the gentleman to withdraw his objection until [
the report accompanying it be read. I
Air. WALBP^IDGE persisted in his objection. !
A bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of C. B. R. j
Kenneiiy. '
The bill was read. i
Mr. FAULKNER. I perceive that there is I
no report in this case, but.there is not a doubt as !
to the justice of the claim, and the only question !
is as to what fund it shall be paid from. i
Mr. TCDD. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report.
Mr. TODD. Then I object to the bill.
A bill (H. R.. No. 529) for the relief of Van
Rensselaer Hall.
The bill provides that there be paid to Van
Rensselaer Hall $383 50, it being the value of
the clothing and other articles of value lost by
the burning of the steam-tug Leviathan in the
Mr. THORINGTON objected, and called for i' harbor of NewYork.
the regular order of business. || The petitioner was a boatswain in the Navy of
The SPEAKER. The reception of reports 'j the United States, and was employed on board
relating to private biUs from standing committees j propeller Arctic, sent by the United States
, , iMnf-cat™ v "• -w. ,, —   — duty on Doaru tne said pro
Mr. 1< AULKiNbll. I would inquire whether ;i peller, and placed by the commander of the Arctic
the motion has precedence of regular business, !i on board the steam-tug Leviathan for the purpose
this being objection day? j| of returning to New York. It appears that the
The SI EAKLR. This day is set apart for i steam-tug took fire while on her return to New
",0,n j \ork, and the petitioner lost the entire contents
I would suggest j] °fhjs trunk, valued at $363 50.
private business
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.   
that objection applies nowhere except."in*&om-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. That is correct; but this
day is set apart for private business.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Well, this, I
understand, is a private bill.
The SPEAKER, It is a public bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. I object to anything being
taken up exeept private business.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it dopass.
Resolution (H. R. JVo. 307) in the case of
Waiter M. Gibson.
The report, was read
Mr. TODD, I should like to know how this
resolution was introduced, as} it is not on the
Calendar?
The CHAIRMAN. It is a resolution which
| was reported, lint omitted on tho Calendar Jt
i has been referred to the Committee of the Whole
; House.
Mr. STANTON. I presume there will be no
objection from the fact that the resolution is not
upon the Calendar. It was inserted m the Cal-
endar upon my instance, having been omitted
by; mistake. The resolution makes no appro-
priation of money, but provides for the renewal of
negotiations for the purposes'therein mentioned
Mr. LETCHER. What has that to do with
the Private Calendar?
Mr. PHELPS. I must enter my objection, as
it is a resolution of instruction to the President
of the United States as to the manner in which
he shall conduct our negotiations in a particular
| case.
j An act (S. No. 211) making a rcappropriation,
| from the surplus fund, for the relief of Lieuten-
ant John Guest, United States Navy, and others.
The bill provides that §1,760 49, being the bal-
ance remaining of the appropriations made by
Congress in 1840 and 1841, for the survey of the
coast from Appalachicola bayto the mouth of the
Mississippi river, for the ascertainment of the
practicability of establishing a navy-yard and
naval station which should best subserve the pro-
tection of the commerce of the Gulf of Mexico,
which balance has been carried to the credit of
the surplus fund, be reappropriated, for the pay-
ment of the sum due Lieutenant John Guest,
United States Navy, (§317,) for services rendered
in said survey, and for other lawful claims of
officers who were employed in that survey.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (PI. R,. No. 530) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Peter Herbert, a revolutionary
soldier. [Objected to by Air. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of the
children of James Phelps, a revolutionary soldier.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be paid to the children or legal repre-
sentatives of James Phelps, late of the county of
i Cortlandt, in New York, the pay of a private, at
I eight dollars per month, under the act of Con-
| gress passed .Tune 7, 1832; said pay commencing
| on the 4th of March, 1831, and ending on the 23d
of November, 1842, when James Phelps died.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
when the application of the petitioner was made
at the Pension Office ?
Mr. MILLER, of New York. It was soma
; few yeais since; but I have not the date, and do
j not recollect,
| Mr. BROOM. I presume the papers accom-
panying the case will give the information.
| Mr. MILLER, of New York. The applica-
, tion was rejected on the ground that he was too
j young to perform military service.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
| gentleman from Virginia, that if a soldier of the
Revolution served as prescribed by the act of
1832, and never makes liis claim until to-day, and
now establishes his service, he goes back and gets
his pension from the 4th of March, 1631, up to
this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understood that
tho proposition i3 to give him a pension from
1821.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, the gentleman
is mistaken; and if the petitioner served, as the
committee says he did, I do not think that objec-
tion should bo made on the ground of age. The
bill provides for giving to him and his children a
pension from 4th March, 1831. I think that it
will be found that those who served in the mfan-
tiyare entitled to eighty dollars a year, and those
in the cavalry ninety-six dollars a year.
The bill was laid aside to bo reported to the
Plouse, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 532) for the relief of the heirs
of Mary Hooker.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mary Hooker, widow
of James Hooker, who was military or hospital
storekeeper in the State of Connecticut during
the revolutionary war, from February, 1777, to
November, 3780, on the pension roll of said State
at the rate due to said service, and the amount so
found to be due to be paid to the children of said
Mary Hooker,deceased, and herlegal represent-
atives.
