1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
admission of said indigent insane person into the
hospital, must be made within five days after the
examination of the witnesses before a judge or
justice of the peace.
it further provides that any indigent insane
person   _ .  
time he became insane may be admitted into
the hospital upon the application of the corporate
authorities of the city of Washington, or of
Georgetown, and at the expense of either of those
cities during the continuance of the insane person
therein, it being designed to give the superintend-
ent power to take charge of such insane person
until the local authorities can discover who his
friends are, or whence he came, with a view to
his return to his friends or to the place of his
residence. If any person charged with crime
be found, in the court before which he is so
charged, to be an insane person, the court shall
certify the'fact to the Secretary of the Interior,
who may order such person to be confined in the
hospital, and if he be not indigent, he and his
estate shall be charged with the expenses of his
Support. Any person becoming insane during
the continuance of his sentence in the penitentiary
is to have the same privilege of treatment in the
hospital during the continuance of his mental
disorder, unless it be the opinion, both of the
physician to the penitentiary and the superintend-
ent of the hospital, that such insane convict is so
depraved and furious in his character as to ren-
der his custody in the hospital insecure, and his
example pernicious. When any person confined
in the hospital, charged with crime and subject
to be tried therefor, or convicted of crime and
undergoing sentence therefor, shall be restored to
Sanity, the superintendent of the hospital is to
give notice of the fact to the judge of the criminal
court, and deliver him to that court in obedience
to the proper precept.
Independent or pay patients may be received
into the hospital 011 the certificate of two respect-
able physicians of the District, stating that they
nave personally examined the patient, and believe
him to be insane at the time of giving the certifi-
cate, and a fit subject for treatment in the institu-
tion, accompanied by a written request for his
admission from the nearest relatives, legal guard-
ian, or friend of the patient, where he may re-
main until restored to reason. The request for
admission must be made within five days of the
date of the certificate of insanity.
- Mr. HUNTER. The object of this bill is to
permit the pauper insane of the District of Co-
lumbia to be put in that institution. That is right
enough; but does it provide that all insane per-
sons in the District are to be put in the asylum
at the public expense?
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. The fourth sec-
tion makes special provision, that when here they
are to be put in, but the duty of the superintend-
ent is to ascertain where they come from, and
send them back.
• Mr. HUNTER. What about the rich?
Mr. BROWN. Those who are able to pay
are required to pay specifically by the act.
< Mr. HUNTER. That is right.
Mr. BROWN. In section eight, line four,
after, the word "him," I move to insert" or her."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is suggested
to the Chair by the Secretary, that in line eigh-
teen a modification is necessary, to make it con-
gruous with the text, which reads " that he or
she was a resident of the District at the time he
or she was seized with the mental disorder under
which he then labored."
Mr. BROWN. I move to insert after the last
word-" he," the words " or she."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill vras ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OBSTRUCTIONS TO AVENUES.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 251) to authorize the
Commissioner of X'ublic Buildings to remove ob-
structions from certain streets and avenues in
the city of Washington, and prevent trespasses
on the same; the question pending being on an
amendment offered by Mr. Push, when the bill
who did not reside, in the District at the
was last under consideration, to strike out the
third section, in the following words:
See. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Washington
and Alexandria Railroad Company shall have authority to
lay a railroad track along First street, across Pennsylvania
avenue, and along Maryland avenue, from the depot of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad to Potomac bridge, or to such
other point 011 the Potomac river as they may select, and
along Seventh street west, from Maryland avenue to the
canal: Provided, The rails on said track shall not be laid
above the level of the paving-stones on said street and
avenues: Jlnd provided further, That said company shall
at no time use steam as a propelling power on said'track,
and shall, moreover, remove the said track, without cost to
the United States, whenever Congress shall so direct.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that section will not
be stricken out. I do not see any harm it will
do, but, on the contrary, I see great public con-
venience in allowing that railroad to be continued
from the Potomac river to the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad. I see no injury that it can do to
the city or the community. I believe the city of
Washington desires it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I was,present at
a former discussion on this subject, and was
utterly amazed at the expression of such senti-
ments as those which the honorable Senator from
Virginia has just announced. First street crosses
Pennsylvania avenue just at the dcscent of Capi-
tol Hill, and a track has already been laid along
it. Is it possible that we can allow such an ob-
struction to mar the beauty of these grounds.
We are now put to a large annual expense in
keeping up these grounds. We have spent mil-
lions; we may spend five millions, orten or twenty
millions, for the extension of this Capitol and its
grounds, not only in preparing the building for
the utilitarian purposes of legislation, and having
rooms in which we can sit with convenience and
comfort, but for ornament, with some reference
to the magnificence of the country in every other
respect—its material magnitude, if you please.
Wo expend money freely for the purpose of main-
taining the public improvements m this city, and
the public thoroughfares, particularly Pennsyl-
vania avenue, connecting the Capitol with the
executive buildings on its western extremity.
It seems to me strange that gentlemen should
think that anything short of an imperative public
necessity could justify the allowance of the pas-
sage of car after car, " from morn to noon, from
noon to dewy eve," across this magnificent ave-
nue at the point where it is proposed to cross it.
I think it objectionable to allow cars to cross it
at any point.
Arc we to disregard all considerations of orna-
ment— all argument of convenience, not only
towards Congress, but* the public who resort to
Washington for various purposes—pleasure, cu-
riosity, or business? That such an obstruction
as this should be permitted from the mere con-
sideration of the slight convenience it will be to
travel between the North and South in going
through the city of Washington, surpasses any
conception that I have of propriety or consist-
ency. If we are to do this, why are we put to j
so much expense in ornamenting this city, and '
improving it in a manner fit for the scat of Gov-
ernment of this great Republic? Why not turn
out all our grounds? What is the use of main-
taining them? What is the use of expending
money on them, if they are to be given up to the
obstructions which will be caused at almost every
hour of the day, in process of time, by allowing
a railroad to pass across this avenue?
It is true it is proposed in this section of the
bill to prohibit the use of a locomotive in the city;
but what does that signify? To be sure that is
some mitigation of the evil; but still the trains
will be carried by horse power, and will obstruct
the avenue. I remember that in the arguments
submitted at the last session, it was suggested
that some proposition was likely to be made, and
perhaps carried, that not more than one or two
cars in a train should be permitted to cross the
avenue at the same moment of time. What alle-
viation would that be5 Suppose, sir, you arc
passing from the avenue to the Capitol during
the sittings of Congress—and it is then especially
that this will be the greatest obstruction—as you
approach the crossing-place, there is a car drawn j
by two horses, and another just m the rear of it, !
and another and another, until fifteen or twenty
pass. They cannot wait; you must give way to
them. These communications require so much
rapidity to make connections, that there is no
time allowed for stoppage at the depot or at a sta-
tion in a city. The cars will not give way to -foot
passengers or carriages that arc coming up Penn-
sylvania avenue in order to reach the Capitol. Jt
is more important that they shall occupy ithe
avenue until the whole train has passed. How
many trains are there to be in a day? Now there
might not be more than three; I b.elieve there are
but three trains on the railroad between Balti-
more and Washington passing on to the South;
but in time you will have them every two hours*
and perhaps every hour in the end. Who can
undertake to estimate the amount of travel ?
When once you have given authority to extend
this road across Pennsylvania avenue, you have
given it to a private company; it becomes a vested
right. It becomes a monopoly to some extent,
though that view is not connected with the
grounds of exception which I take. It becomes
a right vested in a private corporation—a com-
pany of gentlemen—and it stands forever. You
cannot impose any limitations on it which you
do not impose when it is granted.
The principal argument in its favor urged at
the last session of Congress was, that the private
convenience of members of Congress, of em-
ployes about the Capitol, and of the citizens of
the Republic who resort to Washington for busi-
ness 01* pleasure, and of the inhabitants of Wash-
ington, ought not to overrule the great convenience
of maintaining uninterrupted the great line of
travel between the North and South, through the
city of Washington. It was urged that that chan-
nel of intercommunication should not be inter*'
rupted for half an hour, oran hour, if you please,
for the convenience of the people of washington,
the members of Congress, or employes -of the
Government, or the public generally who choose
to resort to Washington at any time. The argu-
ment was that there was no comparison between
these relative,convenicnces; that one was so over-
whelmingly imperative in its demands that the
Government ought to submit and allow this con-
nection to be made in this way, however incon-
sistent it might be with the plans and purposes
which Congress had heretofore had in view in
building up'this magnificent city, and ornament-
ing particularly Pennsylvania avenue. If this
were the only channel by which the travel be-
tween the North and South could go on uninter-
ruptedly, I might submit to it; but I understand
—and I wish the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi to explain whether it be the fact—thatCon-
grcss has heretofore granted to the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company full authority to com-
plete the necessary connection. There is no im-
pediment to an understanding between them and
the company constructing the Alexandria rail-
road. I understand — if I am mistaken I desire
to be corrected — that the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company have a charter now to extend
a branch of their road east of the Capitol, upon a
convenient and practicable route, to any point on
the Potomac ri ver.
Mr. BROWN. I believe that is true.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then, so far as
the Baltimore, and Ohio Railroad Company, who
run a branch of thair road from Baltimore to the
city of Washington, are concerned, if their inter-
est or the public interest would be promoted by
having a continuous route between the North and
South, without any interruption at the city of
Washington, a channel is open to them. It is,
no doubt, to some, extent desirable that this great
channel of intercourse should not be interrupted
by having such a space as there is now between
the depot in Washington and the Potomac river,
to be passed over in carriages or omnibuses; but
so far as it is desirable to have that obstruction
removed, they have the power to remove it. Per-
haps it woukl require a little more cost on the
part of the companies interested in the connec-
tion; it would not be so direct; but the difference
in time would not be three minutes in passing a.
through train over the line. I have not seen any
report of an engineer on that point; but certainly
, there would not be five minutes' interruption,
j if they should undertake to construct a road
i where they are now -authorized by law to con-
I gtr u ct 11
! 1 apprehend, however, it is not the public in-
j terest that is pressing on this subject; but private
I interests have been connected with the question
! of getting the railroad thrust across Pennsylvania
