460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
contract under which this claimant has performed
his part of the obligation which it involves, such
conduct would justly expose us to the reproba-
tion of every honest mind.
What, sir, is the case under consideration?
Dr. Kennedy was appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior, or by those acting under him, as
surgeon and naturalist to the Mexican boundary
commission. His compensation was fixed at
$1<K) per month. His contract limited his med-
ical attendance to those who strictly composed
the commission. As Colonel Emory, the United
States commissioner, says, in his letter to the
Secretary of the Interior of the 12th of Maj^, 1856,
" The medical attendance to troops that might be
called upon to escort the commission was not in-
cluded in the agreement, because on all previous
occasions the military furnished their own med-
ical attendance." Dr. Kennerly, then, accepted
this appointment as surgeon to the commission,
upon the compensation agreed upon, with the
distinct understanding that his medical attendance
was to be limited to the civil commission sent to
run the boundary tine. It was subsequently ascer-
tained that, in consequence of the threatening
altitude of the Indians in that wild and unsettled
country, it was necessary for the protection of the
commission to dispatch a military escort to accom-
pany it. That military escort was sent, but it
came unaccompanied by any medical attendant,
attributable, no doubt, to a fact well known to
this House and to the country. I mean the limited
number of our surgical corps, an evil to some
extent remedied by bill which I successfully
pressed upon the attention of Congress during
our last session. In the absence of any provision
made by the Secretary of War to provide med-
ical attendance to this military escort, Captain
Smith applied to Dr. Kennedy to act as such,
lie at first declined, urging upon Captain Smith
the employment of aoipe other civilian; and, as
Captuin Smith states, it was only after finding
it impossible to employ a suitable person, that
Dr. Kennedy could be induced to enter into any
arrangement with him. A written eontiactwa.s
accordingly made at Port Clarke, in Texas, on
the 1st of November, ]fc*54, between Captain
 Smith, the commander of the infantry, and Dr.
Kennerly, by winch, in consideration of fifty dol-
lars a month, Dr. Kennerly agreed to perform
the duties of an assistant surgeon to the escort.
Tie peiformed that service faithfully, according
to the evidence und admitted facts of the case,
from (he ist of November, 1851, to the 22d of
September, 1855. This service, at $50 a month,
makes a claim against the Government of ()G,
for the payment of which the bill now under con-
sideration provides. Neither the Secretary of
War nor the Secretary of (he Interior disputes
the justice of this claim. The Secretary of War
thought it should be paid from the appropriation
for the boundary survey, a fund under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Interior. The case
was accordingly referred to Mr. McClelland,who
referred it to Colonel Emory, the head of that
commission. That distinguished officer made his
TCpoit to the Secretary of the Interior on the 12th
of May, 1856, from winch I make the following
extract;
"There is no more reason why the houndaiy eotnnns-
tioii .-Jiould ftirnH) medical attendance to the et-eoit than
eoumiHbary supplies or transportation, if it was proper to
furm-Ui medical attendance it was also propet lo pay tiom
the civil appropriation the subsistence and uaiispou.uion
of the troops.
44 IJut in the absence of any notification from tfio War Be-
paitmeiHj or airaug<*tnonr between that Department and
lhe Department ol the Interior, it was taken for grained
the ij.-u.si course would be pursued. Ia reference to tins
pameular ea*e, finding the escort were not supplied with
nioduMl anendauee, Ih-. Kcnnoly was lequcoted to attend
nor onJy to me nnantry hut to the cavalry escort.
'•[Ic rntetid-'d to bprh withfidelttyand mtclligcnce through-
out tin- campaign, and withotu once stopping to a*k if he
W o'Ud i ccei vc compensation (or hiss services.
"I think he de-civi'sand  *: fully entitled to the additional
remuneration claimed under Hit; contract entered into with
Captain .Small, November I. ltff>4 ''
It i^ thus manliest that both of these Depait-
monts recognized the justice of this demand, and
that the only diversity of opinion between them
was as to the proper fund from which the claim
was to be paid. The committee has solved that
difficulty by directing its payment generally from
the Treasuiy.
Now, sir, I will proceed to answer some of the
objections which have been urged against this
bill. It is characterized as i( extra compensa-
tion" for service fairly within the purview of his
original engagement with the Secretary of the
Interior. This is not so. The proof is conclu-
sive that his original engagement extended alone
to the civil commission, and did not embrace the
military escort that subsequently accompanied it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to read that part of the papers which ex-
empts him from such service.
JEfr. FAULKNER.. I will do so; and if the
gentleman from Tennessee, instead of hasty
glances at the papers, had read them as carefully
as I have done, he would not have made the mis-
representations—unintentional, of course—which
he has made. In the letter of Captain E. K. Smith
to Surgeon General Lawson he says:
" t would state, for the information of the Surgeon Gen-
eral, that Dr. Kennerly, upon receiving liis appointment,
was distinctly informed that he was appointed in attendance
upon the cm! commission, and would notbe required upon
the escort to the same."
And Colonel Emory, who gave Dr. Kennerly
the appointment, says, (I here read from his
letter:)
" The medical attendance to troops that might be called
upon to escort the commission was not included in this
agreement."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to show where there was any power given to
the commissioner who ran the boundary line, or
the person who employed Dr. Kennerly, to stip-
ulate that he should give no attendance upon the
military escort? I care notto know whether Cap-
tain Smith said so to him, when the contract was
not sanctioned by the Secretary of War.
Mr. FAULKNER. The letters which I have
read should. J think, be altogether satisfactory to
the gentleman from Tennessee upon this point of
his inquiries.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man whether, when the first contract was made
for $100 a month. Dr. Kennerly was not to have
attended to the military cscort?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 say no.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must suggest to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,]
that occupying a privilege personal to himself, he
cannot, yield the floor to other gentlemen unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FAULKNER. Thogentleman has fallen
into lhe errorof supposing that the military escort
consisted of but thirty persons. Upon that point
I read the followingextract from Captain Smith's
letter:
I " In justice to Dr. Kennerly, I would state that ho has
! been roi^lant and l.ullilul ill Ins attendance upon upward
I of ninety men belonging to the escort ol the United States
[ boundaiy 001111111^1011." f
j The error of the gentleman might readily occur
I from a hasty perusal of the petitioner's memo-
i rial. He speaks in that paper of his attendance
I upon thirty drngoonsand fifty infantry. Although
• the cavalry were not embraced within the con-
templation of the contract made with Captain
Smith, uf the infantry, still we have allowed no
extra compensation for medical attendance upon
the dragoons. We have construed the contract
to allow him fifty dollars per month for attention
to the military escort—cavalry as well as infantry.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my colleague be good
enough to give us, from the report, the number
of the escort. I have understood that there were
only sixteen soldiers?
Mr. FAULKNEIl. Captain Smith, the com-
mander of the infantry, in his letter fixes the
number at ninety. Dr. Kennerly in his memorial
states the number at fifty infantry, and thirty
dragoons. This is all tbe information which I
have on the subject.
Mr. BARKSJJALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia whether the military escort
was not a part of the boundary commission ?
Mr. FAULKNER. Certainly not. Thebound-
ary commission was acting under the control
of the Secretary of the Interior. The military
escoi t was a portion of our regular Army, detailed
' by the Secretary of War to accompany the com-
mission upo'n information communicated to him
of the necessity of such a force to protect the
commission from the hostile intentions of the
Indians. Undoubtedly the Secretary of War
would have ordered an assistant surgeon of the
Army to accompany the military escort, but he
had none to spare. Many important posts and
large detachments of the Army are frequently
withoutan Army surgeon, from the small number
that compose that corps. I had the number-in-
creased during the last session, and even now
they are not adequate to the necessities of the
service.
Sir, does any gentleman question the right
of Captain Smith, under the circumstances in
•which he was placed, to have made the contract
which he did with Dr. Kennerly? He was a
thousand miles distant from the seat of authority
—in command of a detachment of our Army—
some already sick, and all liable to sickness, and
also to wounds and casualties in their conflicts
with the Indians, and yet unprovided with any
medical attendant. Wili it be maintained by any
gentleman on this floor, that he was not author-
ized under such circumstances to employ com-
petent medical attendance upon the troops under
his command? Andif he had not the strict legal
and technical right, who here will censure him
for its exercise under such circumstances ? Who
will be found to repudiate a fair and reasonable
contract, made by him in good faith, to guard
and preserve the health and lives of our soldiers ?
And who is this Dr. Kennerly whose claim is
hunted down with as much unsparing ferocity
as if ho were perpetrating some fraud upon the
Government? A gentleman, sir, of the highest
I and most estimable character—a surgeon of em-
j inence for his years—now residing upon his estate
j in Virginia, surrounded by the respect, the con-
fidence, and the love, of all who know him.. He
dealt with this Government in the full confidence
that it would appreciate and acknowledge the
obligations of good faith, and not seek to screen
itself from the stipulations of a contract by a
resort to the most discreditable quibbles. Ha
litis performed his part of the engagement with
fidelity. This is vouched for by Colonel Emory,
Captain Smith, and by all who were concerned
in seeing to the faithful performance of his duties.
Will you hesitate to discharge your part of the
contract, made for you by an officer of competent
authority, with an honest, patriotic purpose of
I serving your interests? Sir, I am perfectly
amazed that there could be found in this Hall
I gentlemen who, in their excessive zeal to protect
J the Treasury, could be found to array themselves
with so much determination against a claim in-
significant ill amount, and yet so just and proper
as this.
It is well to have gentlemen hero watchful of
all appropriations, and prompt to sound the alarm
whenever any insidious approaches are being
made at your public Treasury. Yet these men,
sir, to preserve the beneficial attitude which they
have assumed as guardians of the public inter-
ests, should exercise some discrimination in their
j assaults upon the bills before this body. Above
i all, sir, they should not permit their great love
i of economy to blind them to the demands of
public honor and public faith. Sir, to reject this
claim would, in my judgment, justly subject this
Government to the charge of a gross breach of
faith to one of her own citizens. This is not a
matter of implied or constructive obligation. It
is a clear, well defined, well guarded written con-
tract, tinder which you have obtained the val-
uable services of one of your most respectable
citizens, and which you cannot now repudiate
without dishonor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to let the memorial of the claimant be read.
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by gen-
eral consent, as the House has closed debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It appears by this
man's own memorial, that at the time he made '
the contract the escort consisted of taut fifty men.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the pas-
sage of the bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allen, Barbour, Barksdale,
Bell. Benson, Billingliurst, Bingham, Boyce, Broom, Buf-
finto'n, James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Chaffee,
Kayard Claike, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Uoltax, Connns,
Cullen, Davidson, Jacob C. Davis,Timothy Davis, Denver,
De Witt, Dickson, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Lthcndge,
Faulknei, Flagler, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Grow,
Au-'ustus Hall, RobertB. Hall, Harrison, Herbert, Hodges,
HoFloway, Valentine B. Hortou, Jewett, Kelly, Knapp,
Matte«on, Killian Miller, Millson, Milhvard, Moore, Mor-
rill, Morrison, Murray, Nichols. Parker, Pelton, Porter,
I'umance, Quitman, Eivers, Bobbins, Roberts, Rust,
Sabin, Sapp, Savage, Beward, Sherman, Spinner, Stephens,
Tappan, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Wakeman, Cad-
