1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
'4#i
wnlader C. Washburne, Elhliu Washbnrne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, ami Zollicoffer >85.
jv^.VYS— Messrs. Alters, Ball, Barclay, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Biancli Brenton, Burnett, Caskie, Clingmati, Howell
Cobb, Williamson 11. VV. (Jobb, Covode, Cttmback, l)am-
llortoii, Hoi^ton, George W. Jones, Kent, Knight, Knox.
Lake, loiter, I.etelier, Humphrey Marshall, .Saimiel S.
Maishall, McCarty, McMullin, MeOueen, Smith .Miller,
Morgan, Norton, Terry, Pettit, Phelps), Pike, Powell,
Pringle, Puryesfr, Rieaud, Huffin, Sage, Sandidse, Bcott,
Shorter, Simmons. Samuel A. Smith, William 11. Smith,
Sneed, Stanton, Talbott, Taylor, Thorinirton, Thurs
ton, Underwood, Wade, Walbiulge, Waldion, Walkins,
Wheeler, Whitney, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John
V. Wright—81.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
It was stated that Mr. Ivnowlton was detained
from the House by indisposition.
Mr. PAINE stated that if lie had been present
when his name was called, he would have voted
in the negative.
Mr. SAPP moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE53.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call on the
standing committees for reports in private cases.
Mr. BISHOP, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate resolution (No. 8) for the
relief of Hall Neilson, with the recommendation
that it do pass; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Hou.se pay to James
Voun«r. out of the contingent fund, Mich s-uin as lie shall
asMiTtain til hi' necessary to make the annual compensation
of said Young, when was rleiU of (he Committee ot
Claims, equal to that paid to any engrossing elcik of tins
IToiwc puor to lb 14, and during the tune he was to em-
ployed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How does this
committee get power to report this resolution ?
Mr. BISHOP. The co mm it tee report this reso-
lution oil the petition of the claimant, which was
referred to them for consideration. I move that
it be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I have never known
any instance where such a resolution was referred
to the Committee of the Whole House. I object
to tlie resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of W. W. Wimer, postmaster at West
Zanesville, Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the.
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of John H. Shepherd
and Walter It. Caldwell, of Pike county, Mis-
souri; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. RARBOUR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back Senate bill (No. 131)
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to ap-
prove the accounts of the marshal for the district
of Missouri, for furniture provided for the use
of the circuit court of the United States for said
' district at the April term of said court, held at
St. Louis in the-year 1834, with an amendment,
and with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that this bill be put on
its passage. It is a matter of great public inter-
est. The marshal of the district referred to was,
under the order of the judge, required to furnish
for the coui't a set of furniture deemed by it to
be necessary. There was not time for obtaining
an order from the Secretary of the Interior for
that purpose. The Committee on the Judiciary
make a favorable report.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the amount ?
Mr. PHELPS. Three hundred dollars.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Docs the Secre-
tary of the Interior recommend its passage? *
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that he approves
the expenditure. Under the existing law his
order must be obtained prior to the procurement
of the articles; and there was not time to%et
that order for the meeting of the court.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me,
that if the Secretary's order could have made it
valid before, itcoulil make it so after the articles
hid been procured. This may be all right; but
there arc some instances where there has been
very extravagant expense in the furnishing of
court-rooms, amounting not to hundreds, but to
thousands of dollars.
The amendment of the committee was read, as
follows:
Sfc. "2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Inteiior be directed to pay to the maisha! lor the dis-
trict of Indiana the account of Messrs. Weaver & Wil-
liam* for furniture purchased tor the use of the eleik's
office of the district court lor the distnet of Indiana, not
exceeding the sum of $138: Provided, That in each case
propei vouchers be presented.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN. Must not the bill, as it
makes an appropriation, go for its first consider-
ation to a Committee of the Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill does not make nn appropriation.
The bill as amended was ordered to be read
the third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BA.III30UJI moved to amend the title by
adding the words:
And for the allowance and payment to the marshal of
the district of Indiana tor the account of lurmtuie lor the
office of the clcik of the ch-tuct court for the diitnct of
Indiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider do lie upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of the
sureties of Charles W. Cutter, Navy Agent at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House,and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
vote by which the bill was referred be reconsid-
ered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider do lie upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Roswell
W. Haskins, of Buffalo, New York; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of tjie Whole House, and, with th* report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. II. MARSHALL, from the same com-
mittee, reported back with an amendment a bill
of the Senate for the relief of Adam D. Stcuart;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the several
memorials ot Lpwh W. Dangerfield, son of William I)an-
gorficid, of Fmlotick-burg, in the rit-ite of Vngmin, piaying
a pension lor the services of his lather m the war of the
Revolution; the petition of Reuben Hill for increa.^e of
pennon; the petition of the hens of William Smith for a
pension; and the petition of Molly Wedyevvood Ilofob, of
Northampton, New Hampshire, for a pension on account
of revolutionary services of her deceased husband; and that
the same be referred to the Committee oil Revolutionaiy
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary, Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the memo-
rial of True Eaton, of New I-I.unpbhirc, for a grant of public
land on account of services in the war of 1812, and that
the same be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged front the lurther consideration of the memo-
rial of the heirs of Sarah Aylott and others; and that the
same be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CLAWSON, from the Committee" on
Revolutionary Claims, reported-a bill for the
relief of the heirs oif Moses Elnor, deceased;
which was read a first and second time i referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, Willi
the report, ordered to bo printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. When the Committee on
the Judiciary was called, I omitted to make a
report of a bill Much I desire to report now. It
is an act to enable parties to obtain testimony
before commissioners in the District of Columbia.
A suit is pending in Virginia of very considerable
importance, and I was surprised to find that there
is 110 law compelling the attendance of witr.dssea
before commissioners appointed to take testimony.
We report a general bill, granting relief in this
case, and applying to all like cases.
No objection being made, the bill was reported,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask to pat that bill upon
its passage.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I object.
The bill was then referred to a Committee
of a Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEITER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Anson
Dart; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed. -
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
vote by which the bill was referred be reconsid-
ered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Q.U1TMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Allans, reported back without amendment,
and with a recommendation that they do pass,
the following bills; which were severally referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed:
An act (S. No. 437) for the relief of Ephraim
Hunt; and
An act (S. No. 309) for the relief of Charles
McCormack, assistant surgeon in the United
States Array.
Mr. SAPP, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill increasing the pension of Peter D. An-,
keny;
A bill to increase the pension of William Nash;
and
A bill for the relief of the officers and soldiers
of the Armv who were stationed at Fort Kearny,
Nebiaska Territory, previous to the 1st day of
March, 1853.
Mr. SAPP also, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the petitionof William Bishop
and others, operators m the ordnance department,
for bounty land; also, the petition in the caw. of
Urbano Pearloy; and the petitions and reports
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,
presented adverse reports in the case of the peti-
tion of Beverly Jones, and of the petition of
Jonathan Fay and David Alden; and the peti-
tions and reports were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, from the sawa
committee, presented adverse reports in the case
of the petition of Robert Johnston, and m the
case of the petition of William Black's company
of Florida volunteers; and the petitions and re-
ports were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 25") for the relict
of Oscar F. Johnson, a passed midshipman in the
United States Navy; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. BENSON, it was
Ordered, That tlie Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged Horn tfic- further consideration ot the petition or
John Saltor, and that the petition and the report thereon
be laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it da
pass, an act (S. No. 350) for the relief of Dr .
Charles D. Maxwell, a mirgeon u  the Umteu,
