1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GI.OBE.
An act (S. No. 392) for the relief of Andrew
A. H. Knox and Joseph 0. Campbell, of the
State of Louisiana. Referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
An act (S. No. 393) for the relief of John
Temple, of Louisiana. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
An act (S. No. 479) to continue the pension
heretofore paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of
Captain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United
States Arrnjr. Referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 211) making a reappropriation
from the surplus fund for the relief of Lieuten-
ant John Guest, United States Navy, and others;
An act (S. No. 461) for the relief of John H.
Horne; and
An act (S. No. 3G0) for the relief of Thomas
J. Churchill.
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 399)
for the relief ofCharlotto Turner. I have a tele-
graphic dispatch from the claimant, to the effect
that unless the bill is passed at once she will lose
her preemption right to a certain piece of land to
which she is clearly entitled.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third lime and passed.
■ Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further ;
consideration of a bill (H. R. No. C57) for the
relief of John Shaw, a spy in the war of 1812.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
The SPEAKER stated that, if there were no
objection, bills on the Speaker's table to which
there was no objection would be taken up for
reference.
There was no objection.
An act (S. No. 296) for the relief of Sally T.
Mathews.
The SPEAKER. The Senate insists on its
disagreement to the amendment of the House,
and asks for a committee of conference. The
amendment is as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlndhe it fuithcr enacted, That from and after
the passage of tins act, any clerk, messenger, or other per-
son, permitted to enter the service of the United States
without the authority of law, the compensation due for such
service, when paid by the Government, shall be deducted
by the accounting officers from the salary or compensation
due or accruing to the head of Department or bureau who
may have so employed such person without such authority
aforesaid, Hides?. the President hliall certify that such assist-
ants are absolutely necessary to the public service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House insist on its amendment, and agree to the
conference asked on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Senate resolution for the election of Chaplain.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
An act (S. No. 502) to amend an act granting
public lands, in alternate sections, to the State of
Alabama, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The bill makes no
appropriation of land; it makes a mere change of
name.
Mr. HOUSTON. It provides for a change of
name—from the name in the original act to the
chartered name of the company.
Mr. TODD objected.
An act (S. No. 475) relating to the acknowl-
edgment of deeds, &c., in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A resolution (S. No. 7) for the appointment of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
An act (S. No. 62) to change the time of hold-
ing the district court of the United,States in and
for the district of Wisconsin,"and to compensate
thejud^e of said district for his service.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act (S. No. 493) to expedite telegraphic
communication for the use of the Governments in
its foreign intercourse.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
An act (H. R. No. 411) for the admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union, with an
amendment. Referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
A joint resolution (H, R. No. 4) for supplying
new members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives with such books of a public character
as have been heretofore supplied, with an amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
A joint resolution (S. No. 7) for the purchase
of Dr. Kane's forthcoming work on Arctic ex-
plorations; and for the presentation of medals to
his officers and men.
The resolution was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Library.
An act (S. No. 251) to authorize the President
of the United States to cause to be procured by
purchuse or otherwise a suitable steamer to be
stationed at the port of New York as a revenue
cutter, and for the purpose of affording relief to
distressed vessels, their passengers and crews,
with an amendment.
The bill was read a first and second time; and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER l,iid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, sub-
mitting a report in reply to the resolution of the
House of January 19, calling for information as
to the salary of Ninian Edwards, superintendent
of the Wabash Salines; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAPP,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill for the relief of the heirs of James Cisne,
deceased; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Claims a bill for the relief
of George W. Biscoe; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to lie printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. COBB, of Geor-
gia, (at two o'clock and fifty-live minutes,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 20, 1857.
Prayer by theChapluin, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of soldiers of
the war of 1812 and others, praying to be allowed
pensions; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr: IVERSON presented the memorial of John
W. Phillips, praying for indemnity for the loss
of the schooner Two Brothers, in consequence
of her being dismantled and broken up by the
United States troops at Brazos Santiago, in July,
1846; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of John
B. Evans, remonstrating against adopting tin as
a substitute for fusible alloy to prevent the ex-
plosion of steam boilers; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of William R. Nevins, praying
for an extension of a patent for a machine to cut
crackers, submitted an adverse report thereon.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Hiram Paulding, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 524) for his relief; which, was
read and. passed to a. second reading, and the
report was ordered, to D"e printed. " "■
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
474) in addition to art act more effectually to pro-
vide for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States, and for other purposes, re-
ported it without amendment. f
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 405) for the relief of Commander John
L. Saunders, reported it with an amendment., and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, reported a bill (S. No. 525) for his relief;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom
wore referred tho petition of ltufua Peter, the petition of
William D. Young:, the petition of William M. Storm, and
the petition of John Hughes, be discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to,
ask leave to introduce a bill to secure to' actual
settlers alternate sections of land Reserved in the
grants made to the States for railroads.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives agrees to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 296) for the
relief of Sally T. Mathews, and have appointed
Messrs. Jones, of Tennessee, Todd, and King,
conferees on the part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the
Senate (No. 131) authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to approve the account of the mar-
shal of the district of Missouri for furniture pro-
vided for the use of the circuit court of the United
States for said district, at the April term of said
court held at St. Louis, in the year 1854, with
amendments, in which it requests the concurrence
of the Senate.
Also, that it had passed the following House
bills, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
An act (No. 399) for the relief of Charlotte
Turner;
An act (No. 767) for .the benefit of Anthony
Devitt, late a sergeant in the third artillery of the
United States Army; and
An act (No. 7C8) for the relief of James Duncan.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the tfonate how many military and other reserva-
tions for the suttlemoni of Indian tribes have been made,
the xuv of curb, and the number of Indians upon each ;
al<o, the number of white persons upon each, and their
compensation ; the animal co^t to the United States of eaett 
ie^oi vatioit, and whether by the existing regulations these'
rebi-rvationn are worked in common by the Indians for their
common benefit, or what means, it any, arc used to secure
oach Indian the separate enjoyment of the proceeds of his
own laboi. Abo, what system has been adopted to induce
the Indians to labor upon these reservations, the practical
results of that system so far, and whether the proceeds of
those reservations have been directed exclusively to the
purposes for winch they Were made.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR INDIANS.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso- .
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consctit, arid ugreed to:
Resolved, That tfi" Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the donate how much of the money appropriated
for the Indian tribes in the last fiscal year has been ex-
pended upon tiiern, (specifying the sum paid to each;) also,
as to the amounts withheld trom eacb of the" tribes, and
whether these amounts are in the bands of the disbursing
agents or stiil undrawn from the Treasury of the United
States.
SURVEY OF NIAGARA RIVER.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War direct that the top-
ographical engineer* inquire and report whether the pub-
lic interest wjjl be promoted by a survey of the Niagara
river, or of any, and what part, of the samo.
