THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON", D, C.
Thirty-Fourtii Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1857.
New Serie3....No.
Mr. HUNTER. Private bills no doubt will
have preference on Friday. I want this bill out
of the way for the present. I move that it be
postponed until Saturday next.
Mr. "VVADE. Yery well.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK-
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
301) authorizing the establishment of a naval
depot on Blythe Island, at Brunswick, on the
coast of Georgia, and for other purposes; the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Mallory to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. Before the vote is taken 1 desire
to say a few words, and I shall detain the Senate
but a very few minutes I shall vote in favor of
the recommittal. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, through their chairman, ask it. It would
be according to the usual courtesies of the body,
to say nothing of its proper and usual practice,
to gratify the desire of the committee, and to give
them opportunity for further consideration. There
is gieat appropriateness and propriety in the
recommittal — both in the request made by the
committee and in the action which the chairman
moves in behalf of the Senate, because the subject
has never been considered by this body; it has
never been considered by any committee of this
body. Jt is entirely immature, both as to the
subject-matter and as to the form in which the
bill comes before us. The establishment of
a navy-yard on the southern Atlantic coast,
although it has been agitated for the last twenty
or twenty-live years, has never been before the
Senate as a subject for consideration. There hay
never been any recommendation from any Secre-
tary of the Navy for the establishment of a yard
at Brunswick, or at any other point, except at
Charleston. There was once a recommendation
to that ciFect. The establishment of a yard at
Brunswick, or at any other point, has never been
considered by the Senate, or by any committee
of the Senate; but it came up here suddenly at
the close of the last session, without opportunity
for reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs;
and although it was referred, it was not consid-
ered by them, because they had ceased to hold
meetings when the bill came from the House of
Representatives. There is, therefore, every pro-
priety in a recommittal, in order that it may be
considered, not only upon its own merits, but
with reference to other matters which have been
referred by the Senate to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and which are involved in the decision
upon this bill. I allude to the suggestions from
the State of North Carolina, in relation to a yard
which they propose, and which they recommend
upon their coast; and from the State of South
Carolina, with respect to locations on their coast;
and from the State of Florida, with respect to a
location on their coast; and from respectable
parties in Georgia, with reference to other loca-
tions on their coast.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] com-
plained that this bill had been postponed at the
last session and a vote prevented by reason of
my holding and occupying the floor, with a
threat to continue to do so until the close of the
session. If the Senator will review the proceed-
ings of that day, he will find himself to have
been totally mistaken. So far from it, the floor
was successively occupied by six gentlemen after
I had ceased to say what I desired to say, and
what I deemed it proper to present on the occa-
sion. The only suggestion which I made to the
Senate—and I gave the reasons which induced
that suggestion—was, that the subject was too
important to be disposed of in so hasty a manner
at the heel of the session, without examination
by the committee; and the discoveries made since
that time fully vindicate the position I then took.
The Senator also complained that I had caused
30
the postponement of the bill, although the whole
subject of a proper location had been examined
by the Navy Department, and Brunswick had
been recommended as the result of that examin-
ation; and he said that he had made the motion
upon which the Secretary of the Navy caused
those examinations to be made. The Senator
is quite as wrong in his memory upon that fact
as upon the other. The resolution which he
presented applied solely to Brunswick, and the
report of the Secretary applied solely to Brmm-
wiek. So far from rfvnmmendmg the establish-
! ment of a nnvy-yard there, he expressly declares
! in his report that he cannot recommend the es-
■ tabhshmont of a yard at Brunswick; that he is
j not prepared to recommend it, and that he docs
; not know it to be the best point.
| In vindication of the suggestion which I made
' at the last session, I say that facts have since
| been disclosed, which show not only that the
| Senate acted wisely then, but that they would
I act unwisely now to proceed without a commit-
: tal of this matter to a committee; for what have
; been the developments? That Brunswick, al-
though a pretty good commercial harbor, is not
j a naval harbor at all; and thai on the other hand
; there is, within the State of South Carolina, ft
> harbor, which m a ship-of-the-line harbor, a sev-
; enty-four harbor, and in e\ cry other K-speU. not
j only the equal, but the superior of Brunswick.
; 1 am not pivp.iied to say that I should be willing
' to vote now, at once, without recommittal, for
, the establishment of a iruy-yard at Port Uoyal.
[The subject is too important, not only m its
money aspect, but in it,' reference to the general
! defenses of the country, and the efficiency of the
| Navy, for hasty action. In its money aspect it is
! of high importance. The. yawl itself will cost
! millions m improvements, and a system of fortift-
j cation must ensue which will cost millions. But
| it has a higher aspect in its i elation to the defense
i of the southern coast. New events have occurred
I since the examination of these harbors m i836,
j that change the policy upon which we should act
! in regard to the establishment of a navy-yard.
The fortifications which have been commenced
and are progressing to completion at Tortugas
and at Key West give us assurance of harbors
of refuge and safety, and of naval rendezvous,
which will protect the commerce of the country
in the Gulf of Mexico. The great point which
you want to cover in the establishment of a naval
1 depot on the southern Atlantic coast, is to pro-
j tect the great commercial depots of the South,
i and they arc Charleston and Savannah. This
| gives a new aspect to the policy which we should
regard m the establishment of a naval depot.
There has been some dispute in reference to
i the depth of water at Brunswick and at Port
1 Royal. This is a matter capable of exact decis-
ion. and of perfect ascertainment. The coast
survey which is now progressing, and which, if
worth anything at all, must be valuable as fur-
' nishing us with the exact depth of water on the
coast, affords us the means, without regard to
anything that is past, of an exact and perfect as-
certainment of the depth at the two points, which
I will procced now to consider in comparison with
each other. I have obtained from the Coast Sur-
vey office, within the last day or two, the precise
( facts in regard to the matter, and they vary alto-
' gether from the conclusions that the Senators
! from Georgia have formed with the data before
; them. Here is exactly the depth of water at those
; harbois, as ascertained by the coast survey. Mr.
1 Bachc writes to me on the 2:Jd of January—a few
j days ago:
i In compliance with your request, f furnish in the an-
t nexcti table the depths over Ihe bars at Port Royal, South
' Carolina, and St. SimonN, (tiruu wick,) Georgia, at mean
' low and mean higii water."
I Port Royal has three entrances, one of scven-
[ teen feet at low water and twenty-four feet at
' high water; one of nineteen feet at low water and
twenty-six feet at high water; but the third and
• most important is twenty fca at low water and
' t\venty-«--vcn f.-ot at high water. Brunswick, on
the other hand, has seventeen feet at low water,
and twenty-three, and one tenth feet at high water.
This is the exact depth of the two bars—at high
water a difference of four feet in favor of Port
Royal, and at low water a difference of throe feet.
This difference, as between the high and low
water marks, results from the fact, that instead of
there being a mean rise of seven feet at Bruns-
wick, as claimed by the Senators from Georgia,
theie is a mean rise of only six and one tenth feet,
while at Port Royal there is a mean rise of Seven
feel and a fraction.
Mr. 1VEUSON. The honorable Senator will
allow me to correct him.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. 1VERSON. 1 will correct the statement
of one of the officers of the Coast Survey by the
statement of another officer of the Coast Survey
who actually made a survey last year—Lieuten-
ant Tieuchard. He says of Brunswick bar:
" Seventeen feet can be carried over at mean low
water." Then ho says, " The mean rise and fait
of ordinary tides is seven feet, and of the spring
tides from nine to ten feet." Adding seven ana
seventeen together, according to my arithmetic,
you have twenty-four.
Mr. YULEE. Now I will correct the gentle-
man, and show him that he is proceeding on data
not reliable. Lieutenant Trenchant wrote that
letter at the time he made the survey, but tho
mean me ami fall of tides depends on a long
scries of tidal observations.
Mr. IVHRSON. lie marie them for seventy-
• one days, according to las leport.
I Mr.YlJLEE. They had not then been worked
| up, but they have since been made and worked
j up. Two series of trial observations have been
j made, and a third is being made; and this which
j the Superintendent now gives is the nearest ap-
proximation to the exact depth which the state,
of tho tidal observations and the computations of
the Coast Survey officers enable them to make.
These corrections arc continually occurring. That
is the state of the fact.
Now, let us look at the value which these re-
spective depths have upon the question before
us. The object is to know whether either of thesa
places, and if either, which, is suited to naval'
purposes; and to determine that, you must be
governed by a consideration of what the naval
uses require. To know that, you must have the
water draught of our vessels of war. X have ob-
tained from the Navy Department the official and
exact data on that point. The "low draught."
of asloop-of-war is seventeen feet six inches. By
that they mean the draught, of a vessel armed and.
equipped for a cruise. The low draught of a
frigate is twenty-two feet eight inches; the low
draught of a ship-of-thc-Ime twenty-five feet eight
inches; the low draught of the .c;team-fri.irate V/;i-
bash, which is of the class of frigates lately built,
is twenty-two feet eight inches. Thus we have
the means of ascertaining precisely tho value of
these harbors as naval stations. "What is the
result? Taking the rule which has been pro-
posed, and properly proposed, by the commis-
sioners who made the examination m IS.'Hi, you
find that the harbor of Brunswick is not even a
sloop-of-war harbor, because, in addition to the
seventeen and a half feet of the draught of ft
sloop-of-war, you require a foot or more for a
sailing vessel to prevent her striking in the undu-
lations of the waves in crossing a bar. Yo.u will
require, therefore, at least eighteen and a half
feet. The commissioners, whose report has been
quoted, in 183G proposed,as the tests of suitablo
ness for a naval depot, a number of considera-
tions. The first is:
" Sufficient depth of water to permit free access at any
atage of the tide for the heaviest class of ships of war."
It appears that at no state of the tide can any
ship of war of the largest or smallest class of our
Navy cross that bar; but they can cross at Port
Royal by three different channels at tho lowest
tide, for there is at two of them nineteen feet, and
at another twenty feet. At three channels m Port
Royal, sloops-of- war at the lowest tide can croso,
