466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
but at 110 time can a sloop-of-war cross at low
tide at Brunswick.
Suppose you take the high water-mark. Then
you have at Port Royal a harbor suited for
seventy-fours and line-of-battle ships, while you
have not at Brunswick anything more than a
sloop-of-war harbor. You have not a frigate har-
bor there, because the depth being twenty-three
feet one inch, and the draught of a frigate being
twenty-two feet eight inches, you are lacking, at
the very top of the tide, half a foot to enable a
frigate to enter. You have, therefore, strictly at
high tide, only a sloop-of-war harbor; while at
Port Royal, where there are twenty-seven feet
at high tide, you may not only take in a frigate,
but you may take in a ship-of-thc-line; for there
you have twenty-five feet eight inches, leaving a
foot and a half of clear water under a ship-of-
the-line.
Is the report of the Coast Survey corroborated
by the previous surveys which have been made
as to the depth of water at these points? I say
yes; and I use the very material which the Sena-
tors from Georgia have furnished. First, as to the
survey made by Lieutenant Stockton, which com-
missioners on the part of Georgia have declared
to be a perfectly accurate survey; what is the
result of liis survey made in 182G with reference
to the establishment of a naval depot? It is this;
'• At low water, dining the spring tides, there is fourteen
feet; at low water, (iuiing common tide>, there is fifteen
feet, when the water is not infected by the winds. Sixteen
feet may sometimes lie brought overat low water when the
wind has been for any tune Mowing from the eastward."
This is the result of a survey made by Lieu-
tenant Stockton of the Navy, assisted by Mr.
Sherburne, at the request of the Senate, and re-
sulted in showing that there were fourteen feet
at low water instead of seventeen feet, but that a
vessel of sixteen feet draught might sometimes
go over the bar. Lieutenant Stockton also de-
clares that " the average summit level of the tide
is calculated to be six feet," thus corroborating
the Coast Survey in another particular.
The next examination which was made was by
commissioners appointed by the Legislature of
Georgia in the year J835 or IH36. 1 have their
report here. It was made by these commissioners
for the express purpose of promoting the estab-
lishment of a navy-yard by the authority of Con-
gress in a port in Georgia. What was the result
of their examination? 'They declare in their re-
port to the Legislature, that " of the entire safety ,
nnd excellence of this bar (Brunswick) for ships j
drawing from twenty to twenty-one feet of water, '
we can speak ill terms of the highest approba-
tion."
There was the limit which the commissioners
of Georgiain their report to their Legislature fixed
upon the capacity of that bar, viz: that it might
be safely navigated by vessels drawing from
twenty to twenty-one feet. The Senate will per-
■eeive that that is a depth totally insufficient for
the use of a frigate, and only sufficient for a sloop-
of-war. In that same report they say:
" As we found Stockton's report very accurate in every
reaped, and an he had spent Home time in the survev, we
concluded that the water on the bar may be set down at
from sixteen to t,eveiitocii feet at low water, and twenty-
two to twenty.three feci ;u high water.''
They therefore fixed the mean rise and fall of
the tide at six feet, and fixed the highest point
of navigation at twenty-one to twenty-two fret, j
The nnljr other examination was that made by ,
a commission of naval officers* who, at a single '
sounding, reported eighteen feet, without an op-
portunity of making any tidal observations, and
who also placed the mean rise and fall at six feet.
Mr. President, it being certain that Port Royal
has advantages, so far as water is concerned, the I
next question which arises is, is there any other ;
particular in which the one place may be regarded i
as the superior of the other? But before 1 pro- !
c«ed to that comparison I wish to say that there '
is another port hi the State of Georgia which has I
been examined with reference to this particular i
matter, and which may be worthy of the atten-!
tion of the committee." It is the port of Supello, !■
which was examined by Lieutenant Glynn, of '
the United States Navy, undei the direction of !
the Secretary of War, at the request of the Sen- |
ate of the United States, in 1837; and I have be-1
fore me a copy of his report, as furnished by the !
Navy Department, which shows at Supello a foot |
lUore water than at Brunswick. There the United I
States own an island of eleven hundred acres,
which was purchased for naval purposes. If it
is proposed to establish a navy-yard in this
vicinity, it may well be questioned whether it may
not deserve the examination of the committee to
determine if Supello, where the United States
own eleven hundred acres of land, purchased
expressly for the purpose, and on which Lieuten-
ant Glynn in this report states there is live-oak
enough to furnish all necessary repairs for the
vessels of our Wavy for a long time, be a proper
point. It has the advantage of a foot of water
over Brunswick, and is in the same vicinity. It
may deserve consideration by the Senate in com-
parison with other points which are proposed; for
there we can not only save the expense of pur-
chasing a new site, but we can use property
already purchased by the United States for this
very object, atul upon which there is live-oak
enough now to answer all the purposes of the
Navy, as this officer slates, for many years in the
way of repairs. The harbor is between St.
Catherine's Island and Supello, and admits a foot
more water than Brunswick, and is as safe and
tine a harbor as there is oil the whole southern
coast.
The first objection which was made to Port
Royal by the honorable Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] was, that you call carry only four-
teen feet up to Beaufort after crossing the bar at
Port Royal. Inreply to that, I will call his atten-
tion to this item of the report of Lieutenant Tren-
ch tird in relation to Brunswick, which has been
placed on our tabic, and which would seem to be
a counterpoise to his argument in reference to a
navy-yard at Port Royal:
" The mud flat making out from Ilrandy Foint prevent*
more than ten t'eet being earned up to iirun-wiek at low
water.''
That, is four feet less than can be carried up to
Beaufort. How can the Senator explain that?
Mr. I VERSO,V Mr. President 
Mr. TOOMBS. If my colleague will allow me,
when the time comes, I will answer.
Mr. IVEUSON. Doubtless it is a matter easy
of explanation. Brunswick is on the main land
to the light as you go into the harbor, and Blythe
Island is on the left. Lieutenant Trenchard says
there are from twenty-five to thirty feet of water
all along the coast of Blytlic Island; while only
ten feet can be carried over the mud flat to Bruns-
wick. That liea between the channel of the har-
bor and the city of Brunswick. The Senator
knows that very well.
Mr. YULKE. 1 do know it very well.
Mr. IVEUSON. Then why endeavor to make
a different impression ?
Mr. YUL KU. I extract that reply for the pur-
pose of answering an objection made by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, that only fourteen feet could
bo carried to Beaufort. The answer is precisely
as in the other case, that Beaufort is not the point
proposed for a navy-yard; that it is upon Broad
river, or Beaufort river, as it is on Turtle river in
the other case, where a location is proposed for
a nayy-yard. The question arises, is there a
location on Broad river, and within the harbor
ot Port Royal, suitable for naval purposes; for
that is the question which has been sought in the
case of Brunswick. No gentleman can look on
this map of the Coast Survey without seeing that
there arc several beautiful sites for it, where the
water has thirty feet of depth close to the shore.
This is thi1 case at several well-sheltered points
suitable for the establishment of a navy-yard.
Beyond that I have sought other information. I
have sought information from the chief of the
Bureau of Hydrography, Captain Ingraham, of
the Navy, who is possessed of local information
that enables liim to give an opinion, and I will
read his reply to a letter of inquiry from me on
that point:
Brui'ac op Ordkance a\-d Hvnp.nf;:; a pity,
Washing-ion, January 2d, j8.17.
Sin: In answer to tile questions you propound to me m
your iener of tin: ;M;!i instant, I can only say that, upon
several occasion-, some years unco. 1 visited unofficially,
Poit Royal or Beaufort, in South Oaiolina. It is a tine
harbor, and I should think upon its shores a site eould lie
ioynd for a navy-yaid. ISeautuit and Hilton Head are gen-
erally considered as healthy locations as can bo found on
the southern sea-hoard. There is a good inland steamboat
communication between Charleston and Geaufort, and be-
tween Beaufort and Savannah.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
D. N. JNC.KAHAM,
Hon. D. I„ Yih.be, United States Senate.
In corroboration of the chart itself, we have the
opinion of Captain Ingraham from his knowledge
of the localities that it can be done; and it is
worthy the examination of the committee and the
Senate before they commit themselves upon this
subject.
The Senate will find that the depth stated by
Mr. Bache in reference to Brunswick is corrob-
orated also by " Blunt's Coast Pilot," which ia
the best marine authority we can have on this
subject. By him it is stated that the average risa
and fall of the tide at Brunswick is six feet, as all
the others state. Now, then, let us take up the
several points of comparison which arc proposed
by the naval officers who constituted the commis-
sion. The first is:
" Sufficient depth of water to permit access at any state
of tiie tide lor the heaviest class of ships of war."
At high tide it is seen that the heaviest class
of ships can enter at Port Royal; but nothing
beyond a sloop-of-war can enter at Brunswick.
That is settled. The second point is:
'■ Defense by land and by water."
In respect to the capacity for defense they
stand equal. The entrance at Port Royal is be-
tween two islands, on the points of which, on
both sides, forts may be erected. The board of
military engineers who were appointed to report
upon the subject of the general defense of the
coast, set down the cost of defense at Port Royal
at $300,000, which does not need, in their appre-
hension, a costly or difficult system of defense to
protect it against an enemy. On that point I for-
tified myself by inquiry at the engineer depart-
ment, where 1 am told there is no'peculiar diffi-
culty in the protection of that harbor more than
any other.
The next point is:
" Resources and supplies of every kind for the speedy
equipment of fleets."
I contend that, in this particular, Port Royal
j is the only point in the South which is suitable
| for the purposes of a navy-yard. It lies between
| the two great commercial cities of the South,
j Charleston and Savannah; about twenty miles
! from Savannah, and about sixty miles from
Charleston. Its connection with both these points
is stated in the report of General Bernard and
General Totten, in which they say, speaking of
Broad river, on Port. Royal roads:
" The value of this capacious roadstead as a harbor of
refuge depends on the depth that can be eariied over the
bar. This harbor, situated within sixty miles of the city
of Charleston, and twenty of the Savannah river, inter-
secting an interior water communication between those
cities, thereby seeming constant arrivals of supplies of
every kind, presents a high degree of importance, not only
as a haiboi of refuge, but also as a naval station."
They state the fact of an interior inland nav-
igation from Port Royal to Charleston and Savan-
nah at all times. What is the nature of that
inland communication will be shown by a refer-
ence to a plan of the Coast Survey, and there it
will be found:
" Ships which draw fourteen or fifteen feet may go in at,
[the entrance to Savannah,] and pioceed through, inland,
to Deaufort, in Port Royal Island."
Ships drawing fourteen or fifteen feet can enter
at Savannah, and proceed to Beaufort, inland:
" From Charleston, vessels drawing seven or eight feet
maj go tlnougli to thirty-five miles south of Savannah."
From Charleston to Port Royal they go through
inland with seven or eight feet, and Savannah
with fourteen or fifteen feet water. Let us see
i what consequences follow from this fact. You
| have a system of railroads from Charleston and
j Savannah which penetrate the interior to the Ohio
I and the Mississippi. Already the connection is
; complete to Memphis, on the Mississippi; and by
; the Blue Ridge road, which is in rapid process,
a connection from Louisville and Cincinnati will
be shorter to Charleston and Savannah than to
any other point on the Atlantic except Norfolk.
You have concentrated besides the interior coun-
try of South Carolinaand Tennessee by the lines
already completed, a connection between Charles-
ton and all the western country, and through the
inland navigation connection with this point.
More than that, you have a railroad in rapid
progress, with means fully provided, between
Charleston and Savannah, which will pass near
to Beaufortand make connection by railroad there.
You have also this further advantage, that your
location is one suitable to the defense of the two
