468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
between the capes of Virginia and the capes
"of Florida. You have six between Kittery, in
Maine, and the capes of Virginia, a distance of
less than a thousand miles on a straight line,
and you have none for two thousand miles be-
tween«the capes of Virginia and Pensacola. Why
is this? The fact that you have six where they
are not needed, does not dispense with the neces-
sity of having one at an appropriate place. I say
this is an appropriate place. It is too far to re-
quire vessels to go from the capes of Florida to
ftie capes of Virginia for occasional repairs. At
any point on that coast, you cannot even put in
a spar-—you cannot repair at all. The Secretary
of the Navy tolls you it is necessary to have a
place for repairs on the southern coast. We are
told that we have too many navy-yards of con-
struction, and that they are not at the right
places. The Secretary of the Navy so informs
us; but he does not pretend to say that, you do
not need one on the southern coast. Because
you have six or eight at wrong places, affords no
reason why you should not have one nt the right
place. 1 am inclined to think this is an error of
the Secretary of the Navy. I regard these estab-
lishments ns a very important and cheap defense,
as a necessary place of refuge for your ships
against, a superior force. Ill lime of war it m:iy
be necessary for them to avoid a superior force,
and to have places to refit after ail action. These j
establishments are a great defense for the coast, j
and wherever you can make them conveniently
with advantage to the public service, it should he
done. The cost of providing proper naval depots
for repairing purposes is comparatively incon-
siderable. Such a depot does not cost more lhan
$200,000. The Minnesota, which was recently
launched from this navy-yard, one of the most
superior frigates afloat, cost $2,000,000, and she
went off with thirteen feet waler at high tide, and
she is considered equal to the best seventy-four
ill any Navy.
Mr. YCJLKK. Shehad no nrmament 011 board.
Mr. TOOMIi.S. I am «wnii; of thai; but she
was built In re. and she gol nil' nt that height of
the tide, and was taken to t-oine other port to gi t
her armament. 1 ler nmrhiiiety was 111, and site
went down a river with three or four feet of
water less than we have at lirnnswick.
If on this great extent of coast, reaching two
thousand miles, you have no harbor into which
you can enter with a seventy-four, in that any
reason why you should not have protection of
any sort? tor the purposes of naval warfare,
email vessels with larger ejmis are being substi-
tuted all over the world. Large ships ere utterly
worthless 111 time of peace, whatever may be
their value in lime of war. 1 believe there is 110
case where we have sent n seventy-lour lo sea
since the last war with Great Britain. The ex-
pense is too great. We may have sent one or
two to Mexico during the recent war, but. 1 think
not. The bar of Hrunswick is deep enough to
admit the naval vessels which we keep in time
of peace for the protection of our commerce. It
can admit any vessel large enough to be brought
against any of our towns. If nothing but a
frigate can enter into a southern port, a frigate is
all that you want to defend it with. A11 enemy's
trigate off that coast cannot go up the Savannah,
although it can enter the harbor at the mouth,
on account of the want of water. 1 say you can
put in this harbor a vessel as large as the defense
of the coast needs. If you cannot have a frigate
harbor, that alforda no reason why you should
not have a sloop harbor. You should have the
very best defense that the country is capable of.
It does not follow, of course, that because you
have not a harbor that will accommodate a " sev-
en ty-four" with her full armament, you should
not therefore have places for any species of ves-
sels of war. That is not sound reasoning. Sev-
enty per cent, of your naval tonnage is below
seventy-fours, and neaily three fourths of your
public vessels can enter the port of Brunswick;
but because thirty per cent, cannot, you will have
none. That seems to be the argument!
The necessity of an establishment of this kind
on the southern coast I take to be beyond ques-
tion. This indentation on the coast of Georgia
and South Carolina is the proper place, because
it is about half way between Norfolk and Tor-
tugas, where the defenses of the Government are.
Key West is known to b* not nuituMc for the*
purpose, and has been so passed upon by com-
petent authority. Either of the points named on
the coast of South Carolina or Georgia, Port
Royal or Brunswick, is accessible to one of the
most important elements of ship-building—ship
timber. The idea of the Senator from Florida,
that Port Royal is more accessible for supplies, is
a fancy of his own without a solitary foundation.
It is not accessible any way but by water. As I
stated before, 110 communication with it is even
projected. The Senator from Florida alluded to
an island which the Government bought on the
coast of Georgia, consisting of eleven hundred
acres. That was procured as early as 1816; but
it was found not to be a suitable place. It had
depth of water, but no other requisite. The
board of navy commissioners who examined the
southern harbors state six requisites for a naval
station, all of which I reviewed. The commis-
sion examined the waters of Port Royal with
reference to each of those conditions.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will observe that
the commission placed the water at Port Royal
at sixteen foot. This was because they were not
informed. The Coast Survey has developed a
depth of twenty feet, which alters the ease. The
commissioners stated that if they could reach a
point on the Savannah river sufficiently high,
with the same water that they could carry into
the river, which was nineteen feet, they would
reconsider their conclusion in favor of Bruns-
wick, and prefer Savannah, because there would
be nineteen feet. Now, at Port Iloyal there are
twenty feet instead of nineteen.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am coming to that. I want
to show that the Senator's imagination has sup-
plied the groat dcfcct in his case, and I was going
to notice that very point. The commission ex-
amined the waters of Beaufort and Port Royal.
Beaufort was the only place there ever suggested
for a naval depot, because it had the other condi-
tions; but it was found to lack water. It had
not even seventeen feet of water, which is all the
Senator allows to Brunswick. It had no more
than thirteen feet. Though it had other condi-
tions, the commission said it lacked three; it
lacked wafer; it lacked accessibility; and it lacked
defensihility. The defense of a navy-yard is just
as necessary is depth of water. The Senator
from Florida says that anybody who will take
the surveys, and look at them, will find nineteen
feet of water in Port Royal, and there must be
some place there for a navy-yard. Nobody
reports any such place. Then there is defensi-
hility. The site selected must be one which can
W readily defended. It may be that in Port
Iloyal harbor you will get your n.ivy-yard against
a mud bank, where nobody can live. The Sen-
ator nays ho presumec—he has no doubt—he sup-
poses, of course, there writ be some place there;
but no human being has put a finger on the spot
at Port Royal which combines any of the condi-
tions necessary for a navy-yard, or has a single
one of them except water. The Senator from
Florida says, if you look at the survey you will
see nineteen feet. If there were a hundred feet,
the place might lack every other condition. It
might be indefensible; it might have no fresh
water; it might be sickly; it might be in no way
suitable for a navy-yard. You cannot tell that
from the surveys of the dep h of water.
Mr. YULEE. I read a letter from Captain
Ingraham.
Mr. TOOMBS. And what did he say ? That
he supposed some such place could be found.
Mr. YULEE. I referred to the chart which
showed that thirty feet might be carried up to
several points in the bay.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am now admitting the water;
but the Senator does not show a single point there
that has the recommendation of one human being
for a navy-yard, I say the idea is nothing but a
pretence—an invention of (he Senator's brain, to
defeat this object. We sent a commission to hunt
for a place, and they said none was there. They
said the point was improper, not because it had
not water, but because it had not accessibility or
dcfcnsibility. Now, 'he Senator says there is
water in Port Royal. I presume there is some-
wheie. I think one of the gentlemen from South
Carolina suggested that the Edisto river emptied
into Port Royal, and that there fresh water and
pure water might be found 111 abundance, though
th^ commission could not find it; and this is one
of the important essentials. The Senator has not
a recommendation from a bureau, from the Coast
Survey, or from any human being. Nobody puts
his finger on a single place in the waters of'Beau-
fort which has not been condemned.
It is twenty years since this commission waa
instituted. Its report has been lying in thfe
archives of the Navy Department from that time
to this. The commission was composed of three
competent officers of the Navy. Every southern
port, Beaufort among them, was examined by
them, and they gave the preference to Bruns-
wick. Here are# the surveys confirming their
report, except as to a few inches in regard to the
depth of water. All the other elements are
known and admitted by the Secretary of the
Navy himself to be in favor of Brunswick. Gen-
tlemen tell us, however, that they may find some-
where in the swamps of Beaufort, or somewhere
on Broad river, a place for a depot. I admit that
Broad river has the necessary depth of water, but
no other conditions. We sent the proper officers
to that point to look for a place, and they were
not able to find it. The idea of establishing a
depot there has been gotten up for no other pur-
pose but to defeat Brunswick, which, according
to the official information before the Senate of the
United States, has all the necessary conditions.
Gentlemen are hunting for pretexts and imagin-
ing places which the Government sent officers to
hunt for, and they could not find. The Senator
from Florida has not been able to lay his fingjer
on a point at Port Royal which has a single con-
dition necessary except depth of water. It is
true one of his letters says you probably may
find a point with depth of water near the Edisto
river, or somewhere else, but can you find a de-
fensible point there? If you have a place for
naval construction and the repairs of ships, which
you are unable to defend, you might as well give
it to the enemy.
There was the same difficulty in regard to the
island off the coast of Georgia, which the Sena-
tor says the Government purchased. There was
plenty of water, as the Senator has shown, at
that point, but it is an island of the ocean, and it
is impossible properly to defend the place. It
lacks the other conditions of health and an abund-
ant supply of fresh water, and accessibility ex-
cept by water; and that is exactly the case with
every place on Broad river.
This report has been twenty years in the Navy
Department unassaiied, and now it is not assailed
in a single point, with the exception of the dis-
covery of a deeper channel at Port Royal. The
facts stand just as they did twenty years ago
with this exception. All the other conditions for
a navy-yard, as reported by the board of three
officers of the Navy, stand unassaiied. I pay no
attention to the pretext for hunting up places as
aground of sending the bill to the committee.
How are the Committee on Naval Affairs to find
out the best place ? Have they any other facts
than those which are before the Senate? I sug-
gested the other day that the chairman of the
committee ought to tell us what other facts can
be before the Senate. He should state what they
are, and then the Senate can judge as to the rea-
sonableness of their taking the bill and choking
it, as was done last session. I say now, what X
said before, that I was satisfied then, and am
satisfied now, that the object of the Senator from
Florida [Mr. Yulee] was to defeat it, and he did
defeat it at the last session. The question had
been fully considered. On the 11th of January,
1855, two years ago, the Senate on my motion
passed a resolution calling for the facts. We
heard nothing of Port Royal until this session.
WhfMi the bill was before the House of Repre-
sentatives, nothing was heard of it. Two years
ago a resolution was passed calling on the proper
Department for all the facts. The answer was
printed and laid on our tables. No objection was
made until when the bill was about to pass, and
then Senators say there may be a better place on
the rice swamps, or somewhere else, at Beau-
fort. My reply is, we have hunted for it; we have
sent a commission of competent men of the Navy;
they have measured the water, and looked at the
other advantages, and they give the prefeience
decidedly to Brunswick. The Senator from Flor-
ida complains that the Secretary of the Navy has
not recommended it. The Secretary of the Navy
sends the report of those commissioners, giving
