1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
their decided preference, thereby indorsing it; and
he says he has no doubt a naval harbor for re-
pairs is necessary on the southern Atlantic coast.
.Another objection which seems to have been
sprang up in order to embarrass the bill, is the
fear that the $200,000 which the bill appropriates
for buying a site and preparing a place for the
repair of ships, will be spent altogether in buying
ti site on Blythe Island. My colleague told the
Senate the other day that that island is owned by
fifteen or twenty different persons, and the report
of the proper officers is that there are thirty feet
at low water all along the island. The Govern-
ment, therefore, can buy land at any point of the
island. You are not to suppose that the Gov-
ernment will give large, unreasonable, plundering
prices for tliis property. You must trust some-
thing to the proper Department. The Depart-
ment, through its agents, will ascertain the proper
rates. Would you fix any price in this bill? I
take it for granted, that as the island belongs to
-twenty different people, and each has four times
as much land as is necessary for a navy depot,
the competition will bring the prices to a reason-
able sum, and the Government will obtain the
Jand at a fair rate. This is a sufficient answer to
ihat objection.
There is no question of quarrel here between
Georgia and Florida or any other State. This is
a master of no more concern to Georgia than to
New York, and of no more concern to me than
to any other citizen of the United States. So far
as spending the public money in my State is con-
cerned, I consider it a disadvantage; and nothing
but a great public necessity would induce me to
vote for spending money there. I do not want it
spent there. I do not want its influence. It is
corrupting everywhere. I consider it an evil that
the public interest requires an expenditure of
public money in my own State, and I have never
yet asked for it. 1 do not ask this for Georgia.
She asks nothing of you. Carry on the common
defense; let her alone; stop your legislation by
which you cramp her industry; let her and her
institutions alone, and she asks you for neither
money nor anything else. She asks you for
peace. If the Government wants a naval depot
there, pass the bill; if not, reject it. In her behalf
I would scorn it on any other terms.
Mr. SEWARD. A historian, who relates the
history of the conquest of Mexico by Cortez,
describes the scene in which the invader entered
the palace of Montezuma, one morning, and an-
nounced to him that some disturbance had arisen
between the Mexican troops and the Spanish,
and that the explanations which had been made
by the Emperor Montezuma were not quite satis-
factory; but while he had no doubt that the mat-
ter would ultimately be adjusted, it would, in the
mean time, be necessary for the Emperor to retire
within the quarters of the Spanish, and remain
there until the question was determined. The
Emperor replied with great surprise and aston-
ishment, that he was not one of that class of
persons who are put in prison. The historian
pronounces this declaration the most impudent
proposition that was ever made on earth.
INow, sir, the proposition of the Committee
on Naval Affairs I will not characterize by any
such term; but it strikes me as being about the
strongest proposal that was ever offered by a
committee in the Senate.
What is the state of the facts ? Here is a bill
which passed the House of Representatives at
the last session, and then came to the Senate. It
was referred to this committee. The committee
reported in favor of the bill, and submitted to the
Senate its recommendation in favor of its final and
immediate passage. A debate arose upon this
report, and that debate was arrested by the ad-
journment of the last session of Congress or the
pressure of business. And now, after eight weeks
of this new session have elapsed,and tin; subject
comes up to be finally disposed of, within the last
jive weeks of the session, the Committee on Naval
Affairs ask to have this same bill referred to them
again.
The object of a reference of a bill is well un-
derstood. It is, not that the committee may give
their opinion about the merits of it, or the expe-
diency of it, but that they may inquire into the
facts, and submit to the Senate the information
which it may be necessary for them to have, in
order to enable them to decide upon the measure
involved. That is all. This proposition of the
committee, that we shall refer this bill back to
them, comes to the Senate after we have been a
fortnight engaged in a debate which has elicited
all the information they have, and all the inform-
ation that can be obtained. It strikes me to be
an unparliamentary demand; and that the Senate
having possession of the subject, having per-
formed the courtesy of sending it to a committee,
having received their report upon it, are bound,
from a just regard to the public business, to go
through with the bill, without recommitting it to
a committee which has no information whatever
to give on the subject other than what has alreiidy
been exposed to the Senate and the country.
Mr. President, 1 shall vote against the refer-
ence, and I am prepared to vote for this bill in its
present shape. I shall state very briefly the
reasons why. If the question was, as was im-
plied by the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, whether the United States
Government wanteight naval depots, I should bo
prepared to answer at once, yes. A great and
growing commercial marine and an increasing
Navy will never want less than eight naval sta-
tions, when you consider that its commerce en-
circles the globe, and that the territory of the
United States engrosses a large part of the North
American continent. But if the question were,
whether the United States want exactly all the
naval depots that, we have, together with the one
which is now projected, that would be a different
question. As the country has expanded, as the
commerce of the country has increased, and our
relations between this hemisphere and the other
have become extensive and complicated, as the
facilities for intercourse throughout the country
have been improved, these naval depots which
we have, are probably too near together. If the
question were, whether we could not dispense
with some one which we have, I think probably
wo should be able to arrive at that conclusion,as
we have dispensed with the one at Memphis, in
Tennessee. That is not the question here. The
question here is, not whether we want all those
that we have, but whether we want a depot at
this particular place, or in this particular vicinity.
Who can deny that, if a naval depot is neces-
sary for the protection of the national commerce
in the North, and for the protection of the north-
ern portion of the country, that it is not necessary,
since %ve have extended our domain around into
the Gulf of Mexico, and have made intercommu-
nication with the Pacific ocean across the Isthmus,
to have a naval station at or near the Gulf of
Mexico? If we are ever to be engaged in a foreign
war again, it will be a naval war. The course of
all things tends, in a controversy between us and
foreign States, and especially European States,
to naval contests; and if there is to be any naval
contest between us and any foreign Power, the
Gulf of Mexico will be the theater. On the Pacific
ocean, where our territories lie exposed, we have
already established a navy-yard for the purpose
of securing our commerce and the safety of our
territories. All our tioubles which have occurred
in the last four or five years, or, in other words,
since the acquisition of California, have arisen in
or near the Gulf of Mexico. We have had no
alarms, no fears, oil the northern part of the con-
tinent; but the theater of all our difficulties has
been on or near the Isthmus, at Panama, at
Tehuantepec, and at Nicaragua.
This, then, as a measure of protection against
war, is commended to us by the fact that, while
we have six navy-yards established in order to
attain securities for our commerce and for the
safety of our people in the North, we have none
for a distance of two thousand miles of the coast
in that part of the continent where we are most
exposed and where we are to look for danger.
Then it is very clear that, although it may be
true that we have naval depots where we do not
want them, it is certainly clear that we have not
one naval depot where we do want one. This bill
proposes to establish one at the port of Bruns-
wick, in Georgia; and that position is commended
to us by the fact that it is the furthest south of
all those which are proposed to us. It is there-
fore the nearest to the scene of danger and expo-
sure.
It is commended to us by the fact that it is
capable of being itself protected by reason of its
communication with Florida, with New Orleans,
and with the interior country of-Georgia and the
western States. All, these 'facilities.are already
either secured or are now in 'process of Being
secured. Then it is also in the immediate vicin-
ity of timber and the materials which are neces-
sary for ship building. As things now are, a
vessel belonging to the mercantile marine which
gets into distress on the coast of Florida or any-
where this side of the Cape, has 110 place where
she can be repaired until she reaches Norfolk.
It is not, however, as a war measure chiefly
that 1 regard this, for I think our armed Navy
is inferior in importance and inferior in public
interest to our mercantile marine, which is the
agent <5f all our commerce. It is because the
commerce of the North, the commerce of the
country which is chiefly located in the North, is
exposed to loss and hazard and danger along the
southern sea-coast, that I vote for the establish-
ment of this depot; and I vote for it upon the
ground that the only questions which can be in-
volved in regard to the propriety of this location
have been referred to a competent commission,
who have inquired, and they have found that
while this place, Brunswick, has all the other
facilities which are necessary, it has sufficient
facilities in regard to its own safety and protection
in the event of war. *
Why, then, should we send this bill back to the
committee, or why should we refuse to pass it?
It can result in nothing else but in increasing
difficulties and embarrassments, which have de-
layed its passage already too long; that is to say,
the result would be to give some new advantages
to some new competitors for the location, which,
in the end, possibly might defeat the whole
measure.
Mr. BUTLEIl. I wish the Senate, particu-
larly my friend from Georgia, to bear testimony
to the fact that 1 have said nothing deprecatory
of Brunswick. On the contrary I have endeav-
ored to conduct this debate with all the concilia-
tory spirit which I think should enter into it. I
do not say that Brunswick is a port that is utterly
unfit. 1 have never said so. All that I have
said and all that I maintain is, that on a fair
comparison Port Royal has the advantage, and
I think decidedly the advantage, over it. I shall
not undertake to detract from the port of Bruns-
wick, because, as I,have said, I am perfectly will-
ing,upon a fair ascertainment of the facts, to give
this depot to one or the other, whichever may be
the best point. I shall not extend my remarks
on this subject, for I wish the vote to be taken.
The Senator from New York has made Some
suggestions that had been floating through my
own mind. I do not know that I shall live to
see it; and I do not know that any of us will
be witnesses of that great eventful historical con-
test which is likely to occur. I believe the Cen-
tral American Isthmus is destined to be the Bos-
phorus of contention between the Powers of the
earth. I think the seas around that Isthmus are
destined to be stained with the blood of contend-
ing navies. I believe that if the great contest is
to be decided with regard to the dominion of
Europe m America, it will probably be in a con-
test for Cuba. I have a firm belief that within
the next twenty years, not only southern—I
think southern will have loss to do with it than
northern ships — but northern shipping from
Maine and other States will find it necessary to
have a safe passage to the Pacific through these
islands, the richest upon earth. The time is not
distant when they will need places of refuge. I
agree with the Senator from Georgia on that
subject. I am not afraid to avow here, that I
believe one of the most legitimate objects upon
which you can spend the public money is the
Navy. I am one of those who believe that we
should allow the public treasure of the country
to be absorbed by corporations and speculators.
If there were two naval depots, one at Brunswick
and one at Broad river, 1 am not so sure that the
money would not be well appropriated.
I shall not, m the remarks winch I am about
to submit, make any invidious comparisons be-
tween the two. I knowmy friend, [Mr. 1 oomes,]
with tlit,' vehemence which perhaps belongs to his
nature, sometimes makes a plunging; fire on these
subjects, and hits us when he ought not to hit
us. I will take things by the smooth handle, as
Mr. Jefferson said, when I can. I make this
proposition to my friend; If hi will send out a
