470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ship drawing twenty-four feet of water, I will
make a comparison, and I will answer for it, it |
will enter the harbor of Port Royal, and cannot
enter Brunswick. Yet, if there are other advant-
ages, as I said the other day, in the estimation of
a commission to be sent out, that would give the
preference to Brunswick, I am willing to yield.
Allow me to say to the Senator from Georgia,
that, in my opinion, Savannah is more interested
in Port Royal, as a place of depot, than any other,
j heard my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] say
the other day, there was no communication be-
tween Broad river and Savannah; and I heard my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] say that I
was not acquainted with the geography of my
own country. Well, I will show you Callibogue
Sound. Here it is on the map. Naval officers,
with whom I have conversed, say it is one of the
finest on earth. So far as regards protection in
time of war, there is no placc like it. It is only
twenty miles from Broad river across to Savan-
nah. If gentlemen will take the map of South
Carolina Siey will find, what was notorious long
before this, that in the settlement of that region
Broad river was the first that the Europeans en-
tered . It was one of the finest bays, as has been
described by liistoriaiis, 011 earth. From Hilton
Head, or any one of these poinfs, info Savannah,
there is as fine a sound us can be found on earth,
wiih fifteen or sixteen feet of water at the lowest
tide, and, I suppose, twenty or twenty-one feet
at high tide. That, in time of war, would be a
perfect protection from any assault outside of the
bar. That is one element.
Now, allow me to say to the gentleman from
Georgia, that another element in this matter is
riot only that we can take the plumb and show
deeper water than Brunswick, but we can show
better water. At Brunswick they have nothing
but salt water, and at Port Royal we have the
finest tributaries throwing their fresh streams 011
us; and if need be, we call go to Savannah, and
lip to Tennessee. We can, 111 time of war, go
up that most beautiful 1 iver, and get every supply
necessary. Then genllemrn tell me wo cannot
have interior comniun 1 cat 1011. Why, sir, it in only
twenty miles from Callibogue Sound to Savan-
nah. A ship can go from flroad river to Savan-
nah—a distance of twenty miles only—and put
the woild at defiance; she cannot be assailed.
1 say further, that at Port Royal we have the
finest materials upon earth for a naval depot. So
far as regards even the depth of water, it is equal
to Norfolk and BosUm. 1 do not wish to provoke
remark as 10 Norfolk; I have already, perhaps,
provoked it as to Beaufort in JYorth Carolina. I
think my friend from Georgia [Mr. Ivi;usonJ is
very much like the man wiio said hn had the
finest horse in the world, which could outrun
hiiy other; but he was afraid to try hull. [Laugh-
ter.] I am willing to try you in this contest, and
to send a ship there to see which is best. It is
said there is no place at Port Royal which is suit-
able for a naval depot. Here is the. chart. I had
the original entries here the other day, whore the
depth was plumbed at every quarter of a mile;
and Hilton Head was marked as having thirty
feet of water throughout. Vet gentlemen say it
is all conjecture and imagination. In the field of
rhetoric, I have no chance with my friends from
Georgia; but in the field of mathematics, sur-
veys, plumbs, compasses, and the demonstrative
jioitiou of my argument, 1 can beat them at any
time tlioy choose to enter into the contest on this
subject
All I ask is the recommittal of the bill. If you
do not recommit it, I shall ask for a commission
to make a trial of the two places; and if Bruns-
wick is found to be the best, I give my friends to
understand that I shall vote for it. As to Bruns-
wick, nobody ever heard of it until lately. I
suppose I never heard of Brunswick until about
four years ago; and until that time perhaps there
were nothing but wolves and wild cats there.
[Laughter.] Nobody knows much about it. I
am told, however, that it is a very pretty country;
but that is not the question.
I stand on the proposition, that at Port Royal
we have twenty feet of water at low tide on our
bar, and twenty-seven feet at high tide at any
point, and thirty feet at Hilton Head, with fresh
streams flowing down, and with line and live
timber enough for naval purposes on gentlemen's
plantations, that they will sell you at moderate
prices. It is twenty miles from Savannah, which
is interested in it as a commercial point, and sixty
miles from Charleston. I have no doubt that
Brunswick may, by an inflated process, come up
to equal either of them. If you have a mind to
send out a commission, I will go; and we can take
some of our friends here, and try practically, with
a ship, which is the best port. That is the way
to settle this question.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not rise to detain the
Senate more than five or ten minutes. I simply
wish to make an appeal to those Senators who
believe that a naval depot for the repair of ships
ought to be established on the Atlantic coast south
of Norfolk. I know there are some Senators,
perhaps many, on this floor, who are opposed to
the establishment of any additional naval depots,
either South or North. To them I have nothing
to say. Of course they will vote on the convic-
tions of their judgment, already formed—nothing
I could say coulu have any efiect on them. But
there are others, I think, who believe a depot of
this kind ought to be established on the southern
Atlantic coast, and it is to them that I beg to
, make this appeal, because I know this proposi-
tion for the establishment of a naval depot at
Brunswick has not only been fought but is in-
tended to be fought by every sort of stratagem
which ingenuity can bring to bear on it. We are
not only met with a motion to recommit this bill
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, that it may
sleep the sleep of death in that committee, but
we are to meet amendments which arc to be pre-
sented to this bill in order to defeat it when it
goes back to the House of Representatives. I
therefore rise to make an appeal to the friends
of the measure to stick by it as it is, and not to
suffer any of these insidious movements to over-
come it. If you believe a naval depot ought to
be established on the southern Atlantic coast, I
ask you why not vote for this bill? It establishes
one at Blythc Island, opposite Brunswick. It is
demonstrated by actual survey, and the report
i of commissioners competent to make it, that it
I has every element in favor of a naval depot.
1 Three official examinations have already been
j mado of this port. Commissioners have been
' sent down under instructions from the Navy De-
partment with the express view to examine it,
attest all its various capacities, and have made a
favorable report to the Navy Department. That
commission, composed of three intelligent cap-
tains, have reported the quantity of water 011 the
br.r at Brunswick. An examination instituted by
the Coast Survey has come to precisely the same
results, because, though the commissioners (the
i naval captains) say there are eighteen feet of
1 water at the lowest tides on Brunswick bar, and
i six feet rise of mean tide, making twenty-four
j feet, Lieutenant Trenchard states there are seven-
teen feet of water on the bar, with a rise of seven
feet at mean high water, and therefore coming to
the same result—twenty-four feet.
Now, sir, it must be conceded by every honor-
able arid impartial man on this floor that there are
twenty-four feet on the bar at Brunswick at mean
high water. That fact cannot be disputed, al-
though the Senator from Florida has instituted a
comparison between Brunswick at low water and
Port Royal at high water. He says that Bruns-
wick will not admit a sloop-of-war. Well, sir,
these commissioners, three naval commanders,
who are quite as competent to decide that ques-
. tion as the Senator from Florida, with all his
information, say "there are twenty-four feet at j
1 high water, and sufficient for a frigate." That •
is their language; yet the Senator, in arguiug •
upon the capacities of this bar, put it at only ■<
seventeen feet, and declares that that is not suf-
ficient for a sloop-of-war, and he says that Port !
Royal has twenty-six feet, and is, therefore, ca- j
pable of admitting a seventy-four. Brunswick, ;
j with seventeen feet of water, cannot admit a j
1 sloop-of-war, while Port Royal, with twenty-six j
feet, can admit a seventy-four ! This is the com- j
! parison which the Senator has been so ingenious i
as to make. i
Mr.YULEE. The Senator misunderstood the j
facts stated by me. I turned to a table furnished 1
by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, which !
showed at low tide twenty feet at Port Royal, !
and seventeen feet at Brunswick, and at high tide j
twenty-seven feet at Port Royal, and twenty-three |
feet and one inch at Brunswick. I showed then '
a table, furnished from the Navy Department, by
which it appeared that the low draught of a sloop-
of-war was seventeen and a half feet; and refer-
ring to the first of the conditions which the nainal
commission prescribed—to wit: the ability of the
bar to admit the heaviest class of ships at low
tide—I showed that while Port Royal was a sloop-
of-war harbor by that test, Brunswick was no
naval harbor at all, because a sloop-of-war would
require eighteen and a half feet for its admission,
while seventeen feet onlyexisted on the bar; and
that if we took the high-water mark, Brunswick
was a sloop-of-war harbor, and Port Royal a
ship-of-the-line harbor, because twenty-seven feet
would admit the largest ship, while twenty-three
feet would admit only a sloop-of-war, inasmuch
as a frigate requires twenty-four feet. The data
upon which I rely were from the Coast Survey,
and I consider that the only accurate, reliable
means of determining the depth of water on the
coast which has been surveyed.
Mr. IVERSON. In reply to that argument of
the Senator from Florida, I will barely give the
authentic information stated by the naval captains
and Lieutenant Trenchard of the Coast Survey,
who made the survey of the Brunswick harbor
in last year. The naval captains who went there
and made an actual, personal, and experimental
examination of the port, state:
" Proceeding towards tlie land, by traversing the whole
breadth of the channel"—
Measuring clear across it, and sounding it at
every point across the channel—
•*< the soundings gradually shoaled to eighteen feet, whieh
is the least draught of water found in the channel way."
They reported eighteen feet as the least draught
in the channel over the bar, and then they say:
" The average rise of the tide is six feet, which gives, at
high water on the bar, twenty-four feet, sufficient for a
frigate."
Lieutenant Trenchard states, after four months'
critical survey, that " seventeen feet may be car-
ried over the bar at low water," and that " the
average mean rise of the tide is seven feet"—
making twenty-four feet at mean high water. I
put thdt opinion, and these facts, as collected by
these naval officers and the Coast Survey, against
the opinion of the Senatorfrom Florida. There aro
twenty-four feet water at ordinary high tide, and
twenty-six feet at spring tide. Is not that water
enough? What more do you want? Admit, for
the sake of the argument, that there may be one
or two more feet over Port Royal bar: where is
the necessity or use of it ? When you have water
enough over the Brunswick bar, what more do
you want?
If there were twenty thousand feet of water
over Brunswick bar it would be of 110 more use
than the twenty-four feet we have. All you
want is enough to carry over your frigates, steam
vessels, and sloops-of-war; for, as my colleague
has properly said, there will not be once in a half
century perhaps any occasion to take a seventy-
four over one of these bars. We do not employ
our seventy-fours in the protection of our com-
merce. We shall have no use for repairs of
seventy-fours in a navy-yard, either at Bruns-
wick, or Port Royal.
Then Brunswick has the advantage of easy
access. These commissioners, and these naval
officers, say it is but three fourths of a mile acrosa
the bar, only a half mile over it, and it gradually
deepens and widens to a mile, and has capacity
sufficient for the largest ships that want to go
over the bar, and through the channel into the
harbor, even with an adverse wind.
Then it has capacity of water upon the bar.
It has facility of entrance. It has sufficient ca-
pacity inside of the bar. You may anchor five
hundred s"hips-of-the-line in the port of Brunswick
with safety. It has capability of defense. There
is no place on the southern coast more capable
of defense than Brunswick. It has the element
of safety to ships in the harbor. It is perfectly
land-locked, and as safe from storms from sea as
any port on the Atlantic coast.
The Senator from Florida, as well as the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, the other day suggested
as an objection to this bill that we must expend
two or three millions of dollars in works of de-
fense if we establish a naval depot at Brunswick.
You will have to spend this money in the defense
of that port whether you establish a naval depot
