1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
the last few years have drawn from that coast, 1
do not know exactly how much, but, certainly,
several hundred thousand dollars'worth of naval
timber. I know one man alone, who filled a con-
tract of $40,000. The timber skirts the immedi-
ate shore, which is unobstructed by any swamps,
and is us entirely free from disease as any south-
ern latitude can be. I have heard no objection
uraed against any one of these points, which is
riot avoided by simply locating the navy-yard at
Ship Island, where the whole British navy—so
much of it, at least, as hovered on the Gulf
coast—lay at anchor in 1814, nearly the whole
winter of that year, and immediately preceding1
the battle of New Orleans, in perfect security,
when the whole country was a wilderness; when
not a spade had ever been applied, and nothing
had been done to improve it, and it was in a state
of nature, as it is yet.
I simply give notice that, while I do not intend
t& interpose this point between these ports, yet
when you come to construct the number of navy-
yards which your vastly extended coasts require
you should have, I shall by-and-by, if 1 still
remain in this body, ask some attention to this
Foint. It has the deepest water, in my opinion.
have not consulted the surveys as to all the
points, but I believe it has the deepest water to
be found anywhere between the mouth of the
St. Lawrence and the mouth of the Rio Grande.
I know that in all other respects it is vastly su-
perior to any other place that has been named.
There is no swamp from the very edge of the
water as far back as you choose to go; up to the
Tennessee line it is free from all swamps, lagoons,
and every other natural obstruction. The whole
shore is fringed with live-oak, and immediately
back of it are pine trees—I should not like to say
exactly how high they are. The Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Butleii] said, the other day,
the water at Port lloyal was as deep as anybody
wanted it to be. Our pmc trees are as high as
any one fcould want them to be. When you
come to establish navy-yards at different places,
I simply desire to file a caveat m favor of Ship
Island.
Mr. EVANS. I probably should not trouble
the Senate with any remarks of mine now, if the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Ivrrson] had confined
himself to what was the legitimate object of dis-
cussion; but he has traveled out of ins way to
speak unkindly, as it seemed to me, of as respect-
able a portion of the people of these United States
as exists anywhere; and hehasspoken, too, with- '
out any knowledge of the subject about which he '
•was speaking.
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to make an ex-
planation. I did not distinctly hear the Senator,
but other gentlemen tell me that lie said I traveled
out of my way to speak unkindly of Port Royal.
Certainly the Senator misunderstood me. My
remarks were merely playful, not intended to be
serious. 1 thought ho, or any other gentleman
Of ordinary sense would so understand them.
Mr. EVANS. Well, Mr President, i pass over
that. I concede that there should be a naval depot
on the southern Atlantic coast, and the only ques-
• tionis,whereshouldthatdepotbelocated? Beau-
fort river and Port Royal sound have been exam-
ined; they have been examined recently. All the
information of any consequence which you have
in relation to Brunswick was obtained upon a
survey which was made twenty years ago. Ac-
cording to the examinations made recently, that
is not to be relied upon. What confidence would
you place in a survey which represents Blythe
Island to have some hundred acres of land? 'ifit
has only some hundred acres, which I understand
to mean about one hundred acres, then I suppose
that (which I have a strong suspicion is the truth)
it was bought after this survey was nmde, for
speculative purposes; and you will not get it for
one dollar less than the $200,000 which the bill
appropriates. The Senator from Georgiasaid the
other day it wa^ worth from one to two hundred
dollars an acre. Why, sir, but for the location
of a navy-yard there, it is not worth ten dollars
an acre. 1 never saw it; but if it is at all like the
rest of the coast, it is a sand-bank on the water
side and a marsh on the land side, and that land
is wholly unfit for cultivation, and intrinsically
not worth ten dollars an acre.
I do not doubt that a very convenient navy-
yard might be established at Brunswick; but the
question is, when we are about to establish one,
where it ought to be ? In the first place, have we
the necessary information? Is the survey which
was made twenty years ago sufficient to satisfy
the Senate that Brunswick is the best place which
can be selected ? If it is, of course they will vote
for it; but within the twenty years, and very re-
cently, there have been other developments in
reference to this matter, resulting fiom further
examinations made by the Coast Survey, which
give it a very dilfercnt complexion from that pre-
sented by the survey made in 1836. It is ascer-
tained that the entrance to Port Royal sound is
twenty feet deep. Nowhere have I seen it pre-
tended. that Brunswick has more than eighteen
feet, and the tide at the two places is about the
same; so that, in any event, the harbor of Port
Royal has a greater depth of water by two or
three fret than Brunswick; and that is a matter
of some importance. Has Brunswick any other
advantages? If it has, they are yet to be devel-
oped. The survey made thirty years ago says:
"Thechannel then ruin south ami southweMerly, ami
making a .short turn to tin1 northwest, we aruvc at the
town oi* Brunswick, insignificant ui present, but destined,
we believe, through her railroad and canal, to future im-
portance."
This was twenty years ago. What progress
has been made with their canal and their railroad
I do not exactly understand; but the parties I
have heard say that within twenty years they had
made a railroad that is completed about twenty-
five or thirty miles. As to the canal, 1 suppose
that is yet to bo begun,
Air. TOOMBS, The canal connects the Alta-
maha river with Brunswick.
Mr. EVANS. I am only going on the inform-
ation before us.
Mr. TOOMBS. The canal is nearly finished.
You could m>t have been about there lately, and
your sources of information are not very good.
Mi. EVANS. Well , sir, it is conceded that the
entrance into Portlloyal is hotter than into Bruns-
wick; but the Senators from Georgia say that
if you get mside, over the bar, there is no place
indicated where you can establish a naval depot.
Why, sir, the? recent surveys show that there is
an average at Port Royal,and within three miles
of the town of Beaufort, of about eighteen feet
of water. Taking the other branch and going
up Broad river, which empties into Port Royal
sound, it "has a wide channel with an average
depth of five fathoms as high up as the northeast
branch, a distance of twenty-nine miles;" so
that when you get over the harbor you have a
navigation up to Broad river, which narrows as
it advances into the country to five fathoms in
depth, for a distance of twenty-rune miles, and
you have nearly fourteen miles of Beaufort river,
where [ have no question a dozen points may be
found where this naval depot may be located, and
where sufficient foi tifications, if they are neces-
sary, may be constructed.
As to the health of the place, the gentleman's
own book, that he swears by, says Beaufort is
as healthy a location as any on the sea-coast of
the southern country. It seems to me, Mr. Pres-
ident, we ought not to establish this navy-yard
until we are sure we can put it m the best loca-
tion.
Mr. BIGGS. I only rise for the purpose of
giving notice to the Senate that, if the pending
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs does not pievful, I shall propose an
amendment to strike out the words on BJythe
Island, on the coast of Georgia, " and insert:
At Koine proper point on tin-* Atlantic eoa^f between the
capf"* of Virginia arid tin' eape* of Florida, to b<* determ-
ined, after cirelut investigation, hy a hoard of live compe-
tent naval officer-* to be appointed hy the Pnj&idunt of the
UnUcd States.
Mr. TOTJCEY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Slidell.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
on the motion to recommit, resulted—yeas 13,
nays 37; ns follows:
YEAS — Messrs, iiell of Tcnnc^eo, Biggs, Brodhead,
Butler, Dodge, E\an.-«, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lory, Marion. JJiigb, Jtud, and Y'tdee— K*
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, iiell of New Hampshire,
Benjamin, Bjgler, Brown,Cai-s,Clay, Colluincr, Crittenden,
llurkee, Fesscuderi, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Po-tei, CIcyer,
Green, Hale, Houston, lver.>on, James, Jones of lowu,
Nour*e, Peatce, Pratt, llink, Sebastian, Hewaul, Stuart',
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs*, Truiubu'l, U\uk', Wal-
ler, Wilson, and Wright—U7.
Mr. BIGGS. I offer this amendment: to strilte
out the words "on BIythe Island, on the ccwjtt
of Georgia," and to insert:
Atfome proper point on the Atlantic coast between
capes of Virginia and the capes of Florida, to be determ-
ined,atror acaieml (.'lamination* by a board of five compe-
tent naval oUieer , to he appointed by the President of the
United Status.
Mr. YULEE. I have a proposition of a sim-
ilar eharactcr, which, if the Senate will permit me,
I will read, as it will accomplish the same object
in a different form, and may, perhaps, be more
satisfactory. I will propose, as a substitute for
the bill, the following:
That the President of the United States be, and he Is
hereby, directed to institute a commission of five persons,
to be composed of the Supcrinlendemof the Coast Survey,
the chief military engineer of the United States Army, a
captain of the Navy of the United State*, and a citizen of
each of the States of South Carolina and Georgia, who
shall proceed to sclcet the most suitable location for a
navy-yard on the Atlantic coast, between the Chesapeake
bay and the cape of Florida ; and that the sum of $10,000
be, and the same m hereby, appiopiiated for the expenses
of such communion.
Skc\ Jhul he it further enactcd, That the t-'um of
$200,000 he, and the same is hereby, appropriated for the
eommcneeinem of the huildingB and other improvements
retjuirod for naval uses at t«ueli place as may be selected
undei the provisions of the first section of On* net: Pro-
vided, A Kite suitable for the puipose can be purchased for
a sum not exceeding $10,000.
Under this provision the appropriation for th©
commencement of a navy-yard will be made.
The object, therefore, of all will be accomplished
who think—and among them I number myself—
that a navy-yard is needed between the Chesa-
peake and the capes of Florida. Whilst it pro-
vides reriainly for the accomplishment of that
objet t 
Kir. CRITTENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to ask what is the question? The gentleman
is proceeding to argue an amendment which he
proposes, at some time or other, to offer; but, if
1 understand it, the only question before the
Senate is the amendment oflered by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. I3iggs.] Am I
right ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I submit that that.catt
be the only subject of discussion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator make the point of order?
Mr. CniTTENPlSN". I make the suggestion.
Mr. YULEE. I have read an amendment
which I suppose will be preferable to the one
which is offered, and which therefore may be a
reason why the Senate may not adopt that, but
wait until I offer this one, and adopt it in prefer-
ence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
j from Florida is entirely in order.
i Mr. YCJLEE. As I said before,by this amend-
! ment we filial! have   certainty that the navy-yard
I will bo located nt the best point; and how will
; that assurance be obtained > Wo shall have,
j through the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
I on assurance that the depth of water will be un-
; dcrstood; through the chief military engineer,
whom I propose to place on the board, a certainty
, 1 hat the facilities for fortification will be observed
, intheirdccision; by an officer of the United States
j Navy, that all which pertains to naval affairs will
' be considered; by a citizen of Georgia and of
; South Carolina, that all local considerations will
' be properly re^irded. You have thus constituted
1 a perfect, fair, and impartial commission, which
1 will decide definitely, certainly upon the best loca-
tion. "Why shall this not be done? Isitnotcer-
' t.un that there is at least doubt as to the propriety
of the location? Gentlemen all admit that there
1 is bettor water at Port Royal, and the only point
on which they raise a question is as to the prob-
: ability of finding within the bay of Port Royal a
; suitable location for a navy-yard, or as to the
I healthfulness of the place. I haveshown, on the
one hand, a probable ground for believing that
: therois a suitable location, and on the other hand,
the Senators from that State declare there are
, locations of perfect healthfulness. There is,there-
fore, sufficiently probable ground to insist on it;
and if a doubt exists, undoubtedly the public uj-
, lerests, as well as the sectional interests which
may be concerned in this bill, would dictate an
opportunity for a proper selection by sm ex m-
