1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
and of the District of Columbia, in said District,'*
approved March 3, 1855;
An net to authorize the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings to remove obstructions from certain
streets and avenues in the city of Washington,
and to prevent trespasses on the same;
An act to revive and extend the provisions of
an act entitled " An act to revive and extend the
provisions of an act passod on the 24th of May,
3824, entitled * An act for the relief of the repre-
sentatives of John Donelson, Stephen Herd, and
others,' " approved June 23, 183G; and
An act for the relief of John H. Wheeler.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with an
amendment, a bill of the House for the relief of
the sureties of Daniel Winslow.
In all of which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
INCREASED PAY TO ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Military Affairs, and to put upon its passage,
an act to increase the pay of the officers of the
Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move a suspension of the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to have the bill read
in reference to which we are called upon to vote
for a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet before
the House.
Mr. PHELPS. The bill may be read by
unanimous consent.
No objection being made, the bill was read. It
provides that from and after the present fiscal
year the pay of each commissioned officer of the
Army, including military storekeepers, shall be
increased twenty dollars per month; that the
•commutation price of officers' subsistence shall
be thirty cents per ration; and that the Secre-
tary of War be authorized, on the recommenda-
tion of the council of administration, to extend
the additional pay in said bill provided to any
person serving as chaplain at any post of the
Army.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
139, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Allison, Barbour,
Barclay, Bark«dale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Benson, Billmchmvt, Bmghain, Bishop, Bowie, Boyce,
Hranchj Brenton, Broom, Butfinton, Bui'lmi'amc, James II.
Campbell, John I\ Campbell, Caiuthers, Ca^kie, Bayawi
Clarke, Earn. Clark, Cla\won, Clingman, Comms, Covode,
Cumbaek, Damrell, Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Dean, Den-
ver, Dick, Dickson, Duller*, Edte, Kdmundson, Edward.-3,
Emrie, ICtlieiulge, Kustii, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Henry M. Fuller, Gainett, Goode, Roboit B. Hall,
J. Morrison fiatiis, Samp>ou W. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbeit, Hodges, Hoffman, Thomas U. Horton, Valentine
B. Iloiton, llowaid, Ilu<ih;-tou, J. Clancy Jones*, Keitl,
Kelly, ICennett, King, Knapp, Knox, Lake, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphiey Maishall, Maite^on, Maxwell. Me-
Carty, Killian Miller, Millson, Mill ward, Morn II, Morrison,
Mott, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Paine,
Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Porter, Prinze,
Purviance, Puryear, Umtman, Iteade, Rieaud, Rivers, Rob-
bins, Rust, Sage, 8andidge,Sa{)p, Scott, Sherman, Shotter,
William Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stewait, Stranahan,
Taylor, Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Tyson,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walker, Cadwalader
C. Wasliburne, Ellihu B. Washbume, l&rael Washburn,
Watkins, Welch, Weils, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Daniel B.
Wright—139.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Boeoek, Bradshaw, Burnett,
Lewi* U. Campbell. Carliie. Howell Cobb, Williamson It.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Cragin, Craitje, Cullen, Dodd, Dowdell,
Dunn, rnuihsh, fiiow. Harlan, Holloway, Houston, Jewett,
Geor«e W. Jones, Kidvvell, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkm,
Mace, Samuel }*. Marshall, McMullin, McQueen, Morgan,
Murray, Niehols, Phelpw, Powell, Ruffin, Subtn, Savage,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Stanton,
Talbott, Tappan, Traf'ton, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Watson, and John V. Wnght—50.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BENSON stated that Mr. Knowlton was
detained from the House in consequence of sick-
ness.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. GtUITMAN said: Mr. Speaker, as this
bill has been sometime before the House, I have
| no doubt tWu it has been considered by all the
! members individually. I feel it my duty, in view
| of the pressure of business before the blouse, to
j call the previous question.
I Mr. LANE. I will appeal to the gentleman
i from Mississippi to allow me the privilege of
| offering an amendment. I do not desire to defeat
this bill; but I appeal to the gentleman to allow
me to offer such an amendment to this bill as will,
in my judgment, greatly improve and perfect it,
and make it such a bill as will do full justice to
the officers of the Army.
Mr. QUITMAN. My answer to the gentle-
man from Oregon is, that there is no member of the
House whom I would more readily oblige than
him; but I cannot withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ItENNETT. I object to debate.
Mr. LANE. One word more. [Loud calls to
"Order!"] Then I hope the House will vote
down ttie call for the previous question.
Tiie previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read the
third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. SAPP moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was takcn;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yens 130, nays 02; as follows:
YB\S~Mes«srs Aiken, Akei*, Allen, Alison, ttaibom,
Bell, Henrv Bennett, Benson, Billm^huiH, Buhop, Bowie,
Bianch, Bionm, Rutlmton, Bui lin«am , Cadwalader, Jame<<
II Campbell, Caiiitliei--, Ca^kie, Chafl'ee, Bayaul Claike,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Clmjjman, Coumis, Covode, Cullen,
Cumbaek, Damtcll, Jacob O. Davi-j, Dean, Denver, Dick,
Dickson, Edie, Edmund -on, Ed wants, Eiiiott,Einne,Elhcr-
idiie,Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Fln lei,Florence, Henry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fullei, Gatnelt, Goode, Aiuiusaus
Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harrit., Harrison. Haven,
Herbeit,Hodses, Hoffman, Thomas R. Hoiton, Valentine
B. Horton, llowaid, flujiliston, J. Glancy Jones, Kent,
Kelly, Konnett, King, Knapp, Knox, Lake. Alexander K.
Marshall. Humphrey Mar-hall, Matte-on, Mavwell, Me-
Cartj, Killian Miller, Millson, Millward, .Moore, Mornll,
Mori it-oil, .Norton, Amirmv Oltvei, Mouk l.u Ohvei, Paiker,
Peek, Pelton, Penmnqlon, Pettit, Poller, Pimyb', Pmvt-
anee, Puivear, Quitman, lleade, Rieaud, Uiv< rs, Bobbins,
Roberts, ltobison, Ru-f, fc^a^e, Sapp, iSeoit, .Sherman, Wil
bain Smilh, Spinner, Stephens. Htvwai r, Stranahan, Thor-
msiton, Thurston, Todd, T\son, I'ndei wood, \;itl. Valk,
Wakeman, Walker. Cadwaladei C. Wa-hbuine, Ellihu B.
Wasliburne. Ifiiael W.i-hbuin, Watkins Welch, Wheeler,
Williams. Winslow, Wood, Woodruff", Woodwouh, anil
Daniel B. Wm,'hi—130.
NAVS-Me.-hrs. Albumin, Bail, Barclay, BatkMlale,
Ilendley S. 'Bennett, Bingham, Bo\ ei\ Hi ads-haw, Bienton,
Burnett, John J\ Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell. Carhle,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collax, < Jr.uce, Da-
vidt on, Day, Dowdell, Dunn, En^lnh, Crow, ilarlan,
Sampson W. Harm, llollowav. Houston, Jewett, Georjrc
W. Jones, Knlwell, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maee,
Samuel >S. Marshall, MeMulhn, McQueen, Smith Millei,
Morgan, JVruruiy, Nicliols, Phelps, Powell, Buflin. Sabin,
Sandidge, Shoiter, Sninnon*, Samuel A. Smith, William
B. Smuh, Stanton, Talbott,Taylor, Traiton,Trippe, Wade,
Waldron, Wat-on, Well«, Wlntney, John V. Wright, and
Zolhcollcr—C^.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call,
Mr. MeMULLIN said: I am willing to vote
for an increase of pay from the e.nptain down-
word. I vote "no."
Mr. BOCOCK said that if he had been present
when his name was called he should have voted
" no."
Mr. dUITMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING, ETC,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 move that Fri-
day next be made objection day, and that on and
after Monday next the hour of meeting of this
House shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.
[Cries of "Oh, no!" "Separate the ques-
tions."]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules that I may introduce that resolu-
tion.
Mr FLORENCE. Will the resolution be
divisible r
The SPEAKER. It will be then divisible.
The questioji was taken; and the House" re-
fused to suspend the rules, only sixty-live mem*
bers—not two thirds—voting in favor thereof,-
REPORT OF THE JAPAN EXPEDITiON.
Mr. PENNINGTON, by unanimous consent-,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on Public Printing be
in^tiueted to u>cort;un, and report to the House, the rcasfcn
why the full number of the tii>t volume of Commodore
Perry's Expedition to Japan, published by order of the
House-, have been distnbuted to only a portion ot its raera-
berj-.
MILITARY ROAD TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DENVER. I ask that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of Senate bill (No.
337) for the construction of a military road from
some point in the State of Missouri, via Great
Salt Lake City, to Carson Valley Settlement, on
the eastern portion of the State of California, and
for the establishment of military posts and sink-
ing of wells thereupon, and that it be taken up
for consideration at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. DENVER. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let the bill be read,
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. KEITT, I object to its reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the
i ules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 81, nays 89; as follows:
YT.AH — Me* «p4. Alien, Ball, Baibour, Barclay, Boll,
Bishop, Bowie, Bienton, Bioom, John P. Campbell
Lewis 1>. Campbell, Caiuthers, dawson, Clmymnn,
Conuns, Cutnbaek, Dnmrell, Denver, Dunn. English,
Rthendi;e, Lvarm, Faulkner, I^la^ler, Florence, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Greenwood, Auau.suw Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Iianisou, Haven, Herbert, Thomas* R. Horton,
Howaid, Jewett, Kelly, Kennett, JCmo.y, Lake, Mace,
Alexandei K. Maohall, MeCarty, McMullin, Killian Miller,
Mtllvvard, Mott, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Paine,
Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Rob-
bins Sapp, Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William K. Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Stranahan,
Thorington, Tyon, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Watson, Welsh, Wells, Williams, Woodworth,
Daniel B. Wrnjht, and Zolheofler—PL
NAYri — Mes-sjs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barkfdale,
Hemlley S. Bcnm-U, Benson, Bmgliam, Boeoek, Boyce,
BiadMiaw, Hianeh, Buftintou, Biirhngame, Burnett, James
H. Campbell, Carliie, Caskie, li/.ra CJaik, Howell Cobb,
Williamson B. W. Cobb, Colfax, Ciagin, Duvidfcon. Jacob
C. Davirf, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, DoUd, Dowdell,
Durlec, Edtnundson, fimrie, Oarnett, Goode, Grow, J.
Morrison ILuris, Hodges, Hofiman, HolJoway, Houston,
Oeoige W. Jones, ICeitt, Kidwell, King, Knapp. Knight,
Inciter, hetcher, Lumpkin, HumphreyMarshall,Matteson,
McQueen, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Pike, Powell,
Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, Rieaud. Rivers, Boberu, Itob-
j.nOii, Rulfnt, Sabin, Sandidtre, Savage, Seott, Simmons,
Stanton, Tappan, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Tialton, Un-
derwood, Wade, Cadwalader Wa^hburnc, lilhhu I).
Washburne, Israel W.i?hbmn, Watkiti-^, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Wood, Woodiull", and John V. Wnght—89.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act more effectually to enforce the attend-
ance of witnesses on the summons of either House
of Congress, and to compel them to discover
testimony;
An act for the relief of John P. Fleming, of
Augusta, Georgia; and
An act to authorize the legal representatives
of Pascal L. Cerre to enter certain lands in the
State of Missouri.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PKTT1T, by unanimous consent, from
I the ConmiUti'u 011 the Library, reported back
i Senate resolution No. 38, respecting the distnbu-
I tion of certain public documents; which was
! ordered to bo read a third time; and was accord-
■ ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vote by
whiali the resolution was passed; and also moTed
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
