1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 27, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of Amos
Kendall, George H. Riggs, and others, praying
for an act of incorporation for the Columbia In-
stitution for the instruction of the deaf, dumb,
and blind in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of James
Young, the petition of Joseph Chace, and the
petition of Alexander Keefe, Dartmorc prisoners
during the last war with Great Britain, praying
to be allowed bounty land; which were referred
to the Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of the
Humane Society of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, praying for an appropriation to aid
that association in rescuing the lives of mariners
and others wrecked upon the coast of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. RUSK presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Texas, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives of that State in
Congress to use their influence to procure the
incorporation of the officers of the Navy of the late
Republic of Texas into the Navy of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The resolution was ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, in favor of an act making Corpus
Christi, in that State, a port of entry; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Brownsville to Austin, in that
State; which was ordered to lie on the table,and
be printed.
Mr. PESSENDEN presented the petition of
Philip B. Templeton, praying for compensation
for services rendered by him in reporting the
proceedings on the late trial of Dr. George A.
Gardiner; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I present
the memorial of citizens of New Jersey, asking
that an appropriation be made for the improve-
ment of the inlet of Absecom, and at Great Egg
Harbor, and Little Egg Harbor, in that State.
The petitioners state that these harbors are of
great importance to the coasting trade; that they
are now, by a large number of coasting vessels,
used as harbors of refuge; and that they are the
only safe and convenient harbors between New
York and Cape May. I ask that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. CASS presented papers relating to the
claim of Richard L. Gorton for remuneration for
injuries received in the military service, and for
recruiting and maintaining at his own expense a
company in that service; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Edward C.
Gallup, administrator of Christian Clemens, an
officer in the Army during the war of 1812, pray-
ing to be allowed his pay and emoluments during
the time he was a prisoner of \/ar; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. ERODHEAD. I desire to present the
memorial of lloratio Hubbell, of Philadelphia,
who states that he was the original projector of
the transatlantic oceanic telegraph; that he pre-
sented his memorial to the Senate of the United
States on the 29th of January, 1849, wherein he
set forth the manner in which an oceanic tele-
graph can be constructed. He says that he first
announced and promulgated its possibility, the
way by which it could "be effected, and the spot
where it could be carried through — all clearly
indicated and set forth in advance of the age, the
scheme having been pronounced at the time of
its promulgation a piece of madness, except by
the Hon. Jefferson Davis, then a member of this
House, who said, on its presentation, that the
world was not yet prepared for it, but might be
soon. He now desires that his rights as an
original inventor may be recognized. In conse-
quence of the recent snow storm I did not receive
this memorial until the bill upon the subject
passed the Senate a few days ago. I therefore
present it to the Senate at this time, and express
the belief that the company, for whose benefit a
bill has already been passed by the Senate, will
recognize his rights. Mr. Hubbell is a highly
respectable citizen and lawyer of Pennsylvania.
The memorial presented by him in 1849 is ap-
Fended to the memorial which he now presents.
move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that
they had passed the following bills:
A bill (No. 484) for the relief of George Cassa-
day; and
A bill (No. 785) relinquishing the claim of the
United States to certain property of which Elijah
King died seized and possessed in the Districtof
Columbia, upon certain specified conditions.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following Senate resolutions;
Joint resolution (NoT 38) respecting the dis-
tribution of certain public documents; and
Joint resolution (No. 40) for the appointment
of Regents for the Smithsonian Institution.
ENROLLED DILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cd.i.om, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled hills and resolutions;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Charlotte Turner;
An act authorizing the establishment of a navy
depot on IJIythe Island, at lirunswick, oil the
const of Georgia, and for other purposes;
All act authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to approve the accounts of the marshal for the
district of Missouri for fitrnitureprovided for the
use of the circuit court of the United Slates for
said district, at the April term of said court, held
at St. Louis in the year 1854; and for the allow-
ance and payment to the marshal of the district
of Indiana of the accounts for furniture for the
use of the district court of the district of Indiana;
A resolution for the appointment qf Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution; and
A resolution respecting the distribution of
certain public documents.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following House bills were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below;
A bill (No. 484) for the relief of George Cassa-
day—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 785) relinquishing the claim of the
United States to certain property of which Elijah
King died seized and possessed in the District
of Columbia, upon certain specified conditions—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of AsaR. Ford, administrator of Augustus Ford,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SL1DELL. from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Franklin Buchanan, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. W. A. Nicholson,
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Lewis J. WilJiams,
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Algernon S. Taylor,
submitted an adverse repoit; which was ordered
to lie printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James McDonnell,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Thomas J. Page, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 526) for the relief of Com-
mander Thomas J. Page, United States Navy.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of seamen and petty offi-
cers on board the steam frigate Missouri, at the
time of her destruction by fire at Gibraltar, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 527)
for the relief of the petty officers and seamen of
the late United States frigate Missouri. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas J. Page, praying compensation for ser-
vices as purser, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HUNTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in abill (S. No.528)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide for
the better organization of the Treasury, and for
the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue;" which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
Mr. EVANS. I submit a report from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims upon a bill
from the House of Representatives for the relief oi
Gustavus B. Horner, accompanied by an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will be taken
up and acted on at once. I understand it will
probably give rise to no debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H.R. No. 343) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Gustavus B. Horner,
deceased.
The amendment of the committee proposed to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury he,
and they are hereby, required to settle the account of Gus-
tavus II. Ilornei, deceased, as a surgeon's mate of ttie gen-
eral hospital of the army of the United States during the
revolutionary war; and to allow ins lenal representatives
compensation equal to five years' full pay of a captain of
intaiitiy in the service of the United btates, on the Conti-
nental establishment, without interest, which live years'
full pay is the commutation for his half pay for life, to be
paid to the legal representatives of the said Gustavus ti.
Ilorner out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; which payment shall, when made, be in full
of all demands on the United States for the services of the
said Gustavus B. Horner.
Mr. EVANS. The amendment puts the peti-
tioner on exactly the same footing with all the
| others who have been paid under special acts.
I The bill from the House of Representatives looking
J to the measure that it was supposed would pass,
I but which did not pass finally, providing for all
{ these cases, gave to the representatives of Horner
j half pay for life. As that has not been granted
! to anybody else under like circumstances, the
j committee recommend that the whole of the bill
j be stricken out, and an amendment be substituted
in the place of it, which puts him exactly on a
footing with every other person who has been
paid for revolutionary services under any special
act of legislation.
Mr. STUART, What is it that distinguishes
this individual case from the mass of cases cov-
ered by the general bill ?
Mr. EVANS. This was provided for in that
general bill. In relation to this class of claimants,
surgeons' mates, there has been a variety of
decisions. Atone time it was allowed, at another
time it was rejected; but so far as my researches
have gone, in every instance where the claims
have been presented to Congress, they have been
allowed, though under the stringency of a rule to
which the Senator from Georgia referred, which
Congress adopted in 1784, that none were to be
allowed commutation except those who wore
expressly named. They were excluded at the
Department, and, therefore, it was necessary
then, as it is now, to come to Congress, They
cannot gojnto the Court of Claims.
