480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
Mr. STUART. My inquiry was this: the
Senate refused to grant relief upon a general bill;
they postponed the bill; if there is anything in
this case which distinguishes it from the general
class of eases, that may be considered in this
bill; but I take it the Senate will not do in detail
what they refused to do in a lump.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Michigan
supposes this is an allowance for half pay for life.
It is not so. It passed the House of Represent-
atives in that shape; but the committee propose
to amend it by substituting five years' commu-
tation.
Mr. CLAY. This bill is certainly an improve-
ment on the one from the House of Representa-
tives. That gave half pay for life—this proposes
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert instead of it the commutation of five years'
full pay; but still the question occurs to my mind,
why make an exception of this individual case?
According to my understanding of the pension
laws, hitherto there has been no allowance to this
class. They were not allowed the commutation
of full pajr under the resolution of March, 1783.
As far as I can loam, from reading the history of
that act, it was never proposed or intended to
embrace them within its provisions. Neither
were they embraced within the provisions of the
K'solution of 1780, providing half pay for life.
Hence, 1 say, why prefer this individual to all
otheiss of the same class, and make him an hon-
orable exception entitled to this bounty which is
denied to others? That is what I wish to know.
It may be a very meritorious case, and it may be
one entitled to our sympathies; but I assure the
Senate, that if they make an exception of this
kind, it, will prove the precedent for an act here-
after embracing all that class; and, according to
the estimate of the Commissioner of Pensions, it
will require some $'230,000 to satisfy their claims. 1
1 desire to know what it is that entitles this indi- ]
vidua! case to a preference over all others of the ]
same class ? !
Mr. EVANS. I am not aware, Mr. President, I
that there is anything in tins individual ease !
which entitles it'to be prefened over all other i
cases. So far as I know, they all rest on the j
same claim. I take occasion, however, to say, -
thai my researches into this matter—and th<>y 1
have been very minute—show that when the pay- ]
muster went to the army to nay them, he paid j
all the surgeons' mates who were there. They;
wore ofTimy of the army. They are not in- i
eluded in a subsequent resolution which enumer- |
ates certain officers of the hospital department,; ;
but the geneial resolution of 1780 included all !,
officers of the army. They wcie officers of the j|
army. A surgeon was appointed for a regiment, '[
and a mate for each regiment. They were sub- ij
jeet to martial law, and to be tried l>y courts-mar- 1'
Hal; and they were paid a certain amount of '!
money out ot the Treasury. >i
After these payments had been made, as I i
understand and believe, in January, 1784, Con- 'j
greys passed another resolution, saying that none
should be paid except those who were specially 0
mentioned; und from that time iheir claims were !
not recognized at the Department. In the book :j
of revolutionary chums there are full reports on U
this subject, with the arguments on the question; 'j
and half a dozen or more instances have occurred ;
in which Congress has recognized their claims by '1
passing special acts for iheir relief. The amend- i:
mem. now proposed is taken verbatim from one \
of those special acts. '■
I he Senator from Michigan desires to know ,,
why this m excepted from the general bill r The
only reason why they were noticed in that gen- [
era! bill is, that .some doubt existed whether they ■'
Were entitled under the law before that time. It 'j
wtus for the removal of that doubt that they were ;
mentioned in that bill. :!
M r. bTL ART. This is a matter which 1 deem
impoKani, and 1 desire to interpose an objection
against us consideration this morning, 'it was
only iep' rted a few minutes ago, und I am not ■;
willing to eousuhv it now.
Air. JUliSON . I move that the further con- r
sidorauon of this bill be postponed until Friday ,
next, at one o'clock. Tli.it day is already set/
apart by resolution for the consideration of pri-
vale bills. It is evident, if these bills are to be •
taken up in this manner, they must, necessarily ;!
consume the whole morning hour. |s it not the j|
fact, also, that at half past twelve o'clock there
is a special order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I should chance to be
present when an order of that kind is sought to
be made again, I shall feel myself bound to de-
feat it by an objection, if I can, if the morning
hour is to be consumed in this manner day after
day.
The motion to postpone the bill until Friday
was agreed to.
MAIL BETWEEN APPALACIIICOLA AND BAIN-
BRIDGE.
Mr. STUART. The hour has arrived for the
consideration of the special order; but the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Yuleis] is willing to postpone
it, so that wc can go on with other business. X
move that it bo taken up and postponed until
Friday next, at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan
to take up the bill (S. No. 387) providing for the
regular transmission of the mail on route 6842.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. 1 now move to postpone its
further consideration until Friday next, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL GRAHAM'S REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. Some time during the past
month an order was made by the Senate to this
effect: That the whole report of Lieutenant
Colonel Graham on the harbors of Wisconsin,
Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan, be printed for
the use of (he .Senate. This was merely for the
printing of the usual number of one thousand four
hundred copies. It was passed without any in-
formation on the part of the Committee on Print-
ing. The propriety of printing five thousand
extra copies was referred to the committee. The
committee have looked into the document, and
under their instruction I now move to rescind the
order fir printing that usual number, on account
of the prcuhar language in which it is framed,
the uncertainty of the order itself, and its very
eertntn heavy expense. Under the instruction of
the committee,! mo\e to rescind the order, with
a view to have the lesolntion reofi'ered and referred
to the Committee.on Printing, to examine as to
the propriety of printing it, and to see how many
copies shall be printed before taking any action
on it. i
The Secretary read the original resolution;
winch is:
41 Itc^oh-cd, That tiie whole report of Lieutenant Colonel
Cnilium on the Irariwr.-, &<• , m Wisconsin, Illmnis, Indiana,
and .Michigan, tic primed foi tile use of the Senate."
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to rescind that
order, with a viiuv to reoflering the proposition,
it cannot he reconsidered, because the time has
passed within which it. could be reconsidered. It
was not known by nnv member ot' the committee
nnul the time it passed, that such ail order had
been made m the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator state the
diificulty ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The resolution says: " the
whole report" shall be printed. It is distinctly
understood that the intention is also to reprint
the whole of Executive Document No. 77, being
the annual report of the same officer for 185.5.
I hold in my hand the report for 1856. The
ground on which the reprint of the document
ah-tady printed is asked, so for as I understand,
is on accouiit of the number of errors that are
found in the primed copy. As a member of the
committee, 1 have, with some little pains, looked
into these errors; and mostof them—many which
I have examined that were at nil material—were
errors which were committed by the original
draughtsman or his copyist, and not by the pub-
lic printer. The. question, therefore, arises, as
none of them are very material, that we can per-
ceive, whether or not it is best that we should
first print incorrect copies for officers of the Gov-
ernment, and hand those printed copies over for
convenience of then corieetion, and then print
the whole of theni again ? I do not think the Sen-
ate will conclude that that is a proper course,
more particularly when it does not appear that
these errors are very material.
Under these circumstances we deem it proper
for the Senate to consider whether they will
reprint that document or not. There is a rule of
the Senate which authorizes the ordering by this
body of the usual number of any documentto be
printed without reference to the Committee on
Printing; but that rule does not preclude the Sen-
ate from considering as to tho expediency of its
ordering a regular number. The expediency of
ordering the printing of this document the com-
mittee believe ought to he considered before the
order is made.
As the time of reconsideration passed before
the fact was discovered, we ask that the order
may be rescinded.
The question arises, under the terms of that
resolution—" the whole report of Lieutenant Col-
onel Graham"—what is the whole of it? We
have part of it already printed. I am satisfied the
intention was to embrace that part. The com-
mittee doubt whether that ought to be reprinted.
We have then a report here for 1856, and the
whole together will make a volume of between
five and six hundred pages. We do not know
that that is the whole of the report, yet the order
says the whole of it shall be printed. The order
having been made that the usual number shall be
printed, we are in no condition to ascertain what
is to be the cost of even the extra numbers.
The whole subject should have been investigated
before any of the printing was ordered—at least
such is the opinion of the committee.
_ We want this subject sent back to us with a
view to look into it. Wc impress on the Senate
as one of the considerations most material, the
fact that there are, from a cursory examination
of this report, upwards of thirty maps to be print-
ed. That order has been made when the maps
themselves arc not all finished, and cannot be
seen. At the most moderate estimate it must
cost §10,000 to print the maps alone. What
additional cost is to be brought upon us by the
extra numbers to be stricken off is a matter
which the committee know nothing about. We
do not know that they will not cost $20,000.
b'rom what I can gather, my impression is that
the maps alone will cost between $10,000 and
$20,000. The whole of the cost we are not able
to ascertain. We do not believe the Senate ought
to make that order without reference of the whole
subject to the Committee on Printing, that a re-
port may bo had. The Senate is extremely rigid
in the regulations as to what shall be done under
the order of the committee, and we do not sup-
pose that they will now enter into this kind of
business, and allow it to be carried on in this
manner.
I ask the Senate that the order may be re-
scinded, and I will then, unless some other Sen-
ator ofier a resolution to the same effect, ask that
the whole matter may be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing for a report thereupon to this
body.
Mr. STUART. I am very sorry that any
misapprehension should have grown out of this
question, for I really consider the subject itself
one of great importance to the public, so far as
the printing is concerned, and a very trivial ex-
pense so far as regards that question. 1 call for
the additional leport of Colonel Graham, for this
single reason: at the last session of Congress,
when we had under consideration the bills for
thimprovements of the harbors of the lakes, it
became necessary to obtain so much of his report
as was ready to be delivered, for the use of the
Senate. We could not act understanding^ with-
out it. We procured a part of his report, and
had it printed for the use of the Senate at that
time. The subsequent portions of his report
were mado, and it was necessary to have them,
and necossary to have them printed, and therefore
Jt was that 1 offered the resolution to have the
whole report printed together. When we come
to refer to this report hereafter, we do not want
two copies of a single report, half in one place
and another half in another place.
So far as these maps arc concerned, we do not
want them printed at all. They are maps that
would not enlighten either House of Congress a
particle when we come to consider any question
connected with the improvement of the lakes.
They are valuable to those officers of the Gov-
ernment who are to carry out the expenditure of
the money. They show the surveys and the
plans; but for the purposes of determining in
