482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. HUNTER. Let it go over until to-mor-
row, and we can take up the Indian appropria-
tion, biil.
Mr. JOHNSON. I.think we can dispose of
this subject in a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must call for the special order, unless dispensed
wish by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. If I should give way, we
could not again get up the Indian appropriation
bill to-day, as so many wish to bring in business.
I will aid the Senator in getting up this subject
to-morrow.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The.Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
614) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1858; the question being on the second amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance to insert, after
the appropriation for the pay of sub-agents:
For the pay of an additional Indian agent for me Indians
of New Mexico, at an annual ualaiy of ,S'l,,rit)0, and lor the
pay of two agents, at an annual saiaiv of -vl.ouo each, one
for Indians in Utuli and one [hi the U'it/'li«!as and mi^h-
boring tnbes west of the < :iioeunvs and Chickasaws, $3,500.
Mr. HUNTER. This new agent is for the
Indians in the Gadsden purchase, where there
are a great many of them; the other portion of
the amendment is for two sub-agents, one in Utah
and one in a new reservation which the Depart-
ment is going to make in the country ceded by
the Choctaws and Cliiekasaws for the southwest-
ern Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. There arc a large number of
formal amendments, correcting the references in
the bill to the treaties under which payments are
made. The question can bo taken on them all
together.
The amendments were,agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee was to
reduce the appropriation for the annuity to the
Creek nation, underthe treaty of August 7,185(1,
from $400,1)00 to #300,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Of the amount appropriated
under the treaty with the Creeks, $100,000, by
an amendment to the treaty ratified by the Sen-
ate, was reserved for such purposes as the coun-
cil might direct. The House of Representatives
inserted a provision in the hill for the payment
of $400,000, to be paid per capita. This amend-
ment is to restrict the expenditure per capita to
$300,000, so as to reserve the $100,000 until the
national council shall determine to what objects
itshail be appropriated.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add at the end of the bill:
For Bonipensiuion of tlirco special agents, and three in-
terpreter* for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for purchase
of presents, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and furnish-
ing agricultural implements and stock for the Indians in
Texas, §71,707 50.
. Mr. HUNTER. These are for the reserva-
tions in Texas, according to the estimate of the
Department.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should be grati-
fied at having an opportunity of knowing how for
this experiment in Texas has been successful
since the last appropriation. I have no objection
to it, provided the experiment promises to be
successful in any reasonable degree. I suppose
the Committee on Finance have agreed to adopt
the suggestion of the proper Department on this
subject, and have made some inquiry as to the
progress made in catching these wild Indians,
putting them upon reservations in Texas, civil-
izing them there, and compelling them to subsist
themselves. I doubt not some progress has been
made; but I should like to hear, as I have not had
an opportunity of knowing to what extent this
policy has been successful', whether the honor-
able Senator feels confidence in its future success.
I do not propose to interpose any objection, unless
it shall appear that no examination has been made
into the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to the general |
policy of the Indian reservations, I did make !
inquiry, but I am sorry to say that I have not j
the information, nor do I believe it is at hand, to ;
satisfy the Senator on all the points on which he j
may desire to be informed. I introduced a reso- ;
lution of inquiry yesterday morning in regard to 1
the whole subject of Indian reservations, for the I
purpose of getting, information which might en- I
able us to legislate on that subject hereafter. I
think the accounts from this particular reservation
in Texas are probably more encouraging than
from any other; but in regard to many of the
others, I have not been able to get information.
1 fear, sir, that it is a subject which will be found
to require a good deal of executive regulation or
of legislation.
This policy may lead to good or ill, according
as it is managed. It may be the means of encour-
aging the Indians to the pursuit of agriculture
and other industrial arts, but it will be difficult to
do it; or it may place them in a worse situation
than before, if they should become a mere refuge
for idleness. In what way it is to eventuate
hereafter I am notable to say. That the general
policy of reservations might he a good one, I can
readily see, if wo do not extinguish the Indian
title too fast. But I am sorry to say that our
policy heretofore has been to extinguish the title
far too rapidly; to send the whites amongst them
before there is any necessity; to disperse the
population of new Territories too much, and to
occasion either Indian wars or to force the settle-
ment of Indians on these reservations prema-
turely. Rut it is a subject with which we cannot
deal until we have more information. If the
Senator will do me the honor to look at the reso-
lution of inquiry which the Senate passed yester-
day, on my motion, he will see that I propose to
extract information on all these points. Until
wc are informed, and can legislate in regard to
these matters, I do not know what else we can do
than make some appropriation for this purpose.
We have cut down the estimates to some ex-
tent, as far as the Indian department thought it
could be done with any degree of safety. Still,
sir, 1 acknowledge that we are legislating very
much in the dark. We have no information
except what comes from those distant agents on
the Pacific coast. We have to trust to them. It
is not very specific; but until some means are
resorted to in order to procure more accurate
information, I do not see what we can do except
to make some appropriations for the purpose of
maintaining the Indians on these reservations.
For some of them it is indispensable that appro-
priations should he made. Whether these dis-
tant agents may not be pushing this policy too
far and too fast, 1 am not able to say.
I believe there is no department of our Gov-
ernment which requires regulation so much as
this. I hope the Committee on Indian Affairs
will take up the subject, and see if they cannot
introduce some reform, in order to insure that
these reservations shall be appropriated to the
uses for which they were first set apart, and in
order to throw additional safeguards around the
action of the agents. We cannot legislate upon
this bill. I wish wo could do so. 1 believe if we
could introduce an act of a few lines restraining
an$- superintendent of Indian affairs or any Gov-
ernor of a Territory from making treaties to ex-
tinguish Indian titles, unless when authorized by
the Government to do so, it would be a great
thing tor us; but we cannot introduce it on an
appropriation bill.
1 will say, as the Senator from Tennessee has
addressed me in reference to the matter, that I
hope the Committee on Indian Affairs will take
up the whole subject; for unless they do so we
cannot put an end to the evil. One of the sources
of evil is, that every superintendent and Govern-
or of a Territory seems to think it a feather in
his cap to make a treaty extinguishing the Indian
title. After it is once made they write to the
department that expectations have been created,
and unless the treaty is ratified and their promises
are carried out trouble will be created among the
Indians; and in this way we have been led to
confirm treaty after treaty, in my opinion far too
rapidly. Something ought to be done to restrain
it hereafter. W e have difficulties enough arising
out of the extent to which it has already gone, to
deal -,/ith.
But, as I said before, these are matters for
which we cannot provide in an appropriation bill;
I will ^ay to the Senator from Tennessee, that
the Indian department here has reduced the esti-
mates of its distant agents a good deal; and the
Committee on Finance have been able, by exam-
ining the subject, to reduce somewhat the original
estimates of the department, with the consent
of the department itself.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Committee
on Finance, whether it be their exclusive duty or
not, have the whole burden of these examinations
cast on them in reference to appropriations for
these objects, and I can readily see that the burden
is too great to admit of thorough and proper in-
vestigation. I think the Committee on Indian
Affairs have had no opportunity to investigate it.
The subject has not been committed to them in a
way which would justify them, as a committee, in
intermeddling with these appropriations. I rise
without any authority from that committee, of
which I am a member, to make these inquiries,
that we may have some statement in some degree
authorizing these large appropriations. In regard
to Texas, I have no doubt the honorable Senator
from that State, who is a practical member of this
body , and has a thorough acquaintance with the
condition of Indian affairs in the State w'hieh he
so ably represents on this floor, can, and I hope
he will, make some statement in relation to this
subject, which will satisfy us that this appropria-
tion ought to be made. It is a pretty large
amount. The two items for Texas — the one
already passed without objection, and this—to-
gether amount to about eighty-five thousand •
dollars. I suppose that this appropriation is
but a continuation of the policy adopted about
two years ago.
Mr. HUNTER. It is the same appropriation,
or rather less than it was last year.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I supposed there
was some authentic information either before the
department that made these recommendations,
or before the Committee on Finance, to justify
them in proposing so large an expenditure for
this object. I have heard an expression of opin-
ion from the honorable Senator from Texas pri-
vately, but I wish him to state on the floor of the
Senate what opinion he has on the subject, i
believe he thinks the appropriation is a proper
one; but as the Senate will probably require
some information in regard to other large appro-
priations of a similar nature which are proposed
by the Committee on Finance, I think it proper
to commence with this one for Texas, that we
may see our way as we progress.
Mr. RUSK. The appropriation proposed for
Texas stands on a different footing from other
appropriations of a like character, for this reason:
when Texas was annexed to the United States,
no Indian policy whatever was adopted. I at-
tempted to get the intercourse laws extended
over Texas; but it was refused. There were ons
or two or more reports from the Committee on
Indian Affairs in favor of that measure. The
matter was debated, and the main ground on
which the Senate and House of Representatives
refused to extend the intercourse laws to Texas
was, that Texas owned the land. Although we
bad a very extended frontier, and it was fre-
quently depredated upon by the Camanches,
many of whom did not belong to Texas, the ap-
propriations for a number of years were meager.
They were temporary in their character. No
permanent Indian agents were sent to the State
of Texas. An annual appropriation of $15,000,
to cover the payment of such agents as might be
deemed necessary by the bureau, and for presents
to tribes, was usually made in the appropriation
bill.
That is one of the items in this bill now. The
department then suggested the propriety of col-
onizing these tribes, and asked of the State of
Texas that she would set apart and cede a por-
tion of her territory for the purpose of settling
them. There are various tribes there, and nearly
all of them belong to the United States. The
Delawares, the Caddoes, and various other small
bands of Indians went from the United States,
and roamed about through the prairies of Texas.
A large portion of the Camanches do not properly
belong to the State of Texas, but to the Terri-
tories of the United States north of that State.
They are a roaming band, however, and could
