486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
harvest of the fisherman. The Indians follow
them. They are thus brought in contact with one
another, and the buffalo is receding and disap-
pearing. Why, sir, in my day, the buffalo has
crossed the Muskingum river in Ohio, and 1 have
myself seen them 011 the Mississippi. • And now
they are not within thousands of miles, perhaps,
of the spot where I saw them. They are gone.
They have fled before the white man and the
Indian. We are taking from the Indians their
means of living.
I agree with the Senator from Kentucky, that
this is a subject involving great difficulty. I shall
vote, I hope not profusely, but according to wh#.t
I consider to be the duty of American legislators,
to discharge our obligations as far as I can.
There is a practical point which I have seen and
felt, that makes this matter an exceedingly diffi-
cult one. If you support the Indians on reserva-
tions, there is an end of all hope of improvement,
for they will look to you for everything; and
if you ao nothing, they will starve, or go to war
with your people. So it becomes a practical
point, involving their safety and their goodwill,
how much you will do under such circn instances.
Itmustnecessarily be left to a wise administration.
I agree with my friend from Tennessee on that
point; it does require a wise administration.
Mr. WELLER. I have no disposition to en-
gage in this discussion, but I have a few obser-
vations to submit on some of the questions which
have been presented. I agree with the honor-
able Senator from Michigan that there is no ques-
tion upon which there would be a greater diver-
sity of opinion than as to the best disposition to
be made of the Indians in our limits. I confess
that it is utterly impossible, in my judgment, to
devise any plan which will prevent the extirpa-
tion of the Indian tribes. 11is like death, a mere
question of time. They are bound, I think, to be
exterminated from the continent of North Amer-
ica. The only question presented to us is, how
far we can soften the blow which necessity will
compel us to inflict? If the Senator from Ken-
tucky can devise any better plan for preventing
the utter extermination of the Indians than that
which has been adopted in these reservations, I
certainly would at once go for that.
It was the policy of the Government many
years ago to remove the Indians to the West;
but, as tile Senator from Michigan has well said,
we have no West now for them. The white man
has gone on the shores of the Pacific ocean. We
have the Indians now between the upper and
nether millstone. We are pushing them from
the Pacific in this direction, whilst you are push-
ing them towards the Pacific. Here they are,
then. They will be inevitably exterminated, and
the only question is, what policy we can adopt
which will prolong their existence to the greatest
extent, and which will alleviate their sufferings
whilst they remain among us?
The Senator from Kentucky ought to have
remembered that within the last ten years we
added more than two hundred thousand Indians
to our population. The vast extent of country
which we acquired within the past ten years has
thrown on the American Government more than
two hundred thousand wild Indians. It is there-
fore necessary to increase the expenditures of the
Indian^ service. Although there may be only
some eight thousand or ten thousand wliite people
in the Territory of Washington, they are tl^pre
as citizens of this Republic; they are there under
the protection of your flag, a'nd you are bound
to extend to them the same protection you do to
the people in the heart and center of the Re-
public.
The question is, what policy can you best
adopt which will protect the people of Washing-
ton Territory ? If the Senator will look to the
expenses which this Government incurred in con-
sequence of Indian wars during the past year, he
will find that these Indian wars waged in Oregon
and Washington will cost, this Government be-
tween $2,000,000 and $3,000,000. If an appro-
priation of $300,000 a year,in order to supply
the Indians with food, with the ordinary neces-
saries of life, will prevent us from engaging in
war, it will not only be a matter of economy for
the Government to adopt it, hut what is far more
important than that, iI, will be an act of humanity.
If these appropriations had been made during the
pact year, in all probability much of the cxjicnocs
which were incurred by this Government in the
progress of that war could have been avoided.
I have noticed the Indians on the other side of
the continent; and in one respect there is a dif-
ference between the Indians on this side and those
on the western slope. The Senator from Mich-
igan has well said that the Indian here regards it
as dishonorable to work. That feeling does not
exist with our Indians on the Pacific to the same
extent that it does on this side, and I am very
glad of it. There are now five thousand or six
thousand Indians collected in California upon the
different reservations, and many of them are
engaged in agriculture. The young men of the
different tribes in a few days—many of them in
a week—learn to plow as well as the American
boys. On one of these reservations they have
cultivated, during the past year, twelve hundred
or fourteen hundred acres of ground; and very
soon, I think, on that side of the continent they
can be taught the art of agriculture, so as to pro-
vide themselves with the ordinary necessaries of
life. Upon this side, I agree with the Senator
from Michigan, that an Indian thinks it the
height of dishonor to engage in any sort of
work.
Wo have gone on from year to year trying this
experiment. Thus far it has succeeded in Cali-
fornia, but not to the extent that I desired; and
besides it has cost the Government a much larger
sum than, in my judgment, it ought to have cost.
At all events, however, it is the only remedy. The
Senator from Kentucky points out the defect in
this system. I hold that he who points out de-
fects is bound to propose a remedy. What is
the remedy? Extermination? Certainly not.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky could not
find it in his heart to leave these Indians wholly
unprotected—to leave them to the mercy of the
white man who might desire their land—who
mightdesire to digthegold outof their rivens, and
thus to drive away the fish which was the ordi-
nary food of the natives on that side of the con-
tinent. The acorn grounds of the Indian in Cali-
fornia have been destroyed. Dams have been
thrown across his rivers, and the fish compelled
to leave them, until there is now nothing left but
starvation or stealing. There was a large tribe
of Indians during the past year in the northern
part of the State that were in an absolute state of
starvation. The Indian agent goes in amongst
these tribes, procures as many of them as possi-
ble, throws them down on the reservation, and
there they are furnished with the necessities of
life. The appropriations asked for this year for
my State are twenty-five or thirty thousand dol-
lars le§s than last year. The reason of that
diminution is because the Indians are nowenabled
to cultivate the ground, and supply themselves
with the necessaries of life to a certain extent.
You must, Mr. President, either appropriate
the public money in this way, or these Indians
will be slaughtered by those from whom they
steal from necessity. They are there scattered
all over the State of California, deprived of their
ordinary food. Many of them live upon grass-
hoppers, but they have disappeared. They can-
not even get them. And now, the question is,
whether you will leave them to be slaughtered by
the white man, or will take a portion of your rich
Treasury to endeavor to alleviate the blow which
necessity compels you to inflict upon them? As
I said before, 1 know of no policy which can pre-
vent their utter extermination on this continent;
but, in my judgment, you may adopt a policy
which will prolong their existence, and alleviate
their sufferings as they pass down into the dark
valley of the shadow of death.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I may ho excused, I
ho]3e, for occupying the attention of the Senate
a few moments longer. The gentleman from
California appeals to my humanity towards the
Indian to know whether I would deprive him of the
means which are now employed, and the money
that is necessary to alleviate that fatal blow which,
ho says, we must ultimately inflict on them. I
was very unsuccessful in making myself under-
stood by the honorable gentleman, if he did not
understand that the whole object of my remarks
was to urge on us to adopt some policy in rela-
tion to these Indians that would be more benefi-
cent in its effects—that would better discharge the
duties of humanity which we owe towards them,
my judgment being that we were now spending
an inordinate sum of money in comparison with,
the good that it produced. Money expended for
good is expended for its proper purpose. I value
it for no other.
I wish to see the appropriations here of such
a character as to be productive of the greatest
possible amount of good for the Indians. I want
to see a policy adopted which shall be most benef-
icent, and most conservative towards the'Indian
race. I think, as the honorable Senator from
Michigan says, it is a great duty which we have
to perform. We are under a great moral respons-
ibility to mankind and to humanity for the due
and proper performance of that duty . The ques-
tion is, are we now performing it in the course
of our policy; does the money we expend do the
Indians an adequate service—an adequate good ?
That is the only question I make. I would give
this money, and more, if we could convert them,
by any policy we could adopt, into a peaceful, an
agricultural people. Then they would not re-
quire our aid; they would not require this allow-
ance from our Treasury to live upon. We should
have a prospect, at the same time that we accom-
plished their good, of relieving the Treasury of
our own country from paying large sums of
money for their subsistence.
That is a species of policy which would seem
to have reason in it; but to say that you can
make nothing of the poor Indian is to say that
you are to go on with this system of unproduc-
tive expenditure—useless expenditure—an expen-
diture which does the Indian no permanentgood,
which treats him as the mere object of daily char-
ity. That is not improving the Indian; and the
more you give to such a tribe, the more aid you
render them, the less capable they are of support-
ing themselves, and the longer you pursue that
policy the sooner the Indian perishes. I say that
is a system which cannot be sound and correct.
The gentleman seems to think there is no other
system, and challenges me to present a system.
He says that he who suggests the existence of an
evil ought to be able to point out a remedy Sir,
the Senate has not thought so. I think there are
few here who do notjjelieve there are evils, and
great evils, in our present system. They have
not trusted me with any participation in the coun-
sels of the Committee on Indian Affairs. They
have chosen better, I have no doubt, and put
those who are more capable than I am in charge
of the subject. Why, then, call upon me? Every
man who knows there is an evil ought to propose
his remedy for it, says the Senator. Whenever
he is sick, I suppose "he turns his doctor out of
doors, and prescribes for himself, according to
this philosophy and system of reasoning !
Sir, I did not intend to assume to myself the
charge of this great subject. I wish to call to it
the attention of those whom I consider more
capable than myself of suggesting and applying
remedies. That was my humbler and less am-
bitious object. I know there is an evil. No man
in the Senate can vindicate the course of this
policy—not that we have not designed rightly,
yea benevolently, but to this anomalous sort of
subject the remedies which we have applied have
not been the right ones; and I infer that, fiora
the palpable results before the world, you have
effected too little by all you have done and are
doing.
I trust that my honorable friend from Michigan,
who ought to understand and does understand
this subject as well as any one here, does not
think the Indian is incapable of civilization—that
the Almighty has made a race of beings on this
earth, and condemned them irretrievably and
irrevocably to nothing better than a state of savage
barbarity. The illustration of their indocility,
however, is furnished by the experiments that
have been made to educate a few Indians by
sending them to college, giving them an academic
education, and restoring them again to their
tribes. What good has been done by it? What
philosophy was there that could hope for any-
thing from such an attempt? No, sir; the lesson
to be taught them is to work. That is the edu-
cation to be given to the savage; and when you
have accomplished even that humble portion of
his education, you have converted the savage into
a civilized man. When you have done that you
may take up the culture of his mind; but to take
the Indian with all his habits, and stuff him with
a little college learning, is worse than useless.
