1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The beginning of the education of all is labor.
That is the great foundation upon which all edu-
cation rests. The savage, with all the education
books can give, is still a savage. Teach him to
•work that is the only lesson you have to teach.
Persuade him to work; set him the example;
furnish him the means; and nobody would vote
more liberally than I would any expenditure
necessary for that purpose. Get him to settle
down, get him to become attached to a home, to
love the soil with which he mingles the sweat of
Jus brow, to eat the bread which has been sweet-
ened by his labor, and out of the veriest savage
you will have made a civilized human being. He
will redeemrhimself from the opinion that he is
incapable of civilization, and get rid of that con-
demnation.
The gentleman from California supposes that
nothing can be proposed. I do not stand up
here to take voluntarily on my shoulders the
reformation of a system grown old, and I am
afraid now almost hopeless. But how are you
attempting to govern the Indian ? What few of
us know anything about it, or what is the char-
acter of the system ? What are the means of
bringing him to settle down and labor? Sir, in
my humble judgment, if you look to that bill to
•which I before alluded, and the policy proposed
by the venerable and distinguished Senator now
no more — Hugh L. White — you will find the
true idea. It must not be a distant Government
in Washington Territory to legislate for these
things. Put a government over the Indian. Let
him represent the President and people of the
United States. Make a governor general of him
if you choose. Put money in his hand; put dis-
cretion and power in his hand; and if he is a
good man, and can feel anything of that paternal
care and that mighty power to lescue human
beings from the wrctched condition of barbarism
—if you can get an honest and benevolent man
there, full of these purposes, then you will be
approaching a system by which you may test
the capacity of the Indian for civilization. You
will see such a governor, by the power you give
him, collecting together these warring tribes,
making little presents such as are adapted to
them, holding out little inducements which he
will learn by a knowledge of their habits among
them. You will see settlement after settlement,
under the paternal care of such a ruler, rising up
around you. The old men and the women and
children will go forward;and the young men will
follow and profit by the example set them by
their seniors. *
The Indians can in fliis way be preserved.
They can in this way be made to sustain and
support themselves. But the expenditure you
are now making, in the way you are making it,
promises to result injuriously. It is a perpetuity
of money paid out with no result to the declining
Indian but merely to inflict that mortal blow with
which you are ultimately to exterminate him. I
am for no such extermination. I look upon them
as a race that has been strangely put on earth, as
a race for whose destiny we are in some degree
responsible to God and to man. I would do any-
thing—no expenditure of money would stop me,
if I could think it was accomplishing any good ,
or attaining, at ever so distant a period, an ulti-
mate result which should make them happy, and
relieve us from the burden of taxation for them.
I would deal out money with a liberal hand, un-
counted.
But why send off afar, and appoint A here and
B there? We are employing means which must
lead to prodigality, and has led to prodigality, as
I humbly conceive. However generous I might
feel, I do not consider myself at liberty to throw
away the people's money, unless I have some
great, humane, constitutional purpose to accom
plish. This is the people's money. I will sup-
Eose my constituents to be willing that it should
e employed for any benevolent, just, constitu-
tional purpose. That implies no power to pur-
sue a prodigal system; and I see that your sys-
tem of giving money to the Indians to put in their
pockets leads to no good result. What lias become
of it ? What becomes of all the little knowledge
you put into the heads of the few uneducated In-
dians you send to college ? It runs wild and waste
into its native barbarism. Money given to an
Indian ! You might almost as well throw it into
the xiver.
Mr. WELLER. Nobody proposes that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Nobody proposes that!
Why, this bill proposes that the superintendent
of the Indians shall stand by and see the money
paid into every man's hand.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose that applies to
money paid under treaties.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I' suppose so too. I
object to the whole system, ana that is a part of
it. That is not the way to improve them. Give
them plows; show them how to use them; teach
them all the advantages of civilized life, and do
whatever is necessary to be done to draw them
away from barbarity, and make civilized human
beings of them. I say that this is the right way.
The gentleman from California supposes that it
is givmg the Indian a gentle sort of soporific, by
wluch he may die out. What does ne do with
his money ? You give him a little money to buy
a little more whisky, or a little more paint to
signalize his barbarity on his face. That is what
he does with the money; or he buys a gun, or he
buys powder, which uo not contribute at all to
his civilization, but enable him to maintain his
idle and barbarous habits.
Now, am I not right, Mr. President, in saying
that this is a vicious system? It was all well
designed. We have teslcd it by experience; and
does not experience show that in this great sys-
tem we have been greatly mistaken ? Find me a
way to benefit the Indian and civilize him, to
make him a working mail who can sustain him-
self; and while he is undergoing that sort of edu-
cation I will contribute as liberally as any man
here from the public Treasury, and give him an
opportunity of learning the artof agriculture, and
learning to enjoy a household. The gentleman
from California lives in a country where there
are a great many of thom. He has influence in
this body that 1 have not. Let lnm take the task.
I have pointed out the evil as I think it exists;
others are here to judge of it and apply the
remedy.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to say only a word
or two, as I am anxious to get avote in regard to
what I conceive to be the actual question before
us. This policy of reservations is a recent policy.
The Government entered into it upon delibera-
tion, under the belief that something might be
wrought out of it for the benefit of the Indian.
AVe have not been trying it long enough to be
justified, after expending so much money upon
it, in putting an end to it at one fell swoop. We
have therefore to determine, in regard to these
estimates, whether we will vote the amount which
is said by the agents and all the persons here
who are supposed to be best acquainted with
these matters to be necessary to subsist the_ In-
dians who have been attracted to the reservations
by our treaties or promise, or whether, without
information, without accurate knowledge of the
subject wo shall put an end to it at once, and take
all the embarrassments to which that must lead.
It seemed to the Committee on Finance to be
best under such circumstances lo vote what was
said to be necessary for the present, and to col-
lect information in order that we might sec from
that whether this experiment was likely to result
for good or for evil.
I confess that I regard it as a doubtful matter
as yet. 1 was not one of those who originated
it. It was originated by other persons; but the
Government is committed to it to a certain extent,
and I think, therefore, that we ought to vote
what is necessary to support them in their present
position, and take time to ascertain whether the
experiment is likely to work well or ill. My
own impression is, that if it should be found to
%vork well; if they could manage in any way to
induce the Indian to labor, and perhaps they can
do it if they give him separate property—I do
not mean in fee-simple—but if they give the In-
dian the proceeds of his own labor, perhaps
they may be able to introduce a system of indus-
try, and thus improve, them. If they do, it is
probably the cheapest way by which we can
provide for their support and maintenance during
this process of extermination of which my friend
from California has spoken.
It seems to me, sir, as far as I can understand
the subject, that if we were at liberty to pursue
that policy which is best, 1 would not extinguish
the Indian title so rapidly. As long as the white
it-t d-"s not want the wild territory, let the
Indian subsist on it by hunting. He will then
cost us nothing. He will be happier than I fear
he will ever be in any other condition to which
we may transplant him. I would extinguish the
title as far as is necessary for settlement. - When
the settlements require that the Indian title should
be extinguished, if there was not room for him
further in the wilds and plains, then, if this
policy of reservations would work, it seems to
me it would be humane; it would be the cheapest
way in which we could subsist him, to reserve
these lands when they were cheap, and put him
on them to work out his own subsistence.
Whether that is practicable, I acknowledge i$
rt to be ascertained; but until it is ascertained,
think it would be premature and unwise to
strike at this system, which was initiated some
three years ago.
I confess I have always had doubts about this
feed or fight policy, which has been carrying us
now for three or four years to one expenditure
after another, until it is doubtful whether we
shall not have to support all these Indian tribes,
whether they will not come to us for flour and
meat and the means of living, and not even use
their own exertions in hunting for subsistence.
I acknowledge I have doubts m regard to that
policy; but that, too, has been pursued. If the
Government is to go on with that which it has
initiated, the cheapest way wo can do it would be
to collect thom on lands which we cpuld reserve
while they were cheap, and make them work.
We ought to resort to some means, it seems to
me, to make them work; that is to say, they
should find that they would be rewarded if they
labored, and suffer if they did not labor. I would
not leave them to starve; but we might, by some
system of regulation, hold out such inducements
to thom as would make them labor. To do all
this, time is required, information is necessary;
and until we got it, I see nothing better to do but
to vote these estimates, which are, 1 acknowledge,
prima facie, very large.
1 have sought all the information which there
is here. We have none except what the agents
send from the Pacific coast. The estimates are
much smaller than they have sent to us; they
have been reduced. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, who is an able and honest man, has
introduced the knife as far as he thought it was
safe to do it, and I confess for one I should not
like to take the responsibility of reducing them
lower. If any man can show me any item with
which we can dispense with safety, I would vote
for it with pleasure; for, as I said before, I ac-
knowledge that the growth of the Indian appro-
priations seems to be inordinate; and yet, sir, I
must not be understood as designing to impute
to Congress or the Executive, or any one, spe-
cial blame for the condition in which we are. It ,
results from the difficulties of our position. We
have acquired immense possessions at a great
distance. To regulate them properly—to secure
the punctual and proper application of money
which we appropriate to it, must be a work of
time and skill, and will be a difficult achievement
when it is accomplished. I therefore do not blame
any department of this Government, or any com-
mittee of this body or in the other House, that
may not have succeeded in accomplishing this
great achievement. I hope, however, that when
we get more information we may be able to im-
prove upon the past policy, but until that is
afforded to us, as I said before, I know of nothing
but to vote these estimates.
Mr. WELLER. The remarks of the Senator
from Virginia with regard to the difficulty grow-
ing out of the too rapid extinguishment of Indian
title certainly cannot apply to that section of
country from which 1 come. We have extin-
guished no title there. We have no treaty with
any of the Indians residing in the State of Cali-
fornia, and therefore the difficulties of which the
Senator speaks cannot grow out ,of the too rapid
extinction of Indian title in that country. There
we adopted a different policy—that of removing
the Indians from various portions of the State to
the reservations, where they are to be taught to
labor—where we do not propose, as the Senator
from Kentucky thought, to give the Indian
money with which to buy ardent spirits, or buy
that which would ruin notonly his constitution but
his usefulness. We propose on these reservations
the employment of the young. It is very difficult,
