488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
I grant, to get the older Indians to work. There
is a repugnance to work; but it is not so strong
•with the Indians on that side of the continent as
it is with the Indians to whom the honorable
Senator from Michigan alluded.
Isaidthatjin my judgment, these Indians were
bound to be exterminated.. It was a melancholy
reflection, indeed, to have that conclusion forced
on ray mind; but how many hundreds of tribes
that could number their thousands of warriors
have been swept from the face of the earth within
the memory of my distinguished friend from
Michigan? How many of those tribes with which
he was associated many years ago, as a public
officer, have long since ceased to exist? I grant
you there are some Indian tribes—the Cherokees,
Choctaws, and Chic.kasaws—which have made
considerable progress in civilization, in the arts,
and in various improvements; they have their
farms; they have a constitutional government,
where justice is as regularly administered, per-
haps, as in some of the States of this Union; but
I know of no Indian tribe that is now increasing
in numbers. They are gradually, and in many
places very rapidly, disappearing from the face
of the earth. I doubt not that, within the last
five years, in the State of California, more than
twenty thousand of them have passed away.
They arc rapidly disappearing. If you took
time, you might perhaps civilize the Indian; but
it would take you two or three generations to
effect your object. It is a work of time. You
might accomplish it, but, as I said before, the
conviction has been forced on my mind that they
will ultimately be exterminated. I trust in God
that in this I may be mistaken.
We do not propose, as the honorable Senator
from Kentucky thought, to give these Indians
money, and therefore the argument that he ad-
duced would have been a very good one in execu-
tive session, against the ratification of a treaty
which does make a provision for the distribution
of money per capita amongst these Indians.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Does the gentleman
say we do not pay the Indians annuities, and
money to many and many tribes ?
Mr. WELLER. We do that under treaties,
and the argument of the Senator ought to have
been against the ratification of the treaties; but
after we have made the treaties binding on the
Government to distribute the money, would the
Senator from Kentucky repudiate them?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly not.
Mr. WELLER. Would he allow the Gov-
ernment to break its faith with the Indian ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have said I would not.
Mr. WELLER. Therefore it is too lute for
the Senator from Kentucky to make that argu-
ment, The treaties have been made, the faith of
the Government has been pledged, and we are
bound in honor to carry them out. The imme-
diate proposition before the Senate is on the
question of reservations. We propose by a sys-
tem of labor to bring the Indians as far as pos-
sible within the limits of civilization. The Jesuits
in California had their missions. They had a
large number of Indians at each one of those
missions. They compelled them to work. That
was the system of the Jesuits. Perhaps there
is no system of religion on the face of the earth
that is so well calculated to civilize, to say noth-
ing of Christianizing, the Indians as the Catholic
religion. It strikes at the imagination of the
Indian. It is not worth whilo to sitdown to tSlk
to the Indian about the profound mysteries of
our Savior, and all that system of religion which
the Protestants profess. You must have a sys-
tem which strikes the imagination; and there-
fore, as far as my observation has extended, the
Jesuits have done more in California towards
civilizing the Indians than any other system ever
adopted. Now, we propose in these reservations
to substitute, not the religion of the Catholics,
nor any particular system. Our main object is
to civilize them. We put them under the control
of superintendents who will take care that they
are rewarded according to their work.
I know the system is carried out of making
contracts with the Indians on the reservations.
The superintendent .says, " I intend to kill a beef
to-morrow, and I will give you so many pounds
provided you work to-day; but if you do not
work there is no meat." They will turn in and
work sometime!) for a week. They will get abund-
ance of food. They will then go up into the
mountains, and live on acorns and grasshoppers,
and fruits, found there in great abundance; and
when that source gives out, they will come back
again to the reservation, making that their home.
In a short time the visits they make to the mount-
ains will be less frequent. They will regard the
reservation more and more as their home, and
ultimately they may be induced to remain there
altogether, and engage in labor for their subsist-
ence. The only object we have in view in this
system is to inculcate on the mind of the Indian
the necessity of labor in order to obtain the neces-
saries of life. The time will soon come on the
Pacific coast when nature will make no provision
for them. Their acorns will be gone, the fish
will be driven from the streams, and they will see
the necessity of resorting to the cultivation of the
soil in order to obtain their food.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the Chair respect-
fully what is the question ? Is it on the whole
of these amendments together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is on a
single amendment, which will be read if the Sen-
ator desires it.
Mr. HALE. I understood the chairman of
the Committee on Finance to say that the ques-
tion should be taken on the amendments alto-
gether.
Mr, HUNTER. No, sir; that remark only
applied to some formal amendments correcting
mistaken references to treaties under which the
appropriations were made. The question now is
on the amendment to make an appropriation for
Indian reservations in Texas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
amendment will be read.
It was read as follows:
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and furnish-
ing agricultural implements and stock for tile'Indiana in
Texas, $71,707 50.
Mr. HALE. I have nothing to say on that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
[■'or the genetal incidental expenses or the Fndian service
ill California, including traveling expenses of the superin-
tendent, agents, and sub-agents, $17,000.
Mr, HUNTER. That is less than the appro-
priation for the same object last year.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of hidians of California to the reservations in that
State, ami for pay of physicians, smiths, mechanics, and
laborers at the reservations, $162,000 : Provided,'Vll'dt nil
amount not exceeding $10,000 therefrom may be expended
for the relief of the temporary wants of Indians outside of
said reservations.
Mr. HUNTER. That is less than the appro-
priation of last year, and $50,000 less than the
estimate of the California superintendent.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the honor-
able Senator from California will give us some
specific information in regard to the experiment
made in that State two or three years ago. I did
not intend by the remarks which I made on the
preceding amendment in relation to Texas, to
open the field for a general discussion, wide and
diffusive, on the general policy of the Govern-
ment in relation to the Indians. But I wished to
direct the attention of the Senate to the question,
whether or not the appropriations proposed to be
made at the present time exceeded the amount
which the information before us justified us in
making? As we have no specific and authentic
information before us as to the progress of this
policy, and its usefulness heretofore, is not the
presumption reasonable that it is not wise to make
appropriations for these purposes to as large an
amount as heretofore? I agree that we cannot
dispense with this policy suddenly, because there
are many Indians on these reservations. I desire
to hear from my friend from California how many
Indians have really been assembled on the reser-
vations in south and in north California. The
honorable Senator from Texas has told us that he
learned there are about two thousand five hundred
on the reservations in Texas. That is a pretty
respectable number, and for them we propose to
appropriate $71,000 in aid of their subsistence to
supply the defects of their labor for a year.
Now, I desire to learn what has been the result
of this policy in California. Three or four hun-
dred thousand dollars have been already appro-
priated for the purpose of removing the Indians
m that State from their lands, and placing them
on reservations. I have heard the general remarks
of the Senator from California on this subject, and
his general views in relation to the policy, with
which I am well pleased, if it is practicable. I
went into this policy originally with the sanguine
expectation that it would prove successful. I
think the time has now come for us to inquire
as to its success. We should inquire from the
gentlemen representing the States and Territories
for which those appropriations have been made,
whether we have sufficient information to induce
us to suppose that it is a failure, or is almost cer-
tain to be a failure. If that be so, I think it is
time that we should curtail our appropriations,
and gradually relieve ourselves from the neces-
sity of pursuing this policy at a great expense,
with little or no profit to the Government or to
the Indians.
The amendment now under consideration pro-
poses to appropriate $162,000 for defraying .the
expenses of the removal and subsistence of In-
. dians in California to the reservations in that
State, including the pay of physicians, smiths,
mechanics, and laborers, £t the reservations, with
a proviso that $10,000 may be expended, at the
discretion of the superintendent, 1 suppose, to
relieve the immediate wants of the Indians out-
side of the reservations. Will my friend from
California gratify the Senate by statinghow many
have been collected there heretofore ? What has
been the success of this policy in California within
the last two years ? It has been adopted as a
I beneficent and humane measure. It was proposed
' as an experiment for California, but its supporters
at that time contemplated a progressive enlarge-
ment of it, extending to all the Indians in our
western Territories generally, and the Pacific
Territories especially.
Mr. WELLER. I regret that I am not able
to give the Senator from Tennessee the particular
information which he desires on this subject. It
was my intention to look personally into this
matter last fall, on my return from this city to
California, but unfortunately I was sick during
the whole time I was in that State, and therefore
I was not able to visit any of those reservations.
My understanding is, that some five thousand
Indians have been brought down to the reserva-
tions.
The Senator will remember that five reserva-
tions were authorized by law—very large reser-
vations, over twenty thousand acres in each one.
They are scattered over different portions of the
State. The whole number brought down during
the past two years is perhaps five thousand. I
mean to say that is the number there now. A
very considerable number have come down to
the reservation, worked a short time, and gone
back to their old hunting grounds, where they
will remain as long as they can obtain the neces-
saries of life without labor. So far as I have
observed, the system has succeeded, though
not so well as I desired. The system is a much
more expensive one than I supposed at the outset
it would be. I undertook to say to the Senate,
some four years ago, I think, that after we had
purchased the necessary stock, and had settled
the Indians on their lands, and given them im-
plements and set them to work, they would be
able to sustain themselves, or would' require but
a small appropriation from the Treasury. I had
hoped that the time would come when that anti-
cipation would be realized; but it has not. The
appropriation last year was $205,000, and the
one now proposed is about thirty thousand dol-
lars less. In my judgment that amount could
not be reduced below this; but I was in favor of
the reduction made by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. The estimates of the superintendent of
i Indian affairs in California, who is a man of in-
telligence and great energy of character, were
I some thirty thousand more than the amount pro-
i vided in the amendment reported by the chairman
I of the Committee on Finance. I am still of the
j opinion that the system will succeed, although I
j confess I am not so confident as I was four years
1 ago.
I Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Are there any
i Indians located on these reservations who have
i become laborers and cultivators of the soil ?
! Mr, WELLER. I said when I was up before,
I that on one o, the reservations they had culti-
