1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
480
vated twelve hundred or thirteen hundred acres
of land last year.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I recollect having
seen a report' to that effect some eighteen months
ago I think.
Mr. WELLER. That was in regard to the
southern reservation near the Tejon Pass, called
the Sebastian reservation. I am now speaking of
the Nomalackee reservation in the central part of
the State, which is the most prosperous reserva-
tion. Two years ago the lower reservation con-
tained a larger number of Indians, and the lands
were better improved; but during last year a very
fine reservation has been opened at Nomalackee,
and a very large number of Indians located there.
Mr. BELL, of-Tennessee. We have no offi-
cial report, as I understand, giving any authentic
information as to what has been really done in
the last year on these reservations. I infer that
from the statement of my honorable friend from
California, who has not been able to ascertain the
fects in relation to them. Then ought we to be
called upon to continue these large appropriations
in the absence of such information as should be
before us to enable us to determine whether the
system be worth this great expenditure? I do not
pretend that we ought to withhold all appropria-
tions, because we have encouraged the Indians to
some extent, and they are relying on this source,
and great mischief might arise if we were not to
make an appropriation; but is there sufficient
information before us upon which we ought to
continue the appropriation even to the amount
fixed by the Committee oil Finance, who, I under-
stand from the honorable Senator from Virginia,
made the reduction arbitrarily? They had no
information to justify them in it. The informa-
tion afforded by the Department in regard to
these appropriations was not satisfactory, as I
understand from the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. HUNTER. The reduction made on the
estimates of the superintendent in California were
not exactly made arbitrarily. It was certainly
determined to give him no more than he had last
year; but there were certain items which we
could diminish safely without mischief.
Mr. WELLER. The main reduction was
based on this fact: that there were a larger num-
ber of employes on these different reservations
than the public good required.
Mr. HUNTER. That was one serious error,
as was thought, in the estimate.
Mr. WELLER. I ought to have stated to the
Senator from Tennessee, that I have not seen the
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs pre-
sented at this session. I believe his report, and
the other documents accompanying the Presi-
dent's message, have not yet been laid on our
tables in printed form, though they were ordered
.to be printed four or five weeks ago. If I had
that report, I think I could give the Senator a
part of the information which he seems to desire.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am unwilling to
let the question be taken on this amendment with-
out dissentingfrom the idea advanced by the Sen-
ator from Virginia a few moments ago, that in
deciding one of these amendments we determined
the principle that we shall go on and make all
these appropriations. -I notify the Senator from
Virginia that I shall call for information particu-
larly in relation to the appropriations proposed
for the Territories of Oregon and Washington,
on which I desire to make some remarks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of Utah, $10,000: Provided, That the
amount appropriated by the act of 3lst July, 1854, for nego-
tiating treaties with Indian tribes m said Territory, may be
expended for the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service therein.
Mr. HUNTER, This is a reduction on the
estimate of the superintendent, the Governor of
the Territory.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Oregon Territory, including insurance and transportation
of annuities, goods, and presents, and office and traveling
expenses of the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents,
$39,500.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not know that
I shall take exception to this appropriation. Per-
haps it may be necessary. But I ask the attention
of the Senate to the printed amendments which
immediately follow it. I will say in the outset,
that it is very obvious the Senator from Ken-
tucky did not state the sources of the abuses or
misapplications of the public money which are
supposed to take place in the administration of
the Indian affairs of this country. I am aware
that it is very difficult to get the attention of the
Senate generally to any question connected with
this policy, now becoming of the utmost import-
ance. There is nothing political in it. When
measures are proposed in Congress which touch
the politics of the country, gentlemen are all at
tention and interest; but when practical questions
of this nature come up, there seems to be inatten-
tion. I do not mean to cast censure on this body
more than any other body similarly situated.
The honorable Senator from Michigan has said
that the great moral problem of the age is to de
termine how we shall do justice to the original
inhabitants of this continent—how we shall act
wisely and properly towards them, and yet do
justice to the progress of civilization. Sir, our
treaty-malting with the Indians, in connection
with the expansion of our population, presents
a problem which, if possible, rises even above
that stated by the Senator from Michigan, and I
would call it a greater problem. It is not how
we shall conduct our relations with the Indian
tribes on principles of justice, and wisdom, and
philanthropy; but the groat problem connected
with this subject is, how we shall maintain our
own system—our own institutions.
But, sir, I rose to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to some of the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Finance. Here is one:
For adjusting difficulties and preventing outbreaks among
the Indiana in the Territory of Oregon, $10,000.
This is a very moderate appropriation, to which
I take 110 exception. The next is:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and sub-
sistence ot' Indiana in Oicgon Territory to the reset vauons
therein, aiding them in piocilring their own subsistence,
purchase of provisions, and presents, compensation ot" la-
borers and other employes, $50,000.
Here we are not exactly initiating this policy,
but substantially it is so. Further:
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indian tribes
in Oregon Territory, or so much thereof as may bo neces-
sary for expenditure during the year ending 30th June,
1857, $204,000.
Again, going over to the neighboring Territory
of Washington, I find these appropriations pro-
posed:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Waslnnglon Territory, $40,000,
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indian tribes
in Washington Territory, $150,000.
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indian tribes
in Washington Territory, or so much thereof as may lie
necessary for expenditure during the year ending 30th June,
1857, $79,000.
For detraying the expenses of tiie removal and subsist-
ence of Indians of Washington Territory to the reserva-
tions therein, aiding them in procuring their own subsist-
ence, purchase of provisions and presents, and compensa-
tion of laborers and necessary employes, $60,000.
These appropriations are not sanctioned or
required by any law. They are extraordinary
appropriations, recommended by the Committee
on Finance. They amount to very nearly
$700,000 for these two Territories—Washington
and Oregon. It is not stated that they are for
military operations. I presume the expenses of
those portions of the Army proposed to be em-
ployed there, are provided for in the general
Army appropriation bill. I hope the Senator
from Virginia will state how that is. Here is a
proposition to appropriate $700,000 in a single
year for the Indian service in those two Territo-
ries, and that amount does not include the sala-
ries of the Governors, superintendents, and In-
dian agents, or the payment of Indian annuities.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky sup-
posed that a great portion of the evils under
which we labor, resulted from the conduct of our
Indian agents and superintendents in making
treaties unauthorized by the Executive, and pre-
senting them to the Senate. If he had also al-
luded to the influences brought to bear in Wash-
ington city on the heads of Departments and the
President in this matter, he might have traced
the evil to a truer or, at least, more extensive
source. We are not, however, to trace this evil
to the Executive Department yielding to these
representations as the fountain; we ought to look
to ourselves; we must consider how far we have
been implicated by our omission to devote the.
proper attention and interest to these questions.
This is one source of the evil. For years and
years past, the same indifference to all these
questions has been manifested in the Senate' that
we see now; I say nothing of the House of Rep-
resentatives. They excite only a transient at-
tention. Those who interpose on such subjects
are by many, perhaps for want of due consider-
ation and inquiry, regarded as interrupting the
rapid progress of the business of the Senate
when measures of this description have passed
the ordeal of the Committee on Finance.
Gentlemen, without intending it, have thrown
out suggestions, intimating that the Committee
on Indian Affairs ought to have provided some
remedy for these abuses, this extravagant, this
wasteful expenditure. The honorable Senator
from Arkansas has shown that the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the Senate, as far as they con-
sidered it proper and expedient, have interposed
their influence and their voices, and have suc-
ceeded in checking to some extent the unneces-
sary treaty making which is always manifested
on our frontier when a tract of virgin country
with a prolific soil is found to remain in posses-
sion of the Indians. When that is the case, an
attempt is made at once to get hold of it. We
are told that it is due to the progress of civiliza-
tion that we should have the land. The honor-
able Senator from Michigan touched upon one
of the sources of the evil, the idea which has of
late prevailed to a greater extent than it did be-
fore. [ mean the idea of the futility of preventing
the expansion of our population into the Indian
country although it was not required by the set-
tlement of the population in the States and Ter-
ritories already organized. It is that principle
of expansion which has opeiatcd on Congyess
and the country to some extent so as to make it
the great business of Congress and of our Gov-
ernment to extend the area of freedom and civil-
ization and of settlement by the white popula-
tion of our vast and uncultivated soil in the
interior, and not only that, but to extend into
the territories of our neighbors. This has been
produced by the passion of expansion that haa
been encouraged within the last six or eight
years to a greater extent than it ever was be-
fore. The idea seems to have been enter-
tained that this Government can expand to any
extent, and still be powerful and energetic in
protecting all the inhabitants of the country,
red and white, maintaining peace and securing
the orderly execution of the law everywhere.
Since the settlement of our Territories on the
Pacific, notions have prevailed here, and pre-
vailed with the popular leaders throughout the
country generally, which I regard as having led
to a great deal of the difficulty on this subject.
This Government has been. demonstrated by
experience to be powerless, imbecile in main-
taining order, regularity, and peace between set-
tlers there and the Indiany. It is hardly seven
years since the settlement of the Territories of
Washington and Oregon commcnced, and yet
we now have applications for this enormous sum
to maintain the peace there with a few handsful
or remnants of Indian tribes, which were sup-
posed, when we organized those Territories, to
be far from mischievous or hostile, but peace-
able, orderly Indians, who had been kept in
subordination by the few presents given,them by
the English company of traders in that country
at their few posts. Territorial governments have
been established in Oregon and Washington but
a few years, and yet we have now before us an
application for an appropriation of $700,000 for
restoring and maintaining peace between the
Indians and the settlers in that country.
With regard to California, the honorable Sen-
ator from that State tells us of the hopeful pros-
pect of settling the Indians on the reservations
there, and keeping the tribes quiet, which it is
the duty of the Government to do. Is it not
known that this Government has never dared to
exercise its power in California iii the disposition
and allotment of its own rich mineral lands? I
do not mean to indicate or to throw out the idea
that that ought to be done. Possibly the best
policy in relation to that subject is that recently
pursued by the Government on another delicate
point. No statesman, perhaps, who has any
knowledge of that country, the temper and dis-
