490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
position of settlers there, the laborers and opera-
tors in the mines, when they could array so many
facts as to the operations of their industry for the
last few years, perhaps sustaining our credit, and
helping us on in that rapid progress which is so
often said to be unequal in the world, would in-
terfere by taxation. I do not mean to throw out
the suggestion that it would be policy to do so,
but who would attempt it? It is beyond the
power and resources of this Government to cross
the will of the people of California arbitrarily,
against their wish and disposition.
So in the feeble Territory of Oregon, where it
is said there is a population of forty thousand
inhabitants, tliough I do not think there is so
many—a population induced to go there by the
liberal, protecting hand extended to them,for the
very purpose of getting a population to settle in
Oregon that would be sufficient to defend them-
selves against the remnantof Indian tribes in that
neighborhood. This Government granted to each
settlor there, within a certain period, six hundred
and forty acres of land, for the purpose of ena-
bling them, by their own courage, by their own
arms, to deter the Indians from making any mis-
chievous or hostile incursions. Every thing seems,
however, to have operated adversely. A train
of hostilities succeeded soon after the population
began to pour in there, until now we have before
us a proposition to expend $700,000, in a single
year, for the Indian service of the two Territories
of Oregon and Washington.
This is but the head of a column of expendi-
tures which is advancing 011 us for the defense, of
those Territories. 1 do not wish to exaggerate
or malce any statement heie for which I am not
ready to vouch, and therefore I do not state it
as a positive fact; but I have understood from
some gentlemen who seemed to have a far better
knowledge of the subject than I have, that at
least f7,000,000 are claimed for military services
by the population of that country as having been
expended in their expeditions against the Indian
tribes, i have heard another gentleman say that
$10,000,000 would not defray all the expenses 1
that would l)<> demanded. 1 would like to kmnv j
from the Committee on Kin,nice, who, I suppose,
by the usa<;e of this body, have cast upon them
tile peculiar guardianship of the interests of the
public Treaaui}* connected with all these appro-
firiadons, whether they know or have heard of a
arge amount of expenditure not included 111 the
appropriation they propose to make. Is this the
extent of it ? Has the chairman of the Finance
committee any information to show the probable
amount of expenditure that will be churned for
the defense of Oregon and Washington Territo-
ries?
Mr. HUNTER. Does tile Senator desiie me
to answer now, or shall 1 wait until he coil-
eludes^ Tie has asked various questions.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The honorable Sen-
ator can answer now, if he chooses.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an appropriation
here for all the deficiencies of which the Depart-
ment is aware. The amount is about two hun-
dred and seventy-nine thousand dollars. I allude
to the amendments—one for the deficiency in
Oregon, and one m Washington. They cover
all that the Department is aware of. It is prob-
able that claims of a larger amount will come in;
but whether the Department will recognize them
as just or not cannot now be foretold.
BELL, of Tennessee. 1 did not desire the
honorable Senator to state what would be allowed ;
or not; but is there not a tail to this appropri- j
ationr j
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid there will be; but j
we cannot tell. Wc do not know; we have only j
heard rumors, as the Senator has. !
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I have heard the j
amount of $7,000,000 estimated as the amount j
of claims that will be presented to Congress, or i
perhaps to rhe Executive Departments first. !
Mr. WELLER. 1 understand that the Gov-1
ernor of the Territory of Oregon has estimated |
the claims at a little over two millions—I am j
speaking of the war debt, and £750,000,1 under- j
stand, is the estimate of the Governor of "Wash-1
ington Territory. That would moke, as I said i
before, nearly three millions of dollars as the ex-
pense of those two Territories in the Indian wars
of the last year-
Mr. BELL, of Tennesson I prosume that is
$3,000,000 in addition to the §700,000 proposed
to be appropriated this year. Is it not time that
we should nave some authentic information on
which we can act in making these large appro-
priations?
Mr. WELLER. We shall have the informa-
tion when it comes before us.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But there are
$700,000 asked for by the amendments reported
by the Senator from Virginia. When Washing-
ton Territory was laid off it contained only about
three hundred white inhabitants. I then called
on the Senator from Virginia, or whoever advo-
cated that bill on this floor,to tell me the ground
on which it was proposed to organize that Ter-
ritory and involve the vast expenditures which
follow such organizations, in the way of court-
houses, libraries, jails, &c.
Mr. HUNTER! The proposition did not come
from me.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But still the hon-
orable Senator yielded to it.
Mr. HUNTER. It came from the Committee
on Territories, of which the Senator from Ten-
nessee is a member.
Mr. BELL, ofTennessee. I protested against
it as an oiganization of a new official corps wholly
unnecessary. I thought, too, that the Governor
of Oregon Territory and the Indian superintend-
ents and agents already appointed there, would
be more apt to keep the peace, than new officers
whose policy would be—I do not wish to speak
in personal disparagement—likely to be as seems
to have been that of most of our Governors of
new Territories. As soon as they arc inaugurated,
and their territorial governments arc organized,
nearly the whole solicitude which they manifest
in conducting their intercourse with this Govern-
ment, is to get new inducements by large appro-
priations to invite rapid emigration to the Terri-
tory, that it may be made a State as soon as pos-
sible, and that they may become Senators or
members of the [louse of Representatives.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator allow me
to correct a statement which I just now made?
The estimate made by Governor Stevens for the
expenses of the Indian war in Washington Ter-
ritory is $900,000; from which is to be deducted
$150,000, the proceeds of the quartermaster's sale
at the termination of hostilities
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The result is about
the same. 1 estimate these claims at at least three
millions of dollars; and one gentleman told me
that we should never get clear of them until we
expend ten millions of dollars; hut I will assume
three millions as the amount for which we are
most likely to be called upon, particularly if my
honorable friend from Virginia shall continue to
preside with so much determination and vigilance
over the gates of the Treasury as he has mani-
fested on several occasions. I am not certain
that his course in recommending these extraordi-
nary appropiiations is characteristic of him.
But, sir, I was pointing out the true source of
the evil under which we now labor. I do not
know that a single Senator on this floor except
myself raised his voice m opposition to the crea-
tion of the Territory of Washington, when there
was only a white population of three hundred
there. I objected afterwards to the multiplica-
tion of Indian agents in that region,as better cal-
culated, under the auspices and temper that gen-
erally prevailed in our Governors of Territories,
to produce war with the Indians than to maintain
peace. I have protested againstthis system; and
I repeat again, the great problem is, how shall
we maintain and exercise a salutary corrective
over these distant Territories on our western
coast, with the principles and doctrines and aspi-
rations which prevail with our official corps on
this subject. Now and then we may find a Terri-
torial (Governor, or an Indian superintendent or
agent, who is actuated by higher and nobler mo-
tives than that of clearing out the Indians from
the whole borders of his Territory. We know
that this is but too often the policy to drive the
Indians out, so as to make the Territory a State,
no matter what becomes of them, no matter what
the expense to the Government, no matter how
many Indian wars may be created and multiplied,
from time to time, among them. I will say to
my honorable friend from Virginia that I have
seldom seen much more than a quorum of the
Senate present when we have come to the ques-
tion of the ratification of some of those treaties
which I contend were wholly unnecessary and
uncalled for.
I would allude to another circumstance con-
nected with this subject, with the direct source
of th&se evils as I conceive—the large expend-
iture of money given to the Indians. The hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky has made a proper
suggestion. The question is not so much,
whether the Indians are entitled to it for their
lands—the question is not whether the Indiana
get it, fo- I think it is pretty well established
that they never do get it substantially, or only a
few of them. It goes into the hands of those
who have influence—the traders around them
and among them. I will not undertake to dis-
parage all of them, or make charges against them
as a class; but few of them have any great inter-
est for the welfare of the Indian. Sometimes
this may be connived at by the Indian agent,
even perhaps by the superintendent whom we
send among them, with no interest but to increase
the annuities paid in those Territories.
I saw a beautiful volume—I mean beautiful in
respect to its typography, and the flowing lan-
guage in which it was composed and published
to the world—shortly after the great Sioux treaty
was ratified by the Senate for the removal of the
Indians in effect. I knew at the time, that putting
them some one hundred or two hundred milea
back into the interior was only a temporary ex-
pedient, because it was not thought prudent to
ask at once for their removal s.till further. I saw
in that beautiful volume what you will hear from
every gentleman who takes a piide in the rapid
growth of the Territories of Washington and
Oregon, as well as of Minnesota; how it may be
in other Territories I do not know. The vast
amount of Indian annuities in solid hard money
that the Government expends among the Indians,
is considered a great object in a Territory. Oregon
and Washington, with the disadvantages under
which they labor, must fill up very rapidly at
this rate of appropriation. The disbursement
of three millions for military services among the
comparatively few inhabitants of Washington
and Oregon, and an appropriation of §700,000
this year for the ordinary Indian service is very
tempting for settlers. The Indians get little or
none of this money, but it is diffused among the
inhabitants of the Territory. This invites immi-
gration for the purpose of enjoying this golden
flood that is poured out from the Treasury, inde-
pendent of the gold to be found in their mount-
ains. That is another great and powerful interest.
I think we ought to have some specific informa-
tion as to the necessity of these large appropri-
ations. We ought to know how many Indians
are now on the reservations in Oregon when this
policy was inaugurated with reference to them,
and when they were placed on the reservations.
What security have we that they will not be dis-
turbed? What security have we in the power
of this Government, or the faith of this Gov-
ernment— I would rather say its power? for I
would not impute bad faith. With the senti-
ments which prevail in these Territories in rela-
tion to the necessary absorption of all the lands
that can be cultivated by the white man in these
Territories which are to'expand under the will
and policy, energetic and persevering policy, of
the officers that we generally send there, it is idle
and vain to cxpect that the rights of the Indians
will be regarded.
Now, sir, after having said all this, I do not
mean to say that it is proper to cut off all these
appropriations, but, in view of the futility of the
idea that they will repress this feeling, this pas-
sion, this restlessness for Indian land, is it
proper to continue them to so large an extent?
I do not impute this feeling to the whole popu-
lation, but to just enough of them to bring on
Indian wars by operating on the passions of those
who covet any good land not occupied by them-
selves. Is there any sufficient reason why you
should make these large appropriations to these
objects when we have so little hope for their
beneficial consequences, either to the Indians or
to the whites, in preserving peace? I say that
either this Go vernmentis powerless in that region,
ox the executive administration of the Govern-
ment has proved negligent in the exercise of
power there. There is more reason for retracing
. our steps, if possible, in tracing up these streams
