496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
 1 by your Committee on Accounts, it is
conclusive evidence that the committee have
faithfully discharged their duties even to the sat-
isfaction of the Comptroller. And under these
circumstances I could not cast any imputation on
the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. This bill has
been before the House for many weeks, and if
there is no member who desires to be heard in
opposition, I will call for the previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. I should like to be heard on
it for about ten minutes ill reply to the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion to recommit, and I yield the floor to the
gentleman from Virginia for ten minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether he did not give me to understand
this morning, that after the speech of the gentle-
man from Georgia he would let this subject go
over until to-morrow morning?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
informed me that he was making inquiries of the
Department for information, and that he was
waiting for answers to them. The Committee of
Ways and Means have made inquiries in relation
to this subject many days ago, and we are wait-
ing for a reply. If the gentleman cannot make
his speech until he has answers to his inquiries,
we cannot'tell when we shall be able to dispose
of this subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did not the gentleman say
to me, that after the speech of the gentleman from
Ge% ia he would let this bill go over till to-mor-
row, and then move to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, in order to
take up the tariff?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think I did say
so.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
he renew his motion to recommit,and let the bill
go over until to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the call
for the previous question will be adhered to. Let
the question bo taken now.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As it seems I
gave the gentleman from Alabama to understand
that I would let the discussion go over until
to-morrow, I therefore withdraw the call for the
previous question, renew the motion to recom-
mit, and move that the House proceed to the
consideration of the business oil the Speaker's
table, with a view of taking up and referring cer-
tain bills. It is understood, however, that the
final vote is to be taken on this question to-mor-
row.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. How many
motions is it competent for the gentleman to
make ?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman to make the motions he has made.
Mr. WALBR1DGE demanded tellers on Mr.
Campbell's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eustis and
Walbricge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—-ayes 89, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS, ETC.
The following bills and resolutions were tha%
taken from the Speaker's table, and disposed of
as indicated below:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 4) for supplying
a number of members of the Senate and House
of Representatives with such books of a public
character as have heretofore been supplied, re-
turned from the Senate with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. LETCHER, the resolution
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
All act (If. It. No. 444) for the relief of the
sureties of Daniel Winslow, returned from the
Senate with an amendment.
Mr. BHN.SO.N. Tie: Senate have made two
amendments to that bill.buth of which are merely
verbal m their character. One changes the word
" Daniel'' to David,'' and the other inserts after
the word " judgment," the words " and all levies
made by virtue thereof." I ask that the amend-
ments be agreed to.
The amendments were concurred in.
An act (S. No. 493) to expedite telegraphic
communication for the uses of the Government
in its foreign intercourse.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
"hill }^p rpjpptpfl
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Have I not the
right to make that motion?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order after the
second reading of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road's. I think it is peculiarly proper for that
committee.
The question was put upon Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
An act (S. No. 93) to increase the salaries of
the judges of the circuit and criminal courts of
the District of Columbia, and for other purposes;
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act (S. No. 251) to authorize the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings to remove obstruc-
tions from certain streets and avenues in the city
of Washington, and to prevent trespasses on the
same; read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act (S. No. 406) to revive and extend the
provisions of an act entitled " An act to revive
and extend the provisions of an act passed on the
24th of May, 1824, entitled ' An act for the relief
of the representatives of John Donelson, Stephen
Herd, and others,' " approved June 23, 1836;
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 497) supplementary to " An act
to organize an institution for the insane of the
Army and Navy and of the District of Columbia,
in said District," approved March 3, 1855; read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
An act. (S, No. 498) incorporating the Metro-
politan Mechanics' Institute for the promotion of
manufactures, commerce, and the mechanic arts;
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act (S. No. 514) for the relief of John H.
Wheeler; read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (S. No. 515) incorporating the Granite
Manufacturing Company of Washington city;
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act (S. No. 516) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Paper-Mill Company; read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
PAPERS REFERRED.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask to have
printed and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means a communication which I hold in nay
hand from the War Department, recommending
certain appropriations.
It was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 301) authorizing the estab-
lishing of a navy depot on Blytlie Island, at
Brunswick, on the coast of Georgia, and for other
purposes;
An act (S. No. 131) authorizing the Secretary
of the interior to approve the account of the
marshal for the district of Missouri, for furniture
provided for the use of the circuit court of the
United States for said district, at the April term
of said court, held at St. Louis in the year 1834;
and for the allowance and payment to the mar-
shal of the district of Indiana of the accounts for
furniture for the office of the clerk of the district
court of the district of Indiana;
A resolution (S. No. 46) for the appointment
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; and
A resolution (S. No. 38) respecting the distri-
bution of certain documents.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
THE TARIFF.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. H.
Marshall in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill (H.
R. No. 566) reducing the duty on imports, and
for other purposes; on which the gentleman from
Florida [Mr. Maxwell] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL commenced his remarks by
intimating that he did not intend to address him-
self to the question directly before the commi-
ttee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Florida indicates his purpose to discuss a
subject foreign to that embraced in the bill which
is the special forder. I, in all kindness, at the
outset, feel it to be my duty to make a point of
order upon him. I wish to ascertain whether
this general debate is to' go on pending so im-
portant a question as that of reducing the reve-
nue of the country. I make, therefore, the point
of order now, in order that the question may-be
disposed of, and that I may be relieved from any
responsibility which I might incur by seeming to
consent to this general debate.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. That point of order
was made the other day; and it was decided that
general debate was in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is not
debatable.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I desire to know
of the Chair whether the decisions of this com-
mittee are not to be considered as controlling the
decisions of the Chair ? The Chair decided the
other day that general debate was not in order.
An appeal was taken from that decision, and the
committee reversed the decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is guided by
the determination of the committee itself. As-
suming that the point made by the gentleman
from Ohio is properly taken, (although the Chair
would be compelled under the circumstances to
decide thatit was prematurely taken, inasmuch as
the gentleman from Florida has said nothing,) the
Chair, guided by the directions of the committee
the other day, will decide that the gentleman from
Florida has a right to proceed generally.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then, Mr. Chair-
man, I beg to appeal from that decision.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would like to state to the
House that the uniform practice, from the begin-
ning of the Government down, has been to dis-
cuss the Union generally, when in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Not when the
House is in committee on a special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, yes; all the appropri-
ation bills before the House last session were
special orders, and yet we discussed them gen-
erally.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbott
and Puryear were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 28.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I wish to announce
that I will make the point of order on the next
gentleman, be he who he may; and I will see
whether we cannot reverse this decision.
Mr. MAXWELL addressed the committee tft
length on the subject of the President's message.
That the President correctly set forth the mean-
ing of the late election, Mr. M. held to be evident,
believing it to be unquestionably true that the
people had condemned the geographical or sec-
tional party of the country. He contended that
it was also true that the party which had been
upheld in the possession of the Government, and
authorized to continue its control, was the one
which most truly recognized the equality of the
States and the equal rights of their respective
citizens—a policy which could suit every portion
of the Union, and was opposed to that which
