498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the TJnion had, according to order, had the U mon
generally under consideration, and particularly
the tariff bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at twenty minutes past seven o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE. ^
"Wednesday, January 28, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUIS'ECATror'IS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,accom-
panied by seventy-five copies of the Official Army
Register for 1857; which was read, and ordoied to
lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, informing the Senate that room
No. 11, in the basement story of the north wing
of the Capitol extension, is finished and ready
for occupation; which was read, and ordered to
he on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa in favor of the exten-
sion of the western boundary of that State, so as
to embrace that portion of land lying west of the
Big Sioux river; which was referred to the Com-
imuee on Territories.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, opposed to the extension of slavery
into the Territories of the United States, and in
favor of the admission of Kansas into the Union
as a free State; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and lie printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legida-
ture of Iowa in favor of the establishment <>f in-
creased mail facilities on (he mute from Leon, in
that Slfite, to Nebraska City, in Nebraska Ten i-
tory; which was leferred to the Committee on
Alio Post Oilice and Tost Roads.
lie also presented a icsolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Oslmlooso. to Wmterset., and
from Newton to Chariton, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Olnce
and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in favor of the establishment of a
custom-house and marine hospital at the city of
Keokuk, inthatytate; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor ot"increased mail facilities
in the counties of Iowa, Tama, Marshall, end
Hardin, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Cilice and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented papers relating to
the claim of Elbridge Lawton, an assistant engi-
neer in the Navy, to extra compensation for ser-
vices as chief engineer on board the United States
steamer John Ilancock, in the kite surveying
expedition to Bchring's Straits and the Chinu|L
seas; which were referred to the Committee out
Naval Allah's.
MESSAGE I"ROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
llouse concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 440) for the relief of
the sureties of Daniel Winslow.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Charles Steams have leave to withdraw
Ins petition and papers, for the purpose of having them re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs in the ilouse
of Representatives.
Mr. FISH. I ask leave of the Senate to sub-
mit a proposition to withdraw from the files the
papers connected .with the petition of Cornelius 1
Oakley for some revolutionary services. In this
case there has been an adverse report. I have
received a ietter from one of his grandchildren
stating that they desire the papers, inasmuch as
they contain documents of importance and of
interest — among them some original letters of
CommodoreRochambeau and other historicchar-
acters, which they desire to preserve on that
account. I submit a motion to withdraw the
papers.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM A. SPENCER. -
Mr. JONES, of Iowfa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered byunanimous
consent, and agreed to:
| Resolved, That the Committeeon Pension* be instructed
' to inquire into the expediency of placing the name of Wit-
ham A. Speneei oa the invalid pension roll.
EAST INDIAN ARCHIPELAGO.
Mr. WILSON. I submit to the Senate the
following resolution:
I.'eso/wcf, That Hie Committee on Foreign Relations bo
insti ucted to inquire into the expediency ot sending a com-
missioner t<  theislandsofthe Kast Indian Archipelago, with
power to investigate the claim-; to somoigaty winch the
Cov eminent of the Netherlands asserts to posses over the
most of these islands, and to foirn neaties with such inde-
pendent States, and tnbrs as may he iound there of suffi-
cient power and importance to render such treaties ncccs-
feaiy.
It will be recollected, Mr. President,that Cap-
tain Waiter M. Gibson was arrested and im-
prisoned on a charge of treason by the Dutch
authorities for attempting to wend a message to
the, Sultan of Jambi, j\u independent Prince,
owing no allegiance to the Government of Hol-
land. Recently Captain Gibson visited the city
of Boston, an^ laid his case, before the merchants
of that city, many of whom are largely interested
in the India trade. The* Board of Trade of the
city of Boston, m their annual report just pub-
lished, have called attention to the case of Cap-
tain Gibson,and also to our interests in the East
Indian Archipelago. This very able report sets
forth the extent, "fertility, and beauty of the ter-
ritory embraced in the numerous islands that gem
the East Indian seas. The report says:
"•The Mast Indian \>"ohippJa<;o is composed of a gionp
of islands find uiteimediate seas, stietelnng hum Aehin's
Head, the evtienn! noituwec-tcm point ot Sumati i, to the
southeastern <>\treunty oi iVew <*uinea, a di-ianee of ahout
three thousind live hundred mile \ and ia hieadth about
one thousand rluee bundled miles. Amiouj: the most lm-
[>ou,Hit islands .lie Uoinine liu i b<;d miles long and
cH'ht handled lnoad; t'apu.i, ot New («mnca, one thousand
two hundred miles long, and at the widest point five hun-
dred hioad; ^uimtia", one thousand one hundred and
twenty mile? long, with an avciagc of on° hundred and
Twenty miles hi luondtli; Java, si.\ hunched miles, long ami
ninety-five Inond. There are many Hands, Fitch as Timor,
Gilolo. Oram, find Sutubaeoa, which would make States
ol the tiist clasjN as to lerntona! dimen- ions. Tli'.re aic not
less than one hundred l-lands that "would average an equal
area with the State of Delaware. Theic aie moie than
one thousand of the dimensions of a latge plantation domain,
houi live hnndted to ten thousand ncies. There are al-o
M'wtal thousand unappropt iated i-lets, horn one to many
acres in extent, coveied Willi the most valuable productions
of the tropical toresfs. Hoineo would make four ri uteri as
large as Pennsylvania; NewCiunea as many more; and
Sumatra about thiee of that size. The whole area of the
island* and inland seas is equal m extent to the surface of
the United States and Terntoues, and contains a popula-
tion of ahout twenty-seven millions ot souls.
%i The sod is geneially e.Uiemely-femlc. and the vegeta-
tion luxnuant. The fiequent equatoual showers preserve
a peipetual verdure. Rice and Indian corn are grown in
gieat abundance, and esculent roots of all kinds are pro-
duced. The Gotl'e.; plant flounshes here better than m its
native soil. (Jotton of a tine, long staple, is giown with
puecess m Sumatia. The general productions of these
islands are apices, drugs, gums, fancy and dvewoods, gold,
silvei, tm, iron, antimony, and diamond?. Coal of an ex-
cellent quality exists m Sumatra, and at otbei points in the
archipelago, in great quantities, and accessible for mm.ng
and removal. The foi est* of Simian a are hugely composed
of tlie gutta pereha, and it is evident that, with an unie-
isti allied conmieiee, this valuable gum might be obtained at
a cost of one eighth of its present value m Amei ican mar-
kets. Gold has been found in huge Hakes or sheets in the
Island ot Celebes and the neighboring islands; and there
me evidences that the yield ot that precious metal m Cele-
bes might equal, if not surpass, the production of the neigh-
boring territory of Australia Tin has been found on m.iny
small islands in the neighborhood of Banea: atid there is
no doubt but that the weld of this useful and profitable
metal m several of these islands might exceed those of me
Banea mines, whenever public enterprise shall be dneeted
m that quarter.
" The great unexplored Island of New Guinea has af-
forded glimpses of p0s£ecsing gieat mmeial and fore-t
wealth, and at present sustains a luciative native com-
merce to the amount of several millions of rupees, in biids
ot paradise, feathers, tripany, and massoy.
"The immense wealth of the archipelago lias been
hoarded forages; its mild climate and productive soil have
absolved the native population from the necessity of sys-
tematic labor. European and American enterprise is re-
quired to put in active exercise its productive faculties.
The archipelago contains laborers sufficient, if their labor
is intelligently directed, to put in motion the machinery of
a vast commerce. Its political and social organization 13
such, that it may become, under proper control, an import-
ant instrument m opening their ample resources."
The Board of Trade of the city of Boston num-
bers nearly nine hundred members. In that large
list of intelligent gentlemen may be found the
names of many merchants deeply engaged in
commercial operations in China, India, and the
islands of the Indian seas. These merchants are
anxious that an envoy or a commissioner should
be sent to these Islands of the East Indian Arch-
ipelago to negotiate commercial treaties with the
independent governments into which the people
are divided. No one can be insensible to the '
importance of securing to American merchants
the rich fruits of a peaceful commerce with a peo-
ple so numerous, and a portion of the globe so
fruitful. I trust the Committee on Foreijm Rela-
tions will give to the subject that attenticm which
its importance demands.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON PENSIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Foster aifd Green additional members
of the Committee on Pensions, whose appoint-
ment was authorized by an order made on the
IGth of January.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
John Ryley, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 530) for the relief of John Ryley,
an Indian of the State of Michigan. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Ohio, in
behalf of Jonathan Painter, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 531) for the relief
of Jonathan Painter, a black man, who acted aa
a spy in the war of 1812. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report Was
ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Catharine Jacobs,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 539) for the relief of Catharine Jacobs, of the
State of New York.*
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Air. BELL, of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Jedediah H. Lathrop, submitted a report,,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 533) for the relief
of Jedediah II. Lathrop, late navy agent at Wash-
ington, and his suxeties.
The bill was read, and passed toasccond read-
ing; and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolution, reported them without
amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 463),for the relief of Jesse
Morrison, of Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of C. B.
R. Kennedy;
An act (li. R. No. 2) making appropriations
for the completion of military roads in Oregon
Territory;
An act (IT. R. No. 767) for the relief of An-
thony Dcvitt, late a sergeant in the third artillery
of the United States Army;
An act (H. R. No. 422) providing for the con-
struction of a military road between Fort Steila-
ooom and Belhngham Bay, in the Territory of
Washington;
Joint lesolution (H. R. No. 29) for the relief of
i Israel B. Bigelow.
Mr. WELLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back the me-
morial of Hezekiah Miller, praying for arrears of
pay due him as a clerk of the War Department,
and ask to be discharged from its consideration.
The memorial was originally referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, who made an adverse report.
During the last year it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, They were discharged
from its consideration, and it was rcfeired to the
Committee on Military Affairs. It really belongs?
to the Committee on Claims, because it is a claim
