500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 29,
pakf by my worthy colleague, who could do it
so much better than I can hope to do. But his
grief for the loss of a dear friend and relative is
too ovciwhelming to allow him to give utterance
* to bis feelings on this sad event.
When those who have lived out their time are
gathered to their fathers, it is an event in the his-
tory of man which makes but little impression;
but when a man, in the prime of life, in the midst
of his hopes, is suddenly cut down, surrounded
by all the endearments of domestic life, with the
prospect of great public utility before him, it is
an event which strikes deep into the human heart.
It teaches us painfully the uncertainty of human
life, which has been aptly compared to the grass
of the field, which shoots forth and flourishes to-
day, but to-morrow is cut down, and withers in
the evening sun.
Sir, my sympathy is painfully excited. My
heart bleeds when I think of the maddening grief,
the desolation of all the cherished hopes of the
future, which the news of his death will carry
to his widow mother, his devoted wife, and his
little children.- All that we can do is to mingle
our grief with theirs, and testify our respect for
the many noble qualities of the deceased son,
husband and father, and patriot. Time, it lias
been said, will wear out the traces of the deepest
sorrow. God grant it may be so with them.
Preston S. linooKs was descended from a
stock which did good service in the trying times
of the revolutionary war. llis father, Whitfield
Brooks, was a man of science, of liberal educa-
tion, and polished manners. ICis mother, who
is still ahve, is one of the most estimable ladies
within the circle of my acquaintance.
Their son, Preston S. Brooks, was born in
38U), and was a little over thirty-seven at the
time of his death. He received a liberal educa-
tion at the South Carolina College, and was ad-
mitted to the practice of law in IBM. In IH4G a
call was made for volunteers for the Mexican war.
in his native district of Rdgeliold he raised a
company of one bundled men, of which hi; was
unanimously (lected captain. lie wax mustered
into the service of the United States and marched
to Mexico, where the PalmetLo regiment, of which
jus company was a pint, was distinguished
throughout the war for Us bravery and for all
those qualities which ennoble and dignify the
soldier's life. When the war was ended he re-
turned to his native district and devoted himself
to the planting interest. By the introduction of
that order and system which is best learned in
the discipline of the camp he became a successful
planter.
Colonel Brooks was elected in 1853 — on Mr.
Burl's declining a reelection — to the Mouse of
Representatives for the Thirty-Third Congress,
by a constituency who had never been otherwise
represented than by a man of note among his
fellows. Among these may be named It. Goodloe
Harper, John C, Calhoun, and George McDuific;
I select these as most distinguished, without men-
tion of others who in their day bore a high rep-
utation for usefulness and statesmanship.
The man who succeeded such men had an ar-
duous duty to perform to fulfill the expectations
of those who sent him. In the discharge of the
duties of his station he was modest and unobtru-
sive; yet, when the occasion required, he spoke
his sentiments with eloquence, openness, candorJn?
and Mucerity, winch won him the respect of all-^
even of those who were not convinced by Ins
argument. The manliness of his character, the
urbanity of his manners, that true politeness
which is tin; offspring of benevolence, had made
him a gcneraWavorite, and many warm personal
friends even among his political opponents at a
time of unusual party bitterness.
But I will say no more. Other Senators, I
presume, design to pay their tribute of respect
to the memory of the deceased. Nothing which
we can do can restore him to his family, his
friends, and his country. We must bow in sub-
mission to the will of our Almighty Father, who
we are taught to believe does not afflict His chil-
dren in vain.
I beg leave, in conclusion, to offer the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep sensi-
bilitj the message iiom the House of Representatives an-
*  >uactng tU« death of the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, a
Representative t'roni the State of South Carolina.
HaThai, m token of ret>pucl ior the memory of the
deceased! the Senate will attend his funeral at the hour
appointed by the House of Representatives, and will woar
the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to second, with all my
heart, the resolutions which the Senator from
South Carolina has offered as a token of respect
to his deceased colleague, whose character and
high qualities he has portrayed with so much of
truth and feeling. As we gather around the grave
of a departed brother, not only is friendship eager
to present the tribute of its affection, but even
enmity, if it be the enmity of a generous mind,
is ready to bury with him its bitter recollections
and animosities, as an offering to the common
brotherhood of humanity. Who of us does not
feel that when one has paid the last debt of nature,
he has settled his accounts with man ? Who, too,
could stand by the last resting-place of a fellow
being, and deepen its gloom by casting upon it
the darker shadows of his mortal hate?
Here, sir, at the threshold, as it were, of these
portals through which the spirit of a brother has
just passed from time to eternity, we bury the
recollections of the past in our contemplations of
the future, whose dark curtain hides from our
eager scrutiny the path which we ourselves so
soon must tread. It is upon such an occasion as
this, and in contemplation of such a journey,
that we would divest ourselves of all those feel-
ings which might prove evil companions by the
way. Mr. President, Preston- S. Hiiooks has
gone to his long home, where no human voice
can reach him more. Detraction has no shaft
that can touch'him now; nor can-even flattery's
voice " soothe the dull cold car of death." Life's
fitful fever is o'er. Its passions lie hushed and,
still in slumbers long and deep — nor can the
storms of this world, or its cares, or its sorrows,
ever disturb him again. May a kindly spirit
watch over and preserve the quiet of his deep
repose; for his must have been a kindly spirit to
have drawn to him, as with links of steel, so lfl^e
a circle of affectionate friends.
The love of his dependents, the devotion of his
family, and the warm attachment of his friends,
are evidences of his high and generous qualities,
and of his genial and attractive nature. He has
served his country m war and peace, and in all
capacities he lias won and retained the confidence
of his constituents. But, Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to deal in the language of mere idle
eulogy. Every human life is a history. The
events of his have been told by another. Let
that history speak for itself. Still less do I mean
to intrude upon the sacred privacy of domestic
grief. Alas, sir, what consolation could any man
oiler to a bereaved mother, who survives to mourn
a much loved son, buried in an untimely grave?
or to the wife, upon whom the unexpected mes-
sage fell from the telegraphic wires as a thunder-
bolt from Heaven? or to those children, some of
whom may be old enough to understand and ap-
preeiate their loss? He alone who dealt the blow
can heal the wound.
Nor do I intend to pursue the dead with vain
regrets. It is true that death's blow is most
startling when it strikes down the young in the
flush and prime of manhood, and in mid career.
We feel as if the book of life had been closed
whilst half its tale was yet untold. The order
of nature appears to be reversed when those who,
in its usual course, ought to have led the way,
follow him to the tomb. It has been said that
in the-death of the young, life's year is robbed of
its spring. And yet, sir, had that year rolled on,
who can say how weary might have been its
summer, or how much sadder still its autumn and
its close? Who knows that such might not have
been the case in which
"The wiser mind
lYtourns less for what Time take* away
Than what it leaves behind?"
We may estimate, in part at least, what is lost
by the death of a friend; but none can tell what
is saved to himself, unless he can read the secrets
of hyman destiny, whose book is sealed and put
away from our view.
Hut, whilst I will not presume to question the
purposes of Providence, the heart may find relief
in performing the last ofKees of friendship; and
we may feel that to respect the dead is to honor
humanity itself. We, too, may gather from the
thrilling event which has occurred in our midst,
some lesson of useful instruction to ourselves
We maybe thus admonished of the slender thread
by which we hold to life—so slender that even the
winds of heaven may snap it should they visit it
too roughly. We may be more impressed, too,
with the nece^ity of turning to the best account
those golden opportunities-for usefulness which
are measured by the wasting sands of life—sands
which cannot be many, and may be very few ac-
cording to the will of Him whose purposes are
unknown to us. I commend, then, that custom
of the Senate, honored alike by time and expe-
rience, by which, upon such occasions as this,*it
suspends its usual business, to afford a season to
its members in which they may turn aside from
their daily pursuits, their worldly schemes and
machinations, to pause by the grave of a brother,
and take to heart the sad lesson of mortality which
his death may teach us. Happier it will ijfifor us
all should we return from such contcmpations
with a kindlier spirit to each other, and a deeper
sense of the duties which we owe to our race, and
to Him who rules the issues of our destiny.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, in this afflict-
ing dispensation of Divine Providence, we are
again reminded" what shadows w#are, and what
shadows we pursue." Death has come in our
midst and claimed a victim. The victim was not
selected from those who, after a long career of
usefulness and honor, after drinking life's cup to
the dregs, in the course of a kindly nature are
ripened for-thu grave: here death in the midst of
its griefs is not without its consolations. Nor was
he selected from those who have been warned by
disease, pain and long suffering, and shattered
constitutions, of the approach of the great enemy
of mankind: here, too, he is often disarmed, and
inflicts no pang upon the dying, except in the
tempered sorrows of surviving friends. Nor yet
from those who, having passed life's meridian
with firm and unfaltering step, and undiminished
faculties, are still treading the downward road to
the grave. But it has gathered manhood in its
early vigor, almost lingering in the lap of youth.
Here he is truly the king of terrors, strewing his
pathway with mournings which will not be com-
forted, with blasted hopes, with broken hearts.
It is not for me to enter the hallowed precincts
of domestic grief—not even at this moment de-
voted to the memory of the dead. It is not in the
endearing relations <$* domestic life, over which
our friend cast joy and gladness, I feel privileged
to enter. In him many of us have lost a friend,
the country a patriot statesman—a patriot having
high hereditary claims upon the gratitude of that
country doubly fortified by his own too brief yet
faithful services to her, both in her legislative halls
and on her battle-fields. It is as the true man,
the patriot statesman, that I would contemplate
him. As a man he possessed those high qualities
of head and heart which surely win and keep
confidence, esteem, and friendship. Truth, sin-
cerity, kindness, courage, and courtesy, were
stamped upon his moral nature. Though quick
to resent an insult, he was generous, kind, and
even gentle in his nature; and it gave him more
pleasure to repair a wrong done by himself, than
to right one inflicted on him by another. He was
distinguished by vigor and spnghtliness of intel-
lect, which was cultivated, strengthened, and
adorned by largo educational attainments. At an
early age he entered the legal profession, where
his promising success was soon interrupted by a
call from his country to the battle-fieldsofMexico.
A captain in the Palmetto regiment, it is sufficient
for his fame to say that he shared in the perils and
honors of that distinguished corps. Having re-
turned from Mexico he resumed the pursuits of
private life, but was soon called by the people of
the Ninety-Six district to represent them in the
Congress of the United States. It was the home
of himself and of his ancestors; and the fathers
of those who called him into their service had
served shoulder to shoulder with those ancestors
in our revolutionary struggle, and had given some
of them the same evidence of their confidence and
regard. To this district, with its many other
historic claims to distinction, besides the other
true patriots and statesmen whom it had given
to the public councils, both living and dead,
the country is indebted for those distinguished
statesmen and patriots, Harper, Calhoun, and
McDuffie, now no more, but who are already
