502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
The presence of death, always' painful, is
doubly appalling when it comes suddenly, and
falls on one in the vigor of manhood, with bright
prospects before him. No one among us, sir,
can look to the future with more confidence than
he might well have done. With his own imme-
diate constituents his popularity was unbounded.
He had, too, the confidence of his native State—
a State eminently distinguished for the generosity
with whi^h she appreciates merit in her sons.
He had already, likewise, acquired distinction
in the national councils. If to insure success in
statesmanship, it were indeed necessary, as some
have supposed, that one should be an adept in
, the arts of deception and hypocrisy, then only
would hfe have been unfitted for such a theater;
for he was preeminently frank, open, and manly.
Sooner than harbor a thought requiring conceal-
ment, he would hava thrown it away as some-
thing unworthy to be retained.
He usually followed his impulses, because he
never doubted their innocence and propriety.
While prompt to meet what he regarded as an
injury or as insult, ho was ever more prompt
to make amends for any unintentional wrong to
another. His generosity in this respect was
unsurpassed. He carried it sometimes to the
£ extent of jeoparding his own rights, rather than
fall short of all that was due to another. Pos-
sessed of the highest order of courage, he retained
with it all the kindness and amiability of child-
hood. So endowed,it is not strange that he had
a large circle of warm and anient personal friends.
Favorite as he was of South Carolina, the sudden
termination of his career will produce a profound
melancholy throughout her entire length and
breadth. The truthfulness and directness of las
character, not less than 1ns intellectual qualities,
liave endeared liim to thousands in a State whose
citizens are distinguished for the ardor of their
attachments and the generosity of their emotions.
It will be long before his name can be there
pronounced without calling, up sensations of the
deepest sorrow.
These painful and saddening occurrences are
resting places in the struggles of life. But all of
us havo duties, and some have hopes, to carry the
mind forward, and we should ever have present
the idea that while life itself will fade, the recol-
lt^pioii of great and noble acts^ivcs it, even here
upon earth, a sort of immortality. ^
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not ap-
prove of much talk at any time; y?t I should nut
well represent my constituency, or do justice to
my own feelings, by remaining wholly silent 011
this sad occasion. The mighty has fallen in the
blight day of lys glory. I Jut it is not in accord-
ance with my tenets to lament any man's death
because his life has been short. Few men live
or die'as they desire. To live long is of but little
importance to the true man. To die nobly is
life's chief concern. History records but one
Thermopyl®; there ought to have been another,
and that one for Preston S. Brooks.
Brave, patriotic, and unselfish, if he had been
permitted to choose his own death, I feel confi-
dent he would havo fallen in some great battle
for the public weal; but that mighty power which
controls and governs nil things, from an atom to
the universe, has decided otherwise, and it is not
my will nor habit to question the will or ways of
Omnipotence.
I was his friend; that I should speak as such
is to be expected; but throughout this broad land
the bosom of manhood will heave with sorrosv,
and the eye of beauty be wet with tears for the
depai ture of this gallant spirit. Yet all these
things are powerless to bring him back again.
Death heeds not the voice of luends, the weeping
of nations, the shouts of battle, the trumpet's
clangor, nor the cannon's roar.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tions submitted by Mr. Keitt; and they were
unanimously adopted.
And, then, on motion of JIr. OUR, the House
took a recess for throe quarters of an hour.
The House reassembled at a quarter ),i fore two
o'clock, when the President (■"the United States
and the Heads of Departments, the J notices of the
St-preme Coui t of the United states, accompann d
by their officers, the Court of Claims and their
officers, the Senate, preceded by their President
pro tempore and officers, entered the Hall at inter-
vals, and, having been received by the House
standing, were conducted to seats on the right
and left of the Speaker's chair. The Presiding
Officer of the Senate [Hon. James M. Mason]
occupied a seat on the right of the Speaker.
Hon. James Buchanan, President elect of the
United States, was also present.
The corpse of the deceased member was borne
into the Hall in charge of the Committee of Ar-
rangements, attended by the Sergeant-at-Arms of
the House and the pall-bearers, and followed by
the Representatives of the State of South Carolina
as mourners. The coffin was placed in the area
immediately in front of the Clerk's desk.
Services appropriate to the occasion were then
conducted by the Chaplains of the two Houses,
and a brief discourse was delivered by the Rev.
Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of thaJSpuse, from
the following text: 23d chapter of Hfeuke, latter
part of the 43d verse: " To-day sKalt thou be
with me in Paradise."
At the conclusion of the services the funeral
procession moved from the Hall to the Congres-
sional Cemetery, in the following order:
The Chaplains of both House* of Congress.
Phys>ici<ws> who attended the Deceased.
Committee of j-lrranxcments, *
Mr. John McQueen, Mr. T. S. Doeoek,
Alex. Do Witt, W. JI, Snced,
John Wheeler J. JA Dowdeli,
Daniel Mace, J. W. Denver.
J. O. Allen,
Pall-Bearers.
Mr. fI A. Edmundson, Mr. J. Glancy Jones,
Alex. I£. fcUuphonSj W. VV, Valk,
A. K. Marshal), A. Itu t,
B. B. Thurston, J. Scott Harrison.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senators and Representatives from the State of South
Carolina as mounters.
The Sergeant-at-Arnis of the House of Repicscntutivcs.
The Hou&e of Representative of the United States, pre-
ceded by their Speaker and Clerk.
The other officers of the House of Jiepiecentativos.
The Scrgeant-nt-Arms of the Senate.
The Senate, pieeeded by their Puvident and Seeietary.
The other offieers of the Senate.
The IVsident of the United States*.
The Heads of Depai tinents.
The Chief Ji^tu-c and Associate Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States and its officers.
The Judiciary of the DMnct of Columbia.
The Diplomatic Corps.
The Comptroller, Auditors, ami other Heady of Bureaus
of the several Departments of the Government,
with their officers.
Oilier^ of the Army and Navy at the Seat of Government.
The Mayoi of Washington and Common Council.
Citizens and strancei.s.
Subsequently the House reassembled and, on
motion of Mr. DOCOCK, (at five minutes after
four o'clock, p.m.,) adjourned until to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 30,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. StefhenP. Hill.
"The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the interior,
communicating', in obedience to law, a statement
of the balances of appropriations standing to the
credit of that Department on the 1st of July,
1855; the amount appropriated for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1856; the amount drawn, and the
balances in the Treasury, during the same period;
which was, on motion of Mr. Stuart, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed
PETITIONS AND 3IE3IOIUALS.
Mr. IjIGLER presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Philadelphia, pray-
in^for an appropriation for in)proving the navi-
gation of the Ohio river; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SEWAUD presented the petition of J.
Hosford Smith, late United States Consul at
JBeyriit, in Syria, praying for the reimbursement
of expenses incurred by him in his official capa-
city, and to be allowed compensation for judicial
services performed by him in his consulate; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Johnson K. Rogers, a Cherokee Indian, praying
that provision maybe made for paying the claims
of the " Eastern Cherokees" for spoliation, sub-
sistence, and removal, arising under the treaty of
1855-56 between the United States and the Cher-
okee Indians; which^was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. REID presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, in favor of a further
appropriation for continuing the improvement at
the mouth of the Cape Pear river; which were
ordered to iie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS presented the petition of Martha
Noble Hutchins, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the bill (II. R. No. 785) relinquishing
the claim of the United States to certain lots in
the city of Washington o"f which Elijah King
died seized and possessed, and praying that the
title to the same may be vested in her as the law-
ful owner; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Alexander Jones, an invalid pensioner, praying
for an increase of pension and for bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
John A. Monroe, clerk of the United States dis-
trict court for the district of Kentucky, praying
that his nay may be restored to what it was under
the third section of the act of February 26, 1853;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, a very
ingenious constituent of mine, by the name of
Charles R. IliiF, has invented a beautiful little
machine which he thinks will be very useful to
various departments of the Government, for pro-
jecting geometrical lines with great accuracy and
facility, especially in draughting surveys, copying
maps and engravings, with a facility not attained
heretofore by any machine in practical use. I
present his petition, and ask for its reference to
the Committee on the Library.
Mr. PEAROE. I prefer that that subjcct
should be referred to some other committee. The
Committee on the Library is very much burdened
now with business, and it seems to me that this
subject does not properly belong to it. I think
it would be more proper to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I have seen the instru-
ment. It is quite an ingenious one, and I believe
very useful; but I do not think it will meet that
attention it deserves from our committee. We
are burdened just now, and I suggest to my friend
from Kentucky that it would be better for his
constituent to refer his petition to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. *1 propose to refer it to
the Committee on the Library as a committee of
taste and science and learning. I hope it will be
allowed to go to them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the motion to refer it to
the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
PECULATIONS IN POST OFFICES.
Air. SEWARD. I present the petition of H.
H. Snelling, who brings to the notice of. the Sen-
ate the fact that he publishes a periodical entitled
" The Photographic and Fine Art Journal;" that
he issues two editions, one of which is illustrated
with embellishments, and the other of which is
not illustrated with embellishments; and sends
them through the post office to his subscribers.
The copies which are embellished are so unfortu-
nate as seldom to reach their destination, while
the copies which are not illustrated go safely
through the mails; which has become so great a
! giievance that he is unable to send through the
- post office the edition which is illustrated. I
j think most of the members of Congress will rec-
' ognize, in this misfortune of the petitioner, one
j which is common to us all. When we send lllus-
| trated books through the post oifice ihey are very
i apt to fail of their destination. I do_ not know
| that it is in our power to give any relief, but tha
