1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
set
subject is a proper one for the notice of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I move
to refer it to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM M' QUE EN.
Mr. SLTDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this body copies of all accounts now on
file in the office of the Auditor of the Treasury for tlio Post
Officc Department,in the cases of the United States against
Mandevillc Marigny, Christian Rosebud, and others, sure-
ties on the official bonds of William McQueen, formerly
deputy postmaster at New Orleans, and in which suits
were instituted in the circuit court of the United States for
the eastern district of Louisiana.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIG-LER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of the Town Council and citizens of
Greenville, South Carolina, reported a bijl (S.
3N*o. 534) for the construction of a suitable build-
ing- for the accommodation of the district court
of the United States, and the several offices con^
nected therewith, and the post office at Greerflf
ville, South Carolina; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee , on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Reuben H. Grant, submitted an adverse
report.
Mr, WADE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 296) for the relief of Sally T.
Mathews, reported that the House of Represent-
atives recede from its amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Alexander Montgomery, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 537) for (he relief
of Captain Alexander Montgomery, an assistant
quartermaster in the United States Army. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Verbiski,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
538) to authorize an increase of pension to Joseph
Verbiski. Th<e bill was read, and passed to'a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
way referred the petition of James G. Ronton, E.
B. Babbitt, and Janies Longstreet, of the United
States Army, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 539) for their relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Henry Hub-
bard, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 536) for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. SLIDEkLj from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of E.
Lloyd Winder, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of Edward Lloyd Winder,
lieutenant United States Army. The bill was
read, and passed to a second leading; and the
report was ordered to be punted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was deferred the petition of Daniel Ammen, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of Daniel Ammen, lieutenant United States
Navy. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joshua D. Todd,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 54*2) lor the relief of JoshuaD. lodd, United
States Navy. The hill was read, and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. TOOMBS asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill, (S. No. 535,) of which previous
notice had been given by Mr. Bright, to divide
the State of Indiana into two judicial districts,
and to provide for holding the district and circuit
courts of the United States therein; which was
read twice by its title, and refened to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL GRAHAM S REPORT,
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the Senate now to
rescind the order for the printing of Lieutenant
Colonel Graham's report. I believe there is no
difficulty about it. The matter was explained
the other day; and the only opposition to my
proposition came from the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Stuart.] I propose that the order be
rescinded, and I shall then ask the reference of
the whole subject to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STUART. I think the object of the Sen-
ator will be accomplished by simply moving to
recommit the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. The printing has already
been ordered. I ask that the order for printing
be rescinded, and the whole subject may then he
referred to us for a full report, so as to have the
resolution in a form acceptable to the body.
The motioqjpas agreed to; and the order for
printing the report was rescinded, ajud it was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
NAVAL DESERTIONS, ETC.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the reso-
lutions which I submitted a few weeks ago in
regard to the Navy.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to suggest to the
Senator from Texas, if lie desires to address the
Senate on the subject of his resolutions, that there
is some important executive business, which was
postponed from yesterday on account of the ser-
vices attending the funeral, and T propose to move
thftt the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume my resolutions
will be disposed of this morning. The honorable
chairman of the Committor on Naval Allans | Mr.
Mvllory) is mesent, and he had Ifet concluded
his umirks the other day when he was cut off
by the expiration of the niornini; hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
witt put the question on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Texas to take up the resolutions.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolutions,
submitted by Mr. Houston, on Wednesday,
January 14:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate of the number of deserters troni the Navy mnce
the *2$lh of February, and particularly of the dusoitord
fiom the crew o/ the steam-fu-jate Mcnuiiae whilst com-
manded by Captain 0. .T. J'endei^tast, toother unit any
report or jopuit? made lo the Navy I) >pnnmenf by Mud
Captain lVuder;,'iast,of the enures of said iJos-ertions. Abo,
uf the eausertof the return from tli<% Paeiiie s-quadmn of the
captain and commander of the (ii .ue Independent-!', and
more recently, the eonnnandei of the sloop-ni-war Decatur ;
together witlVthe copied of all jepoitu made hy the com-
mander of the Paeifie^iuadion, or any other oflicei, m rela-
tion to cube rthe f,rud captain or commanders; and whether
any, ;ui i what, a.-uon was taken hy the Pie-idont, or f^ee-
retiuy of the Navy, m relation to Commander Gansevooit,
of the ^-loop Decatur. Also, whether any oihei otliecr of
the Pacific squadron has been reported to the Navy Depart-
ment for dereliction or un^lheer-hke conduct, and it so,
to furnish copies of the iepoifr>, together with a statement
of il>e course purmcd by the JK-p,mm<>nt toward Mich
derelict otiieer. And uIh>, whether, Mnee the'retuiu of the
captain fiom the fnsjate Independence, in the Pacific ocean,
an officer of interior giade or rank ha-* b< en -.fMit to com-
mand that ship; and if of inferior ^rad--. whether Mieh |
eour-e was m consequence of any, and whai, dulieulty m 1
finding a captain to,order to command *aid ln«ule Inde-
pcndenci. -And al<o, nny repoi t or reports Irom Captain
Mercer, of the Hi a/.d '•quadron, in relation to the officers of |
tin* bitpr Cambridge, while ^ctvmuou thaJ'i izii station ; and
Rciolor,?, further, That the ^rueirxi> of the Navy be
requested to fimiwi the Senate with copie- of any report
or repons from the commander of the Ku>t India squadron
m relation to the legislation ot any commissioned uflicers
recently nervim* theiem.
Mr. MALLORY. I gave notice that I should
move to amend the resolutions. I now move to
amend it hy striking out all after tlio first para-
graph, winch wiirls with the words "causes of
(said desertions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was not av/are that the
question would be put oil the amendment at once.
I supposed the gentleman from Florida would
finish Li.; remarks before the question was ,
as lie was progressing with a speech when the
ubject was up before. I have objections to the
amendment. I thought it was proper for the Sen-
ator to proceed with the remarks he intended to
make: and 1 ask him now to proceed v. all Ins
remarks on this amendment.
Mr. MVLLORY. The reasons against the
rc-.olutions, with which 1 have tthtady troubled
the Senate, I will not repeat. I therefore have no
furtfier remarks to make. The reasons are .patent
on the resolutions themselves. I have stated
already. 1 have of course no objection—on tlio*
contrary, I would desire to know the causes which
produce desertions m the service. That isa proper
and legitimate subject of inquiry; but, as I said
before, this resolution calls for the causes which
have proSuccd the resignations of the commissions
of certain officers who are now entirely out of
service; and it cannot redound to the interest or
benefit of the service in any way, but may pos-
sibly produce exposures of persons who are not
applicants for this resolution, and who would be
the last perhaps to desire its passage in the Sen-
ate.
It calls also for the facts of the case, which has
been lately pending in Philadelphia before a court-
martial, and which is decided up°n, and is now
before the world at large, "and does not require to
be presented here to the Senate in the shape of a
document. There are other reasons of a similar
character; I will not discuss them, as I have
already troubled the Senate with them.
Mr. HOUSTON. This resolution calls for the
causes of the return of certain officei-3 from the
Pacific squadron. I understood that the Senator
from Florida wished to discuss that question.
He can say whether it is his desire to do so or
not. If not, I shall make some remarks in oppo-
sition to this amendment, or any modification of
the resolution as originally introduced.
Mr. STUART. I understand the Senator from
Florida, has said all he desires to say on this sub-
ject, and, as I stated,,tlie Senator from Texas
wishes, I understand, to make some extended
remarks. 1 hope, therefore, this subject will be
postponed for the present, til order that we may
go into executive session, and dispose of some
impot tant business there.
Mr. HOUSTON. I can inform the Senator
from Michigan that my remarks will not be very
extended, and we shall have ample time to trans-
act all the executive business that will be neces-
sary, after they are concluded, for, as I now con-,
template, they will be very short.
Mr. President, my object in introducing this
resolution was to ascertain certain facts which I
thought important to the country, and to enable
it, as well as the representatives of the people, to
understand the condition of the naval service at
this djk'. None of those facts, as I conceive, are
lrreleram to the inquiry that seemed necessary to
effect the object of the resolution. I am induced
to take this course, because we are assured, from
high quarters, that the Navy is greatly improved
by the late changes that have taken, place in_the
system of our naval service, and that it is in a
most healthful and prosperous condition. I de-
sire to have its true condition made known to the
Senate and to the nation. Having no other object
than to ascertain whether the intelligence which
we have received was correct or incorrect, I de-
sired to have fiom the official source—the proper
Department of the Government—the information
necessary to enable us to arrive at a proper con-
clusion as to the facts. We are assured by the
Executive, in his late annual message to Congress,
that
<• The condition of tlio Nuvy is not merely satisfactory,
lint evil lE.it'-: the most!>tatiryin<;cvnlenoe of increased vigor.
A. a m comparatively ^iniill, it is more important that it
should he a< complete as possible in all tile elements of
— that it should hi' efficient in the character of its
Ollieets, ill the zeal ami ill 1 iplinc ot its men, in the reli-
ability ot'its otdnanee, anil m the capacity of its, ships. Ill
all tlic-.e ViUtons qualities the Navy lus made great prog-
l" ■: withtn the ];,- t few veins. The execution of the law
'CO.nci'c '. of'Feln uary ^ ■ . 18.~5, - to promote the efficiency
o! lie: isravv,' li;u been attended by the most advantageous
re-ult-."
Tins indorsement of the Navy of the United
j States by tin; Chief Magistrate of the country
i illy comports with tlio intelligence which we
i receive from other sources. The contrariety of
> statements in relation to the fact demands of the
i Senate, ill my opinion, an investigation. I expect
| to obtain nothing but correct information from
! t.ho Department. If it corroborates the statement
' of the Executive—which we regard as official
| so much the bettor for him and for the service.
I Then all side-bar insinuations, all imputations
1 discreditable to the discipline of the Navy, to its
present organization, apo to its efficiency, will be
put to rest. The service will receive additional
eclat from the investigation. If the charges which
