504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 80,
reach our ears be true, a remedy should be applied
to the existing evils, and the condition of the Navy
should, at least, be commensurate with the de-
mands of the country, and the assurances which
the Executive has given us of its necessities.
' Mr. President, the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee asks us to extend extraordinary mcrcy in
behalf of individuals who have been delinquent,
and have resigned: he says they are the*very last
ones who would desire to have the facts exposed
that the world may see the cause of their resig-
nation. This may be very reasonable; but how
strangely and how wonderfully changed are the
opinions and feelings of that gentleman since he
sustained, with so much earnestness and ability,
the action of the naval board, that seemed unscru-
pulous as to the wounds it inflicted on the minds
of honorable men who had the highest indorse-
ment of the nation in behalf of their character and
their conduct! Sir, it was then just; it was right;
it was proper to strike down men without cause.
He admitted that a few honorable men had suffered
wrong, but he said that a large majority of those
who had been injured by the action of that board
were unworthy. Then we found no sympathy
for the degraded and dishonored officers who had
given their lives to the service of their country,
iwen who knew nothing else but their profes-
sion, and who had no other resource for them-
selves and their families, were stricken down
without compunction, treated without charity,
mid regarded without mercy by the honorable
chairman of the Naval Committee.
Sir, what new source of sympathy has broken
but in his nature on this occasion, that seems to
demand such great charity to those individuals
who, to avoid an investigation of their conduct,
have availed themselves of the privilege of resig-
nation? Unwilling to confront the investigation
of a court-martial, or to stand in arraignment
before their peers, they have endeavored to escape
imputations that would justly attach to improper
conduct. Gallant officers were denied that priv-
ilege by this letiiiug board, and were not per-
mitted to be heard. These men t ould have had
the boneliL of an oihui investigation. The otheiy
Were passed upon by an inquisitorial board, with-
out charge, without cause, unless it was the grat-
ification of some malignant or selfish p.iKcion
actuating this board. have we not a rjght to
ask what these men have done that caused their
resignation? Arc we to be told that thc&have
resigned, and wo have no further contiw over
them? We have no control over them, but we
have revisory power ovet the Navy. They must
have done .something &ood, or something bad.
If they have done something good, and if they
would be degraded by an exposition, they will
stand on a par with those men, the most honor-
able in the service, who were stricken down by
the naval board.
I will state an instance that claimed no sym-
pathy eunTdemunded no giacious action on the
part of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I allude to the case of Lieutenant Glas-
son, o£ the Navy, who was stricken down, lie
was fir&t retired, I am informed, and afterwards
furtoughed on the very lowest grade of pay. If
he had not possessed a character that commended
him to the justice of the nation, that commended
him to the fairness of treatment, that commended
him to the admiration of evety one, lie might have
deserved the punishment inflicted on him without
cauyo. Hut what did the Navy Department.say,
after his return to the United States aftera cruise
to the China seas ? The Secretary of the Navy, a
few days before the act of February £8, 1855, was
passed, wrote this letter to Lieutenant Glasson:
navy drpa iithknt, february 10,
Sru : The 1>< pariinent coiifmitulntas vnu upon jour safe
return to jour emmtty ami fnemh, m command of the
United States storedup Leungtou. after a hi btv mreroHt-
Sns and suecr-M'ui crue-e m the East Indies, China, ami
Japan seaa. fn doing co, it wub much pleasure 1 place
in your possesion the inclosed copy of the very i,i%en-
able report of elimination and inspection recently liHd
upon the condition of that \e?.-oi, her crew, armament, and
ammunition The good eider of the ship, the prompt-
i^y-9 am* efficiency of the erew w the ix:rfoirn;inee of their
vanous dime?., and the satisfactory condition of her anna-
merit, maga/im  « fhot iockeis, and ammunition, furnish
undoubted evidenee of the intention p:ud to discipline ami
other requisite* of a man-of war. reflecting great credit upon
her commander and the oflieers associated with him.
Very lespeetfully, vour obedient &maiit.
j. c. dorp.[\r.
Lieutenant John J. Glasson, iCommanding United Stales
stortahip Lexington, New Fork,
This was in February, 1855- In September of
the same year the retiring board struck down this
individual—a man who has not yet attained the
meridian of life, with all the efficiency of a sailor
and all the qualities of a gentleman, indorsed by
the Secretary of the Navy as having performed
all his duties as a seaman at sea, and never called
in question on shore. He was mercilessly stricken
down by the retiring board; and the honorable
chairman of the committee had no sympathy for
him, no kind mantle of charity, or even of justice,
to extend to him. He now asks us not to inquire
in regard to men who, by their actions, have
acknowledged their unwo^thiness, lest we, by so
doing, expose them! How stands Glasson?—a
man who, in all the departments of life, as a
sailor, a gentleman, a soldier, who has done ser-
vice more than half his life, from the time he
entered the Navy until he was stricken down, a
father, a friend, and husband—iottill these rela-
tions he §£ood unimpeached; andyet he had no
claim to the kindness, or even the favor, of this
immaculate board; and we are to extend sympa-
thy to men who could not claim justice at the
enlightened hands of any tribunal!
How does this comport with the report made
against Captain Striblmg, a member of that board.
The inspecting officers reported that nothing on
board his ship was right; that all was wrong;
and when he incurred the highest censure, and
when he was furnished with the proceedings as a
member of that board, his excuse was sufficient.
Glasson came forward with no excuse. He has
demanded of his country a fair hearing^and in-
vestigation; but that has been denied to him; and
will you try to screen men who have acknowl-
edged their own un worthiness, because they have
taken refuge behind resignation? Sir, I do not
understand Ufat measure of charity. 1 am not
prepared to indorse it. I wish to know the facts.
Important reports have come to the Department
of which we aie not in possession. I desire to
see them. Officers, for the first time in the anrfcls
of our nation, have been ordered from the Pacific.
A captain and commander have been displaced
^and sent home with a report of a superior officer,
and we are nor told for what thoy were sent here.
Another officer was sent homo, and for awhile
remained under reprehension; but he is again
whitewashed and restored to the public service,
lint we are not to ask for the cause of these
things, because it is said an honorable gentleman
will be implicated, whose name may incur impu-
tation ! The allusion is to Captain Tatnall. No
imputation can attach to him. He is a gallant,
chivalrous, noble gentleman. I have no suspicion
to cast upon him; but I wish to vindicate him
against imputation. He was ordered home, and
the facts are not known. Captain Tatnall must
have been considered culpable to some extent,
lie is not culpable; and I wish to vindicate him
to the world; and to relieve the feelings of his
friends. I have no personal knowledge of any
man but Captain Tatnall, who is embraced in
this resolution, or to whom it has the slightest
reference. Him I have known for thirty years,
and I need not commend him. His own acts, and
his own high qualities as a gentleman, arc com-
mendations gi eater than I could bestow. But,
sir, 1 want the facts known to the nation concern-
ing his case.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs a year ago urged, as a matter of
great necessity, that really we should have an in-
creased number of naval officers to give efficiency
to the Navy; but now what is the condition of
the Navy? We have no less than ninety-six cap-
tains I believe, because those who were retired
or furloughed arc subject to the order of the
Department. Comtnodoie Perry said some of
them were the best officers in the Navy. When
we have so many captains, it seems strange that
subordinates should he called to perform the
duties of captains when they are superabundant—
1 might say, supernumerary. 1 believe it was
said by the chairman of the Naval Committee
that these captains had their alternates—that
means second-rate, or not first-rate, or something
rather in the quality of a counterfeit. Some of
them are called, in sailors' phrase, "bogus cap-
tains." These captains dre supposed to be pre-
pared to take the place of those higher m grade ,,
it they should not meet the requisition of the l{
Department in going to sea. We have now, I II
think, over sixty captains on the active list.
There are but thirteen of those captains in sea-
service. Where the remainder are, or what they
are doing, or why they should not be required to
perform the duties pertaining t > their station, X
know not. But, Mr. President, I wish to know
why it is that a commander takes the place of an
efficient captain when there are so many captains,
over thirty, reported on the Naval Register as
"waiting orders." Out of over thirty waiting
orders it appears one could not be obtained to
supply the place of Captain Tatnall when Com-
modore Mervine ordered him home.
If we have not captains enough, and we under-
take to maintain a Navy, we should pass a law
creating a sufficient number to give efficiency to
that arm of the service. In a former discussion
on this subject—I allude to a debate in the Senate
on the 10th of July, 1856 — the Senator from
Florida, in reply to some remarks of the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] said:
" Mr. Mallory. Very well. I have corrected the Sen-
ator as to the increase of captains. We have simply put
active men in the place of inefficient men at the same
price ; and the duty of the country now is done efficiently,
which was not done before at all; because, heretofore,
fghen the Secretary wished to send an officer on a distant
bruise, particularly to the coast of Africa, or othftr objec-
tionable duty, he had to appoint three or four before he
could get one to go. As I remarked on another occasion,
now everything is alacrity. The officers seek sea-scrviec,
because they see a disposition to render promotion depend-
ent on sea-service."
Now what had become of that esprit de corps—
of that disposition to seek service, when the De-
partment had to send a commander to supply the
place of a captain, while over thirty captains
were " waiting ordersIs not this an import-
ant fact to ascertain? Is it not proper that we
should understand it ? Js there anything unrea-
sonable in this request? Do not the Senate re-
quire it for their enlightenment if they are to act
further on this subject?
Mr. President, these are my reasons for de-
siring the information which the resolution calls
for. I have no disposition to protract the debate.
I desire the information, and therefore I wish
the sense of the Senate taken upon the resolu-
tions declaring whether the information asked
for, under the circumstances and facts of the
case, is not such as justifies the call made.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it seems to me
manifest that we cannot get a vote on this ques-
tion to-day, as we have but five minutes before
the time fixed for the consideration of the special
order. I understand the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs desires to speak on it
I have a resolution calling for information on
matters before the Senate, that I should like the
indulgence of the Senate to pass. I move to
postpone this subject till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MARTIAL LAW IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution which I de-
sire to present; and if the Senate will indulge me
for a single moment I will state the reason of it,
and I shall ask for its consideration now.
Early in August at the last session, the honor-
able Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] pre-
sented a resolution asking from the President
some information in reference to the declaration
of martial law in the Territory of Washington.
Late m the session the lesolution was answered,
and the information printed, but no Senator has
had an opportunity of reading it. 1 now simply
wish to get copies of any papers received since
those which were furnished in answer to the
resolution of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan. It is important to have this information,
and J ask that the resolution be considered and
passed at once.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent;and agreed to, as follows:
Reiolved, That the President of the United States be
iequated to communicate to the Senate, (if not incompat-
ible with the public mtoiest) copies of the letters mid other
papers which may have been received at either of the
Executive Departments relating to the proclamation of
maitial law in the Temtory of Washington, by Governor
Stevens, and al<o relating to the .irrest of a judse of the <-aid
Temtory while holding a district eoui t of the United States,
and his retention by a military guard, and relating to any
other proceedings under the said proclamation, not hereto-
fore eommunicated to the Senate.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
Mr. ADAMS. _ The hour has not quite arrived
