1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
§0f
Mr. WALKER. I avail myself of the pre-
sentation of this bill before the committee, to
express the views which I have formed as to
what should be the course of the House in refer-
ence to this and similar claims from the Court of
Claims. It had been my purpose to say some-
thing in reference to the case of Asbury Dickins.
I have not examined the report in this particular
case of Michael Nourse; but I understand that so
far as questions of laware concerned, it is similar
to that in the case of Dickins.
In the latter case, I am familiar with the facts
set forth in the report of the Court of Claims, and
the report of the Committee of Claims of the
House. To show the applicability of the argu-
ment which I design to make in the case now under
consideration, to that of Mr. Dickins, I will read
the report of the Committee of Claims of this
House, in reference to Michael Noure. The whole
report consists in the statement that the case in-
volves the same question as that of Asbury Dick-
ins; and the committee, on the same grounds,
now recommend that this bill do not pass.
This being so, much that I have to say will be
in reference to the Dickins case; and in entering
upon its discussion I am governed very much
by the same considerations which influenced the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] when
ho addressed the House some days since in its
favor. The House will recollect the point in issue
between that gentleman and the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who then appeared in
support of the report of the Committee of Claims;
and the House will bear in mind that the contest
between these two gentlemen grew out of then-
different interpretations of some of the statutes.
The gentleman from New York bases his argu-
ment in favor of the claim of Asbury Dickins on
the act of 1792. The gentleman from Vii^inia
contended that, under the actoi'17t>9, organizing
the State Department—then called the Foreign
Department—and tinder the acts passed in the
same year organizing the Treasury Department,
and under subsequent acts in reference to the
compensation of officers, the principle is cleaily
established that there was no justice 111 this case
of Dickins. Wow, sir, by a reference to those
acts, with a few brief comments on their phrase-
ology, X think it will become manifest that the
argument is decidedly 'in favor of the justice of
this claim.
But before I commence commenting on these
statutes, permit me to say that it seems to mo
that this is a case for the careful consideration
of this House, because it is one which tliey will
establish as a precedent for the conduct of future
Congresses in reference to the action of this
Court of Claims. It is needless now to enter
into all the causes which gave birth to that tri-
bunal. During the last session I did so at length.
Suffice it for the present to say, that one of.tho
great purposes sought to be effected by the or-
ganization of this court was to provide an instru-
mentality for the disposition of a class of cases
wjucli, owing to the delay in their investigation,
had become, so to speak, an opprobrium to the
Government and a just cause for questioning its
integrity and its justice. The establishment of the
court was also looked upon as putting an end, in
a great measure, to what is known in this House
and the country as the " lobby interest." These
considerations induced the last Congress to bring
this court into being; and it seems to me that
we are now called on, by^the highest considera-
tions of public duty, wherever we can without
the violation of clearly-ascertained and well-set-
tled legal principles, to lend support to the Court
of Claims.
Premising thus much, I proceed to the exam-
ination of the several statutes to which the atten-
tion of the House has been called by those who
have entered into this debate. The act of 1792
governed the Court of Claims in the investigation
of this matter. The act is to be found in the 1st
volume Statutes at Large, p. 279, and is entitled
" An act making alterations in the Treasury and
War Departments." The eighth section of that
act is as follows:
"Sec. 8. IIndbe it farther enacted, That in ca^e of thcji
death, absence from the scat of Government, er tidiness, of T
the Secretary of State. Secretary of the Treasury, or of the
Secretary or the War Department, or uf any otiit-er uf filler
of the s-ait] Departments who-e appointment not in ! in'
lletui thereof, whereby thev cannot perfotm the duties of
, their respective ofliccs, it shall be lawlul for the President
of the United States, in case he shall think it necessary, to
authorize any person or persons, at his discretion, to per-
form the duties of ttio said respective officcs until a suc-
cessor be appointed, or unul such abscnee or inability by
sickness shall cease."
It will be seen by this phraseology that, in
exercising this power, thus conferred, th# action
of the President is not limited to tlfe incumbcnts
in these Departments. He had a right, by virtue
of this law, to cast his eye over the whole Union,
and select any person he might think proper for
the purpose of discharging temporarily the duties
of the chief of either of these Departments; and
let us look for a moment at the act of July 27,
1789, referred to, and relied on by those who take
an opposite view from me. ltisentitled "All act
for establishing an executive department to be
deoominatcd the DepartmeBt of Foreign Affairs."
This is now called the State Department. I read
the first secticui of that act (which has not here-
tofore been called to the attention of the House)
for the purpose of showing that it is all-essential
to a correct understanding of this case:
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted, That there shall be an Execu-
tive Department, to be denominated the Department of
Foreign Affairs, aud that there shall be a puncipal officer
therein to be called the Secretary for the Department of
Foreign Affair*., who shall pcriorm and execute such duties
as shall from tune to thnebeenjoinodon orcntru.-tedto him
by die President of the United States agreeable to the Con-
stitution, relative to correspondence, commissions or m-
stmc^fcnsj to or with public minifters or consuls from the
UmteTytatcs, or to negotiations with public mnuHtois fiom
foreign States or princes, or to memorials or other applica-
tions fiom foicign public nimMcis or other foreigners, or
to such other matters rcspectim* foreign affans as the Pres-
ident of the United States shall assign to ihe said Depart-
ment; and furthermoic, that the f-uid puncipal olfu-ortdiall
conduct, the business of the said Depaumetit m Mich man-
ner a* the President of the United States shall fiom tune
to time ordn or iu- Uuel.,>
This section provides for the appointment of
the principal officer of that Dopartm^t, and also
provides that ho ah all be subordinate to the orders
and instructions of the President. It confers on
him the whole conduct of our foreign affairs.
In the second section, relied on by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Lktciieu,] we find the
following:
u Th.it thcic shall be in the said Department an inferior
office), to be appointed by the said principal otlicei, and to
be employed therein as he phall deem propei, and to be
called ihe chief clerk m the Department of Foieign Affairs,
and who, whenever the «aid puncipal officer ,shall be re-
moved from office by the President of the I United State?, or
in any othor case of vacancy, shall* during such vacancy, have
the chargeandemfody of all)chords, books, and paper* apper-
taining to the said Department.
In the event of the removal of the head of the
Department by the President, or of a vacancy
from any cause whatever, it becomes the duty of
the inferior officer, or chief clerk, iu do what ? JNTot
to perform all Ike duties appertaining to the head
of the Department — not to incur the great and
heavy responsibilities belonging to that inferior
officer. lie is simply made, by the terms and
phraseology of the second section, the keeper and
custodian of the books, papers, and records of the
Department. The examination of these two sec-
tions of the act of 1789, the description in them
of the respective duties of the Secretary of State
and the chief clerk, at once afford us a clew and a
reason for the enactment, three years afterwards,
of the law relied on by the Court of Claims, ami
which I have read already. Under the last act,
(1792,) the person authorized by the Presidentto
discharge the duties of Secretary, during the tem-
porary disability of that officer, has full power to
control the entire Department. He communicates
with foreign Governments, conducts the corre-
spondence, receives memorials, carries on nego-
tiations with foreign Powers—in a word, he is,
for the time being, the Secretary and head of that
Department, having the same powers, and incur-
ring the same responsibilities,-as the Secretary
constitutionally appointed.
But, sir, another thing. In this second section
we find the words "refhoval or other vacancy
Now, what is the meaning of these terms. It re-
fers to the act of the President as the head of the
Government, by his order ejecting an incumbent
from his office, thereby leaving the office entirely
destitute. It will be seen that this act, in employ-
ing the word s% vacancy," refers to the same state
of things, so far as the management of that Depart-
ment was concerned, as would have happened
in the event of a removal by the President. If a
vacancy occurs by death or removal, it devolves
upon the head clerk to become the custodian of
the books and records, but there his power ceases.
HisKluties a^enotetttergetf save and except in re-
lation to the custody and charge of the bodies, of
the office#,
To make this more apparent, I have cossulted *
lexicographers as to the meaning of'this term
" vacancy"—its meaning in ordinary parlance,
and in the ascertainment of the meaning of an
enactment. I find the word " vacancy" derived
from the <patm word tweans—from vaco, " to be
empty;" " the state of being destitute of an in-
cumbent;"" wantofthcreguIaroiEccr to officiate
in a place." I-Jencc, alsofit signifies the office,
post, or benefice, which is destitute of an incum-
bent; as a vacancy in a parish, vacancies in the
Treasury or War ofBee.
Vacant—Not filled or occupied with an incum-
bent or possessor; as a vacant throne, a vaeani
parish.
Vacate—'To annul; to make void, &e., as to
vacate a commission, to vacate a charter.
Toltiake vacant—-To quit possession and leave
destitute.
JNow, sir, when we look at the history of these
several acts, and the condition of our Government
in its infancy in 1789, when the first two acts were
adopted, organizing the Department of Foreign
Affairs, and afterwards the Treasury Department,
followed by the act of 1792, made undoubtedly for
the purpose of providing for a, continuance of the
discharge of the functions belongingrto the head
of a Department, when he has fre£f| tfemcft&l or
taken away temporarily from the office-,
to me to be clear that it is altogether unsduji<l tO'%
base an argument against the action of the court «
in this case upon the phraseology of the laws "
passed at the timo to which 1 have referred.
But the gentleman from Virginia said that,
coming down to the year 1B18, we find the ninth
section of the act of tnat year to be another stum-
bling-block in the way of this claim, as that sec-
tion, iu expiess terms, makes a limitation to the
compensation of these officers. That ninth sec-
tion regulates the compensation of ,clcrks in the
different offices; and the very Utle of the act shows
thatthe object was entirely confined to prescribing
the rates of compensation for services performed
within the strict line of their duty, and while hold-
ing the office of clerk* The ninth section is in
these words:
^ And he it further enacted, That the compensation al-
lowed by this act to clcrks dial! commence from and after
the 31st day of Maieh last; and it *hall be the duty of the
SccretaqM tor the Departments of State, Tieasurv, War,
and Navy? of the Ootnunss-ioncis of the Navy, and thy Post-
rn.ij-ter General, to rcpoit to Congress at the beginning of
each jear the names of the cleiks they have employed,
respectively, in the pteccdutgyear, together with the time
oaeh dork was actually employed during this year, and the
sums paid to each ; and no higher or other allowance shall - ,
be made to any clerk m the said Departments.and otftc.j$ *
than tho>c authored bv this act; and all acts and paitsof *, -
acta inconsistent with the provisions of this act are hereby ,
icpcaled."
Now, I submit to any gentleman familiar with the ./
rules of interpretation whether, without straining
this ninth section, it can be viewed as a limitation
or denial of the right of a clerk to additional com-
pensation for performing duties entirely outside
of the sphere of his ordinary line of duty. It ia
here declared that he shall receive no more com-
pensation for his services as what? as clerk in the
Departmentholdinganappointmentfrom the head
of a Department.
But, sir, there is no occasion in this case to
resort to first reasoning—no occasion to weary
this committee by any argument framed from my
own thoughts, because it is fully disposed of by
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and by the opinions of almost every At-
torney General of the United States upon eases
which have been submitted to him for his decis-
ion. By those decisions and opinions the rule
has become established, and it has been but fol-
lowed by the Court of Claims in the decision of
this very case.
The history of the Government informs us that
when General Cass was Governor of Michigan,
he performed duties outside of those enjoined
upon him as Governor of that Territory, and he
presented hisclaim foran allowance of extra com-
pensation for such services. The matter was
referred to the Attorney General for his opinion
as to the legality of that claim. Mr. Wirt, then
Attorney General, in reference to that claim, held
the following language:
" His salary i&a compensation for his services as Gov-
