1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL €,LOBE.
500
clerk or officer in the same or any other Department; and
no allowance or compensation shall be made for any extra
services whatever which any clerk or other officer may be
required to peilonn."—Statutes at Large, vol. 5, p. 525.
Now, sir, if the act of 1839 is not clear and
explicit, I submit that there can be no doubt about
this act. It declares that no other pay or com-
pensation shall be made to any clerk or other
officer, no matter what the character of the officer,
whether he be a clerk or a disbursing agent, or
whether he holds any other position under the
Government, by reason of the discharge of duties
which belong-to any other clerk or oiiieer in the
same or any other Department, whether he be a
register above the chief clerk, or whether he be
the Secretary of the Treasury above the chief
clerk. No matter what his position may be,.he
is not to receive, under any pretext whatsoever,
in future, any compensation for any services
which he may allege he has discharged, or which
he may be able to show that he has discharged.
Mr. FAULKNER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia to say that the Court of
Claims has reported a bill affirming the propriety
of paying these claims accruing since 1839 and
1842? If so, was the attention of that court called
to these acts of Congress, and what reasons are
assigned by the court for disregarding the provi-
sions of those laws?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly'; and I have just
read to my colleague that portion of their report
which shows that they have actually given aim
pay for one hundred and twenty-two days since
1839. I desire to have the attention of the House
to the fact now, that it is insisted upon that the
judgments of the Court of Claims are to be con-
clusive, and that the Committee of Claims are
to be overruled. I want it to be seen here m
this House, whether the Committee of Claims,
who have beuu faithful in the diM,harge uf their
dutics, are to be considered as having been over
observantof the law, and whether for that observ-
ance of the law, they are now to be put down m
order that a court may be sustained whose judg-
ment is palpably in disregard of two laws upon
the statute-book.
But, sir, the law says—
" No allowance or compensation shall bo made to any
clerk or other otttecr by reason of the discharge of duties
which belon<? to any other eleik or otlicei in the same or
any other Department."
And now mark what follows—as if this was
not broad enough—as if there might still be a
doubt m the mtndfcf somebody in regard to it,
it goes on to say: ^
i" And no allowance or compensation shall be made for
any extra services whatever, which any clerk or other
officer may be reqnhed to perform."
Mr. TODD. What is the date of that act?
Mr. LETCHER. August, 1842. The act I
previously read was the act of March, 1831); and
subsequent to the passage of the act of 1H39, the
Court of Claims have allowed compensation to '
this man Nourse for one hundred and twenty-
two days' service while he was chief clerk.
But my fiiend from Alabama, in his argument,
produces the act to .show that the President of
the United States, under the terms of the act
creating the Treasury Department, may select
either a chief clerk or any other person whom he
may find in all the limits of the United States,
and commission him to the performance of the
duties ofSecretary of State or of Secretary of the
Treasury. Now Jet me illustrate. Suppose the
President of the United mates were to select my
friend from New York, [Mr. Simmons,] in the
temporary absence of the Secretary of State, or
of tlie Secretary of the Treasury, and commis-
sion hin> as Secretary, and invest him with fall
power to discharge the duties devolving upon
such Secretary, and he should go into oJfice, and
when the Secretary returned and demanded his
place, the gentleman so appointed should refuse
to yield up the office to which he may have been
assigned—now I should like to know who would
be the Secretary in that state of the ease? I should
hke to know how the g( ntleman from New York
would be got out of the office unless by an actual
dismissal from the PresidHh, and the reappoint-J
ment of the old officer?
But, let me carry my illustration a little further, j
Suppose that a session of Congress is rapidly j
approaching, mid it is necessaiy to have the ;
reports of ^ie Departments prepared to be sent ,
to Congress, which would be the report of the !
Secretary of the Treasury > I maintain that the
gentleman from New York would be the Secre-
tary—that it could not be otherwise—aud that
there was, therefore, wisdom in using the terms
of the law creating the Treasury Department,
when they said, not that he should be appointed
a Secretary of the Treasury, but that he should
authorize a chief clerk, or some other person,
during a temporary vacancy, to perform the
duties. It shows the mason of the whole affair.
It shows that it was never intended to be perma-
nent—that it was only authority given for the
discharge of clerical duty in the absence of the
Secretary of the Treasury, caused by sickness or
any other cause that may withdraw him tempo-
rarily from the office.
But my friend from Alabama tells us that an
Attorney General of the United States pronounced
an opinion in behalf of General Cass, when he
was Governor of the Territory of Michigan, and
claimed extra compensation for other services
rendered. Well, Mr. Chairman, I have some
recollection of that myself; I took a small hand
in the presidential canvass when General Cass
was a candidate for the Presidency, and I have
no xecollection now that 1 ever went on the stump
on any occasion in which some Whig did not
pitch In my face that extra compensation before
I go#th rough with the discussion. The whole
Whig party was committed against it. Hut now,
stiange to say, here is my friend from New York,
[Mr. 11avkn,J one of the leaders of the old Whig
party, heading the party of extra compensation,
relying upon General Cass's case as conclusive
in regard to it, and basing bills on behalf of Mi.
DiekniM and Mr. Nourse on that ground.
Out, Air. Chairman, 1 have, perhaps, occupied
more than my share of time on the subject of
Asbmy Dickins's claim. 1 shall not now occupy
more time upon it. 1 designed merely to piesent
my views pioperly before the House, and to pre-
1 sent this claim properly before the country, so that
every one may understand that this is an appeal
to this committee to condemn the Coui t of Claims
for asking this House not to sustain the judgment
of the Court of Claims in palpable violation (ac-
cording to my understanding) of the acts of 1839
and 1W42.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I
desire to submit some remarks on this case, and
in doing so 1 shall address myself mainly (for the
principles arc somewhat the same) to the case of
Asbury Dickins. I should not be concerned in
tins case by any means if it wore not that the
course of the committee on this subject may, per-
haps, have a material influence on the other.
In the first instance, Mr. Chairman, I desire to
have it distinctly understood by the committee
that I have no earthly interest in the world in the
ca^e, even in a social sense. I rise to speak on
this question in the performance of what I deem
to be my duty. In reference to the Court of
Claims, 1 mean simply to give its decisions a
' prima facie advantage in the consideration of all
j cases before this House. 1 do not mean to regard
l its action as controlling or conclusive by any
| means. It would be extraordinary indeed if the
I action of that court were to be final when it may
| embrace m its decisions large amounts, and when
I finality is only accorded in other extraordinary
i cases to the Supreme Court of the United Slates
] itself. I have listened v ilh a great deal of atteu-
^ tion to the argument of my colleague, as I always
. do 
; Mr. LETCHER, tiy the indulgence of my
colleague, 1 desire to call attention to a position
taken by my friend from Alabama [Mr. Walk-
ioiiJ under the act of 1789. He tells you that
that act was not intended to embrace the chief
clerk; that it was only intended to apply to others;
that that act merely imposed on the Secretary of
j State and on theSecretaiy of the Treasury the duty
of reporting to the House the number of clerks
and the grades of salary. Now, if the gentleman
; will turn to Executive documents of the second
' session of the Twenty-First Congress, volume 2,
! document 39, he will find that the Secretary of
; the Treasury commences his report with the name
of Asbury Dickins as chief clerk, and with the
( amount of his salaiy.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was about stating
that I have listened attentively, as I usually do,
to the remarks of my colleague, and I regret now
to differ with him on this question, harmonizing
as I do generally, in all the views and conduct
which he displays so efficiently on this" floor.
The proposition, as the committee understand'*
(for I suppose the same amendment is offered to
this bill as was offered in the case of Asbury
Dickms—if not I shall offer it,) is between the
lower and the higher salary. In the case of As-
bury Dickins it is the difference between the allow-
ance made him as chief clerk of the Treasury and
State Departments, and that which would be
allowed him as the head of those Departments.
In this case it is the difference between what was
allowed to Mr. Nourse as chief clerk in the Regis-
ter's department, and that which attached to "the
performance of the duty of Register. That is the
question. I wish the committee to understand
that it is not a pioposilion, as has been argued,
to allow both salaries.
Mr. McMULLlN. My colleague will permit
me to correct him. I understand my colleague
as stating the proposition, that the claim now be-
fore the House is not that Mr. Nourse or Mr.
Dickins .shall receive two salaries, but that the
person performing the services of the higher po~-
sition shall receive the salary of that higher
position. Now t desire to know of my colleague
if the gentlemen whose positions Mr. Nouise
and Mr. Dickins occupied, were not in receipt of
their own salaries while Mr. Dickins and Mr.
Nourse received the salaries of the lower offices ?
I desire to understand whether the Government
is expected to pay the two salaries when the ser-
vice; was performed by but one individual ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I stated, as dis-
tinctly as I knew how, that the question was not
between double salaries and single salaries, but
between the higher and the lower salaries; that
where a man performed the duties of Secretary
of State and those of chief clerk m addition, the
ques^m was, whether he should be compensated
withTiie salary of Secretary of State or that of
chief clerk?
Mr. SEWARD. Does not the gentleman's
view of the ease conflict with that of the Court
of Claims?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia., I will answer all
these interruptions seriatim; my argument pro-
poses to answer them. J commenced in the open-
ing of my remarks by statin# distinctly to this
committee, that I looked on the decisions of the
Court of Claims as making prima facie cases; that
I did not recognize them as conclusive; that we
were to weigh them, and revise them, and decide
accordingly. We are a court of appeals from
that court; and while I would give the benefit of
any doubts I might have in favor of the court's
decision, yet I would not allow myself to be con-
trolled by its decision when it was wrong. This
is my position; and in treating this question, I
am so doing with reference distinctly to my im-
pression of an error on their part m their adjudi-
cation of this and the preceding case. 1 have no
difficulty on this subject whatever; antl I have
merely adverted to it, because it has been referred
to by others who have already engaged in this
debate.
Mr. Chiairman, 1 propose now to trace the
various piovisions of law beaming on this case.
First, I call the attention of the committee to the
act of 1792. That act, in providing for the organ-
ization of the Government, after providing for
the appointment of heads to the different Depart-
ments, gives to the President the power, in case
of the death, sickness, or absence from the seatof
Government of either of them, to appoint substi-
tutes. The appointment is not with the head of
the Department; it is with the President. The
eighth section of that act is as follows:
1,4 8. And bjfet farther enarted, That in case of flic
death, absence hom the seat of Government, or sickness
o( the r<?t«u\ oi Htate, f-Veietary of the Treasury, Oi of
tin- Secretary oi the Wai Depaitment, or of any officer of
either of the said Department:-, whose appointment w not m
the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform the dunes
of th'':r -\ud lope-'Uve offices}, it sdiall be Jnwfrii for the
President of the United States, iu case iie >hall think it
noees-.aiv, to authorize any person orpersons, at lus discre-
tion, to perform the duties of the said respective office,
until n successor he appointed, or until such absence,*iel<-
iiots^, or inability by sickness, shah cease."1—1 Statutes at
Lar ey 261.
The committee will perceive, then, the source
or fountain of authority from which these claims
have sprung. The President, in the performance
of his duty under this eighth section, appointed
Asbury Dickins in one case, and Michael Nourse
