1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sn
I have only to say, in reply to aueh an argu-
ment as that, that, with my knowledge of the
gentleman's sentiments of justice, I was amazed
to hear it. Shall I refuse to^J justice to one man
because it will set a precedent by which another
may be authorized to demand itr No, sir. If it is
right to give to this man because of the character
of his services and claims, I shall vote for it r£
justitia. I am willing, perfectly willing, to allow
the minnows to feed irf this great ocean. I will
do justice, no matter what may be the conse-
quence. If I am wrong, I hope gentlemen will
show in what my error consists. But I do con-
fess, and it may be that my obtusencss is to
blame, that I cannot see the difference between a
vacancy and a temporary absence—between an
appointment to office, wnh all its legitimate con-
sequences, and authority given to perform all its
duties. There may he a difference between the
words " appoint" and " authorize;'5 but in my
judgment, in effect, and I have experience to bear
me out, they are exactly the same.
Mr. Chairman, I am, for one, desirous of giving
a fair and liberal consideration to claims upon this
Government. AVe are rich—unfortunately too
rich. It is one of the greatest calamities of the
day that we have a ful1 and overflowing Treasury,
But I will go into no argument on that question
now. I would deal with the claimants on this
Government in a spirit of fairness and justice.
I would deal with them exactly as I would with
my creditors were I possessed of an ample for-
tune; and, in the cases under consideration, to
refuse these claimants the salaries of the higher
offices for the time they discharged their duties,
is, in my opinion, not at all in conformity with
thedignity or the judicious and enlightened frugal-
ity of an honorable nation. What is proposed to
be given, is only quantum meruit. I shall vote for
nothing more.
I have adverted to the mere technicalities made
use of by those who oppose these claims. My
colleague [Mr. Letcher] lias indulged in them.
I might quote Shakspeare on him. 1 might say,
as Lady Macbeth said:
" My lord is often thu«,
And bath been fiom Ins j outh."
But he is a man eminently beneficial to the legis-
lation of the country. 11 is steady vigilance has
frevented the payment of many unjust claims.
n tfcas case, however, 1 must beg to differ with
him. I insist that, morally and legally, we are
called on to pay ^Lese men for performing the
important functioiralroady stated, the salary of
the higher position which they temporarily filled.
I can see no good reason why we should call on
these chief clerks to discharge these extra and
heavy duties gratuitously. Would the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] who comes from
the sunny South, where they are liberal and
generous—would he be illiberal and ungenerous
enough to refuse these men compensation for
duties faithfully and efficiently discharged?
Mr. Chairman, having thus unexpectedly and
hastily stated my views of«the pending question,
I yield the floor.
Mr. TODD moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Niciiols reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had, according
to order, had the Private Calendar under consid-
eration, and particularly a bill (C. C. No. 8) for
the relief of Michael Noufc-se, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. TODD moted that all debate in Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the bill for the relief
of Michael Nourse be closed in ten minutes after
its consideration should be again resumed.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] who reported the bill,
be entitled to an hour in committee to close the
debate ?
The SPEAKER. Ho will.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TODD then moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and demanciW tellers on that mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wakeman
and MiLLsoir were appointed. ,
The question was taken4, and^he tellers rc-
ported—ayes 99, noes 20.
So the motion was agreed to. *
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr.-Nichols
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Michael Nourse.
Mr. HA.VEN. I desire a few words in re-
! gaid to the two statutes which my friend from
| Virginia has road to the House this morning; but
j 1 notify the committee I do not intend to argue
| this case of Michael Nourse, as I know nothing
I of ii, or of the facts connected with it. What I
shall say is intended only to have a bearing upon
| the case of Asbury Dickins, which has been be-
I fore the House for some time, and which both
the Committee of Claims and the Court of Claims
inform us depends upon the same questions as
this case.'
I understand my friend from Virginia, in reply
to my remarks the other day, as abandoning tho
grounds ho formerly stood upon, and on which
the CommUt.ee of Claims based their report in tho
case of Mr. Dickins, and as taking a new position,
and relying upon the ninth section of a statute
of 1818. Oil this occnsion he introduces to the
House two other statutes, and relies upon them
to overturn the decision of the court in regard to
the part of these services performed after their
passage;. I shall read them to the House for the
purpose of showing tho House, at least so far as
1 caivjudge from the hasty examination I have
been enable'd to give to them, that the gentleman
is equally tame, and lias in no respect strength-
ened his positions by citing them. And first, in
regard to the statute of]842, he seems to think,
and justly, that it is the strongest statute on the
subject in his favor, and comes ne;icovering
his case than any other. 1 agree that it does, ami
yet it does not cover it. The twelfth section of
that act says:
(tJind !'C it j Hither cnot tc<l, Tlial no nllnwrim-p ot rompon-
Kitiuii s*hall bo iikkIo to .my cieik, 01 oihei oiho-r, hv iri mhi
Di llio (Jinchiiiijc oi'duur^ which belong to an\ oihei < lei k 01
ollVoi m the same 01 nnv oiIum [)<■}>.uimcnt; ami do allow
auce or compensation shall he made foi any extra peiviocs
whatever which any eleik or othm oJhcor may ho icquucil
to peilonn."—Statutes at Lar^Ct vol. 5, p. «r>-2f).
Now, the language of this statute is to be ob-
served; it is that" no allowance or compensation
shall be paid to any clerk or other officer oy reason
of the discharge of duties which belong to any
other clcrk." Ay, sir, that is where the argu-
ment halts. That, is the very error upon which
the argument upon the other side is constructed.
The, duties of Asbury Dickins as Secretary of
State did not belong to any other clerk. They .
belonged to him not as clerk, but us Secretary of j
State ad interim, lie was appointed according
to law. The statute of 179:2 provides, in sub-
stance, that the President may authorize him to
perform the duties of the office of Secretary of |
State; and when he has so selected and authorized 1
him by his commission, and the regular Secre-
tary of State is absent, the duties of the office are '
his duties peculiarly under the law, and not the J
duties of any other clerk or any other officer what- j
ever. If any other clerk comes into that office :
and undertakes to interfere with him, or to con- j
trol him, he has the light,moltiter manm imposnit, '
to put him out of the place, and keep hnn out j
of his presence: the place is then his [dace, the i
responsibility is his responsibility, the power is \
his power,and the emoluments and pay aiethen i
his emoluments and pay. No man can properly j
interfere with him, while the constitutionally ap- i
pointed Secretary of State is absent,, or incapable !
of performing the duties of the office. When he ;
returns, or is again able to perform the duties, ;
they cease under the law to be, the duties of the
officer ad interim, and henceforth are the duties of
the constitutional appointee, and he resumes them,
and performs them.
That is all there is of this twelfth section of
the"act of 1842. The gentleman seems to forget
that when a man is appointed according to law,
and when the law has cast or devolved the duties
of a certain office or place upon him, in perform-
ing those duties he is not discharging the duties
| of another, but is discharging his own duties,
, under his own responsibility to the law by which
j he is so appointed, and by which he is entitled to
; pay and compensation. Gentlemen shall not drive
! us into a false position upon the Dickins case if
: I can avuid it. They undertake to cry us down,
, because, they say, we give double pay. The way
j that h to be prevented,sir, is by.legislatingagainst
pluiahty of offices; and if my friends will not let
a man have doubjo pay, they should not let him
hold a plurality of offices or places. ■ • > ■ * •
One word more in reference to that twelfth .sec-
tion: • -
" No allowance or compensation shall be made for dis-
charging tne (iuiios which belong to any other clerk' or
officer in the same of any other Dcpartui'iul., and no allow-
ance or compensation shall be made for any extra serrkes
ivtinterer "-hick any clerk or other officer may be required to
perform." '
These are not " extra services." They are legiti-
mate services belonging to the office, cast bylaw
upon the officc, and which the man holding the
office is, by law, bound to perform, not us extra
services, but as the regular services pertaining t<5
the office, the failure to perform which is a mis-
demeanor. The House has always given" com-
pensation for such services as these. There are
regular services in the • °.gular and legitimate line
of the office, which the man authorized and com-
missioned by the President in pursuance of tho
ninth section of the act of 17D2 fills for the time
being.
Extra services are services which a man is not,
by law, bound to perform—services not legally
cast upon him—but performed for the general
public convenience. Wo have frequently paid
for such services. I remember several cases
where clerks have worked beyond, and out of, '
office hours, making maps in regard to tho public
lands, answering calls of the Houses of Congress,
and similar eases; but this is not any such case;
j and no gentleman here, I think, fails to sec the
' distinction.
I will join gentlemen here who make complaint
of paying moil for the performance of the duties
of two offices, in disabling them by law from
holding the two offices.
The issue between us now is, what do we owe
this applicant according to existing laws ?—not
whrt®*-r the laws existing when these services
were performed wore the best tj$ti could be ? Do
we owe, and will we pay, a legal claim upon us.'—
and not whether we will change the law so that
no such claims can be made upon us in future!
The opponents of this claim waste their time in
withholding a debt legally due by statute, which
they ought to be employing in enacting a statute
to prevent such a claim in the future; and I can-
not allow them to change the issue I make with
them.
Now, it so happens, there are two statutes,
passeil after the services in this case were per-
formed, which are exactly in point, and which
break up the system of plurality in particular
cases which are referred t.o therein. The first one
is 9 United States Statutes at Large, page 370,
section 4. It was approved March'3, J84D, and
it provides that "no clerk or other officer shall
receive the salary of any Secretary or head of
bureau for acting or having acted in his placo
or office while said Secretary or head of bureau
receives such salary." Now, sir, that is in point,
and covers such cases as this happening after its
enactment. The other statute is in the same vol-
ume, page 542, and is as follows:
" For the payment to Richard Ru-h of the balance ascer-
tained to be due hy ihc accounting officers of the Treasury,
lor liw «,ilarv a* Attorney General of the United State?, to
the satisfaction of winch thereisnoappiopriation,,<?2o9 50,"
fTe discharged tho duties of Attorney General
ad interim in Mr. Wirt's absence or inability; and
he was paid just as the court propose we shall
pay Mr. Dickins. Then comes the proviso which
I read as covering such claims as this forservicea
after its passage:
" Prodded,however, That hereafter the proper accounting
ufTieers of the Treasury, oi any mher pay officer of the Uni-
ted Wt.ucs, -jhali in no ease allow or pay to one individual
the salaries of two different offices on account of having
performed the duties thereof at the same tune."
This law was approved the 30th of September,
1850.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAVEN. I propose to offer to amend the
motion of tho gentleman from Ohio so that this
committee shall recommend the House to concur
with the Court of Claims instead of with the Com-
mittee of Claims. I believe that motion entitles
me to five minutes more.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order at this time. The gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Taylor] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. Ieisontirely legitimate to debate
amendmentsunderthefive-mmuterule; and when-
