.512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
ever the gentleman from Louisiana gets the floor,
he can make his hour speoch.
Mr. TAYLOR. When the ten minutes fixed
for the termination of debate expires, am I not
then entitled to tile floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment of the gentleman from New
York is not in order at this time, and that the
gentleman from Louisiana is entitled to the floor
to.makehis hour speech, and close debate. After
that amendments and five-minute speeches will be
in order.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman from Louis-
iana will permit me, and no objection is made, I
would like five rhinutes more to finish my remarks.
Mr. TAYLOR yielded, and there was no ob-
jection.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to conclude a
sentence or two on which I was engaged. Con*
gress, in granting payment to Mr. Rush, under
precisely the same circumstances in reference to
the Attorney General's office in which Mr. Dick-
ins stands in reference to the office of the Secre-
tary of State and Secretary of the Treasury,
enacts the proviso and makes the law I have just
read.
Now, that provision, I agree, meets the precise
case. It is the plaster for which my fnend from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has been so long hunt-
ing, and which exactly fits the sore m this case,
that he is so faithfully endeavoring to doctor and
heal. Prom that time, which was September 30,
1850, I agree, any man who has held two offices,
and discharged the duties of both, in the same
Department or otherwise, under the Govern-
ment, is not entitled to pay for more than one of
these offices. The statute says so in terms.
These two statutes, one in 1849, and the other in
1850, are the first statutes which we find on our
Btatute-books against pluralities of office^and
although the tweUih section of the statute 00842
only provides, aJn said before, against extra com-
pensation, &c., (and that is not tins case at all,)
for performing the duties of any other clerk or
officer, the statute of 1850 comes down to the
point of providing against paying to any man
compensation for more than one office, although
he may have discharged the duties of two at the
same time. Alter the statute of 1850 bears upon
them, these gentlemen claimants must retire.
They are not entitled to more than pay for one
office after that, in my judgment. And I think
tiiis committee will see (although I did not intend
to say anything in reference to Noursc's case)
that the court was quite correct in saying that the
statutes of 1839 and 1842 have no application
whatever to the case under consideration.
The statute of 18.39 does not aid the Committee
of Claims, or my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] any more than the statute of IM2.
The statute of 1839, which he cites, provides:
"Thatno officer in ;my branch of Uio public service, or
any othor person, whoso salai y, pay, or emoluments, is or are
' fixed by law, shall rcceivo any extra allowance or compen-
sation in any form whatovci, for the disbursement of public
money or the performance of any public service, unless the.
said allowance or compensation shall be authorized by law."
Why, sir, that is the very question: whether
the compensation in this case is authorized by law
or not ? That is all we have been arguing here
since this debate commenced—whether by law,
previous to 1849, a man who held two offices
and performed the duties of both was entitled to
pay for both ? And it is begging the question to
place this statute in our face and ask us to concede
tho whole ground. I shall be very glad when
these claims lor pay under a plurality of offices
are run oil'and used up; but I think the obligation
lvsts upon us—up to September, 1850, when the
statute passed in reference to Hush, if not from
1849— to pay the man who had performed the
duties; and that is what gentlemen ought to direct
thcirattentlou to instead of coming here and com-
plaining ih.tt the law ought not to be what it is.
My friend fiom Ohio, the other day, (who was
so sadly stricken during his remarks,) argued
against these practices; 1 am only asking that the
Government shall perform the obligations that
are clearly cast upon it, and not undertake to
avoid those obligations by clamoring against the
laws under which they arise. All I contendforis
legal and correct construction. That gentleman
admonished me that heretofore he had seen my
former law-partner, as he designated him, (Mr.
Fillmore,) stand where I did, and declaim against
such exactions upon the Treasury. Sir, Mr,
Fillmore \^as the author of the law of 1842 against
extra compensation and oxtra pay for extra ser-
vices, and he was right. I stand now where he
stood 'then; and I only regret that the gentleman
from Ohio did not then unite with him, and pro-
vide against one man holding two offices. In that
event, most of this debate would have been unne-
cessary.
Mr. TAYLOR Mr. Chairman, the members
who have taken a part in this debate have referred
to the case of Asbury Dickins in connection with
the one now before the committee. In what I
have to say I shall refer to the two cases as they
have done. The task which is imposed upon me
from my position is an invidious one. I stand
here as the opposer of the bills which make these
allowances. The persons in whose favor they
are proposed are, beyond all doubt, gentlemen of
great merit. They aregentlemen who have passed
a great length of time ill the public service. They
are men for whom I have the highest respect, and
they are men in whoso favor I would; be willing
to do all that could be done by myself with pro-
priety for the purpose of promoting their interests,
personal or pecuniary.
But, Mr. Chairman, the examination I have
given to the subject presented has compelled me
to arrive at a conclusion opposed to, that sanc-
tioned by the Court of Claims, and which seems
to be favored by the gentlemen who have spoken
in favor of these bills. Before entering on the
argument I will refer to something which fell but
now from tho gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven.] "Prom what the honorable gentleman
said, one might infer there was a disposition to
not allow him the benefit of the fact, that the acts
of 1839 and 1849 were passed after tho whole
claim of Mr. Lhclnns originated—for that is the
claim which he has taken more particularly under
his guardianship. For one I have no such dis-
position. He considers that the argument against
such claims must necessarily be founded on those
two acts, or some other of the character of that
of 1850, which he read to the committee. My
views on this subject are totally different from
his; and I shall meet him fairly, and attempt to
show that, apart from any or all such acts, there
is no foundation whatever for the claims under
consideration.
The question is, is there any right or propriety
in making this allowance ? The facts are simply
these: Mr. Dickins, who was chief clerk in the
Department of the Treasury at one time, and in
the Department of State at another, presents a
claim for the payment, in addition to the salary he
received as chief clerk, of various sums, to which
he says he is entitled,equivalent in amountto the
salary attached to the offices of Secretary of State
and Secretary of the Treasury for the particular
periods he had been assigned to the discharge of
their duties. By reference to his accounts it will
be discovered that there is one particular period of
time for which Mr. Dickins was paid the compen-
sation of the higher office. That fact was referred
to by my friend from Virginia [Mr. Smith] as
conclusive in favor of his position. That fact, in
my opinion, authorizes the opposite conclusion;
and if the gentleman had investigated the facts,
he probably would have doubted the soundness
of the construction he himself placed on it. It has
been the practice, since the foundation of this Gov-
ernment, when an inferior officer has been called
to perform the duties of a higher office at a time ,
when that office was vacant, to pay the inferior
officer the compensation of the higher officer. I
During all the periods that j\sbury Dickins ;
acted in the discharge of the functions of Seen;- |
tary of the Treasury and Secretary ol'State, there i
was but one period when the office of the Secre- j
tary of the Department m which he was chief j
clerk was vacant. In the year 1831, he was as- !
signed by the President to the discharge of the .
duties of the office of Secretary of the Treasury. '
At that time the office was vacant, because of the
retirement of Mr. S. D. Ingham, I believe. It con-
tinued vacant several months, when it was filled
by the appointment of Louis McLane. During
that period Mr. Dickins received the salary at-
tached to the office of Secretary of the Treasury.
It was paid to him, and the salary for the infe-
rior office which he really held was doducted
during that time; and- now, Mr. Chairman, allow
me to make an assertion—and it is an assertion I
make after having made an investigation of the
whole subject—after having conversed with the
heads of the different Departments—that since
the foundation of thg||,Government. to the present
time, there have notbeen more than three or four
instances in which there have been allowances of
a character similar to those now claimed—I mean
an allowance made when an inferior officer was
assigned to the discharge of the duties of a higher
office whilst that higher office was filled; and
those instances were of an extraordinary char-
acter—of a kind which took them out of the gen-
eral rule.
There are provisions of law regulating the pay-
ments to be made to officers in the military and
naval services of the country, when those of one
grade are assigned, in the absence of superior
officers, at particular stations or posts, to perform
the services of grades above them. No such pro-
visions have been made with respect to the civil
department; but it has been the established prac-
tice in these departments, when an officer was
assigned to the discharge of the duties of a higher
office, and the office was vacant, that he should
be paid the salary of the higher office only; and
when the office was not vacant he received no
additional or other compensation beyond that
attached to his own office.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will refer to what has
fallen from different gentlemen in the course of
this discussion. I will attempt to show that
they have fallen into the errors which they have
imputed to their opponents; and then I shall
attempt to show the grounds on which this ques-
tion ought to rest—grounds of principle and of
policy which in my view cannot be impugned
without danger to the institutions of the country
The honorable gentleman from New York [Mr
Haves] who opened this discussion, began by
declaring that his impression would have been
against the proposed bill, and that probably, if it
had not been for its being the creature—the off-
spring of the Court of Claims, he should have
been disposed to vote against it. And he said
that lie looked on the Court of Claims as a tri-
bunal of such a character, whose action was
entitled to so much weight that its decisions ought
not to be overruled unless they were manifestly
wrong. He seemed to erect that tribunal into a
higher one than exists in any country, certainly
than exists in our own. He seemed to consider
that that tribunal was one created for the purpose
of ridding Congress of its exti'Mrdinary labors. If
that gentleman would take th™rouble to examine
the act creating the Court of Claims, he would
discover that it was intended to be subsidiary to
Congress; that it was designed to afford facilities
to members of Congress in the discharge of
their duties when they are called on to acftninister
private justice. He would have discovered that
tho provisions of that act assigned to it the inves-
tigation of thefacts, and an expression of opinion
touching the merits of the claims sent to them;
and that the court was to report to Congress,
stating the material faats which they found estab-
lished by the evidence, with their opinion in the
case, and the reasons upon which such opinion
was founded; and that, with the reports, they
were also to transmit the testimony m each case
to Congress for their decision. He would have
discovered that, from the very character of the
act—from its whole tone and tenor, the court cre-
ated was designed to be an inferior court; that
we weie not to be a tifbunal merely to register
its decrees, but that we were to be the appellate
court, with power to revise its decisions and cor-
rect its errors.
_ Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from New
York seemed to regard the decisions of this inferior
court as if they were clothed with a peculiar sanc-
tity. He declared, in so many words, that they
were of so sacred a character—of so peculiar a
quality—that they were not to be touched or re-
vised, unless they were manifestly and flagrantly
wrong. Oh, no. If you do not agree with the
court—if you doubt the soundness of tlieir con-
clusions—you must not give expression to this
disagreement—to th(♦louht. It will destroy the
utility of the court. This, sir, is not the principle
upon which appellate tribunals should act. It is
their duty to investigate every case coming from
an inferior cgua't; and when they differ from that
court, it is tlrajj duty to say and reverse their
decisions; and'I will now make fcis,simple
