THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,
    —     —   ■"*
New Series,, . *No. 35".
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1857.
remark: if that gentleman should be transferred to
the bench of the highest court in his native State—
a station to which he may well aspire—and he
carried upon it the principle which ho has avowed
h+ire, he might stop or derange the administra-
tion of justice among her citizens; for a gentle-
man of his known capacity, and of his weight of
character, maybe able to clog the judicial wheels
end stop the car of justice, in the same manner
that a powerful horse when harnessed in a team
in which there are other animals, if hu happens
to labor under a mistaken sense of duty, and takes
the studs, and holds back when he ought to go
forward, may stop the whole wagon.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable member from
sNew York asserted that the committee was in
«rror in saying that there was no instance since
the foundation of the Government in which a
person, under the law of 1792, had ever been
assigned to the discharge of duties of the different
heads of Departments, out of those Departments,
and he seemed to glorify himself amazingly when
,5*e alluded to the fact, that under different Admin-
istrations a head of one Department had been
called upon to perform the duties of another at
various times, when referring to the statement
of the committee in their report on this point, he
■says, " Here is great obliviousness of the history
rAnd action of the Government." Did it not occur
to the gentleman, that the executive department
of tins nation is one—that it is single—that under
the Constitution there is but one Executive? It
is (rue—and ihat is the view the rommittep take
of tlve subject—by the legislative authority of
the nation the executive power is to be exercised
through the instrumentality of various Depart-
ments, as seems to have been contemplated by
the Constitution itself. But no matter through
how many Departments that power may be ex-
ercised—no matter into how many subdivisions
it may bo broken, the President in person is the
only functionary who exercises any authority, or
who gives validity to any act. In the different
^ Departments of the Treasury, of State, of War, of
the Navy, it is the President, and the President
, alone, who speaks through his agents—agents
wlnrli the law has created under the authority of
4lw Constitution. All the persons who exert any
, of,the executive power are, under the law, his
agents—deputies if you will; for the Constitu-
tion declares that " the executive power shall be
vested in the President." The committee, there-
fore, in my judgment, was not in error when it
said that there was no instance from the founda-
tion of the Government in which a person, under
the act of 1792, had ever been assigned to the
• discharge of duties of the heads of Departments,
• who was not in the public service in the very De-
partment where the duties were to be performed.
•*!They were all in the executive department, for
there is no instance in which a single person has
been called upon, under the authority of the act
of 1792, to perform any such function, unless he
was either ni an inferior or in a higher position
' in one of the divisions of the executive depart-
ment of the Government, as contradistinguished
from the legislative and the judiciary.
- But the gentleman from New York asserted
that the committee were clearly in error when
they said that no other person than one in the ex-
ecutive service of the country couid be appointed,
because the language of the statute of 1792 was
general; and he asserted that the President might
appointaiiy otherperson. Now, if the gentleman
will recur to the report of the committee, he will
find that the position of the committee was this:
21-01 that under a fair and proper construction of
the act of 1792, no person couid be legitimately,
assigned, by the President of the United States,
to discharge the duties of the heads of any of the
Departments who was not'in one of those De-
partments. No, but that no one could be author-
ized so to-act who was not in the public service.
The expression in the report was that there had
been no instance, in which a person had been
selected under the authority of the act of 1792,
"by the selection of a--person not then in the
33
public service, anil in the very Department where
the duties were to be performed." And if the
gentleman from New York will make use of his
usual acumen, and if he will invoke the ordinary
principles which apply to the construction of
statutes, he will arrive at the same conclusion.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment? I would not do so,
but he is making a wrong impression. The com-
mittee in terms, in the irYcport, say not only that
usual discretion would warrant the selection for
office in that way, hut they use this language:
uNor is it conceivable (hut 11 would lie exercised in any
other manner."
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman would look
at the report he would find that the expression is,
"in the public service." I have looked at the
report this morning, ami am perfectly certain of
Us language.
But now let me call the gentleman's attention
to a particular consideration. When a statute is
passed it is to be understood in a manner which
can give it effect. This Government is one of
law. The different Departments of the Govern-
ment are created by law. All of the functions
imposed upon them are to lie discharged as offi-
ces. The Constitution of the United States de-
clares that every ollicer who discharges any duty
or function under its authority shall take an oath.
] It is not conceivable th.it any peisun should lie
] assigned by the Piesident of the United States
j to discharge the functions of an office created by
; law, unices that person is under the obligation of
I an oath to support the Constitution of the United
I States, as it is declared m the Constitution all
1 officers shall be.
! It is known there are instances in which indi-
viduals discharge the duties of particular offices
of which they are not the proper incumbents.
Some of those instances are familiar to all who
are acquainted with ou; courts of justice, or with
ordinary judicial proceedings. That is the'ease
with the office of cleik. There may be a deputy
clerk. That is the case with the office of mar-
shal. There may he a deputy marshal, liutun-
less the law provides that there shall be authority
to administer an oath to a deputy, he takes 110
oath. There is 110 extiaordinary authority which
will empower one to take a step which the law
itself does not provide for or contemplate. With
respect to a marshal tilery is a legal provision.
The deputy is compelled to take an oath before
he can act. With respect to many other officers
there is 110 such provision, and there is no pro-
vision for it in instances of the kind under con-
sideration; and I will venture to assert that there
never was an instance in which a person holding
ail acting authority was ever known to take an
oath of office. And now let me ask: can any
enter upon the discharge of any office, even though
it be a second one, without taking the oath re-
! quired by the Constitution?
j Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 will come to the exam-
ination of the question presented by these claims,
i I will look at it from two points of view; because
it must be remembered that the matter which we
1 shall be called upon to decide in the House is of
i a double character—really involves two questions.
I In the first place, we had under consideration the
, ease of Asbury Dickins, as it came from the
Court of Claims, in which the Court of Claims
| declare that he is entitled by law, first, to the
; compensation which the law has attached to the
: place of chief clerk; and next, to the compensa-
! tion which the law has attached to the office of Sec-
j retary of the Treasury or Secretary of State, and
; that he shall take them both together. Then the
j gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Pennington]
j presented, as an amendment to this proposition,
I the bill coming from the Senate, which provides
that he shall not bo entitled to this double compen-
sation, but that he shall receive the salary of the
higher office while he acted for the officer filling
it; or, in other words, that he should be paid the
difference between his compensation as chief clerk,
which has already been paid to him, and that
which was attached to the office of Secretary.
The first question which I will examine Will be'as
to the propriety of our giving assent to the prop-
osition contained in the act coming from the Court
of Claims. Shall we act on the prii^iple asserted
by the Court of Claims, and accoro. to Asbury
Dickins and to Michael Nourse, in addition to
the compensation which was paid to them for the
inferior offices which they held, the compensation
to which they would have been entitled if they
had actually held the offices of the superior grades?
There has been a good deal said, Mr. Chair-
man, aboutspccialenactmentsofCongress. There
has been but little reference to principle. For
myself, I consider that what Congress has said
one day may be unsaid the next; that any pro-
vision which Congress has made on any subject
yesterday may be overruled to-day, that a good
practice of yesterday may be overturned by a bad
jjractice of to-day. But, sir, while it is true that
u good practice may be overturned' by a bad
practice, I hold that it is not only right for us,
but that it is our duty, to overturn a bad practice
by a good one, when we have an opportunity.
In this instance, however, there has been 'no
genera] practice to give the sanction to clairas df
the kind now under consideration, and we come
to the examination of the principle involved in
the decision of the Court of Claims, without
being trammeled by any remarkable succession
of bad precedents. What is that decision ? What
is the principle involved in it? The gentleman
from New Yoik seemed to think that that prin-
ciple, because it had lieen once recognized by a
decision—not of the Supreme Court of the United
States, but of the gentleman who presides over
it as chief justice at circuit—must therefore be
assented to and deemed correct.
Sir, all the questions which come before the
Congress of the United States, no matter even if
they do grow out of claims preferred by private
individuals, have something in them of a political
character. Their determination depends upon the
exercise of the legislative rather than the judicial
power of the nation; and I, for one, believe in the
existence of 110 binding precedents upon our ac-
tion. A Congress in existence is never bound by
the action of the Congress before it, or of that of
any previous Congress. No decision is to be rec-
ognized and revered by us unless that decision be
right. I do not yield to any member on this floor,
or to any man within the limits of this nation, in
respect for the distinguished person who presides
over the judiciary of the United States. I have
for Judge Taney not only a very great respect, but
a high reverence. lie is an able and an eminent
judge. He has discharged the high duties in-
trusted to him with an impartiality,\vith a vigor,
with an extent of learning, and with an ability
which merit praise, and which even command ail-
miration, Rut, sir, to err is human; and judges,
like other men, are fallible. 1 conceive that the
Chief Justice was mistaken when he rendered that
decision; and when I say so, not only do I intend
110 disrespect, but I do him no discourtesy; for,
Mr. Chairman, it should be recollected (and I trust
I may draw an illustration from the same class of
animals to which I was before indebted for one,
without being guilty of an impropriety) that the
high-spirited, noble, and generous horse, some-
times makes missteps and stumbles, and that it is
the mule alone that never does.
Now allow me to examine the principles in-
volved in this decision, and I think that I will be
able to satisfy the House that it has no foundation
in law, and is entitled to no respect. If members
will refer to the decision of the Court of Claims,
and to the arguments addressed to it, what will
they find ? They will find that the principle^ in-
volved 111 this decision—and the single principle
on which it is based—is this: that where a per-
son is called upon, no matter how, to perform
certain acts, there is a contract, express or im-
plied, between him and the person addressing
him; and that in consequence of the existence
of such a contract he becomes entitled to a com-
pensation for what he does. Mr. Chairman, that
principle ia true with respect to certain contracts;
