1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
the position of tiie President, would he allow him
the full salary of the President?
Mr. TAYLOR. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States provides that, in certain contingencies,
the Vice President shall succeed to the office of
President. If- the gentleman had read the Con-
stitution with exactness, he would have found
that there is another clause which says, that in
otliercases provision shall be made by law. Now,
when the Vice President succeeds to the place of
President, he is entitled to the salary attached to
the office by law, if the President is dead, or has
fallen into such a state of disability that the office
is vacant.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The clause of the
Constitution referred to is as follows:
" la case of the removal of the President from offlee, or
of ins death, sickness, or disability to discharge the powers
and duties of the said oflice, the same shall devolve 01) the
Vice President; and the Congress may, by law, provide for
the case of removal, death, resignation, or disability, both
of the President and Vice President, declaring what officer
shall then act as President, and such officer shall act accord-
ingly, until the disability be removed, or a President shall
t e elected."
So that this question is, suppose this disability
exists, and the Vice President takes his place pro
tempore, what salary would he be entitled to ?
Mr. TAYLOR. The language of the Consti-
tution is that, in such and such contingency, the
office shall devolve upon the Vice President.
When it does so he would become President in
fact; and if there is any other case, it would be
necessary to provide for it by law, because there
can be no money paid out of the Treasury unless
in pursuance of legal appropriations, and there
can be no claim unless it be founded upon law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Vice Presi-
dent performs the duties of President when the
Constitution devolves the office upon him. So
also does the person under consideration perform
the duties of (be higher office when the law de-
volves it upon him; and then he is entitled to
the compensation of that office.
Mr. 'IAYLOR. When the office of President
is " devolved" on the Vice President, in either of
the contingencies contemplated by the Constitu-
tion, the person who before filled the presidential
office, no longer, either de facto or dejure, fills that
office. Another person then fills it. The law has
attached but one salary to the office. One person
only can at the same time have a right to that
salary; and when the right to it has devolved
upon the person who was before Vice President
as an accessory and accompaniment of the pres-
idential office, devolved on him by the Constitu-
tion, there would be—there could be no right on
the part of the former incumbent of the Presi-
dency to any money out of the Treasury of the
United States, unless provision had been made to
give him a salary by a specific law.
I had intended to touch upon that subject. My
friend from Virginia [Mr. Smith] only jumped
ahead; and as is usual in such cases, he made a
useless jump. The question I wish now to touch
on is this: is Asbury Dickins entitled to any com-
pensation under the circumstances of the case ?
All mandataries, as I have already remarked, are
without any right to compensation unless the law
accords it. The law gives a certain salary to the
heads of these Departments, and the Constitution
provides how those offices shall be filled, in a par-
ticular manner. So long as they are filled accord-
ing to law, under the authority of the Constitu-
tion, the incumbents alone are entitled to receive
the reward which the lawgives to those occupying
the offices. Mr. Dickins and Mr. Nourse were
neither of them, in any sense, either Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or Register
of the Treasury. They held certain offices to
w3iir.li the law attached a certain compensation.
Long before they filled either of those offices the
law had provided that the President of the United
States, under certain circumstances, should be
authonzed to assign particular individuals Jp per-
form all their duties.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman if he can inform the committee
whether Mr. Dickins was ever recognized as
Secretary of the Treasury by being called into
the Cabinet council? Did he ever give any in-
structions, or did he ever perform any duties as
Secretary, except the mere clerical duty of filling
up commissions, &.c.?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I can answer that
(juestion. He did, and here is the evidence of
it in my hand. I ask the gentleman from Louis-'
iana to read it.
Mr. TAYLOR. The chief clerk in each of the
Departments had certain duties to perform. He
was not a copying clork. He was not a clerk to
perform any of the, ordinary duties imposed on
mere ministerial officers. Before the creation of
the offices of Assistant Secretaries, a few years
since, and some time subsequent to the removal
of Mr. Dickins from the executive departments,
in which he served so long, and with such credit
to himself, the chief clerk in the Departments was
a sort of Assistant Secretary. It was a portion
of his ordinary duty to make out the State papers
of the Department; and it is well known that, in
point of fact, the chief clerks made out a large
portion of the State papers, when the Secretary
himself was in his office, and at the head of his
Department.
Mr. CADWALADER. As I shall probably
vote with the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Taylor,] I feel myself constrained, as an act of
justice, to say that he is, in my opinion, entirely
mistaken in his estimate of the charactcrand value
of the services of Mr. Dickins as a public officer.
I have known him for twenty-seven years—long
enough to enable me to bear testimony to the im-
portance of his official services to the nation. I
am sure the gentleman from Louisiana would not
willingly depreciate them. He was a man ele-
vated in capacity far above the grade of an ordi-
nary clerk, and was therefoie the more frequently
called onto perform the duties of his official supe-
riors. I may, perhaps, before the close of the
debate, say something more upon the subject.
At present I wish it understood that, although I
am opposed in principle to the suggested allow-
ance, either on the looting of the bill reported
from the Court of Claims, or on the footing of
the proposed amendment, yet 1 believe that, if
any case could justly be made an exception from
the principle which I think ought to govern us
in legislating upon the subject, it is that of Mr.
Dickins. I would ask the gentleman from Louis-
iana if ho has read the diplomatic correspondence
of Mr. Dickins with Mr. G-orostiza, the Minister
from Mexico, which terminated our diplomatic
intercourse with that country, and an autograph
letter from President Jackson, evincing his unlim-
ited confidence in Mr, Dickins, and his approval
of his course as acting head of the State Depart-
ment at one of the most critical periods in our
foreign relations?
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot submit to be inter-
rupted any more. It consumes too much of my
time. 1 will read the letter which the gentleman
from Virginiadesired me to read. Itisas follows:
Department op State,
Washington, May 6,1835.
Bia : The Inter addressed by you to the Secretary of War
under date of the. Sfith ultimo, having been submitted by that
ofiicer to the President, he has directed me to inform you
that the Executive can take no step m the matter to which
it relates until he receives a eeititieate from the judieiaiy
of the Territory that its authority is put down by military
power, i am, sir, your obedient servant,
ABBUItY DICKINS, Jlcting Secretary.
To Stevcns T. Mamov, i:-(| ,
Jlcting Governor oj Michigan.
A true copy from the record.
W. HUNTER, Chief Clerk.
Now, allow me to remark that I have not only
seen the correspondence to which allusion was
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but
I have seen the correspondence of McCIintock
Young, as Acting Secretary also; and I must say
that if one were disposed to give Mr. Dickins the
benefit of a claim upon a quantum meruit against
the United States, he still could have no shadow
of right to compensation even if the claim were
addressed to the mere liberality of Congress. The
only difference which was made in the position
of thatgentleman at anytime by his appointment
as Acting Secretary was, that he had authority to
authenticate documents. It did not add a jot or
tittle to the duties imposed upon him. His labors
were not increased, nor were his expenses aug-
mented; nor was there any additional responsibil-
ity thrown upon him. In the absence of his Secre-
tary, the President acted in person; and the chief
clerk only executed his orders, as is very manifest
from the letter my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] has paraded before us with a very different
purpose.
And now let me refer to the action of Congress
on a memorable occasion—I say memorable, for
that action begot this claim, and many other
claims—as the action of this House upon this
occasion, if it sanctions either the bill from the
Court of Claims, or the Senate bill moved by
the gentleman front New Jersey, [Mr. Penning-
ton,] will give birth to a brood as multitudinous
as the numbers of the officers in the various De-
partments of the Government. By reference to
the account of Asbury Dickins, it will be found
that he rendered the different services for which
he claims from 1830 up to 1839; that an allowance
was made to him for one particular period when
the office was really vacant. He preferred no
claim for the other periods of his service under
acting orders, because it was the established cus-
tom of the Government to malto no allowance for
such services when the superior office was consti-
tutionally and legally filled, until 1849, when one
of these beautiful precedents came into bein^,
born from the conjunction, it is possible, of negli-
gence and good-feeling. Eut in that particular
case there was something of an excuse, though
there is not the shadow of one in this, according
to my judgment.
The case referred to was of thip character: a
gentleman who had been chief clerk in the office
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
for some thirty years—one who had grown old in
the public service, and who, when he retired from
it, was incapable of making a new future. That
was the case of John M. Moore; he made appli-
cation to Congress for extra compensation, based
upon the assertion that he had rendered extraor-
dinary services to the public in his day and gen-
eration. In support of that claim, (and it was a
claim addressed to the generosity of the House,)
it was shown that he had been chief clerk almost
from the establishment of the Department; that
he himself had framed nearly every regulation;
that he himself had written nearly every instruc-
tion issued to the various land offices throughout
the Union; that he himself had done all the im-
portant business of that office; and, as he was old,
and beyond service, it was thought liberal and
proper to give him a compensation. Those
labors, so set forth, were the regular and ordinary
labors of his office.
And what were the ordinary and usual labors
of the chief clerks in the Executive Departments ?
They write dispatches: they make investigations;
they study questions of international law; they
study questions of public policy. That is what
they were employed for; and while a Secretary
or a head of Department leaves his business, per-
haps to attend to his own private affairs, perhaps
to attend to' some other portion of the public busi-
ness, (for it happens not unfrecjuently that the
Secretary of the Treasury visits important ports,
that the Secretary of War visits some important
fortifications, and that the Secretary of the Navy
visits our navy-yards,) then the policy of the law
simply was, that a stop should not be put to the.
current business of the office; and therefore au-
thority was given to the President of the United
States to give some person the right to act as the
chief of the Department, in order that the papers
necessary to be signed might be authenticated.
And I will venture to say that not only were the
duties of Mr. Dickins not augmented during these
temporary departures of the Secretary, but that
they were in point of fact diminished. He then be-
came the incumbent of the office. He had men to
do his bidding. The responsibility resided where it
always does, in the President of theUnited States.
Headed ill person when the Secretary was away,
when it was necessary to act at the time; and when
there was no particular urgency, those portions
of the public business requiring the exercise of
capacity and the incurring of official responsibility
were laid over to be dispatched by him on his re-
turn. To my mind it is an absurdity to suppose
that the action of Mr. Dickins or of Mr. Nourse,
when the offices above them were filled, could
entitle them to any additional compensation. Our
system of government would be indeed imperfect
if, in its ordinary workings, cases were to arise
every day, from the very foundation of the Gov-
i crnment up to the present time, when various per-
i sons should be called from inferior offices to per-
i form the functions of higher ones under circum-
stances which increased their labors, and gave
I them an equitable claim upon the Government,
