516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
and yet that' no provision was ever made by law
to remedy the injustice. _
And, Mr. Chairman, these claims are not only
not supported by any considerations of equity,
but, in my judgment, their allowance is forbidden
by every principle of sound policy. Our Govern-
ment is one of law; and, as was observed by the
committee in their report,
" No one acquainted with our institutions can bo ignorant
that the fundamental principle—the principle on winch the
proper and successful working of the whole machinery of
Government depends—consists in the fact, that 110 office
.can be created, or right to claim compensation for services
can exist, under color of an exercise of executive power,
without warrant of positive law."
This passage of the report was quoted with
approbation by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haven] tn his opening speech. Is not this
strange when contrasted with his intended action
on the bill? What,I ask,istheprincipleinvolvcd
in making the allowances claimed' Is it not equiv-
alent to saying that any superior officer having the
control of subordinates of various grades, can, at
any time, by the mere exercise of his will, increase
the expenditures of the Government, withouttlie ,
warrant of law, by giving a right to individuals
to claim, and imposing an obligation 011 slie Gov- j
eminent to pay at any time, and with ivsjiect to ,
any officer, two salaries in place of one.' That is j
my understanding of the proposed action of that |
gentleman, and of those who support either of1
these bills; and for one, I am constrained to raise j
my voice against any action 011 the part of Con- ;
gross which sanctions, in 110 matter what degree, 1
a principle so pernicious m itself, and which might '
be pushed to the most fatal consequences. ;
Countenance the principle, Mr. Chairman, by \
approving these bills, and you not only open the j
door to a flood of claims of the same description, j
coming from every Department of the Govern- 1
nient, which will draw from the Treasury hun- j
dreds of thousands—perhaps millions of dollars,
to satisfy claims for services which were rendered
without any expectation or even hope of ever
receiving any compensation; but you iay a foun-
dation for tin1 gruwtli of thousands upon thou-
sands of oilier el,inns of a similar diameter in the
future. I know (hat the gentleman from New
Yorlc fiVTr. II avkvJ says 110 claims of this sort cim
grow up for the future, because the act of I KtO,
forsooth, is 011 your statute-book. Does not that
gentleman know that at several different periods
claimants like these have besieged Congress, and
gotten bills of a similar character through; and
that, aftcrvvards, Congress panned acts with a view
to prevent what, upon subsequent calm consider-
ation, was found to have been an abuse of the
legislative power? Ifgentlemen will recur to the
statute-book, they will find that the aets of IMS,
1831), 1842, and even the act of I8f)0, were enacted
after the passage of measures similar to these.
For my own part, 1 feel that the evil cannot be
corrected by the passage of particular statutes.
It, is to be corrected, if over, by the steady refusal
of members to pass such bills, 110 matter by what
influence or solicitation they arc sought to be car-
ried through. In accordance with that view, I
shall vote against these bills in every shape and
in all shapes.
If I know myself, Mr. Chairman, I have no
feeling on this subject. What I have said is the
result of my convictions as to my public duty.
I have discharged that duty imperfectly, it is true,
but to the best of my ability; and I now leave the
question to the decision of the committee, with
triis single remark. The question presented, it is
true, arises upon private bills; but it involves
principles of as great public importance as any
that will be likely to be brought before Congress
at this session; and that, in view of the public
importance of the decision we make upon it, it
well behooves members to take lieed to what they
do.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment to the bill:
Provided, That the wild iVoui^e shall not, in the adjustment
of his account by tin* oiFicers of the Treasury, be altowr-d
for any portion of tuny subsequent to the date of September
2, JW.
I have listened with a good deal of interest and
pleasure to the speech of my colleague,- [Mr.
Smith,] and particularly to that portion of it in
winch he undertook to demonstrate the propriety
or*adherence to precedents. Now, I believe that
about the value of precedents is to sanctify
eiTor; and, so far as ray colleague and myself are
concerned, he and I have, over and over again,
expressed sovereign contempt for precedents. If
you wanted to establish the fact that a United
States Bank would be constitutional, a precedent
could be relied upon to do it. You have the pre-
cedents here upon the statute-book—and not only
that, but you have the decision of the Supreme
Court to back them up. But, so far as I have
been concerned, I have always thought that the
legislative powers of theGovernmentwere powers
to be exercised without the slightest regard to
the precedents that may be on the statute-books.
Tn the language of the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Taylor,] I had supposed that when a
measure came up here for consideration, we were
not to look to see whether there were precedents
on a question of the same sort—but that we were
to look to the justice, to the absolute merit, to
the right of the case, and that we were to decide
it with reference to that right, and with reference
to that merit.
But my colleague tells us we ought to look to
precedents. ITe cites us a precedent which oc-
curred in 1801, and which we fmd paid in 1850.
Forty-nine years after the claim originated, it is
reported among the expenses of the Government
to have been discharged. Now, if that claim was
just, how can my colleague explain the cause of
delay for forty-rune years ? Why was it not de-
manded sooner? Why was it not paid sooner?
In this very case, if the money is fairly and justly
due under law, why was not the claim entered
until now, after so long an interval of time—from
1829 up to the present day?
I say, then, that when you come to look at the
case which has been presented here lor the con-
sideration of the House, you are to look at the
attendant circumstances to see what those circum-
stances were, in connection with the validity of
the claim and the propriety of its payment. Do
you imagine, Mr. Chairman, or does any gentle-
man in thiy Houxc imagine, that there was an
understanding, at the time these duties were per-
formed by Mr. Dickins or by Mr. Nourse, that
they were to receive compensation for their ser-
vices, either in proportion to the higher offices or
in any other way whatsoever? We know, sir,
that when money is due for services rendered, that
money is claimed, and particularly by those who
hold office; for, as a general rule, most of them
are poor. They cannot afford to he out of the
money. If they have a legal title to it they
assert that claim,and the law assigns the amount
which may be due. But the attendant circum-
stances in these cases (and even the memorial of
Mr. Difkins himself shows in his case) show
that they did not legard this money as due to
them. Air. Diekms comes up and pleads the pre-
cedent of McCImtoek Young as an authority and
wanant for the ease on his pait.
It seems to me, then, to be clear that, so far as
these claims arc concerned, there was neither an
obligation on the part of the Government to pay,
nor an expectation on the part of the claimants
that they were to receive pay, at the time these
services were rendered. If that be so, is tins
House under any obligation ? On the contrary,
is it not bound to take the opposite course, and
not pay the claim? But I do'not hold to my col-
league's views in regard to my duty as a member
of this House on bills of tins sort. He pokes
Shakapeare at me, and tells me that f have, from
my youth, come up in hostility to all these claims.
Now let me tell you my notions about them. I
have a right to do as I please with my own money;
to spencl it for anything 1 desire; to apply it in
the way of gratuity, or to pay an individual who
claims a debt of me, beyond the amount of that
debt, if I choose: but when I ccme here as a Rep-
resentative, my idea is that I am bound to see that
these demands presented agamst the Government
are legal demands; that they are sustained by the
requisite amountof evidence; and that, until these
facts appear clearly and conclusively,it is my duty
(and that has been the rule of my action) to oppose
them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg to say that
my colleague has misapprehended me. The com-
mittee will recollect that my colleague, a few days
ago, urged that there was no precedent for this
bill; that it was new. I have only called his
attention to the fact that there are precedents for
it- that it is not a uovel case. I have done this—
not that I bow to precedent, though precedents
are entitled to respect, but to show that there
were many precedents to justify the House in the
present proposed action. We have the opinion
m its favor of Attorney General Legare, a man
of great private worth and noted legal attain-
ments. In this very case of Mr. Dickins, he was,
in 1831 > allowed a portion of the claim he now
presents to Congress. There was also the prece-
dent case of McClintock Young. I only refer to
these cases to meet the argument of my colleague,
and J think they meet it successfully. A s to heing
blindly bound to precedents, I do not think that
is one of my characteristics. But when I find a
succession of authorities, recognized as such in
the country, favoring the principle involved in
this bill, I am disposed to agree to it unless it is
manifestly improper and unwise.
My colleague is mistaken in another thing. He
imagines that I aecused him of making carping
objections against all claims. I did no such thing.
I quoted Shakspeare on him, but only in reference
to his objection to all claims of this character. In
reference to his distinction between temporary
absence and temporary vacancies, between the
powers conferred by appointments and powers
conferred by authority to exercise them, I simply
quoted on him the words of Lady Macbeth:
" My lord is often thus,
And hath been from his youth."
These men have discharged the duties of the
higher office, and I think, in justice, they should
have the compensation of that higher office. But
I oppose giving them double salaries—the salaries
of both offices. And, in reply to another remark
of my colleague, I will say that I represent a part
of the people of the United States; and as I would
act for myself individually, I will act for them in
this case. I will act for them first as though they
were here in grand assemblage to pass on these
claims; for if they were here, they would act in
a liberal and even generous spirit towards all their
claimants.
!Mr. WAKEMAN moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Nichols reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had had the
Private Calendar generally under consideration,
and particularly a bill (C. C. No. 8) for the re-
lief of Michael Nourse, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 440) for
the relief of the sureties of Daniel Winslow;
when the Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 31, 185T.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Pvev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with law, a list of the clerks
and other persons employed therein; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the contracts
made by it during the year 1856; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the pay and al-
lowance of officers of the Navy and Marine Corps;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from committees of the House, relating to
territorial business.
ACCOUNTS OF UNITED STATES CLERKS.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion I made the other day
to reconsider the vote by which was passed abil
(TI. R. No. 633) authorizing the settlement of the.
