1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
accounts of the clerks of the United States courts
in Washington and Oregon Territories. ,
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will post-
pone the consideration of liis motion until Mon-
day next. We have but this day for action oil
territorial business.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not propose to occupy
any time in debate. I merely desire to propose
that o n the reconsideration this bill shall be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, which already
has the subject under consideration.
Mr. GROW. If it is not proposed to debate
the motion, then I do not object to the disposition
of tlic motion to reconsider. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, who
have the subject before them at this time, and
upon that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the bill was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
STATE CONSTITUTION FOR MINNESOTA.
Mr. GROW. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill authorizing the
people of the Territory of Minnesota to form a
constitution and a State government, report it
back with a substitute. I ask that the reading
of the original bill be dispensed with, and that
the substitute be read.
The bill was reported by its title, as follows:
A bill (II. R. No. 642) to authorize the people
of the T erritory of Minnesota to form a consti-
tution and State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Uuionon an equal footing with
the original States.
The substitute, which was read, provides that
the inhabitants of that portion of the Territory of
Minnesota which is embraced within the follow-
ing limits, to wit: Beginning at the point in the
center of the main channel of the Red Iliver of
the North, where the boundary line between the
United States and the British possessions crosses
the same; thence up the main channel of said river
to that of the Bois des Sioux river; thence the
main channel of said river to Lake Travers;
thence up the center of the lake to the southern
extremity thereof; thence in a direct line to the
head of the Big Stone Lake; thence through its
center to its outlet; thence by a due soutli line to
the north line of the State of Iowa; thence east
along the northern boundary of said State to the
main channel of the Mississippi river; thence up
the main channel of said river, and following tho
boundary line of the State of Wisconsin, until the
same intersects the Saint Louis river; thence down
said river to and through Lake Superior, on the
boundary line of Wisconsin and Michigan, until
it intersects the dividing line between the United
States and the British possessions; thence up
Pigeon river, and following said dividing line to
the place of beginning;—be authorized to form for
themselves a constitution and Stato government,
by the name of the State of Minnesota, and to
come into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States, according to the Federal Consti-
tution.
That the State of Minnesota shall have concur-
rent jurisdiction on the Mississippi and all other
rivers and waters bordering on the said Stato
of Minnesota, so far as the same shall form a
common boundary to said State and any other
State or States now or hereafter to be formed or
bounded by the same; and said river and waters,
and the navigable waters leading into the same,
shall be common highways, and forever free, as
vvell to the inhabitants of said State as to all other
citizens of the United States, without any tax,
duty, impost, or toll therefor.
That on the first Monday in June next tho legal
voters in each representative district then existing
within the limits of the proposed Stato are author-
ized to elect two delegates for each representative
to which said district may be entitled according
to the apportionment for representatives to the
Territorial Legislature, winch election for dele-
gates shall be held and conducted, and tiie returns
517
made in all respects in conformity with the laws
of said Territory regulating tho election of rep-
resentatives; and the delegates so clected' shall
assemble at the capitol of said Territory on the
second Monday in July next, and first determine,
by a vote, whether it is the wish of the people of
the proposed State to be admitted into the Union
at that time; and if so, shall proceed to form a
constitution, and take all noeessary steps for the
establishment of a State government, in conform-
ity with tho Federal Constitution, subject to the
approval and ratification of tho people of tho
proposed State.
That in the event the convention shall decide
in favor of the immediate admission of the pro-
posed State into the Union, it shall be the duty
of the United States marshal for said Territory
to proceed to take a census or enumeration of tho
inhabitants within the limits of the proposed State,
under such rules and regulations as shall bo pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior, with the
view of ascertaining the number of representatives
to which said State may bo entitled in the Con-
gress of the United States; and said State shall
Be entitled to one Representative, and such addi-
tional Representatives as the population of tho
State shall,according to tho census, show itwould
be entitled to according to tho present ratio of
representation.
That tho following propositions be offered to
the said convention of the people of Minnesota
for their free acceptance or rejection, which, if
accepted by the convention, shall be obligatory
on the United States and upon the said State of
Minnesota, to wit:
First. That sections numbered sixteen and
thirty-six in every township of public lands in
said State, and where either of said sections, or
any part thereof, has been sold, or otherwise been
disposed of, other lands equivalent thereto, and
ns contiguous as may be, shall be granted to said
State for the use of schools.
Second. That seventy-t.wo sections ofland shall
be set apart and reserved for the use and support
of a State university, to be selected by the Gov-
ernor of said State, subject to the approval of tho
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
to be appropriated and applied in such manner
as tho Legislature of said State may prescribe for
the purpose afoiesaid, but for no other purpose.
Third. That ten entire sections of land, to be
selected by tho Governor of said State, in legal
subdivisions, shall be granted to said State for
the purpose of completing the publie. buildings,
or for the erection of others at the seat of gov-
ernment, under the direction of the Legislature
thereof.
Fourth. That all salt springs within said State,
not exceeding twelve in numlier, with six sections
of land adjoining, or as contiguous as may be to
each, shall be granted to said State for its use;
the same to be selected by the Governor thereof
within one year after the admission of said State,
and, when so selected, to be used or disposed of
on such terms, conditions, and regulations as the
Legislature shall direct: Provided, That no salt
spring or land, the right whereof is now vested
in any individual or individuals, or which may be
hereafter confirmed oi adjudged to any individual
or individuals, shall be granted to said State.
Fifth. Thnt five per centum of the net proceeds
of sales of all publie. lands lying within said State
which shall be sold by Congress after the admis-
sion of said State into the Union, after deducting
all the expenses incident to the same, shall be
paid to said State for the purpose of malting pub-
lic roads and internal improvements, as the Legis-
lature shall dnect: Provided. The foregoing prop-
ositions offered are on the condition that the said
convention which shall form the constitution of
said State shall provide, by a clause in said con-
stitution, or an ordinance, irrevocable without
the consent of the United States, that said State
shall never interfere with tho primary disposal
of the soil within the same by the United States,
or with any regulations Congress may find neces-
sary for secuimg the title m said soil lo Iwiui Jide
purchasers thereof; and that no tax shall be im-
posed on lands belonging to the United States;
and that in no case shall non-resident proprietors
be taxed higher than residents.
Mr. GROW. I do not choose, Mr. Speaker,
to discuss this bill. 1 merely wish to refer to the
subject of the boundaries ol the proposed Slate,
"    — 1 ■*       ,'joi^a^as,
and this I can do in a few moments. A portion
of the Territory of Minnesota is divided by this
bill, north and soutli, by the Rad rivey, the whole
length of that river, thenoo following tb« Big'Skone
lake to its outlet—the head of the Big- Stone*Jake
and Lake Travers being connected 'by. wafer—
thence by a line due south to the. boundary Imp
oi Iowa. All the territory east of that lino is to
be formed into a State, making seventy thousand
square miles, and leaving west of those bounda-
ries, now in the Territory of Minnesota, about
ninSy t'10usan" square miles, which, if the people
0Mumcsota shall adopt a State constitution,
will be left to be organized under the name of
Dacutah, as a proper name of Indian derivation.
Xlie general provisions of the bill arc the same as
those contained in the bill of the old form. I
move the previous question.
. Mr._PHE.LP8, 1 desire to make one or two
inquiries of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. GROW. For that purpose I withdraw
the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, I do not desire to impede the
progress of this bill; but I desire to know how
much of the proposed State of Minnesota lies
west of the Mississippi river?
Mr. GROW. About three fourths of it will be
west of tho Mississippi river.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. Mr. Speaker, 1
desire also to make another inquiry. I believe,
Mr. Speaker, that tho gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has frequently advocated on the floor of t his
House the sanctity of compacts. I believe lis
has frequently referred to the Missouri restriction
of 1820 as a compact made by the Congress of
the United States, which ought to have been ob-
served.
Mr. GROW. Certainly; but I did not yield tho
floor for the purpose of allowing such questions
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know also whether
the gentleman does not believe m the sacredncss
of the ordinance of 1787?
Mr. GROW. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well, sir; here is the
ordinance of 1787. The fifth and sixth articles
arc as follows:
"Art. V. There shall be formed in the said Territory,
not less than three, nor more than live States; and the
boundauea of the States, as soon as Virginia shall alter her
act of cession, and consent to the same, shall become Axed
and established as follows, to wit: The western State in
(he haid Territory shall he bounded by the Mississippi; the
Ohio, and Wabash rivets; a direct lino drawn rtotn the
Wabash and Post Vincents due north to the territorial hne
between the United States and Canada; and by the said
territorial line to the Lake of the Woods and Mississippi.
The middle State shall be bounded by tho said direct line,
tho Wabash from Post Vincents to the Ohio; by the Ohio,
by a dnect hue drawn due north from the mouth of the
Croat Miami, to the t*ud teriitorial line, and by tbe said
territorial line. The eastern State shall bo bounded by tho
)u*t mentioned direct line, Hie Ohio, Pennsylvania, and the
wild territorial line: Provided, however, and it is further
understood and declared, that the boundauea ol'thi^e three
States snail he subject so lar to be altered, that if Congress
shall hereafter find it expedient, they shall have authority
to form one or two States in that part of tho said Territory
which lies north of an east and we^t lino drawn thiongh
tho southerly bend or extreme of hake Michigan. And '
whenever any of the said States shall have sixty thousand
lice inhabitants therein, such State shall he admitted, by
Us delegates into the Congress of the United States, on an
equal looting with the original States, in ail respects what-
ever; and shall be at liberty to form a permanent conntitu
tion and State government: Provided the constitution and
government so to be formed shall be republican, and iu
conformity to the. principles contained in these aitieles;
and. so far as it can be, consistent with the general interest
of the Confederacy, such admishiou shall be allowed at an
eaiher period, and when there may be a less number of free
inhabitant* m the State than sixty thousand.
<k Art. VI. There shall he neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in the said Territory, otherwise than m punish
went of crimes, whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted: Provided always, that any person escaping into
tin; same, from whom labor or service is lawfully elauned
m any one of the original States, such fugitive maybe law-
fully reclaimed, and conveyed to the person claiming hid
or her labor or service as afoiesaid."
These five States, the entire number authorized
by the ordinance of 1787, are already organized;
and now the gentleman, or the Committee on Ter-
ritories, proposes to embracc within the hmits of
another State, a portion of territory which it was
stipulated by those who fiamed that ordinance
should be embraced in one of thesc^/we States.
Mr. GROW. Incverkncwaquestiontobeso
long as that which the gentleman asks, but I will
answer it 
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) I am not going
to throw any obstacle in the way of the passage
of this bill«—-
