518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 33,
Mr. GROW. I yielded the floor to permit the
gentleman from Missouri to ask a question.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make one additional
remark. I understand that the position of the
gentleman is this: that the sixth section of the
ordinance of H87 is a sacred compact; but that
the fifth article of that ordinance is no compact
whatever. I only desired to call the attention of
the House to the fact that the House is now about
to disregard thesacredness of that celebrated ordi-
nance of 1787—an ordinance which I believe has
no binding influence on the country, and which I
have never regarded as binding on me.
Mr. GROW. It is due to myself, I believe, to
reply to this question. I have no disposition what-
ever to engage in debate on any bill or question
that may come before the House to-day. What
does the gentleman from Missouri propose to do
with that part of the Territory which is left out-
side of the limits of the proposed State ? Would
he let it stand forever in an unorganized condi-
tion? Is that what the gentleman proposes? Or
should it be organized into a separate State, so as
to make six States outof the North west Territory?
Will the gentleman trample down his own prop-
osition ? Five States have been formed out of the
Northwest Territory, as required by the ordi-
nance of 1787, and no one proposes to make any
more, but only to take a gore of land left outside
of all the organized States, and incorporate it
with other territory never under the ordinance of
1787, which of itself would make a large State.
How, then, is the ordinance of 1787 violated?
It comes with a bad grace from a member of
this House from the State of Missouri to raise
such a question here to-day, when the Platte
country was taken from the ordinance of 1820
and included within the limits of that State. It
comes with a bad grace from a gentleman coming
from a State which has trampled upon the sacred-
ness of compacts, to come here and complain that
we take from under the ordinance of 1787 a little
strip of territory which was left outside the limits
of all organized States. And now, because it is to
be included within an organized State, it is, for-
sooth, a great breach of compact!
j\Ir. l'HELPS. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man 
Mr. GROW. If it is,for the purpose of pro-
longing the debate, I cannot yield.
Mr. l'HELPS. I desire to make a sugges-
tion 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I objact to this
questioning.
Mr. PHELPS. I only desire to make a cor-
rcciion.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will preserve
order one moment I will It'll him what I will do.
1 will yield for any question asked for informa-
tion,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. 1 want to ask a
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor without interrup-
tion.
Mr. GROW. I am willing to yield for ques-
tions for information.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 wish to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. GROW. I object to being interrupted till
I get through. If gentlemen wish to interrupt
mo lor the mere purpose of general discussion, 1
obu-et to general discussion, and will not yield.
Mr. PHELPS. That is not my purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I am in favor of \
the bill, and wish to ask a question for informa-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. I want to make a correction.
Air, GROW. I will yield for the purpose of
allowing the gentleman to make a correction, if it
be short.
Mr. PHELPS. As I understood the remark's
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, he was
attributing to me that I regarded the ordinance
of 1787 as a compact which must be observed by
this Congress, as well as the Missouri restriction
of 1820. I stated in my remarks, when I pro-
pounded the interrogatories to him, that I did not
regard these acts—the one passed in the Congress
of the Confederation, and the other in the Con-
gress under the Constitution—as compacts. I i
elated that I only desired to call the attention of I
the country to the fact, that that solemn ordinance !
of 1787, to which the gentleman had attributed a !
great deal of sanctity, waa now about to be vio-
lated and disregarded; that I did not esteem itan
ordinance of that description; and that I expected
that I should vote with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania for this Minnesota bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me to make an in-
quiry which will perhaps have some eifect on the
vote of the House on this bill? It is a question
for information only.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Maine. I object to
debate. The previous question has been called.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been withdrawn.
.Mr. GROW. I renew it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will not the
gentleman allow me to ask a question for inform-
ation? I am favorable to the bill.
Several Members objected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I understand it is well settled by the prac-
tice of this House, that when any gentleman has
the floor, he can yield it for a question, or for ex-
planation, to any other gentleman. That has
been the uniform rule.
The SPEAKER. The House usually accords
consent that a member may yield the floor for
inquiry.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It has always been a
matter of right until this Congress. I have no
interest in this debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the right to call the previous question;
and if he calls the previous question, no member
has a right to ask a question, or to debate in any
form. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has
called the previous question; and the gentleman
from Tennessee asks to make an inquiry.
Mr. GROW declined to withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, ofTennessec. Then I shall vote
against the bill.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, whether it is 'in order to move to postpone
until a day certain?
It is not in order at this
The SPEAKER,
time.
Mr. GARNETT.
the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. GARNETT.
Is it in order to move to lay
That motion is in order.
Then I make the motion to
lay the bill on the table; and on that I call the
yoas and nays.
Mr. HERBERT asked for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to recommit this bill to the Committee on
Territories, with instructions to report the differ-
ence between the original bill nod the substitute ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GROW. If there be no objection I will
give the gentleman the information he desires.
Many Members objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garnett
and Woodworth were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 88, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. A bill was introduced by the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories.
■The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. Then let the Chair state the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Terri-
toiies have reported back a lull for the admission
of Minnesota as a State into the Union, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the substitute
be road through. I want to vote for it if 1 can;
but I do not know what it is.
_ Mr. PHELPS. Has the Committee on Ter-
ritories made two reporrs on this bill?
Mr. GROW. The Committee on Territories
have made butone report. They bring in a sub-
stitute embracing all the amendments that were
proposed to the original bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Then, as 1 understand the
question, the Committee on Territories reported
back the bill introduced by the Delegate from
Minnesota "with certain amendments, and this
morning the chairman of that committee reported
asubstitute embracing those amendments. Is that
it?
Mr. GROW. The substitute embraces all the
amendments to the original bill.
Mr. GARNETT. "With the permission of Lho
House, I will ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania what is the difference between the size of
Minnesota, as bounded in the original bill, and
that of the substitute? The question is a per-
fectly fair one, and I hope it will be answered.
Mr. GROW. The difference is about five or six
hundred square miles. The original bill bounds
the State on the west by the Red River of the
North and the Sioux river. The substitute fol-
lows the Red River of the North to Big Stone
Lake, as the original bill does, and there it takes
a due south line to the State of Iowa, cutting off
a triangle. Gentlemen on looking at the map can
see for themselves. There can be but a few hun-
dred square miles at most.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is the privilege of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, th$ chairman of
the Committee on Territories, and who reported
this bill, after the previous question has been sus-
tained, to explain the provisions of the bill to the
House. I trust that ne will take time enough to
give such information as may be desired by
members.
Mr. RICE. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield for any question that may be
propounded to him, and that is germane to this
bill. It is better to have its provisions fairly and
fully understood before it passes, than that there
should be any misapprehension concerning it on
the mind of any member. I hope the questions
may be answered. It is due to the Territory and
to the House.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has the right
to close the debate.
Mr. BOYCE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question in relation to a
matter bearing upon the merits of this case.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will wait a
moment I will give way to him. I indicated my
purpose, when I reported the bill, to answer all
questions for information to enlighten members
upon the question under consideration; but when
questions were put to me which had no relevancy
whatever to the matter under consideration, but
merely to create a discussion upon this bill, it
seemed to me that I ought not to yield for any
such purpose. I will now hear the question of
the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. BOYCE. There can be no objection to
the admission of Minnesota as a State. The only
point is, is there sufficient population*, and the
question I desiie to ask is whether the gentleman
has any official information as to the population
of that portion of Minnesota which is proposed
to be organized into a State ?
Mr. GROW. I will answer the gentleman's
question. The boundaries of this State include
some seventy thousand square miles, being
bounded on the east by the organized States, on
the west by the Red River of the North, to its
source, then by Big Stone Lake to its outlet, and
thence by a due south line to the State of Iowa,
which will strike that State a little cast of its
northwest corner; making a State of about the
same size and extent as the State of Missouri.
As to its population, so far as the best informa-
tion can be relied upon, she has from one hundred
and seventy-five thousand to two hundred thou-
sand inhabitants. The bill provides for,giving
her one Representative on this floor, and such
other Representatives as a census to be taken
under the bill shall show her to be entitled to
under the present ratio of representation.
As to the land features of the bill, they are the
same as are contained in all bills of the kind, so
far as the forms are concerned. Sections for
school purposes are set apart the same as in Iowa.
It provides the same restrictions in regard to
natural streams in Minnesota, as are contained
in bills of this kind heretofore passed. The bill
is in the usual form; and indeed, in drawing it up,
it was like taking a form-book, and drafting this
bill from it,-with the exception of the boundaries.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
