THE GLtffc
January 31,
'frA'te—Messrs. Albright,' Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
sou, BiUtahtfrat, Bingham, BlrsS, BradshawJ Brenton,
Broom, Bdflinton, Burlingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis
j). Oampiell. Ezra Clark, Colfkx, Oorains, Cragin, Damrell,
Timotliy Davis, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Barfee, Emrie, Galloway, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Haven,
nud^x, HoHoway, Thomas R. florton, Valentine B. IIor~
ton, Howard, Hughston, King, Knapp, Knignt, Knowlton,
Knox, ICunkel) Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Killian
Mitter, Mill ward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Mur ray,
Hichois, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,; Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle,' Pmrvianee, Robbins, Roberts,
Subm, S&ge, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spmner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thoiington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, VValdron, Cadwalader 0,
Wasbburne, Ellihu, B. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Woodruff, and Woodworth—92.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Pending.the pall of the roll,
- Mr. CLARKE, of New York, stated that if he
had been present when his name was called, he
should have voted in the negative.
. The question being on seconding the previous
question,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved acall of the
HOase.
Mr. HOUSTON. On that I call the yeas and
nays.
The yeasViml nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (at five minutes to two
o'clock, p. ra.) I do not think it likely that we
will do anything to-day. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
- Mr. KUNKEL. I appeal to my colleague to
mthdravr his call for the previous question, to
enable mo to ofter an amendment. I would state
that, for a month and more, I have endeavored
to get an opportunity to introduce a bill, or to
instruct the Committee on Territories to report a
bill for a partial repeal of the laws of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. For myself, I cannot consent
to sweep away the whole body of laws. I there-
fore ask my colleague to withdraw the demand
for the previous question, in order that I may
movo an amendment, and state the reasons for it.
The SPEAKER. The statement can only be
Blade by the consent of the House.
Mr. LETCliER. Vote down the previous
question.
Mr. KUNKEL. I should like to know from
my colleague whether he refuses to withdraw the
call for the previous question ?
The call for the previous question was not with-
drawn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
80, nays 101; as follows:
¥"EAB~Mossrs, Aiken, Barksdalc, Ilendley S. Bennett,
Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Blanch, Burnett, Carhle, Caruth-
<iiv, Caskie, Howell Colli), Williamson II, W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Cuuvford, Cullon, Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Den-
ver, Dovvdell, Dnull, Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Floienee, Fostei, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamctt,Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, TCcrbeit, Hoff-
man, Houston, Jcwett, George VV. Jones, Kent, Kidwell,
lake, 1-eteher, T.umpkni, Alexander K. Maisliall, Max-
Well, McMiiHin, MeUueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mor-
rison, Murdecai Oliver, Oir, Packer, Paine, Peck, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Umtniaii, Ricaud, Rulihi, Rust, 8andidge,
Savage, Seward, William R. Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
^wopc, Tnibott, Tyson, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Wheeler, Daniel li. Wright, and'/otheofTer—SO.
IVAY(i—Messis. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
son, Bill'ingburst, Bingham, diss, Br.idsbaw, Brenton,
Broom, Buttiuton, Burhugame, James IJ. Campbell. Lewis
D. Campbell, Bayard Clarke, H/.raOlark, Clmgman, Colfax,
Uotnins, Cragin, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dick,
Dick on, Dodd, Durfee, Enirie, Calloway, Granger, Crow,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Hodges. Ilolloway,
Thomas It, llorton, Valentine B, Hoiton, Howard, Htiglis-
ton, lvejsey, King. Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kun-
kel, I.eitor,,Matteson, MeCarty, Killian Miller, Millward
erts, Tallin, Sage, Sapji, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Sam-
A    J    -    ~ Thor-
J adc,
   ~. . ,Ta^li-
bmne, Elliliu li. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Woodruli", and Woodworth—101.
So a call of the House was refused.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Barclay, was confined to his
room by illness.
Mr. GROW withdrew the call for the previous
question; and then moved that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories; and on
that, motion called for the previous question.
Mr. CLIiN'GMAN. I hope the gentleman will
let die motion be submitted to refer the bill to the
Cojnmittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I will then vote for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I want this bill to go where
it can be examined, and the House made ac-
quainted with its provisions and their necessity.
Mr. PHELPS. This day has been set apart
for the consideration of territorial business, and
1. therefore submit the motion that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and on that motion 1
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MACE (at twenty minutes after two
o'clock) moved that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE withdrew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GOODE renewed it; and called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will agree to postpone
the consideration of this bill to another day, so
that we may devote this day to the other terri-
torial business on the Calendar.
Mr. GROW. I will agree to that.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then I hope the mo-
tion to adjourn will be withdrawn.
Mr. GOODE withdrew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GROW. The motion to recommit will
keep this bill before the House, I hope, then,
that it will be informally passed over, and that
gentlemen be allowed to make reports from com-
mittees of the House on territorial business.
Mr. LETCHER. I want this bill to go where
it can be discussed.
Mr. GROW. My proposition is, that the pend-
ing bill be informally passed over, and tliat reports
on territorial business be received from the com-
mittees of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Is there not a motion
pending that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union?
Mr. PHELPS. There is—a motion submitted
by myself.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask that the question
be taken on that motion.
Mr. GROW. There arc some gentlemen who
desire to submit reports on territorial business,
and I hope they may first be allowed to do so.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I have no objection
to that.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a bill (H.R. No.
702) to provide for the construction of military
roads and bridges in the Territory of Kansas,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. THORINGTON, from the Committee on
Public Lands', reported a bill making appropria-
tion for the completion of the geological survey
of the Territories of Oregon and Washington, and
for the publication of the same; which was road
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the report, ordered to bo printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 613) to estab-
lish two additional land districts in the Territory
of Kansas; which was read.
Mr. C. said: As the bill contains no appropri-
ation , I ask that it may be put upon its passage
now.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. How can the gen-
tleman object?
The SPEAKER. It is competent to report the
bill only by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Then I take back
the bill, and object to anything else being re-
ported.
RESOLUTION OF IOWA.
Mr. THORINGTON, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Iowa, asking Congress for the en-
largement of the boundaries of the State of Towa;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asnrnv Die kins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 592) for the relief of Brevet Major James
Belger, of the United States Army. Also, an
act(S. No. 486) for the relief of John Mitchell,
of the District of Columbia; in which latter bill
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 334) for the
relief of Charles Lucas, or his legal represeEta-
tives, and for other purposes'; when the Speaker
signed the same.
STATE CONSTITUTION FOR OREGON.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I no w insist upon
a vote upon the motion that the'House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolveditself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stare of the Union,
(Mr. Wakeman in the chair,) and proceeded to
tlie consideration of the first bill upon the Calen-
dar of territorial business, being a bill to enable
the people of Oregon Territory to form'a consti-
tution and State government, and for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union.
The bill was read.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee rise,
that we may go into the House, and close the
debate upon this bill. It was discussed for two
days when we considered territorial business
before.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wakeman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly a bill to enable the people of Oregon
to form a constitution and State government, &c.,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GROW moved that all debate be closed on
House bill No. 7 in five minutes after its con-
sideration shall be again resumed by the com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wakeman in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to enable the
people of Oregon Territory to form a constitution
and State government, and for the admission of
such State into the Union.
Mr. GROW. I ask that the reading of the
original bill be dispensed with, and that the sub-
stitute reported by the committee be read in its
place. It provides for the navigation of streams,
and some other matters, to make it conform to the
usual form of such bills.
No objection being made, the substitute was
read in extenso.
Mr. KUNKEL offered the following amend-
ment:
At the end of line seventeen insert:
Provided, That file right of suffrage and of holding office
in said Territory shall be exercised only by citizens of the
United States.
Mr. GROW. I do not rise to speak on this
amendment. I wish to say a few words on the
general provisions of the bill, so that the House
may understand it.
The bill proposes to divide this territory—all
west of the one hundred and twentieth parallel,
which is the eastern boundary of California, and
to make the State the same width as the State of
California—to contain fifty-six thousand square
miles. The population of Oregon, so far as the
best information which we have goes, consists of
somewhere about ninety thousand. The general
features of the bill are the same as those of the
Minnesota and other territorial bills.
The bill was read by sections for amendment.
Mr. WHITNEY moved to strike out the words
