1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, LETCHER. I withdraw my amendment,
and move the following in its place:
Tlidt ill The event of the admission of the proposed
State into the Union, until the next congressional apportion-
ment tile said State shall have one Representative in the
Congie^s of tile United States.
Mr. WALKER. If I am in order, I will state
that my friend's new proposition does not meet
the objection I have urged. There must be some-
thing done by this people before they can claim
admission into the Union. They must first by
their convention frame ail organic law. Then,
before their act becomes the act of the people,
there must be a vote of the people on that organic
law. After that is done, then there may be an ap-
plication for admission into the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. In the third section it is
provided that the convention shall proceed—
" to form a constitution, and take all necessary steps for
the us-tabhshment of a cState government, ju conlormity
with ihc Federal Constitution, suhjeet to the appioval and
ratification of the people of the proposed State."
I propose to let the convention provide for the
manner in which the question shall be submitted.
They will, of coursc, add a schedule to their
constitution, which shall provide for all things
necessary and proper to be done in Older to take
the requisite vote of the people, and to ascertain
whether their approval has been given—whether
the constitution so made has been ratified.
The previous section, therefore, having pro-
vided for this ratification, it seems to me that the
amendment I offer will cover the entire ground,
and that before there can be a constitution there
must be a vote of approval and ratification.
Mr. HAVEN. I think the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia will make the bill har-
monious in all its parts, and I therefore hope it
will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AKERS moved the following amendment:
Add at the «*ml of the fourth section :
P)ondcd< That no person shall be eligible to the office of
Delegate \\ ho is not a citizen of the United States.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordeied.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to strike out of the
first part of the eighth section, which is as fol-
lows:
" Seo. 8. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the following
propo^ittoiib be, and the same are hereby, offered to the said
convention of the people of Oregon for their free acceptance
or rejection, which, if accepted by the convention, shall be
obligatoiy on the United States and upon said State of Ore-
gon, to wit:"
the words " convention of the," so as to make
this part of the bill conform to the amendment
made to the preceding part of the bUl.
Mr HAVEN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the section is.right as
it stands, and those words should not be stricken
out. They are submitted to the convention, and
if the convention ndont them, they go into ihe
constitution, and if the people adopt the con-
stitution it becomes a fixed fact. If ihey do not
adopt the constitution, then they do not accept the
propositions.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The following clause being under considera-
tion:
" Third. That ten entire sections of land, to be selected
byth<  Govcrnoi of t aid State, in legal subdivisions, shall be
granted to said State for the purpose of completing the pub-
lic building-, or for the erection of others at the seat of gov-
ernment, under (he direction of the Legislature thereof—
Mr. LETCHER said: I move to strikeout
thatcluu.se. We have been legislating for three
or four years for the erection of public buildings
in Oregon and the other Territories of the United
States by direct appropriations of money from
the Treasury. Now I cannot see the propriety,
after the Treasury has been thus depleted, of
undertaking to distribute the public lands when
it is clear that they cannot be applied to the object I
proposed. ;
Mr. GROW. Their public buildings have been I
destroyed by fire, and there has been no appro-
priation made since to rebuild them, i am op- ]
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from !
Virginia. )
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to inquire if that i
clause of the bill authorizes the building of a pen- j
itentiary? !
The CHAIRMAN. The word* of the bill are
" public buildings."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The following clause having been read:
"Fifth. The five per centum of the net proceeds of sales
of all public lands lying within said State, which shall be
sold by Congress, after the admission of *>aid State into
the Union, after deducting all the e.\ peases incident to the
same, shall be paid to said State for the purpose of making
public roads and Internal improvements, as the Legislature
shall direct."
Mr. LETCHER said: I move to strike out the
words "for the purpose of making public roads
and internal improvements, as the Legislature
shall direct."
I consider that we have no ri^ht to make any
such provision in regard to the Legislature. The
percentage is given to them, and they have a
right to dispose of it; and I am not inclined, by
any legislation of Congress, to interfere with
their action.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Virginia proposed to strike out the words,
" for the purpose of making public roads and in-
ternal improvements, as the Legislature shall di-
rect." 1 move to strike out the words " for the
purpose of making public roads and internal im-
provements." Now, sir, this provision is not to
give land, but it is to give to the State, after it
shall have become such, five per cent, upon the
net proceeds of all lands sold by the United States
within the limits of the State, after deducting all
the expenses incident to the same. This five per
cent., as I understand, is to be given to the new
State in consideration that the State will not tax
the lands belonging to the United States. 1 am
willing to give it that five per cent. Hut, when
you give it to that Statein lieu of the taxing power,
or because she is not to exercise that taxing power
overyour land, you have,in my opinion, no right
to direct what that sovereign State shall do with
the money. It is hers, and she should be as un-
controlled by this Government in the appropria-
tion and disposition of it, as she shoulfl be, and is,
in the disposition of the money which she re-
ceives by taxes from her citizens.
Mr. HAVEN. J wish to say one word in
reply to my friond from Tennessee. I believe
this is a usual clause in bills of this kind; and 1
doubt whether, on mature reflection, my friend
from Tennessee would say that individuals, when
they make a bargain, are not at liberty to put in
any condition that they please, so that it be not
contrary to law. If this is to be regarded as a
gift, ceitainly we have the power to give it fox-
any particular purpose we choose. If it is to be
regarded as a contract, f hold that we have at
least n right, to make a bargain with one, two,
three, or more conditions.
The question beingon Mr. Jones's amendment,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelly and
Stranaiian were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes HI, noes L01.
So the amendmf-nt was not agreed to.
The substitute as amended was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wakumant reported that
tiie Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration a bill (II. R.
No. 7) to authorize the people of the Territory of
Oregon to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, preparatory to their admission info the
Union on an equal footing with the original States,
and had directed him to report the same to the
House, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, and with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. GROW moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LETCHER (at four o'clock and twelve
minutes) rmned that the Houye adjourn.
The motion was notagieed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked the
yeas and nays on ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The veas and nays were not ordered.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The question being on the passage of the bill
Mr. COMINS called for the yeas and nays, and
said: Mr. Speaker, I voted against the Minnesota
bill, believing that bill-did not sufficiently protect
the rights of the American citizen. I hoped that
the demonstration which was made on that bill
would induce the Committee of the Whole to so
amend the Oregon bill that there could bo no ma-
terial objection to it. That object having been
accomplished, I shall cheerfully give lyiy vote in
the affirmative.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
KANSAS.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee oil Territo-
ries, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, an act (S. No, 35G) to authorize the
people of the Territory of Kansas to form a con-
stitution and Slate government, preparatory to
their admission into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GROW offrred a resolution providing that
an extra number of copies of the bill and report
be printed; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
And then, on motion of Mr. RUFFIN, (at
fifteen minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 31, 1857.
Prayer by theChaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before tha
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Seriate, information as to the necessity for further
defensive works at Portland harbor, in Maine,
and particularly upon Hog Island Ledge, in that
harbor, and an estimate of the cost of the same;
which,on motionofMr. FbssKNCEN, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
tie also laid before the Senate a report of til©
Secretary of War, made in obedience to law,
accompanied by lists of clerks and other persons
employed in the War Department, other than
officers of the Army, during the year 1856; which
was read, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, statements showing what contracts have
been made under the authority of the War De-
partment during the year 185G; which was read,
and ordered to lie oil the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate, a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in response to a res-
olution of the Senate calling for information as to
the practicability of adopting more efficient means
for the preservation of life on the coasts of New
Jersey and Long Island; which, on motion of
Mr. Phomsok, of New Jersey, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Sarah
S. Hine, widow of E. C. Hine, a lieutenant in the
revenue cutter service, who was lost in the cutter
Hamilton,praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented three petitions of cit-
izens of the United States engaged in navigation
upon the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and in the
