m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
January 31,
construction of steam vessels, praying that Con-
gress will make an appropriation to purchase toe
rMit to use Evans's safety-guard, for the preven-
tion of explosions of steam-boilers; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
fijr. YULEE presented the petition of John
Johnson, praying permission to locate on any un-
appropriated public land in Florida, a quantity of
land equal to a tract claimed by him, but embraced
withiii a previous grant; whicn was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That Moren IVJoorc and Thaddeus Scott have
leave'^'withdraw their petition and papers.
Qn motion of Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the paper3 of Samuel Warner bo with-
drawn. from tlwj files of the Senate, unci referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motiqn of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,
it was
Ordered, That William A. Duer have leave to withdraw
hls.petition and papers.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 48) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of the
contractor for the erection of the United States
marine hospital at San Francisco, California;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DURKEE, pursuant to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
543) to authorize the sale of section eighteen,
township seven north, range four west, in the
Mineral Point land district, and to grant preemp-
tion rights; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Ho also, pursuant to previous notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 544) to
authorize certain lands in the State of Wisconsin
to be overflowed; which was read twice by its
title, ami referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, Thai (1m Committee on Naval Allans be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition ofS.
V': Lee andO. 11. Hurry man, m behalf of the officers of the
Navy employed in exp'loialiens and surveys undei the act
of Mnrch, 18-19, and thai they have leave to wilhthaw their
petition and papei*.
ENROLLED BILLS STONED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mi*- Citllom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled hill;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Charles Lucas, or his
legal representatives, and for other purposes.
The President pro tempore also signed the en-
rolled hill entitled an act for the relief of the sure-
ties of Daniel Window.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to suggest to
the Senate, a<* we did not take up the Private Cal-
endar yesterday, that by common consent we
take it up to-day, and dispose of such cases as
may not give rise to debate. If such is the pleas-
ure of the Senate, 1 hope that that coursc will be
pursued.
Mr. HUNTER. I must object to that. The
Indian appropriation bill is the regular order of
bu-unesH, and I insist that it be taken up.
SUHVEY OF THE OHIO RIVER.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the bill (S. No.
4'7U) to provide for the survey of tiie Ohio river
and ur prineipnl tributaries was postponed to,-and
made the special order for, Monday, the 9th of
Februaiy, at one oVloek.
NAVAL DESERTIONS.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tions. submitted by him on the 14th January:
llcwhc I, That the Pi cedent bo requested to inform the
; -i.ii" of the number of de^ertejs fjom the Navy since the
-o.:- i>i Ff b u:irv, and p.uticulai'y of the desmeis
-from the erew oi the stoain-trigate Memmac whilst com-
manded by Captain G. J. Pender£ra,?t, together with any
report or reports made to the Navy Department by said
Captain Pemlergrast,of the causes of said desertions. Also,
of the causes of the i eturn from the Pacific squadron of the
captain and commander of the frigate Independence, and
mbfe recently, the commander of the sloop-of-war Decatur;
together with the copies of all leports made by the com-
mander of the Pacific squadron, or any other officer, in rela-
tion to either the said captain or commandeis ; and whether
any, and what, action was taken by the President or Sec-
retary of the Navy, in relation to Commander Gaosevoort,
of the sloop Decatur. Also, whether any other officer of
the Pacific squadron has been reported to the Navy Depart-
ment for dereliction or unofficer-like conduct, and if so,
to furnish copies of the reports, together with a statement
of the course pursued by the Department toward such
derelict officer. 'And also, whether, since ttie return of the
captain ftom the frigate Independence,m the Pacific ocean-,
an officer of interior grade or rank has been sent to com-
mand that ship ; and if of inferior grade, whether such
course was in consequence of any, and what, difficulty in
finding a-captain to order to command said frigate Inde-
pendence. And also, any report or reports from Captain
Mercer, of the Brazil squadron, in relation to the officers
of the brig Cambridge, while serving on the Brazil station;
and
Resolved, further, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to furnish the Senate with copies of any report
or reports from the commander of the ISa&t India squadron
in relation to the re^guation of any commissioned officers
recently serving therein.
The pendingquestion being on Mr. Mallory's
amendment to strike out all after the first para-
graph.
Mr. MALLORY. I will not detain the Senate
by debating the resolutions. It must be very
evident to every Senator who will look at the
amendment, that the first paragraph embraces all
the information which can possibly be of any ser-
vice to the country. I doubt very much whether
the information here sought to be obtained is
sought at the instance of the officers themselves.
I have no reason to believe that any officer who
is aimed at here desires this information. I be-
lieve every Senator will see, the moment this
information is brought to the Senate, that it will
redound to the injury, and not to the benefit, of
individuals and the Navy at large. I have stated
that at length. I have moved an amendment, to
strike out all after the first paragraph, simply be-
cause that is calculated to bring foiward inform-
ation thai will be useful to the country—namely,
the causes *of desertion*. "But I have to state
again, that the residue of the resolutions will
bring forward the case of Commandar Rowan,
who has been recently tried by a court-martial in
Philadelphia, and the causes of the resignation
of officers who have gone into private life, and
are not now in the Navy. This resolution is not
offered at then* instance, and it cannot redound
to the interest of the service. It. is for the officers
themselves that T speak. I have not the slightest
objection to the information, if the Senate desires
it, for the Novy Department will no doubt furnish
it readily; but (lie facility with which resolutions
of inquiry have passed through this body some-
times leads to strange results.
You must have seen,Mr. President,at the last
session, long resolutions and a long string of
inquiries, not one fact of which redounded to the
interest of the discussion, while they did expose
an officer who had partially retired to private life,
to public odium unncccssarily, because the res-
olutions were not duly considered at the time; and
it was not known what they would bring forward.
I will not debate this subject. I merely wish
every Senator to look at the resolution itself.
The amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution as amended was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied the motion
of the Senator from Florida was not understood.
I supposed that the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire was about to address the Senate on this res-
olution, and for that purpose moved its postpone-
ment when it was last under discussion. But for
that I would have made a reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Florida few though they
were, and would have presented suggestions that
I am satisfied would have caused a very different
result on the amendment. 1 now move to recon-
sider the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can move a reconsideiation of the vote on adopt- j
ing the resolution. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to leconsider that :
vote. j
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator cannot move to |
reconsider the vote on the amendment unless he j
voted with the majority. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair ]
understands the motion of the Senator to be to 1
reconsider the last rote, which was or the resolu-
tion as'atftended.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand him, he
would not care to do that, unless he obtains a re-
consideration of the vote on the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied that the Serr-
ate did not understand it. Their attention was
not called to the subject.
Mr. HALE. I had no intention of speaking
on the resolution. I simply moved a postpone-
ment of it yesterday, because I had another reso-
lution calling for information that 1 wanted to get
in reference to the Indian appropriation bill. I
had no intention of speaking on this resolution.?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood that the Sen-
ator wished to speak on it, and therefore notified
him this mornibg that I should move to call up
the resolution, fully confident that he would
address the Senate. Otherwise I should have
made remarks that would have presented facts
for the consideration of the body, and I think
have produced a different result on the amend-
ment. However, sir, I will announce respect-
fully that I will not be deterred from presenting
resolutions for the consideration of the Senate,
I am determined to eviscerate this subject. I will
have it out. 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the motion to reconsider to have
been made.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought it was withdrawn
Mr. WELLER. I make a motion to recon-
sider, but I will not ask for its consideration now
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on reconsidering the vote on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. WELLER. I supposed the Senator from
Texas desired to submit some remarks on the
question. It is hardly worth while to take the
vote over again, unless the Senator has some
facts to state.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state, when the
resolutions come up again for consideration, some
facts showing that the suggestions made by the
Senator from Florida in support of the amend-
merit were not well founded.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the motion to reconsideF
until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
APPALACHICOLA AND BAINBRIDGE MAIL.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 387) providing for the
regular transmission of the mail on route 6842;
the pending question being on the substitute
offered by Mr. Yulee. ,■
Mr. IVERSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Florida, as well as the Senator from
Michigan, who objected to this bill the other day,
I have prepared an amendment, which I propose
as a substitute for that of the Senator from Flor-
ida, with his consent. It is:
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author
lzed to allow and pay to George Bucknam, such sum not ex-
ceeding $15,000 per annum, as lie may deem just and reason-
able for the transportation of the mail for the balance of th«
teim of his contract for that service on route 6842, between
Banibridge, Georgia, and Appalachieola, Florida, unless the
Postmaster Geneiai, after giving thnty days'notice, shall be
able to let a contract to some responsible person who will
perform such service for a less sum : Provided, That such
increased sum over and above the contract pnee be paid
to said contractor only at the end of each year, and upon
the faithful peiformance of hm contract.
Mr. IIUNTER. I will ask whether that oper-
ates so as to pay the contractor the increased sum
for the time he has been carrying the mails ?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir.
Mr. YULEE. It is prospective altogether. I
am satisfied with the proposition of the Senator
from Georgia, and withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STUART. Let me suggest a clerical
amendment that maybe necessary in the proviso
here proposed. After the word " unless," words
are put ill that were suggested by me which will
remove all the objections I had to the bill. I have
made inquiry on the subject, and T find there has
been, to some extent, a habit of bidding for that
route by irresponsible persons at a price lower
than the service could be performed for, who
would finally abandon the service, and produce
thereby much inconvenience. My only object
was to put this bill in such a shape, that as a
public precedent it should not trouble Congress
