526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
now to give $700,000 more to expend for the same
purposes. 1 will go on:
" As the volunteers, having no boats, could not cross
Snafce river, the retreat of the Indians closed their wintei
campaign, except to plunder the friendly Cayu^es of their
horses and cattle. (See my letter, dated the 12th February,
1656, to Governor J. J. Stevens.)
"Owing to the seventy of the winter, except those cap-
tured by the Indians mo^t of the volunteers' horses died
from fatigue, and the want of forage or grass. Major China
said that about two hundred and twenty-five of their best
horses were captured by the Indians. It is reported that
Governor Curry has in part replaced them with a fresh
relay.- In February thirteen wagons, loaded with supplies,
Including ammunition, foi the volunteeis, guarded by only
four men, were eaptuied by the Indians,between the Uma-
tilla and Fort Walla-Walla.
"Such have been the results of one of the most unwise,
unnecessary, and extravagant expeditions? ever fitted out in
the United States, and for no other reason than to plunder
the Ti easury of the United States and to make political cap-
ital for somebody. It could not havu been projected for
tne defense or' the inhabitants of Oregon, nor foi the protec-
tion of Ovegoniansm Washington Tci ritory, foi none resided
theic, What, then, could have been the object? Nothing
bin a crusade against the Indian* and a long war to enrich
the country. ff such was the object, Governor Curry, in-
stead of sending his troops against the Indians ni Wash-
ington Teuitoijj and beyond hu jurifdii-tiun, would have
sent oil of them to southern Oregon, where the war taged,
and nowhcic eh-e m the fermory. The Oregomans say
that the wai i  a God-send to the eonniiy."
That is the account given of this war—I have
not read the whole of it, but enough to give you
an idea of it—by General Wool, the United States
military oJKcer m command on the Pacific.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Addressed to whom ?
Mr. HALE. To the Washington Intelligencer.
Now, I will read a communication from General
Wool, transmitted with the President's message
this year:
IlEUKiUAiRTKUS DFPARTMRNT OF THE PACIFIC,
BF.nicia., August 4, 1856.
Coi.OMin.: Owiiuj to ill health* with winch 1 have been
afflicted lor more than live week-, I find myself unable
toiuliiiltUe promise contained m the commumcatio'i of
Mujoi MackvUI, dated the 10th ultimo. I can, thcrefoic, do
'jtit little more than forwud the mclo^d conespondonec.
which ! would commend to the attention of the Lieutenant
General commanding the Aimy,and the Soeretaiyoi War.
It will t-hovv, to borne extent, the didieuiues imposed on the
regular officeis by the eUi/i ts on the part of Governor Ste-
vens m piolong the war against the Indians, who are peace-
ably inclined, < nd would not make wai on the winter if the
latter would evhibit towauls them tiie common feeling-?
of Immaniiy, and the authoimes of Washington Temtory
would neat Hicm with oidmaiv justice Governor fteveus
is crazy, and dot?** not know what he k doing; and Govern-
or Curry's satellite* go for evtcrminatmg the Indian:*. I)e-
tween the efforts of the two Governors and their coadjutors
to defcat thu rogulais m then endeavors to ic.-tore peace
and maintain it, by a judicious deposition of the noops.,
they have a very arduous and difiieult task to peri'oim.
Although Governor Stevens has been again and again
notified that hn voiunteet- wcie unmu-e^aiy to protect or
delcnd the inhabitant^ ot Paget Sound, he still keeps f.ev-
erai hundred volunteers in the field, and iccently ban sent
Colonel Shaw with, itis Mid, two hundred volunteeis to the
WalU-VVaila country. In doing this hit?object (for theie are
no whites m that country to protect or deJeud) was to pio-
vokc a continuance ol the war with tiie Walla Walla.-*, &e.,
and to plundei the Indians ot their houos and cattle. 1 have
ordered Colonel Wright, as mioh he completed his ar-
rangement!? with the Yakiiuasatid IChkauus, to hasten with
all possible dispatch to the Walla Walla countrj, and to
order Stevens's volunteeis out of the country; incase they
reluied to go, to arrest, disarm, and send them out of the
country. See my instructions to Colonel JVnght, walked
No 1; also my instructions to Lieutenant Colonel Casoy,
with ins conespondence with Governor Stevens, inclosed,
marked No. '2-} also a correspondence with Messrs. Tand-
ler &. Co., m.nked No. 3, which will &how that Governor
Stevens is araking arrangements to continue the war in lua
1 erntory; also Colonel Wright's correspondence, marked
Nos . 1G, 17,18, and 19, giving a history of events from the
3d to the lSth of July, which contains much mteipstmg iftul
valuable miormanon; and, finally, Lieutenant Colonel
Casey's report, marked No. 4, m reference to the establish-
ment ot posts and the bef-t nutans of effecting a permanent
defense or' Pu^ct Sound country. All of which I could
hope might claim attention, and especially so much as ie~
Jated to permanent posts; which I have no right to estab-
lish without the sanction of the Secretary of War.
i am, sir, very respectfully, your obedieut servant,
JOUN E. WOOL, Major General<
Lieutenant Colonel L. Thomas,
j), «/2. Gtneiul, Headquarters of the Jirrny, New York.
These arc the representations made by the
United States General there in command; and if
they do not disclose a state of facts which ought
to make every American blush for shame, I do
not know what could. This Governor is the man
to whom we are called upon to vote extraordinary
supplies for the purpose of carrying on such a
warfare as this. Resides the extraordinary ap-
propriations proposed to be added to this bill, at
the last session we voted beyond the usual sup-
plies an extraordinary appropriation of $300,000
to preserve peace, and $120,000 to buy powder in
the Territories of Oregon and Washington. It
is admitted, that in addition to the million now
asked for, we shall have to pay, if we foot these
bills, two millions or three millions more. The
honorable Senator from Tennessee intimates that
they will be double that. If you pay such bills as
these, there is not money enough in all the treas-
uries of the earth to meet these requisitions. I
ask if it is not time for the Legislature to inter-
fere ? If these facts disclosed by the highest mil-
itary authority—and by a man, I believe, whose
name has never been connected with dishonor
or with falsehood, General Wool—be true, have
we not something else to do, and do we not owe
something else to these Territories but to vote
money to be spent in this way ?
Let me ask if, in all the history of the Indian
wars with the most ferocious and the most savage
tribes which civilized man ever encountered, the
whites ever received such treatment as the Indians
have received from us r A fag of truce is disre-
garded; a man comes with offers and proffers of
peace, of restoration, of restitution, and friend-
ship, and he is told they do not want them, and
he had better go back and fight; and when he will
not go back and fight, with the flag of truce in his
hand he is made a prisoner, put to death, and
twenty scalps cut from his head to be distributed
among our troops as proofs of their valor, I sup-
pose.
For these reasons, imperfectly and incoherently
stated, I am utterly opposed to voting the first
dollar to be expended by these men, and I would
withhold all supplies until the Executive, in the
exercise of his functions, shall send men there
who will not thus dishonor the character of the
American people and the American arms.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President,before making
some of the explanations which have been asked
in regard to these amendments, I must be allowed
to say thnt, in the debate which occurred when
the bill was up before, I believe I did some injus-
tice to the Indian agents. I have been informed
at the Department that the Indian agents do not
make treaties, except under instructions of the
Department: and I also find that they seem to
think that the general appropriations for making
: Indian treaties, which are contained in the appro-
| pnation bill, are authorities to them for making
j such treaties. Doubtless they have the power; but
1 still I must say that I think too many of these
treaties have been made; that they have extin-
guished the Indian title too rapidly for the good of
the States which are in process of settlement them-
selves. I believe thai, in the early history of the
settlement of this country, the Indians performed
a useful function in preventing the whites from
dispersing too rapidly over the faec of the conti-
nent. 1 think we did no service in Oregon when,
in the bill organizing that Territory, we allowed
those who should take homesteads under it to go
and take land to which the Indian title was not
extinguished. Experience has shown that this
lias contributed to those collisions that have led
to the expenses of which complaint is now made.
A word or two in reference to these leserva-
tions, and some of the ptrictures mode by the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] the other
day. It is desirable that we should have more
information than we have in regard to our Indian
reservations; but I submit that we have informa-
: lion which justifies us far more in voting the sums
I which are asked to be voted now, than we had
when we voted what was given when this policy
was established. We have been voting appro-
priations for this object, without opposition that
; I have heard, on mere guess, or mere speculation;
but now we have returns from some of them.
; We have returns from Major Neighbors, of the
J Texas reservation. lie says there are some fif-
teen hundred Indians there, and the policy is
working well. We have returns from Mr. Hen-
ley, the superintendent of Indian affairs m Cali-
fornia; and he says there are ten thousand on the
reservations there, and the policy is working well.
This is the only hope for preserving the Indians.
We find, too, that the estimates for the Indian
expenses in California and the reservations there
are something less than they were before. In-
deed, I believe if you were to compare them with
the appropriations for the Indians elsewhere, on
this side of the Rocky Mountains, they will be
found to compare well. But as I undeistood the
Senator from Tennessee on that occasion, he did ;
not object to the appropriation for the Texas J
reservation. That was $71,000 for something;
like fifteen hundred Indians—between forty and
fifty dollars a man. He did object a little more
to the appropriation for the California reserva-
tion—1160,000 for about ten thousand Indians on
the reservation—that is something like sixteen
dollars a man. He objected still more to the ap-
propriations for the Oregon reservation—$51,000
for something over six thousand—being between
eight and nine dollars a man. The same may be
said of Washington Territory. It seems to me
the opposition of the Senator from Tennessee
was in inverse proportion to the extravagance of
the appropriation. The larger it was, the less
he had to say against it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Was the honor-
able Senator able to inform us how many were on
those reservations? Did he not acknowledge,
then, as chairman of the Committee on Financc,
that he had no information? Again: I will ask
him, if he pleases, why he goes on to refer me to
the report of Mr. Henley, who says they have ten
thousand Indians on the reservations in Cali-
fornia ?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator had looked to
the President's message and accompanying doc-
uments, printed before he made his remarks, ho
would have found all this information. I was not
to presume that a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs had not referred to the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which -was
printed. 1 was not to presume that a Senator of
his large experience and large information m re-
gard to Indian matters had taken no trouble to
ascertain the information which was to be had in
regard to them. I acknowledged that the inform-
ation in regard to the Oregon and Washington
reservations was not so accessible. Some letters
have been leceivcd in regard to the necessity of
these reservations, even since that debate; but
we had the conjectural estimates of the superin-
tendent, which showed that the sum asked for
there was far more moderate than what was asked
for the Texas reservation, to which the Senator
did not object, and what was asked for the Cali-
fornia reservation, to which he objected rather
more.
But, Mr. President, that is not all. There were
appropriations during the last year for Oregon
and Washington, including the bill for $300,000,
something like §413,000. We know there is a
deficiency which will swell the whole expenditure
of the present fiscal year to $713,000. The amount
asked here in the amended estimate is$349,500—
less than was voted last year, and voted upon less
information than we now have. Whatever reason
existed for voting the $300,000 in order to prevent
Indian hostilities in Oregon and Washington
Territories, exists now. We know we have two
systems of policy going on there—the one is car-
ried on by the Army, which suppresses actual
outbreak and war; the other is carried on by the
Department, which seeks to prevent these collis-
ions by making presents, by kindly treatment,
by removing the Indians to reservations, and sup-
portingand feeding them there. If there was any
necessity for it last year, there is necessity for it
next year; and the appropriations will be found
to be under the expenditures of this year, and
under what was appropriated last year.
| Now, this policy is something more than an
j anticipation. We have actual experience. VVe
j have the assurance of all the agents there, that it
j is necessary to do this. They tell us that if we
j do not feed the Indians on these reservations, but
! turn them loose, we shall have war with all the
| Indians. That is what we are told, and i say we
i are justified, upon such estimates and informa-
I tion, m voting this sum, sooner than withholding
! it now after they have been taught to expect it,
' after they have been induced to believe they are
i entitled to it by treaty. To withhold it now under
j such circumstances would most certainly lead to
those outbreaks and collisions which we are seek-
' ing to prevent.
! Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia allow me to ask luma question ?
Did I understand him to say that these appropri-
ations are for the purpose of feeding the Indians
upon the reservations ?
Mr. HUNTER, The appropriation upon
