1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
which the Senator from Tennessee was speaking,
was for feeding the Indians, putting up buildings,
and buying agricultural implements. Some of
them are on reservations which are allowed by
law. Others are on reservations which are not
authorized by law, and are called temporary col-
onies. The Indians and whites were mixed; war
broke out; our people were attacking them, and
the only policy consistent with peace was to gather
those of the Indians who were friendly on such
reservations as could be had, and feeding them
during that time.
If any one chooses to look into the letters ac-
companying the estimates, it will be found that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs has been con-
stantly enforcing on the agents there the necessity
of an economical use of money, so as not to teach
the Indians to believe that they might expect to
be subsisted wholly at the expense of the United
States, but to teacn them on the contrary that it
was necessary to do something to aid in their sub-
sistence. As far as he could, lie has given general
directions which were proper enough, but the
agents have returned for answer that they have
been obliged to go over what he recommended as
the limit, about $10,000 a month, on account of
these difficulties; and they say that if they had
not done so there would have been a general war
and general massacre in that country.
But, sir, the first of the amendments of the
Committee on Finance, upon which the Senator
from Tennessee commented, was:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian nervier
in Oregon Territory, including insurance and transportation
of annuities, goods, and presents, and office and traveling
expenses, of the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents,
$•39,000.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The honorable
Senator will recollect that I said when I rose that
I took no particular exceptions to that item, t
intended my remarks to apply to the whole
amendments collectively. I said I did not see
any particular objection to that clause. 1 con-
ceded that it might be necessary and proper.
Then 1 proceeded to read the other amendments
of the Committee on Finance proposing to make
an appropriation of over $800,000, instead of
#39,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I will take them as they
come. I have shown that the appropriations
here proposed are less than those of last year, to
which the Senator made no objection ihat I am
aware of, and certainly less than the expenditures
of this fiscal year. Let us take the amendments
as they come.
The next is:
Foradjustingdifficuliies and preventing outbreaks among
the Indians in the Territory of Oregon, $i 0,000.
The estimate of the Indian superintendent, Mr.
Hedges, was $20,000. The department thought
it might be cut down one half. Of the propriety
of such an appropriation, everybody must be
convinced.
The next is:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of Indians in Oiegon Teiritory to the reservations
therein, aiding them in piocuiing their own subsistence,
purchase of provisions and presents, and compensation of
laborers and other employes, $50,000.
The officers report that they are feeding some-
thing like six thousand Indians. This is between
eight and nine dollars a man. The Senator, as
I understood him before, did not object to the
Texas appropriation, which was between forty
and fifty dollars a man.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I cannot recollect
all the Senator's exceptions. Recollect that all
the information we had on the subject, which did
not come from the Committee on Finance, was
from the honorable Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,J who said that, according to the best in-
formation he had received, there were twenty-five
hundred Indians on the Texas reservations, and
they were coming in smartly.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will recollect
that he addressed his question to the Senator from
Texas, who of course answered it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. After I had applied
to the head of the Committee on Finance out of
respect.
Mr. HUNTER. The head of the Committee
on Finance had no opportunity of replying to the
Senator from Texas that day. Here was the in-
formation printed, if the Senator from Tennessee
would only have looked at it. One would suppose
that a leading member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs certainly would have looked over the re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. But
let us go on, sir; the next amendment is:
For restoring and maintaining peace with I ndian tribes in
Oregon Territory, or so much thereof as ninv be necereary
for expenditure during the year ending 30Ui of June, 1837,
$264,000. '
That is a deficiency proved to have been neces-
sary, and actually expended during the course—
I will not say of the war, but during the efforts
of the Indian agents to prevent war by gathering
the peaceful Indians together, and feeding- them.
Next we come to the appropriations for Wash-
ington Territory:
For the genera! incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Washington Territory, $40,000.
The appropriation for that object last year, to
which no objection was made, was $30,000. Here
there is an increase of $10,000; but there is a de-
duction of many other items. This increase is
said to be necessary by those who are on the
ground, and have most experience in the Terri-
tory. The next is:
For restoring and maintaining pcace with Indian tribes in
Washington Temtoiy. oi so much thereol as may be neces-
sary for expenditure dining the year ending 30 th Juno, 1857.
$79,COO.
That iw a deficiency actually expended under
circumstances with which the Senate is familiar.
The next appropriation is:
For defraying the expend of the removal and sulMst-
ence of Indians of Washington Terntory to the icservniions
therein, aiding them in proem mg tlicir own MibsNtence.
purchase of ptoviMons and piesenN, and compensation oi
laborers* and necessary employe, $bQ,U0tt.
Governor Stevens reports that they are feeding
more thru six: thousand Indians. This amount
is between nine and ten dolhus per head—far less
thun the expense of the Toxns reservation, to
which the Senator saw no objection. 1^ it likely
they could be sustained and fed for a less sum
than ten dollars a head ? It is to be remembered
that if this policy goes on, this source of expend-
iture is likely to increase, because they are con-
stantly removing Indians, as there is danger of
war breaking out, to these reservations, and feed-
ing and subsisting them at the expense of the
United States.
When we come to compare these appropriations
with what have been appropriated in other States
and Territories where Indian wars were being
carried on, it seems a little strange that so much
opposition should be raised to these items, when
nothing was said against, similar appropriations
at the last session, when larger appropriations in
fact were made, and when wo have seen so much
more expended elsewhere, without a word being
said in opposition. Sir, take the expenditures
upon the ('reeks, the Cherokees, and the Choc-
taws. I have been informed that, first and last,
something like $13,000,000 have been expended
on the Cherokee Indians. Is it probableanything
like that is to be expended on the Indians either
in California, Oregon, or Washington? Or did
the Senator from Tennessee ever see cause to
object to any of these treaties, or to any of these
expenditure's? If he did, I am not aware of the
fact.
But, sir, it is i m possible to avoid a large increase
of our Indian expenditures if we go on extin-
guishing Indian titles at the rapid rate at which
we have been proceeding for some years past. I
believe that, within the last four years, we have
acquired something like fifty millions of acres of
land. I believe Indian treaties have been made
to extinguish title to something like one hundred
and seventy-four millions of acres of land. If
we go on at this rate, it is inevitable that these
expenditures will increase. We all know how
those treaties come before us, and how they
are ratified. We know that there is no Senator
here under whose supervision those treaties have
passed more immediately than under that of the
Senator from Tennessee; and if he desires to pie-
vent these large Indian expenditures he must
strike at the cause—-he must put his ox at the root
of the tree. Jt is useless, after treaties have been
made and obligations incurred, to come in here
to object to the estimates and appropriations
which are the necessary consequence of such
treaties and such obligations. I do not see how,
in the face of the letters from the Indian agents
and from the superintendents in Oregon and
Washington, those who are best qualified to
judge, we could venture safely to reduce these
appropriations further than we have done. If
the Senator from Tennessee will show me how it
can be done safely, I will not only vote with him
cheerfully, but I will thank him for so doing.
But until that is done, I should be unwilling to
take the responsibility of merely voting down
these estimates blindly, and running the risk of
provoking, it may be, a general war and massacre
m Washington and Oregon. Some letters have
been received lately, since th#tiebnte which oc-
curred the other day on this subject. Here is
an extract fronfi a letter of the superintendent of
Indian affairs of Oregon Territory, dated Decem-
ber 17, 3856, and received at the Indian oifico
January 29, 1857:
u I have, by a previous mail, received a copv of the cir-
cular in reference to the drawing of the drafts, and have,
theiciore, eeused to draw unec the 2;2d of November. I
have, by every mail, so earnestly uiged upou youi attention
the absolute necessity for feeding the Indians who are
located upon the different reservations mud after next har-
vest, when a noeesMty foi opening and fencing farms and
putting Iaige erop^ upon the coast le&ervations, and upon
the Waim spring ieseivuti<m east of Cascade mountains for
the future support of the radians', and the fact that immedi
ate appropriations should be made for the purpose; that the
treatiesvvuii the Mollales beanngdat«31s>t December, 1855,
with the Wascoeand Dcshutes bearing date 25th June, i'd55,
and with the coast tribes bearing date llfh August, 1P55,
should be ratified, and the funds to carry them out remitted
immediitfely; have on the Ilth October forwarded an esti-
mate of the funds needed in the piescnt quarter, and on the
8th of this nion Hi forwarded climate of Amds needed in the
lii^t quaiter. 1857, which estimate*, although covering an
j enormous amount of money, f then stated to be no more
' than was required to preserve peace with the Indians and
luliiUthe promises made by the late Supeuntendent I'atmer
in inducing the Indiana to lo< ale upon jc.mji vatious,a comae
oi policy which I had leason to bulievewas approved of by
you; having done all this, I can only wait your action,
winch I do with great anxiety, but with hope that all will be
right.''
Ilere ih another letter from Superintendent
Hedges, of Oregon:
OH'Iok Superintendent Indian Affairs,
Okloon City, Decembers, I&36.
Sir : Ifeiewith I have the honor to forward my estimate
of the funds needed at this supeiintcndeney to meet the ex-
penses of the first quarter, 1857, amounting to one hundred
and nine thousand six hundred and sixty-seven dollars and
Iiiiy cents, ($il)0,G(>7 50.)
Although this is an enormous amount, it is not an over
estimate,! believe, in any one particular. The items for the
Grande Ronde reservation are legitimate expenditures undei
treaty stipulations, and every cent estimated for will be
needed.
The items estimated for the coast tribes are indispensable,
if the laith of these Indians in the Government is desired,
ami peace with them expected J am not informed of the
unification ot the treaty with them, but would most earn-
estly impie « upon you my firm conviction that war with
those Indians is inevitable unless the terms of that treaty
aie complied with by the Government.
Two physicians and .stewards are found indispensable
upon the eoa^t reservation—one at Sidmon river, and one
at Silctz and Yoqiionah. [ know not whether the treaty
with the YVaseoe and Deshute tribes of ;i5th June, 1855
has been confirmed, but have climated under it. I hope
it has been ratified; but if it has not, a remittance of the
amounts estimated lor physicians, beef, and clothing, will
bo necessary to preserve the peas-e and goodwill 6t the
Indians named, the most of whom have remained fiicndly
during the late war, having faith in the promise-, of Super-
intendent Palmer and agent Thompson. It will not now
do to violate tho-c promises.
hi estimating tor subsistence of Indians, I have put beef
ai ten cent* per pound, although contracts have been made
at lesq figures, and tonvaided to your office ; but J fear that,
as 1 have not funds to comply with the payments provided
for in tiiose contracts, the contractors will throw them up,
and I shall consequently have to get beef at whatever pnee
I can.
Notwithstanding the remark in yom letter of 18th Octo-
ber, that "the policy of subsisting Indians in large numbers
is to be regarded ay a temporary expedient only," 1 would
respectfully represent that the Indians upon the Grande
Ronde reservation, coast reset valion, attho mouth of Umqna
river, and at the Dalles of the Columbia, comprising all
those estimated for in the accompanying estimate,
fed until after next harvest, sayist August, or must be
fought *, there w no alternative.
Nothing but a firm conviction of the true state of the
matter could induce me to make this statement. 1 feel it to
be so, and J do not want to see these Indians turned loose
again to butcher and to be butchered, as ui oui late wat,
without entering mj earnest protest against it. The amount
estimated for in my hurried estimate of 10th October last,
for the purchase of flour and beet, was, and is absolutely
necessary for the puipose named : and the amounts ivanu'd
in the accompanying Cbtimate to this communication are
also additionally necessary for like purpose*. The necessi-
ties' of the Indians demand that the whole of the unexpended
balances oi lunds remaining in your hands, applicable to the
purchase of annuity goods for the year ending dJth June,
1837, loi the seveial tribes in this supemitendency, should
| [ immediately bp placed at my disposal.
j! A part of the Kogue liiver tribe of the Cow Creek band
II of Umpquas,andtbeShastas,Scotons,an l Umpquas, were
!| engaged in the late war; but their annuities are small,
! their necessities so urgent, and the part taken by them m
I ■ the war so difficult to determine, that I cannot recommeii
that any part of their annuities for thi« year be withheld.
