1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sl
Oregon. I wanted the Senator from Virginia,
however, the other day, to give us information
on the subject. I had none, and I am sure the
Senator had not, except the estimates.
Mr. HUNTER. I had nothing but the general
estimate of the superintendent.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Senator did
not know how many Indians were on the reser-
vaiion, or how many reservations there were. I
asked the question in a kindly manner, so that I
might receive information to regulate my conduct.
Now, in regard to Washington Territory, I do
not know how to withhold my vote from the ap-
propriations there proposed, though 1 have not
felt confidence in the information coming from
Governor Stevens alone. 1 do not impugn his
honor or his capacity; I do not charge him with
willful misrepresentations; but many of his esti-
mates are necessarily conjectural anil speculative.
His policy is to locate the Indians on reservations
where they will not prevent the rapid settlement
■ of the country by a white population; and he
may suppose that he can effect a gr<?&t deal. I
do not desire, however, to provoke any further
discussion on that point; but I may well ask
what has been effected by the appropriations
made heretofore ? I have no particular informa-
tion on this point, but since the Senator from
Virginia has investigated the question and sanc-
tions the measure, I shall be shielded from any
charge of prodigality in voting for these appro-
priations. I said from the first that I had no in-
formation to satisfy me whether they were right'
or wrong. Now we have something to rest
upon. We are informed that there are six thou- '
sand Indians on the reservations in Oregon. I
should think that that number would include !
nearly all the Indians within that Territory. I }
supposed, when we organized the Territory, that j
six thousand would be a liberal allowance for all
the tribes there. They had been living in peace
and quiet in that country before, resorting to the
British trading posts occasionally, but committing
no hostilities, and seeming to have no disposition
to do mischief.
The other day, Mr. President, I extended my
remarks a little further, and I do not at all with-
draw what I then said. The course of policy
pursued by this Government, the want of ener-
gy, or the want of a proper sense of the public
duties of the officers appointed by the Executive
in the Territories of Washington and Oregon, has
brought on the country the consequences of the
Indian wars and the atrocities which have been
committed on both sides, l^uppose that a great
deal of what was stated this morning by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] cannot
be disputed. I have said that the Executive
Government has shown itself either deficient in a
knowledge of its duty, or willfully negligent of its
duty, or had become imbecile in the control of the
population of those distantTerritones. As I said
before, instead of the Government ruling the set-
tlers, they are ruling the officers, the Governors,
superintendents, &c.; the settlers do as they
please. I did not say that all the officers acted j
in this way, for I have no doubt there are among !
them honorable exceptions, as there are always '
in such cases. Instead of controlling them, how- !
ever, by the proper exorcise of the power of this i
Government through the Army, through the or- j
ders issued promptly and energetically, the pop- )
ulation of those Territories is absolutely control-!
ling and dictating the policy of this Government. !
1 said it was not the fault of the Executive Depart- ;
ment only that these things had taken place. I
said that Congress was purtkeps criminis, in pari 1
delicto, with the Executive. I alluded to the fact, '
that otherqursttons had absorbed the public mind,
and bad blotted out from the thought, the mem-
ories, and the attention of members of the Senate
and the House of Representatives, the consider-
ation of what was due to the public interest in
a careful examination of these matters. When-
ever one great question agitates the public mind >
throughout all the country, whether it concerns i
our foreign or our internal relations, confusion, !
disorder, irregularity, not to say corruption, '<
reign in our distant provinces and upon our bor- |
ders._ That is the general and natural tendency \
of things, and therefore it was that I supposed '
the attention of Senators generally had never been i
drawn to this subject. |
Is it possible that the narrative which was 1
recited this morning by the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire could, under any ordinary
state of public affairs, have passed without excit-
ing a common feeling of indignation and rebuke
throughout this whole country ? Yet the honor-
able Senator, I suppose, communicated to the
Senate information of which I presume not half
the Senators in this body had any knowledge. I
had heard of it before; I had read that correspond-
ence; but it was not my intention to invoke the
attention of the Senate to that particular transac-
tion, because I supposed it would interfere with
what was a legitimate inquiry here when the
appropriation bill was under consideration—that
was, whether there was sufficient information to
justify us in voting the largo appropriations in-
cluded within the several amendments reported
by the Senator fiom Virginia, embracing, as the
Senator from New Hampshire said, nearly one
million of dollars, $700,000 of which is for Oregon
and Washington alone. 1 say these Territories
control the policy of the Government on this sub-
ject, instead of this Government controlling them.
I admitted the other day, that I had made a
mistake, as I supposed it must now be perceived
to be, when 1 voted to give the ordinal settlers in
Oregon a section of land each. Upon what was
that policy founded? The idea was to dispense
with an expensive system of military posts, and
lessen the great cost of the transportation of the
supplies necessary to he sent there, before the
country was cultivated and settled. We offered
a section of land as a gi utility to every emigrant
who would go and settle in that country. For
what purpose > 1 n order to be able to defend them-
selves against any .sudden aggression in case the
Indians should brcuiue hostile. It was said that
there was luti a handful of sealers in Oregon; that
the general attraction was towards the gold placers
in California; and that it was difficult to induce
emigration to go into Oregon. It was said, too,
that a few settlers in Oregon, in the event of an
unexpected irruption occurring, would be in dan-
ger of" being cut off unless the Government estab-
lished military posts and kept them in supplies.
I believe now that it was a wrong policy to give
any such encouragement; hut that is past.
Mr. President, our Indian appropriations have
reached the large sum of two and a half millions
of dollars, as the result of the acquisition of new
territories, and the unnecessary and rapid extin-
guishment of the Indian title to Indian territory
formerly within onrsovereignty. Up to the period
when that policy commenced, seven or eight years
ago, the Indian appropriation bill may be said
annually to have amounted to about one million
of dollars. Since then it has reached two mil-
lions,and I believe this year the amount is beyond
three millions. Ilcre is a great increase of the
Indian appropriations within a few years, since
we became smitten with the idea of settling up the
whole continent, and particularly all that part of
it ^within our immediate reach. I have heard
other gentlemen say, " Look at the amount of
money that has flown into your Treasury from
the lands which you have bought from the In-
dians,and these appropriations amount to only a
small percentage of that sum for the benefit of i
the poor Indian." Sir, if the poor Indian got it, !
that would be another consideration. Whether ]
the Indians hav.e been beneiinanes, or whether
they have not been sufferers to a great extent, j
may be made a question. No doubt they have \
been beneficiaries to some extent, but to a com- I
paratively small extent. j
As I have said, if the amendments proposed by j
the Senator from Virginia be adopted, the appro- '
priations for the Indian service during the pres- ]
ent year will be $."5,000,000; and that sum, I under- ,
stand, does not include the amount invested in j
stocks belonging to the Indians, though it includes '
the interest payable on those- stocks. This is not j
the only increase of expense. The appropriations ]
for the transportation of troops and arms and j
munitions and provisions to the new Territories j
have increased $,j,000,000 since we commenced i
this policy of acquisition. Before that time seven 1
or eight millions of dollars may be considered as !
the average range of our military appropriations;
but cow you send extensive military expeditions ■
into the-interior of the country east of the Rocky j
Mountains, up the Missouri, up the Mississippi, j
at a vast expense, to New iMexico, to California, |
to Oregon, and to Washington Tinl has been i
done at an enormous cost for the transportation
of supplies and provisions. The military appro-
priations from those causes have risen from seven
or eight millions to twelve or thirteen millions a
year. • <„. <
Here, then, is an increase of$5;O0O,OOO for tfa
military service, and $2,000,000 for' the Indian
service, making altogether $7,000,000 for the pro-
tection of our frontier and the suppression of In-
dian hostilities—because there would be no neces-
sity for troops in the far interior for any other
purpose m consequence of our recent policy in
regard to the extension of our territories. ' •
I throw out these remarks for what they are
worth, trusting that they will excite the attention
of members of the Senate, and that wc shall, for
the future, keep some control over our Indian
treaties, Indian wars, and Indian policy in all its
branches. If I ^ave succeeded in drawing atten-
tion to that point, it is the most I can expect.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to pro-
long the debate; but in justice to the Department,
and to Governor Stevens, I desire to show that
tlu; reductions of the estimates are not mere ar-
bitrary reductions. The estimate of Governor
Stevens was ^738,909. Some of the items the
Department thought proper, and it recommended
them—$40,000 for general contingencies; and for
restoring and maintaining a friendly disposition
with the Indian tribes,*$150,000. T|iat;was some-
thing like the proportion of the, §300,00(1 appro-
priation of last year assigned to Washington.
Here is an estimate which it. did not sanction:
" Tionties with Indian tribes,$20,000."
The Department did not recommend that.
Then;
'•' 'iinyitie into effect treaties made with Indian tribes.
The Department did not recommend that, be-
cause the treaties were not ratified. Then comes
another item which it did recommend;
" Kor nidtainme, on the innervations. hostile tribes who
have heeu ledueed to submission, '5
This item the Department sanctioned and rec-
ommended. Those which it did not sanction
were for treaties not ratified, or general appro-
priations for making treaties. They were gov-
erned by such principles in reducing the estimates
of other superintendents and agents.
Mr. WELLER. I rise mainly for the purpose
of correcting some mistakes which I myself made
the other day in regard to the number of Indians
placed on the reservations in California. I had
not read the report of the Superintendent accom-
panying the President's message, for it has been
but very recently laid on ourtablos, I stated from
my general knowledge of the reservations in Cal-
ifornia, that there were between five and six thou-
sand Indians there. I supposed that at some
portions of the year there was a much larger
number, and again, at another jwrtion of the year,
when the acorns mid fruiisare ripe, a much smaller
number. The Superintendent of Indian Affaira
puts down the aggregate at ten thousand. I
stated, in answer to the Senatorfrom Tennessee,
a few minutes ago, the manner in which these
Indians were distributed throughout the State of
California. The first reservation that is spoken
of here is at the Tejon pass in the southern part
of the State:
" Tlio (piaiitity of land in cultivation this year is about
seven huudied acres ; live hundred of which arc in wheat
and harley, and the remainder in corn and vegetable*; most
of the latter hem;; the e\-eiu.-ivc property <>(' the Indians,
cultivated entirely by them, and 111 their leva way. Tile
Indians work eheejl'tilly, anil perform all the labor upon
the tUiin, white men iieiiiLi: on!) employed as oveiseers and
mechanic-. Owmyto the e.\traonhnai y drought of the past
sea-on in that portion oi the Htatc, the product of the farm
is much less than it should have been ; cuou^Jl, however,
ha- been produced lor tile consumption of the place."
The next leseivutiou is that at the Fresno or
King's river. There eigliL hundred acrcs of land
were in cultivation during the past year. Pass-
ing' from that to the Nome Lacke reservation,
there were one thousand acres of land in cultiva-
tion on that U'servation. The Superintendent of
Indian Affans says of it;
" Nothing in the pursuits of industry could have been mora
sain: let.H}' or interesting than iho harvesting of the. wheat
crop; it was cut entirely with smallGerinan reaping-hooks,
which vveie used by tiie Indians with extraordinary dexter-
rty. About two handled men, tarnished with these sickles,
cut the wheat and threw it into hunches, and were lollovved
bv a ■mfflcient number of women ami boys to bind it into
sheave,-, and |>ut it into stacks ready for threshing. In this
way, and at their lcisuie. in about ten da; a. taking u as it
