1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
here at this late day, at the close of this session,
for purposes which, to my mind, justify me in
-voting against every dollar, if there was no other
circumstance.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to correct a mis-
apprehension of the Senator from.. New Hamp-
shire, arising from the inference which he draws
from the fact of the very^late advent of these
amendments in the Senate." I have received, since
the commencement of the discussion, some offi-
cial notes and memoranda from the Indian office,
in which that fact is adverted to, and an excuse
given that, after the rendering of the general re-
port on the 4th of November last, it was some
time before additional reports came in from the
superintendents of Indian affairs in Washington
and Oregon Territories. As soon as the official
reports enabled the head of the Indian office to
make out the estimates, they wei-e transmitted to
the Finance Committee of this body, because the
bill had then passed the other House.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question. Why were they sent to that com-
mittee ? Is that usual ? Is the reasonthat he has
just given sufficient, viz: that the bill had passed
the other House? I do not think it so myself. Is
there any reason why they should have passed
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, where the
matter should be inquired into, and sent to the
Finance Committee ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am not able to answer
the inquiry of the Senator why the Indian Com-
mittee, who have always had charge of these esti-
mates heretofore, was passed by, and they were
Bent to the Finance Committee. The fact is as I
have stated. The bill was hero, and they were
forwarded to the Finance Committee. It was
ample reason why they were not sent to the other
House sooner than they were; but I am unable 1
to say why they did not receive the proper direc-
tion by being sent to the Indian Committee
instead of the Finance Committee.
Mr. WELLER. I think the Indian appro-
priation bill this year passed the House of Rep-
resentatives much earlier than usual. Is not that
the fact ?
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Indian ap-
propriation bill passed before most of the letters
came in on which these estimates were founded.
That is what the Commissioner told me.
Mr. TOOMBS. But why were these estimates
eent to the Finance Committee rather than to the
Indian Committee, who had had charge of this
policy ? That was an unusual course. Was it ex-
pected that difficulties would arise in the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs from those who did know
something about the former policy? Was a dif-
ferent place and an easier one wanted for passing
these items through ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know what is the
reason. If they had come in earlier they would
have been printed in the general estimates which
would have gone to the Committee of Ways and
Means jn the other House,and Finance here, as
much as the general estimates for the Cherokees,
Choctaws, &c.
Mr. TOOMBS. It isagainst the law to include
them in the general estimates unless there is legal
authority for it. There is no law for tins, and it
would be illegal to put it in the general estimates
unless there was a law for it.
Mr. HUNTER. We have a great many esti-
mates that come in, for which there is no special
law. Where is the general law for fuel and quar-
ters ? Is not that in the estimates ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator knows that an
estimate for an appropriation necessary to carry
on the Departments is allowed. There must be
a special law or the item must be for the expenses
of a Department; but these extraordinary esti-
mates are illegal and against the law of the land.
Mr. HUNTER. The only foundation for one
is that they have been in the appropriation bills
year after year. This is the third year that ap-
propriations are made for reservations in an ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. They came from other com-
mittees, and were proposed as an extraordinary
policy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the object of
the appropriation for which we are now asked to
vote r
Mr. PEARCE. The question has been asked ,
for what purposes this appropriation will be ,
applied. I find the answer given in the items of
estimates, as they are called. They are such pur-
poses as the following: office expenses, traveling
expenses, insurance. I understand it is now the
custom to insure the goods transported to that
country for distribution among the Indians.
Transportation itself is included under this gen-
eral head; also, the transportation of annuities,
presents, and agricultural implements. These
are the items of this general head of incidental
expenses.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resftlted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Biggs, Brown, Butler, Clay, Crittenden, Geyer, Hunter,
James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, M allory, Mason,
Pearce, Reid, Sebastian, Sliilell, Toucey, Welter, Wright,
and Yulee—23.
NAYS —Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Fessenden,
Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hale, Harlan, Houston, Nourse,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indian tribes in
Washington Territory, §150,000.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask the Senator
from Virginia for some explanation of this item.
I understand it is not to defray expenditures al-
ready made there under thcdirection ofthe Indian
department, luit is a general estimate of what they
suppose may be necessary. The next amend-
ment appropriates $79,000 for restoring and main-
taining peace within the present year.
Mr. HUNTER. That is for a-deficiency.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have no objection
to that; but the other, 1 think, stands on a dif-
ferent ground.
Mr. HUNTER. This is designed for the same
purpose for which the appropriation of $300,000
was designed. This is the proportion assigned
for Washington Territory. It is a peace policy,
which is managed by removing ihe Indians, feed-
ing them, and so on.
The amendment was agreed to: there being, on
a division—ayes 2], noes 12.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indian tribes
m Washington Territory, or so much thereof as may lie
necessary for expenditure during the vear ending June ;!0,
1857, J$7 ,(KW.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For defraying the expensesot the removal and ^iilisistoiicc
of Indians of Washington Territory to the i enervation''there-
in, aiding theni in proeunng their own subsistence, pftrdiase
of provisions and piesentw, and compensation of laborers
and necessary employes, $00,000: Provided, That a part of
said sum, not exceeding $4,917, may, hy direction of the
Secretary ofthe lntenoi,be applied lor the payment of' the
just value of lands, improvements, and preemption claims
owned by whites loeated witlnn the Indian reseivation
established on tlfe south side of Commencement bay, in
Washington Territory, for the I'uyallup, and other bauds of
Indians, on the ruhmpiiahinent of said laud*, improvements,
and elaims, to the United Htates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian scrvicc;
in the Territory of New Mexico—presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles—and in as-
siHing them to locate in permanent abodes, and sustain
themselves hy the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, $47,500.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Arkansas, the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Sebastian,] whether lie
proposes to separate the offices of superintendent
and Governor in Utah Territory ? 1 believe the
duties of superintendent arc discharged by Gov-
ernor Young. I think it very important that they
should be separated in that Territory. There are
reasons which applv there that perhaps do not
apply to any other Territory, and therefore I ask
the question.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In answer to the question
of the Senator from California, I can say that I !
am instructed by the Committee oil Indian Affairs
to report an amendment providing for the separa-
tion of the superintendency in all the Territories
xvhere the duties of Governor and superintendent
arc performed by the same person. It embraces
the Territories of Washington, New Mexico, anil
Utah.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was:
To carry into effect trestles with the Ottovva and Chip-
pewa Indians, viz: To enable the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to Kinuwais, or David King, of Carp and Chocolate
rivers, Michigan, the amount designed to have been secured
to him in the tenth article of the treaty of 28th March,
vyith the Ottowasand Cliippewas,ifhe shall,on full inves-
tigation, be satisfied the same has not been paid, $100.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was:
For payment of this amount to William King, in accord-
ance with schedule C, attached to the treaty with the Six
Nations of New York, proclaimed April 4,1840, in accord-
ance with the resolution of the Senate of March '25, 1840,
$1,500. ' '
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For the expenses of surveying and marking tile external
boundaries of Indian pueblos, in the Territory of New
Mexiso, $p,750.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ia the
last amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs has a
large number of amendments, some of which will
unquestionably give rise to debate; and, as the
usual hour of adjournment has arrived, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senator Will
withdraw the motion for a moment, to allow me
to say that I have five or six amendments that I
think will provoke no discussion. I shall be very
happy to make the experiment of endeavoring to
get through this bill to-day. Senators arc aware
that for Monday there is other business which it
is presumed will engage the Senate at that time.
1 think that in a few minutes I can get through
with my amendments. I shall not oiler a word
of explanation of them, presuming them to be all
right and satisfactory to Ihe Senate, unless some
one calls for an explanation.
Ml'. PEARCE. I wish to suggest that it would
be well, 1 think, if the Senator from Arkansas
would submit his amendments and have them
read now for the information of the Senate. Then
we can see them in the papers, and know some-
thing about them when they are proposed.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to have them
read,and piintedin the debates. I withdrawmy
motion for that purpose.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I send the amendments
to the Secretary and consider them as read, and
move that they he printed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate ad-
journed.    _____
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 2, 18u7.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. - Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waluo.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing a bill to amend an act
therein named.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk of the House, cover-
ing an order of the Legislative Assembly of
Canada, transmitting a set of documents to the
House; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
OREGON BILL A CORRECTION.
Mi-. GROW. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri allow me to hove a clerical error corrected
in an enrolled bill—the bill to authorize the people
of Oregon to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment ? It is merely to have the word " merid-
ian" substituted for " parallel."
There being imi objection, the correction was
made.
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES FOR VERMONT.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to give way to allow me to offer a joint
resolution.
Mr. PHELFS. I am apprised of the nature
