1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stand as the judgment of the House.'" was put,
and the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I have but a word
or two to say to indicate to the House the motion
which I am about to make. Since I moved the
postponement of this question last Monday for
one week, the bill has been considered, and two
or three alterations of an important character
have been made in relation to its details. I will
state what they are. The first one is substituting,
in the fifth chapter, boys of sixteen years of age
for boys of eighteen years of age. The second
is imposing tonnage duty twice where it was be-
fore three times; and the third is to strike out
the limitation on importing beer, ale, &c., in
quantities not less than forty gallons.
Mr. Speaker, there are certain objections which
have been made to this bill; and I have received
a memorial from a committee purporting to act
in behalf of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York; but I will say that the memorialists are
under an entire misapprehension of the pro-
visions of the bill as it now stands. The diffi-
culties they refer to are obviated by the bill as
amended.
I now propose to offer, as a substitute for the
original bill, a bill which incorporates all the
amendments reported by the committee, in order
to obviate the necessity of taking a vote upon
each amendment separately. There is, however,
one other amendment, which has been made at
the suggestion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is an important amendment, and postpones the
time when the bill shall go into operation to the
commencement of the fiscal year 1858. The rea-
sons for it are quite obvious. If the Treasury
Department shall he reorganized on the 4th of
March next, the bill will have the examination
and scrutiny of the new officers of the Treasury;
and if by possibility any error or mistake shall
have crept into the bill, the next Congress will,
by repeal or additional enactments, cover any
defect.
I offer the substitute for the original bill; and
upon that I demand the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Maine as offering the substitute, with-
out accompanying that with another motion'to
postpone until Monday next?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to reconsider, and no other motion can be
entertained until that is disposed of, and upon
that motion the previous question is demanded.
The substitute ennnot now be received.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question for a
single moment.
Mr. FULLER, ofMainc. I withdraw the call.
Mr. WALKER. I think, Mr. Speaker, that"
I am entitled to that much courtesy at the hands
of the gentleman from Maine, because in the day
set apart for the discussion of this bill the discus-
sion was confined to himself. He intimated to
me a desire that there should be, so far as our
limited time allowed, a full and careful considera-
tion of this bill. I have paid some attention to
it. I find on examining it that it covers, in its
first shape as it came to us from the hands of the
committee, three hundred and forty-nvo printed
p^iges, without counting the numerous amend-
ments resulting from still further searches on the
part of the committee. It consists of fourteen
long chapters, the first and second of which—
containing, the one, one hundred and eleven, the
other, thirty-seven sections—are wholly and en-
tirely new to our revenue system. I find, sir, on
running my eye through the long bill, that it con-
tains four hundred and fourteen sections 
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I gave way to the
gentleman, not to allow him to make a speech, but
to ask a question.
Mr. WALKER. I will state to the House
that what I am now saying is preliminary to the
question which I design to propound. It is not
my wish to consume time unnecessarily, but the
importance of this bill must strike every gentle-
man on this floor. It proposes to effect an entire
change in our whole revenue system. That the
existing laws are defective, there can be no ques-
tion, for they run throughout the whole history
of our Government, dating back from its incep-
tion up to this,very hour. Many of those, laws
«re doubtless defective and contradictory; but the
Departments have become familiarized not only
with the phraseology, but with the operation,of
the existing laws. In regard to most of them,
they.have undergone judicial investigation, and
the country has been made cognizant of the judi-
cial interpretation of these laws. And now we
are called upon to vote on this bill, without its
bein°p subjected to analysis in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, whore all
its provisions might have been discussed and con-
sidered. We are called upon, under the force
and pressure of the previous question, to do what ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Will the gentleman
pardon me for interrupting him again ? He rose
to put aquestion.
Mr. WALKER. I will put this question: I
will ask the gentleman a question, and if he do
not answer it properly, I think the House will.
I ask him whether he thinks it is wise and states-
manlike, without consideration, and in this hot
haste, to force on the country and on the Depart-
ments a system of measures which have not been
discussed, and of which this House and the coun-
try have no cognizance ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I will respond to
the gentleman's question by saying that this bill
has been considered for years by the Treasury
Department, and as carefully as its ability and
integrity will permit. It has been considered in
the Senate, and passed there. The first two chap-
ters to which the gentleman makes objection have
been considered by two Congresses in this House;
and I believe the bill isas perfect as it can be made,
and that this House is as well qualified to act upon
it now as it will be in any subsequent Congress.
Mr. WALKER. 1 want to ask another ques-
tion. It is, whether the proposed substitute, form-
ing that large volume at the Clerk's table, has been
printed and subjected to the examination of this
House ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I will say to thp
gentleman from Alabama, that the bill has been
printed over aud over again. Every one of the
amendments has also been printed, with the excep-
tion of three or four trivial ones to which I have
alluded this morning.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HAVEN called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. Would it be m order to have
the bill read now ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. There seems to be some
difference of opinion as to what would be the re-
sult of this vote. The question, as 1 understand
it, and as stated by the Chair, is, " Shall the main
question be now put?" which main question is
on the postponement of the consideration of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The main question is on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. GREENWOOD. And if the motion to
reconsider be voted down, that is, as [ understand
it, an end of the bill.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays (>8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ak(■!'■', Albright, Allison, Bart,our, Bar-
clay, Bell, Jleil'-on, Hillinghurst. lliiifiham, Bliss, Bowie,
Bradshaw, Branch, Hufimton, flurlingame, C'adwaiador,
James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Oaruthers, rankle,
Chaffee, Jiayaid Clarke, !>,ia i'jaik, Collar, Comnis, Uo-
vode. Ciorrm, Cullen, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Den-
ver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Duifee, English,
Etheridge, Eusns, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J.
j-l. Fuller,Galloway, Granger, Giow, Au'pisliw. Hall, Robert
It. Hall, Harlan, Herbert, Hodges, Ilolloway, B'nv-trfl,
Hughston, Jewett, Kelly, Kcmieu, Kincr, Knapp, Kno'.vlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Mace, McCarty, Killian Miller, Millson,
Morrill, Alott, iVorton, Parker, Peck, Peririinpum, I'ettit,
Pike, Prtngle, Purviauce, Heady, Itobbins, Roberts, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Reward, Sherman, Samuel A. Smith,
Wtlliam It. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewarl, Stranabaii,
Tappan, Thorili^ton, Thurston, Todd, Tradon, Tyson,
Underwood, Vail,Valk, Wade, Wakeman,WTa!biid£e, G'ad-
watader C. Washburne, EllibuIi.Wasbburne, I; raol Wash-
burn, Watson, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Woodvvorth,
and Zollicoffer—114.
NA5TS—Messrs. Aiken, liarksttale, Ilendley S. Bennett,
Coeock, Boyee, Hrenton, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Ctmg-
man, Williamson li. W Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawt'oid, Da-
vidson, Dowdcll, Edmundson.lSlliou, Flagler, Foster,Gar-
nett, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston,
George W. Jones, Kidwcll, Knight, Lake, Leitei, Letcher,
Al&xamkir K. Marshall. Humphiey Marshall, Miau elj,
SlcMuIlm, McQueen, Mjore, Moissn, Murray. Paek-i,
Paine
Ruflin', Kustj
Powell, Quitman, Readc, Ricaud,
!se, Savage, snorter, Simmons TsJbott,
So the main question was ordered. , ' . .
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, : -
The question recurred on tlie motion to post-
pone the further- consideration of the bill estab-
lishing the collection districts of the United States,
and designating the ports of entry and ports of
delivery in the same, and for other purposes, tilt
the 9th of December, 1856.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, moved the previous
question.
Mr. HAVEN. X would like to say one word J
if I can, in reference to the merits of the bill, X
have no desire to make any factious opposition
to 
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Under the call for
the previous question debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order unless
by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. IIAVEN. Very well. I have no desire,
Mr. Speaker, to make any factious opposition to
this bill. 1 have never done that in regard to any
bill.
There arc many provisions in the bill which I
think excellent, some that are indifferent,' and
others positively bad. I should like to vote for
the bill with some amendments, which I think
very material; but if the previous question is to be
insisted upon—and the gentleman having charge
of the bill [Mr. Fuller] admonishes me it is to
bo—and no amendments are to be allowed, then
I am very decidedly against the bill, [cries of
" Order !!'] and I h ere wash my hands of the
whole concern. I advise the House that there
are sections of the bill that, in my opinion, violate
the Constitution; are unprecedented in legislation;
and, in very essential particulars, change the
common law. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Other gentlemen may vote for it if they please, as
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order now to have
the bill read ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order,
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, as nobody has
read the bill except the chairman of the commit-
tee, I hope the bill will be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I ask that tKe
original bill be read first, aud then the substitute.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I wish to ask whether it would be
in order to move to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce?
The SPEAKER. Not while the call for the
previous question is pending.
Mr. BOYCE. I wish to say one word in the
way of a question of privilege. It would take a
week to read the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
privilege.
Mr. ROYCE. Then I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is that motion in
i order at this time ?
; The SPEAKER. It is in order,
j Mr. SAVAGE. Can I inquire as to thanum-
i ber of pages composing the bill ?
j The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
! time.
1 Mr. STEPHENS. Is it not competent for the
' House to dispense with the reading of the bill?
I The SPEAKER. It is.
i Mr. STEPHENS. Then I move to dispense
j with the reading of the bill.
! Mr. JOiNES, of Tennessee. It will take a
two-third vote to do that, because the rule requires
the bill to be read.
The SPEAKFjR. It will, if there be objection.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee. I object.
The SPEAKER. JThe Chair is of opinion
that unless the House suspend its rules any mem-
ber of the House has the right to demand the
reading of the bill-.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to suspend the
rule which requires the reading of a bill; and I
take this occasion to state that I have not made
up my mind as to this bill. I think I shall vote
against it. But I do not want to have three or
four days occupied in its reading.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Geor-
gia tell me whether he has read the bill *
