1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
reports from committees.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom were referred the
following bills, reported them without amend-
ment:
An act (H. R. No. 505) for the relief of John
L. Vattier; and
An act (H. E. No. 524) for'the relief of Ben-
jamin R. Gantt.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
K. No. 504) for the relief of George P. Baltzell,
assignee of James P. Roan, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
.the bill (If. R. No. 498) for the relief of William
Poole, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Joseph
Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania; and
An act (II. R. No. 589) for the relief of Henry
T. Mudd, of Missouri.
Mr. BRODIIEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 575) for the relief of John Huff, of Texas,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was refeyed the petition of H.
W. Benliam, administrator of John McNeil, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
545) releasing to the legal representatives of John
McNeil, deceased, the title of the United States
to a certain tract of land. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom i
was referred the memorial of Jane Smith, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 54fi)
authorizing Mrs. Jane Smith to enter certain
lands in the State of Alabama. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 388) for the relief of Dr. James Morrow,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of the
lieirs of Jacques Godfroy; and
An act (II. R. No. 590) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Jeremiah Bryan.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring m a bill (S. No.
548) establishing a mail route on Puget Sound, in
Washington Territory; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
SALLY T. MATHEWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Coixom, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives agree to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 296)
for the relief of Sally T. Mathews.
The Senate concurred in the report.
CAPTAIN THOMAS DUNCAN.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 587) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Duncan, of the United States Army, with
the recommendation thatit pass. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up the bill now
and pass it. It is for the relief of a captain of the
Army who is about to leave the city, if he has
not already gone, and merely provides for the
location of land on duplicate land warrants, the
o'riginals of which have been lost through the
mail.
There bcingno objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee ofthe Whole, to consider the bill.
It was reported to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to athird reading, read the third time, and
passed.
presidential votes.
Mr BIGLER, I discover, on looking over the
history of presidential elections, that it has been
the custom on the 31st day of January preceding
a presidential inauguration, to raise a committee
in each branch of Congress for the purpose of
examining into the mode of counting and determ-
ining the votes for President. With a view to
that purpose, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee ba appointed, to join such
committee as may be appointed liy the House of Repre-
sentatives, to ascertain ami report a mode of examining
the votes for President and Vice President of the United
States, and of notifying the pcr&ons elected of their elec-
tion.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I su _
consist of three members.
It was so ordered; and the President pro tem-
pore appointed, on the part of the Senate, as mem-
bers of the committee, Messrs. Bioler, Benja-
min, and Foot.
RANSDELL PEGG.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 330) for the relief of Ratisdell
Pegg; which directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay him $108 50, being the amount of
difference between the pay received by him as a
watchman at the east wing of the Patent Office
and that received by other watchmen of that
building, from the 23a of July, 1849, to the 1st
of October, 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered lo a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NAVAL DESERTIONS, ETC.
Mr. WKLLIiR. I move to take up the motion
to reconsider the vote on the resolutions of the
Senator from Texas lclativc to desertions from
the Navy since :28th February , 1835, and other
subjects concerning the naval service.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
agreed to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the resolution
be passed over informally, as the chairman of
the Naval Committee is not present, and I do not
wish to take any advantage of lus absence.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM F. RUSSELL.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of William F. Russell, of Florida, reported a bill
(S. No. 547) for his relief, which was read afirst
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that this bill may be
passed at once. No debate is necessary in regard
to it. It is to appropriate £1,200 to pay for two
houses which, while in possession of our troops
in Florida, were accidentally burnt.
There being no objection, the bill for the relief
of William F. Ruiisell, of Florida, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretaiy of War to
pay him §1,200 ill full remuneration for the loss
sustained by him at Fort Capron, Florida, on the
15th of December, 1853, by the burning of his
two houses, then m the occupancy of the United
States troops.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed fat a
third reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to hear
under what circumstances those houses were
burnt.
Mr. JOHNSON. The circumstances were
these: There were two very humble tenements at
the fort, and they were, under the orders of the
commanding officer, taken possession of for the
use of the troops temporarily. While in their
possession the two houses were burnt down.
The committee have investigated the facts, and
they are satisfactory and conclusive. The whole
case is proved without difficulty. The committee
were entirely satisfied on investigation that the
amount charged is very cheap, being only $600
for each house. I think it probable the amount
will grow if you let it rest, and therefore it is
better to pass it at once.
Mr. WELLER. These houses were taken
possession of by order of the commanding officer
against the consent of the owner. If they had
been rented by the owaer j it would have presented
a different question, but they were forcibly taken
possession of by oar troops, and while thus occu-
pied were consumed by fire. ■
The bill was read a third time and passed.
wolf island. '
Mr. FOOT. I move to take up the resolution ,
(S. R. No. 30) concerning Wolf Island.
Mr. GEYER. I prefer that that resolution
should be postponed for the present. It presents
a very important subject, proposing to dispose
of a material point of controversy Between the
States of Missouri and Kentucky—a question of
jurisdiction. As I am not in a condition this
morning to do justice to the interests ofthe State
which 1 have the honor in part to represent, I
prefer that the resolution should be postponed for
a day or two at least.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow the resolution to be taken up and
assigned for some particular day.
Mr. GEYER. Certainly. If that is the ob-
ject, I have no objection,
Mr. FOOT. That was not my purpose in call-
ing for the consideration of the resolution. My
purpose wa^ to have it considered at the present
time; but if the Senators from Missouri and Ken-
tucky, whose constituents are particularly and
directly interested in this question, are not ready
for its consideration at the present time, certainly
I defer to their convenience and wishes entirely.
I will now move to take it up, with a view to as-
sign it for a particular day.
Mr. GREEN. I should have no objection to
assigning it for a particular day but for one rea-
son: I see by the public papers that the Legis-
lature of Missouri have adopted a memorial on
the same subject, and that memorial has not yet
been received. When received, this question
may come up at any time; but I can say for my-
self and my colleague, that we should Ifke to
have the benefit of that memorial in considering
the subject.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. What day will the Senator from
Missouri indicate ?
Mr. GEYER. Some early day—say Thurs-
FOOT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject, until Thursday next,
at one o'clock, and make it the special order for
that hour.
Mr. WELLER. I doubt very much the pro-
priety of making speciul orders until we dispose
of the general appropriation bills. They must
certainly be acted on, and special orders often-
times interfere with them.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that it would be
better to postpone the joint resolution to Thurs-
day, without making it a special order. There
is a great deal in the suggestion of the Senator
from California.
Mr. FOOT, Special orders, like general orders,
are always in the control of a majority of the
Senate. If a majority are disposed to give pre-
cedence to any other subject at that time, they
can do so.
The motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF LAW.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 347) to establish a Department of Law, and
to prescribe certain duties of the Auditors and
Comptrollers of the Treasuiy. At the hour of
one, if we should not be through with the con-
sideration of the bill, I shall consent to yield it
to the Indian appropriation bill. My impression
is that it will take but a very short time. I should
like to have some progress made in its considera-
tion now.
Mr. HUNTER. With the understanding that
the Senator will give way at one o'clock, I shall
not object to the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
It proposes to constitute the existing office of
Attorney General a Department, to be denomin-
ated the Department of Law, of which the At-
torney General for the time being is to be the
principal officer, who is to perform all the duties
now belonging to the office of Attorney General,
and such as may b® required of him by law. He
