THE C0N(tB,T1S8I0N AT. GLOBE.: i
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D- C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1857.
New Series....No. 35.
Departments. X feel doubts as to the propriety
of the passage of the rest of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. This is a very important bill,
and we have now no time to discuss it 
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator from New York
will allow me, as the hour of one has arrived, 1
will move to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until to-morrow, at half past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to move that the bill,
as amended, be printed, so that wo may have it
before us for examination.
Mr. ADAMS. I have nn objection, of course,
tn that; but the bill has been pending for four
years.
The motion to postpone was agreed to; and tho
bill, as amended, was ordered to be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
614) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious Indian tnbes for the year ending June 30,
1858, the pending question being on the amend-
ments offered by Mr. Sebastian from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the Secretary to
read the amendments as proposed by the Com-
mittee, in the order in which they are printed.
Tiie Secretary read the first amendment of
the Committee oil Indian Affniis; which was to
insert, after the appropriation for fulfilling the
Creek treaty of August 7, 1856, the following
clause:
For payment of sucli portion of the consideration pro-
vided bv the amendment of the Senate to the si.\th article
of the treaty of 7th August, 1855, as the general council of
the Creole nation shall direct to be paid to the Tieasurerof
said nation for any specified national object, $100,000: Pro-
vided, That only so much thereof as shall be so specifiod
shall be paid to said treasuier, and the remainder of the
sum, if any, shall be paid per cajtUa to the Creek nation as
annuity.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That amendment is simply
to provide for an appropriation of $100,000 in
pursuance of the sixth article of that treaty. An
amendment of the Committee on Finance has
provided for the balance of the appropriation, but
they declined taking any notice of this matter
because they had no evidence that the national
council had made an order on the subject. It is
in pursuance of the plan of the Indian department
always to have the appropriation in advance, and
it is subject to the proviso tnat its disposition shall
be according to the treaty. Of course there can
be no objection to it. .Serious inconveniences may
arise if no appropriation for this purpose be made.
I am satisfied that tho Creek council have before
this time indicated the national objects to which
the.yintend to devote a portion of this fund. Then,
according to the amendment I have offered, the
balance of the fund, over and above what they in-
dicate as required for national objects, will be
subject to an appropriation already made in this
bill by an amendment of the Finance Committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
* The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to insert, at the end of the
bill:
To complete the survey of the Creek boundary, as re-
quired by the treaty, to be expended under the proper author-
ity,' the sum
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is in pursuance of
estimates from the Secietuiy of the Interior, and
is in accordance with a stipulation of treaty with
the -Indians,'by which the United .States agreed
to Siirvey and establish the boundary by suitable
marks and monuments at the proper expense of
the United States.
pfhe amendment was adopted.
3ihe. next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to add:
To pay to the legal representative of Arthur Sizemore,
to the legat representative of John Worm, Him-
nraaee, or SemoietV $1^163, the said claims being fnuml m
the supplementary abstract of additional claims accompany-
-35
ine General Mitchell's report, which arise under the Creek
treaty of 1814; the said sums to be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. Are notthese private claims?
1 should like to have some explanation of them.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The appropriation which
is here asked for is similar to two appropriations
which Congress has heretofore passed, and the
effect of which appropriations was to recognize
the obligation of this Government to abide by,
and perform, the promises of General Pinckncy
in 1814 when making the treaty with the Creeks,
and which I believe this Government has always
regarded as being elevated to the ground of a
treaty. However that may be, there are two laws
which have recognized these claims heretofore.
This amendment embraces two items of tho
general account which have never heretofore been
paid, and stand precisely on the same footing
with tho two others that have been heretofore
recognized by Congress. I believe that the effect
of the legislation in those cases has been to ac-
knowledge that certain promises which were made
by General Pmckney m 1814, and were the
grounds on which the friendly Creeks came in
and made the capitulation to General Jackson by
the treaty of Fort Jackson, assumed the dignity
and were regarded as having the obligation of a
treaty. This bound the Government to pay
them all the losses which they had incurred in
their endeavors to maintain peace with the United
States, and to carry on hostilities with the hostile
Creeks. The promises of General l'liickney,
of course, were never reduced to the'form of a
treaty; but at the capitulation of the friendly and
hostile Creeks, they insisted then, and always
afterwards regarded those promises as forming
what thoy considered their part of the treaty.
In fulfillment of that understanding, Congress,
some two or three years since, appropriated
$110,000 to pay an aggregate amount of claims
then ascertained to be authentic. At the last
session, Congress appropriated about §5,000 to
pay another portion of the claims embraced ill fi
supplementary report of Geneial Mitchell, and
this amendment is for the same class.
The appropriation of $110,000, to which I have
alluded, embraced the first installment of these
claims paid by the Government, and was pro-
vided for in an Indian appropriation hill; and I
imagine it is too late now to urge that objection,
because the Government has recognized its obli-
gations to pay the claims. These are the two
items of the general class of claims heretofore
paid in part by the Goveirunout. Their validity
rests on precisely the same foundation, and is
attested by precisely the same evidence, as those
which we have heretofore paid by appropriations
in the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only stiy in regard to
this matter, that I did entertain a difieient opinion,
but the Senate overruled mc. I never thought
those promises of General Pmckney were equiv-
alent to a treaty, which the Creek Indians were
said to regard as their part of tho treaty. On that
subject I have, been overruled; and if this amend-
ment does come in under treaty stipulations, it. is
not a private claim under the rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was to add:
For payment of the clmm of C. M. Hitchrnok, creditor
of Colonel A. U. S. Hunter, for supplies of provision* to
the Cherokoes, und^r tiie authouty oi I>n<?aiher General
Wool, and of .f. It. Bchcrmerhoin, oornuu^bioner for nego-
tiating the treaty with the Cherokee-, from the 28th of
Mau-h to the 16th of July, 1836, $1,236 25.
Mr. PEARCE. As this amendment is not
fortified by the authority of that often-invoked
treaty of 1814,1 suppose it is liable to the objec-
tion that it.is a private claim. If so, according
to our rule, it should he excluded. I perceive
nothing to change the character of it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
! Affairs, who instructed me to report this amend-
j mcnt, were of opinion that it was not a private
I claim, from thefict that the supplies for the value
of which Mr. Hitchcock, the executor of Cojonel
Hunter, makes claim, were furnished by order of
the officer in charge of emigration business of the
Cherokces in 1836. Those orders emanated fr&n
the proper bureau in Washington city, and were
carried out and executed by the commandingpoffi-
cer there. The only reason why the money has
not been paid is, because the case did not come
within the rules and regulations which govern the
adjustment of accounts by the military depart-
ment of the Government. The debts were con-
tracted in pursuance of legitimate orders emana-
ting from the War Department here. There is no
question but that the supplies were furnished, and
that the claim was adjusted at a fair valuation for
the supplies which were furnished by Colonel
Hunter. I havo seen the original documents, in-
cluding tho orders of the Department.
As well as I recollect the facts now—the Senator
from Texas [Mr. Rusk] is more familiar with them
than I am—the accounts were rejected entirely for
the want of formality and a non-compliance with
some mere regulation of the Department. They
therefore have the dignity of obligations and debts
contiactcd by the authorized agents of this Gov-
ernment within the sphere of their duty, and un-
paid to this day for want of compliance with some
executive regulations which it was impossible for
the party to'observe at that time.
If this explanation be true, and I believe it is,
according to the facts, this case stands on the
footing of a claim m fulfillment of existing laws,
and is an appropriate subject for an amendment
to the geneial appropriation bills under the rules
of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. It will be remembered by the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] and other
Senators, that General Wool was sent out with"
large discretionary powers under a law, for the
purpose of removing the Cherokee Indians, and
appropriations were made to pay the. necessary
expenses. IIo had authority to issue orders. He
did so, anil directed an oidcr to Mr. Hunter,
whom I knew well. He was long a resident of
the nation when within the jurisdiction of North
Carolina, some distance removed from the opera-
tions of General Wool. He was a man of high
character and standing. The Indians had been
his neighbors for years. He know them, and was
acquainted with their condition. General Wool
having ample confidence in his capacity and dis-
cretion, wrote him a letter, requesting that he
would furnish the destitute Indians, prior to their
removal, wall provisions. Tho letter accompa-
nies the papers, and shows the confidence which
General Wool reposed m him. That confidence,
lam sure, was not misplaced. I myself knew
the man well. Appropriations were made for the
purpose of covering the expenses, but thoy were
not paid.
In the return of Mr. Hunter's accounts, the
letter of General Wool, by some means or other,
did not accompany them, and tho consequence
was, that thoy were rejected by the accounting
officers of the Treasury. The only reason why
the money was not paid by the accounting officers
was, that tho authority of Mr. Hunter to make
these disbursements for the benefit of the Indians
(lid not appear. Mr. Hunter has since died, arid
his cxeeulor has found the letter of General
Wool, which is ample and full. I have looked
over the accounts, which are taken from Mr-
Hunter's books after his death; and thoy consist
of items of one dollar for corn to this Indian, half
a dollar's worth of corn for another Indian, &c.
all for provisions furnished.^ I knew a large
, number of the Indians named in the accounts,
i examined the items as taken from the books.
I From my knowledge of Mr. Hunter in Jus Ute-
i time, and from the character of the books, l «m
satisfied of the justice of the demand. Ihe
evidence would bring conviction to my mind it
the amount were ten times as large as it is. iYu.
: Hunter is dead. His estate cannot be distributed
■ amongst a number of heirs m consequence, of
| the pendency of this claim. It is a claim of tha
! character for which a law has been passed; but
